  are you sure that 's not tomato puree instead of sauce ? 
  how insecure can the teacher be ? 
  sounds like the complaint hit a nerve . 
  do you really think i 'm * not * putting all those things in my sauce ? 
  a few drops of balsamic vinegar seals the deal . 
  over here tomato sauce is n't what i 'd call acidic , not by a long shot . 
  tomato sauce turns the dough soggy , not soft and tasty . 
  but that does n't taste like ketchup . 
  i mean , i usually put balsamic vinegar and tomato sauce in my pasta sauces and the end result is almost the same as ketchup , less sweet of course . 
  sweden or denmark . 
  that is due to the differences in education . 
  education ( of women in particular ) is the main reason why fertility drops ( see various societal studies ) . 
  the main thing governments should try to do is to get the muslim children educated . 
  education would also help them question their religious nutjobs more . 
  instead of banning beachwear the government should just concentrate on getting them educated . 
  that is so far fetched i do n't know what to think about . 
   if you let this grow and slowly manifest itself eventually you 're in a situation where most women are at the beach in a burkini . 
  damn lad , what are you smoking ? 
  honestly , most medium sized it companies are doing really well with revenues increasing 50 % each year . 
  digitalization is all the rage these days . 
  as is european culture by christianity . 
  is the headscarf worn by muslim women a purely religious attire ? 
  it has been part of that region 's culture for hundreds of years . 
  over here in finland married women used to wear headscarfs . 
  where do you draw the line between religious attire and normal attire ? 
  the town hall should have a rule against hats of any kind , singling out a muslim 's headscarf is ridiculous . 
  continental weather can be good ? 
  winter war has nothing to do with today , what happened then is irrelevant . 
  i 'm just asking for some insight and reasoning to your opinions on `` russia roflstomps everyone '' . 
  no , not really . 
  we just do n't have the industrial base to supply ourselves in the long run . 
  arms industry over here is quite small . 
  why would it be insane to think that ? 
  we have a modern airforce , modern anti air systems , modern tanks , modern anti tank systems , best artillery force in europe , capable soldiers and enough supplies for them . 
  we 'd defend ourselves just fine unless the russians throw the entire leningrad military district at us ( which would leave most of their western european borders undefended ) . 
  what on earth makes you think we would be cannon fodder against russia ? 
  are you just ignorant ? 
  banning the usage of the suit is pretty damn stupid , but not as stupid as taliban . 
  but nonetheless i 'd still say that french cities are on the wrong side of the issue . 
  it 's just blatant hypocrisy to ban people from using clothes that cover their body . 
  they should ban long sleeve shirts , wet suits and 20 's style swimsuits too . 
  i would n't be surprised if it 's mainly about maintenance and equipment support . 
  it rained from monday to friday . 
  oh boy watching that video while being hung over was n't a good idea . 
  he lives in korvatunturi . 
  the building does n't look that high , only two and half floors or so . 
  in viikki , helsinki there are apartment buildings made out of wood ( not logs ) and they 're three stories high . 
  iirc they were made for researching how well wooden structures of that scale last . 
  the pillars also only seem to be holding the roof up while the walls bear the majority of the load . 
  what about the supports ? 
  why on earth would it have to be covered in plastic ? 
  i 'm going to need a source on that claim . 
  my uncle just build himself a house out of logs , proper logs and it was n't `` covered in plastic '' ... 
  the usual reason for moldy schools and buildings over here is too air tight buildings without necessary ventilation . 
  it 's especially problematic with those zero-energy or passive houses . 
  afaik back in the old days the red colour was made by using red ochre . 
  for a swede you know a surprisingly tiny amount about wooden buildings . 
  they only grow mold if they get wet , and log houses breathe quite well ( which is good for ventilation ) . 
  elaborate . 
  you can still socialize even if you do n't smoke , that 's what the teens should try to understand . 
  if your friends make fun of you if you do n't smoke they really are n't your friends . 
  smoking a rite of passage in france ? 
  are they stuck in the 80 's and 90 's ? 
  we win again . 
  you mean swedish speaking finns in your last sentence ? 
  fyi , you can blind people with a simple handheld laser range finder if the people have unprotected eyes and/or the range finder does n't have a filter attached to it . 
  source : i 'm a forward observer in the fdf ( reserve now though ), 
  that depends entirely on the diameter of the laser beam . 
  kalja literally means `` beer '' . 
  it 's not a brand nor a type of beer . 
  i should patent the shape of a circle . 
  all your wheels are belong to us . 
  ** do you want to accept these cookies **, 
  wtf, 
  i 'd say that it 's a general question of whether you trust the military to do their given mission . 
  for example , the mission of the fdf is :  the duties of the defence forces are : 1 ) the military defence of finland , including the following : a ) undertaking surveillance of finland 's land and sea areas and airspace , and securing the nation 's territorial integrity ;  b ) securing the livelihoods and basic rights of the finnish people and the functioning of government , and defending the lawful social order ;  c ) providing military training , guiding voluntary national defence training , and promoting the will to defend the nation ;  2 ) providing support for other authorities , including the following : a ) executive assistance to maintain public order and security , to prevent and interrupt terrorist acts , and otherwise to protect society at large ;  b ) assistance in rescue operations by contributing equipment , personnel and expert services ;  c ) participation in assisting another country in case of a terrorist attack , natural disaster , major accident or other similar occurrence ; and  3 ) participating in international military crisis management . 
  any other duties of the defence forces will be provided for separately by law . 
  do i trust the fdf to do that ? 
  yes . 
  sounds sleazy . 
  and that 's illegal ( edit : in finland , i do n't know about the laws of other countries ) . 
  if an applicant senses bullshit over a company not hiring her due to her being a woman , you can be sure that the company is in for a legal shit storm . 
  central and southern europe : what the fuck, 
  financially , maybe . 
  food stuff has to come from somewhere though , 
  our army in 1939 was pretty shitty though . 
  ~ ~ i think ~ ~ i pay 10 ~ ~ or 15 ~ ~ euros a month for my 100/100 mbps connection . 
  at least it 's close to 20 c. 
  i moved together with my girlfriend after army at the age of 20 . 
  we 're both 27 years old now and the most serious thing we have thought about getting is a dog , plus a savings account for our own apartment . 
  what ? 
  late 30 's and early 40 's ? 
  do you know how much that increases the probability of the child to have some kind of birth defects or syndromes ? 
  women in finland are very aware of the fact that 30 's is the latest time you should get a child . 
  i really really wish they 'd revert that moronic directive ... 
  oh so you 're just crazy ? 
  that 's fine , i do n't have to waste time responding to stupid bullshit . 
  the turks should go to turkey then if they want to be addressed by erdogan . 
  ... it 's a joke, 
  simple .
