  in finland it goes like : condoms : go to any shop and buy . 
  pills : go see a doctor , get a prescription , buy pills . 
  only 3000 euros more and you 've caught finnish average wage . 
   `` common law is generally uncodified . 
  this means that there is no comprehensive compilation of legal rules and statutes . 
  while common law does rely on some scattered statutes , which are legislative decisions , it is largely based on precedent , meaning the judicial decisions that have already been made in similar cases . 
   civil law , in contrast , is codified . 
  countries with civil law systems have comprehensive , continuously updated legal codes that specify all matters capable of being brought before a court , the applicable procedure , and the appropriate punishment for each offense . '', 
  https://www.law.berkeley.edu/library/robbins/commonlawcivillawtraditions.html so basically civil law bases less emphasis on precedent and gives judges less power to shape the future of the law . 
  instead law is defined and improved by the institutions of the nation . 
  wikipedia ( from where the pic is taken ) has a nice run down of the differences : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_law_ ( legal_system ) #differentiation _ from_other_major_legal_systems, 
  - ian is just a suffix that turns a noun into an adjective that describes a place . 
  hardly something out of star trek . 
  it 's not the same as in op 's pic but it has been for hundreds of years ... 
  to be honest a head scarf is pretty normal head wear in northern europe too . 
  edit : obviously the women in the pic are n't wearing those due to that . 
  rosatom 's subsidiary will be a minority owner of that plant , with a 30 % stake . 
  agreed . 
  yeah you do n't want reactor construction to go like our beloved olkiluoto unit 3 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olkiluoto_nuclear_power_plant#unit_3 according to some calculations it 's more expensive than the lhc in switzerland . 
  honestly it seems like a real pain in the ass to not have street view in a country . 
  what if you want to see what some place looks like before you drive there so that you know which way to turn and such ? 
  why ? 
  does danish pastry sound like something out of star trek too since it combines the name of a place with something edible ? 
  to add to that , the youtube channel is owned by noin viikon uutiset . 
  it 's missing pineapple . 
  they are n't hated . 
  nobody hates them because they speak swedish . 
  if anything they are teased a little bit , stuff like being b\u00e4ttre folk and that every swedish speaking finn owns a sailboat and wears smart casual clothing even at home while alone . 
  alphabetical order is way more easier to browse through . 
  what matters is how finns say the king 's name . 
  it 's vaasa and that 's the way we like it . 
  to add to that , i think elisa ( a finnish operator ) was lobbying for 1 $ / gb prices . 
  it 's a long a because that 's how you say vasa in swedish . 
  we just write the words the way they 're said . 
  if you ask me , other languages have messed up pronunciation rules and ours are correct :p vaasa ( finnish : [ \u02c8\u028b\u0251\u02d0s\u0251 ] ; swedish : vasa , ipa : [ \u02c8v\u0251\u02d0sa ] ) , note the long \u0251 . 
  and if it was vasa it would mean `` calf '' . 
  the city 's name is vaasa , it 's the finnish name of the city you dummy . 
  you 're basically saying `` the name of the city is n't helsinki , it 's helsingfors '' . 
  she probably wanted to eurobeat him . 
  simplest of organisms generally reproduce the fastest . 
  what are the pieces in the top middle part ? 
  the one with the town in the castle . 
  i have never seen them . 
  i wonder if `` training '' includes or excludes time in fdf . 
  each year 25 000 finns are conscripted and trained , that 's roughly 4 % of the people aged 18-24 . 
  good job parliament , just keep on perpetuating the stereotype that russia is a brutish , corrupt country . 
  olavi , you mean ? 
  joke ? 
  the official name of the castle in finnish is a joke to you ? 
  sorry but its name is suomenlinna . 
  you just need yeast and sugar , not multiple plants . 
  it seems that our training officer in the fdf was n't completely wrong when he always said that the enemy comes from the west . 
  and this is a prime example of why people make fun of swedes . 
  look , there is more to a union than the language . 
  it 's the set of laws , traditions and culture around it . 
  not just what you spew out from your mouth . 
  lay off the booze and brew some coffee mate , you 're talking nonsense . 
  going to work at 9 via metro and the metro is already packed full at the siilitie station when going towards central . 
  look , i 'd rather have more swedes than more russians . 
  no offense to russians . 
  just yours . 
  they can even buy their tanks back from us for double the price !, 
  heresy . 
  wtf . 
  does anyone actually think that any nation would be willing to go to nuclear war over any country ? 
  so basically almost every man in finland aged 18-50 . 
  rest of the world : please do n't fuck up , i would n't want to die . 
  fixed ? 
  i 'm not seeing a legend . 
  ( or 300m x 100m if you 're firing an este ), 
  vit-tu not vi-tuu, 
  cool . 
  by scout do you mean you were a forward observer ? 
  i 'm an nco in a forward observation patrol ( four guy patrol ) so i 've seen my fair share of arty action too ( though not much of what happens in the fire base ) . 
  but yes , i suppose casualties with normal towed artillery is expected , unless they 're out of reach of the enemy arty and they have to rely on some other means of counter battery fire . 
  our mechanized forces on the other hand have self propelled artillery that can move away from the fire position seconds after firing , so it does n't really concern them . 
  there 's no reason they would n't work unless there 's really delicate electronics inside them . 
  battery life will naturally suffer , but that 's just the reality of battery chemistry . 
  i 'm pretty sure we had some that worked by triangulating sounds , but these new radars actually track the projectiles themselves and calculate the trajectory origin from that . 
  since you 're the arm chair general expert here , do tell how it does n't work . 
  in the landscapes of finland ? 
  yes . 
  there are very few main roads and rest is swamps and taiga forest with some fields here and there . 
  see map https://www.google.fi/maps/@60.8993323,28.1244838,9.5z?hl=fi the few roads are easily mined . 
  calling in a fire mission takes 30-60 seconds and then 20 seconds or so for the arty to fire . 
  infantry does n't move that fast when they 're engaged and the danger radius for artillery is about 500 meters . 
  finnish artillery also is incredibly accurate ( usually + - 30 meters ) , even without gps . 
  what ? 
  friends talk about having a baby at the age of 21 ? 
  wtf , where do you live ? 
  i 'm about to turn 28 and my friends are the same age or older and only one couple has a baby . 
  older people die from extreme weather all the time , it does n't matter whether it 's a heatwave or extreme cold . 
  du m\u00e5ste diskutera until a consensus is reached . 
  dutch are jealous because we 're better in almost every regard . 
  carrying a gun like that in public with the magazine attached is pretty bad . 
  seriously , detach the magazine and carry it in your pocket , it 'd make others around you much more calm . 
  goddamn h\u00e4m\u00e4l\u00e4iset and their weird ass words . 
  what ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 've always thought that it 's just `` oak month '',
