  correct . 
  also next to the main railway station in helsinki there 's a restaurant called vltava . 
  / random tidbits of info, 
  the ship ai n't that huge . 
  i guess there 's a wheel for steering inside the sauna ? 
  how does it feel like when someone wants to have a lync meeting and you 're with linux ? 
  ( hint : it sucks ass ), 
  it depends on school and where you live ( as in whether the municipality is bilingual ) . 
  in some places swedish starts earlier as an elective i guess . 
  and good for you that you learned finnish , now you can speak with the rest 95 % of the nation :p, 
  yeah , i can imagine compulsory swedish from 7th grade onward can destroy ones motivation . 
  it varies from municipality to municipality , because they are responsible for arranging healthcare for their citizens . 
  in some places there can be long queues during seasonal flu times ( but why on earth would you go see a doctor because you got a flu/fewer ? 
  last time the russians thought about the strategical value of petersburg was n't that much fun for us . 
   i do n't get that either . 
  they put it at the max for distancing . 
  so maybe it implies proto-x , or maybe they are just basing it on loan words . 
  the lexical distance seems to encompass everything . 
  words , their meaning , loan words , similar sounding words with different meanings and so on . 
  it is n't a naive mapping of word `` deer '' to other languages . 
  i mean , we have lots of loan words from swedish , so that explains why finnish is connected to swedish . 
  typical b\u00e4ttre folk :p, 
  yes , it happens . 
  the legal system , which is a cornerstone of a democratic society , is about to collapse in sweden - says police inspector lars alvarsj\u00f6 . 
  wow . 
  the amount of people detached from reality is quite staggering in this thread . 
  the legal system of sweden is n't going to collapse because one police inspector says so . 
  sounds like someone tanked the tests himself ... , 
  haha . 
  it 's like a soviet reunion . 
  like it did n't work after ww2 ? 
  instead back then the plan was to prevent the spread of communism . 
  so basically , finland is not only the true heir to the roman empire , but to the third reich as well ? 
  let me guess : lund ? 
  sounds kinda hyperbolic . 
  older people are getting healthier too , you can just raise the retirement age . 
  does n't the average homicide also happen in the apartment of the killer ? 
  no it was n't you tinfoil hat idiot . 
  it was a simple technical error . 
  you can read the transcript on the internet . 
  how would you then know how an enemy force would react to it ? 
  the whole point of russia probing others airspace is to measure how long it takes to and how do the probed nations react . 
  his point is do n't fuck up yet again sometime in the future . 
  from my experience , it just makes you tolerate bullshit more and appreciate good socks , it does n't necessarily build `` character '' as a whole . 
  training is the same for every man over 18 years old . 
  6 to 12 months of training . 
  2 months basic training , 2 months special training and 2 months training as a part of a bigger unit . 
  nco 's , co 's , tank drivers and such train for 12 months . 
  i support it because it 's not a big deal to go and train for less than a year , and due to the fact that we have the longest land border with russia in europe . 
  it 's also pretty damn cheap for the state and it allows a large amount of brigades to deploy if needed . 
  piloting planes is usually reserved for officers on a payroll anyway , so sure that is n't for conscripts . 
  but being an engineer/tank operator/sniper is easily trainable in few months . 
  do you think the finnish defence forces do n't have tank commanders and drivers and others ? 
  being a soldier is n't rocket science . 
  i 'd say the only difference is motivation . 
  considering 2/3 of all jobs in the army are logistics related , i 'd say plenty of different kinds of roles . 
  that makes no sense . 
  you make it sound like one 's political opinion has some kind of effect on the statistical data acquired by the un . 
  university student here , three hour math classes are awful . 
  could you please build them somewhere close to lapland so we 'd have a great ski resort there ? 
  not sure if serious . 
  but the proper word for a finnish person is `` finn '' with two n 's , not with just one n. fishes have fins . 
  does n't matter . 
  it is now rightful finnish clay . 
  when everything is nsfw , nothing is . 
  here 's a video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkyvfvrysk, 
  to further iterate on the fact that what is gay normally is brotherhood in the fdf : nsfw : http://www.weirdexistence.com/complete-idiots-in-finnish-army/, 
  i mean , you ca n't even see any strategic spots in any of the pics . 
  it 's the same as viewing pictures taken at a beach . 
  surely that 's safe for work ? 
  norrlander are honorary finns . 
  the moderator who tagged this as nsfw is such a prude . 
  this is five days old news . 
  sipil\u00e4 and medvedev have already met and talked about it `` openly '' . 
  i do n't know of any officials that thought that russia is orchestrating something . 
  sure there are corrupt policemen , border guards and organized criminals that are taking people across the border , but that is n't `` orchestrating '' . 
  this piece of news is about austria . 
  the '' [ finnish ] '' in the title just means the language of the article . 
  my point was that it 's odd that he thought baumgartner was talking about finland since the fishing license thing does n't apply to finland ( unless you are using something else than a normal fishing rod without a reel ) . 
  but you can fish in finland without a permit , 
  dude ... did you even read the first paragraph ? 
  he is n't talking about finland but austria instead . 
  you make it sound like it 's the wild west over here . 
  hardware costs tons of money . 
  i think most big purchases for the finnish defense forces do n't even come from the general budget ( 3 billion euros a year or so ) , instead they are separately approved by the parliament or something . 
  shush now dansk j\u00e4vel . 
  what has that to do with this incident ? 
  well , it was copied from baseball afaik . 
  even in the case of ** foreign ** subsidiaries ? 
  i do n't see a problem with us based cloud services being banned . 
  many us companies can just setup europe based subsidiaries and have their own data centers in europe . 
  aws has its own centers in ireland and frankfurt ( https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/ ) , i 'd be surprised if other big providers do n't have too . 
  still , when we get closer to spring you get melting snow during the day that forms into icicles during the freezing nights . 
  those hurt too when they fall down . 
  there already are railings on all buildings . 
  otherwise the snow would drop down on the street and walkways . 
  the need to drop the snow in a more controlled fashion while the walkways are closed . 
  oh , did n't notice that you had those slanted dots instead of the `` normal '' ones . 
  nevermind me . 
  are you sure those are n't just single vowels ?
