  8th largest in europe , just a little less than what germany is . 
  also : oil drilling rights on barents sea . 
  we call it `` the swedish o '' . 
  to us finns it sounds exactly like our o , while actual swedish o sounds a bit more ... well , with more u sound in it . 
  while i agree that being denmark 's and sweden 's trophy over the course of centuries can be rather tiresome , i doubt you can compare that to modern times when the monarchy does n't have any power . 
  in finland we have `` penny is the start of a million '' . 
  nothing about stealing :\\, 
  1453 was an inside job, 
  i thought it said that nokia should 've never sold their mobile division ? 
  and i said that they did the right thing by selling it . 
  am i mistaken ? 
  that depends on many things , just being a nokia phone is n't enough . 
  only the mobile division of nokia was sold to ms. and to me it seems like a great deal , since all this time the mobile division has been nothing but a money drain to ms. 
  if ms could n't turn it profitable , how could 've nokia ? 
  edit : i assume / u/neutrolgreek meant that nokia should n't have sold their business to ms in the first place . 
  well yea , that 's pretty much the same latitude as northern sahara . 
  not that many people live in the desert :p, 
  same . 
  watched suits and went to buy a blazer even though i 'm just a software designer . 
  it was a common joke among the officers . 
  in the finnish defence forces we practiced defending against the `` yellow nation '' that `` has managed to outflank us and is attacking from the west '' . 
  this is one of the things that armies do . 
  they train for different scenarios . 
  basic income ca n't and will not replace all social help . 
  there will always be people who mismanage their money , which brings us back to square one . 
  i 'm sorry , i just meant that being under the influence of the soviet union probably had its effect on your economy reforms and their effectiveness and costs . 
  the difference being you were on the right side of the curtain . 
  that too . 
  which is good imo . 
  the guys tried to steal beer , i guess they were really drunk and did n't really comprehend what was happening . 
  well , i suppose you could say that , but i 've been listening to van buuren for many many years and i would n't consider him _ that _ new . 
  government definitely should n't worry about technophobes . 
  the notification serves no purpose at all , it 's just a waste of time . 
  the whole point is that you can be tracked even without cookies . 
  that is why it 's so dumb to ask `` are you ok if we use cookies ? '' . 
  cookies also have very little to do with how the actual internet works . 
  this is as stupid as that `` website is using cookies , are you ok with this ? '', 
  questions that was forced through legislation . 
  they serve zero purpose , i hope sometime in the future these things are repealed or at least somehow challenged . 
  how are these two events even comparable ? 
  model s charges in 40 minutes i think . 
  that 's what we get for being a sort-of-black-sheep of the north . 
  we are n't scandinavian even if our culture is massively intertwined with sweden , nor are we russian or baltic . 
  so what are we ? 
  i guess most of that national identity comes from that , plus the fact that finland is a young nation . 
  first i was like `` why are you trying to argue against a study '' , but then i noticed there is no study to be cited at all . 
  i expected more from yle . 
  the figures are probably meant to show how much it costs big multi-national companies to have a workforce in different countries . 
  for example finland . 
  our wages are pretty goddamn high compared to rest of europe , so why would any foreign company invest here ? 
  it 's just that people equate gay 's with swedes , 
  to emphasize the fact that most people in finland do n't have an educated opinion : most of the immigrants are concentrated in the greater helsinki region . 
  for example , the first time i saw a muslim in kouvola was last year . 
  yes , naturally there are diminishing returns on it due to overhead in bureaucracy and such , but my point still stands . 
  it 's a matter of prioritization really and what the society values . 
  sorry , i just did n't understand what `` enhanced learning '' meant . 
  if you mean stuff like skipping a class , sure , you can do that already . 
  you can also home school your kids if you want the absolute best education for them . 
  i think the person who got 11 laudatur 's from this year 's matriculation exam was home schooled . 
  what is `` enhanced '' learning ? 
  surely if they are gifted children they 'll attend some university and can use their mental gifts there . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  bigger population also means more tax money and more teachers . 
  it 's like that in all universities and other tertiary level schools . 
  is n't it like this everywhere else in the world ? 
  i mean , i could pick my own courses in secondary school ( lukio ) . 
  after decades , that cartoon series is still the shit in finland . 
  did n't you get subsidies from eu because of the sanctions ? 
  most people want to do the good thing , so to speak . 
  villisika in finnish - coincidence ? 
  maybe . 
  i live in helsinki currently . 
  i lived in nowadays kouvola area before army . 
  but i think my point is very much valid . 
  everyone i have ever known has drank alcohol to get wasted , yet almost nobody has smoked pot for that purpose . 
  i 'm not saying that cannabis usage is non-existent . 
  i 'm saying that compared to alcohol the usage is non-existent . 
  yes , is n't the survey exactly about the `` recent years '' ? 
  pretty much a huge change . 
  cannabis has never been huge in finland . 
  i only know one person who has smoked a joint for sure , and even that happened abroad . 
  teens getting wasted has always been about drinking beer and smoking . 
  not cannabis . 
  do n't worry , we already haul battery energy drinks from tallinn . 
  tangentially related to this piece of news , but : i 'm pleasantly surprised that a foreign website wrote sipil\u00e4 's name with \u00e4 instead of just lazily using a. 
  that is true , i should 've mentioned it . 
  the current conscription and training system is basically that they produce combat units ( brigades ) with a specific role and organization for n years , and then switch to a new one . 
  before the dispersed battalion/brigade doctrine , the focus was on different kind of role and organization . 
  these videos explain the new doctrine : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foipv7ivp-c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2crax8kibis, 
  no it is n't . 
  the doctrine is based on mobile defence in depth : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foipv7ivp-c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2crax8kibis, 
  geneva convention also states that in order to be a lawful combatant , you have to wear a uniform that can be identified as certain country 's uniform . 
  in practice this means the uniform has a flag of your country . 
  so basically these guys are civilians ( or terrorists , depending on how you want to view it ) and should be subject to civilian laws . 
  the sleeves are definitely too short . 
  if the guy lift his arms in front of him , you 'd see half of his forearm . 
  in your face sweden . 
  cult of personality keeps on snowballing it seems . 
  remember to not leave any trash in the nature , there 's no official event coordinator so nobody is in charge of the cleanup . 
  | kalleksdskhdlahd-thingy the what ?
