  over here 65 to 75 would be at least a two room apartment , maybe even a three room apartment . 
  currently it 's + 28 c in my apartment . 
  i wish it was -50 c outside . 
  it 's a tiny part of the problem . 
  nobody cares about that . 
  a more apt thing to say would be `` how many polar bears are there ? '', 
  what 's the point of this table ? 
  official languages of eu ? 
  i mean , finland has two official languages : finnish and swedish . 
  so paying someone to do a job is a slippery slope to helping with homework ? 
  only absurd thing about this is arguments like in your quote . 
  someone else . 
  cutting your grass . 
  the horror !, 
  that one person who gets too drunk by drinking too much too fast . 
  why ? 
  i heard people actually like it . 
  how would you pronounce that ? 
  considering the sound of `` p '' is essentially made by closing your mouth , how would that sound even work with no other letter/sound after them ? 
  that 's why `` sepp\u00e4 '' ( smith ) works while sepp does n't . 
  for comparison `` sep\u00e4 '' ( that 's / it ) is a word . 
  approx 7 % of our exports go to russia . 
  i would n't say the finnish economy is dependent on russian economy . 
  sure it influences it like everything else , but dependent ? 
   back in their ** hayday ** i see what you did there . 
  why ? 
  because not-downtown-area is n't teeming with people ? 
  no , but this topic is about climate change . 
  with that western world can and should help because it benefits us all . 
  and then what ? 
  watch as they die of starvation ? 
  and instead of a spanish armada they 'd be invaded by a syrian armada ? 
  got ta beat the englishmen somehow ? 
  is n't central spain pretty arid highlands anyway ? 
  lies . 
  only the great tit says titityy . 
  just because you put '' / s '' there does n't make your joke good . 
  curious how similar that is to finnish . 
  in finnish a dog says `` hau '' , a cat says `` miau '' , a rooster says `` kukkokiekuu '' and a cow says `` muu '' . 
  that 's what you get for calling us finish instead of finnish , 
  no , but scandinavia is still a geographical location too . 
  it 's the peninsula . 
  it 's a very distinct geographical feature with seas bordering it from pretty much all sides , it 's not true to say that `` it 's purely a cultural and historical region '' . 
  it is n't purely a cultural and a historical region . 
  it 's also the region of the scandes , which is pretty much norway and sweden . 
  the kid who died in sweden was basically ripped in half . 
  not a pretty sight . 
  shitty ? 
  yeaaah go back under your rock . 
  how the fuck do you only have five comments and yet you have 6,422 comment karma and none of your comments show it ? 
  redditor for two months ? 
  smells like a bought account . 
  do you have any source on that ? 
  i do n't want to mess around with the rips when i 'm paying for netflix . 
  and i want subtitles . 
  still waiting for season 2 to hit netflix ... 
  usually only on the offensive when we spent the whole day maneuvering . 
  in the army they gave us those as part of the snack bag you get while in the woods ( in case hq & support company messed up food delivery ) . 
  icky and sugary , just the way i liked it . 
  that 's rich coming from a bunch of banya drunkards . 
  then do n't come to finland . 
  we have lots and lots of rape fields , we even make oil out of rape . 
  what ? 
  you mean it 's a bad thing that we 're basically the balls of europe ? 
  i 'd say the people who think heavy drinking is a cool thing live in a bubble . 
  infinitely side scrolling web page ? 
  what kind of an idiot thinks that 's a good idea ? 
   heavy drinking is still seen as a `` cool thing '' i do n't think so . 
  no , coffee just developed into the drink you serve to guests . 
  that happened centuries ago and it has retained its status . 
  there has been lots of research done about the finnish coffee culture but i have n't really read them . 
  espresso does n't really taste that good , the taste is way too sharp and i need to add a shitton of milk and sugar to make it drinkable . 
  jallukahvi or kahvijallu depending on your amount of jaloviina . 
  from here : www.valtakunta.eu/index2.shtml, 
  or the highest amount category : ninety percent less than when it should say greater than 90 % , as in  90 % . 
  it does n't have to be rude , it 's not like full metal jacket in europe . 
  depends on your country though . 
  discipline is there for a reason , it is n't unnecessary . 
  the point of training discipline ( by following orders ) is because the ncos and cos need to be able to trust that the subordinates do the job they 're told immediately if shit hits the fan and bullets start flying around you . 
  otherwise it might as well be daycare . 
  limits on freedom is what it is . 
  i did n't mind it , i had free time after 18:00 after almost every single day and weekends off . 
  could you perhaps elaborate a bit on how exactly is it `` arrogant '' . 
  you ca n't just handwave it . 
  you sure seem to know a lot about military for someone who has never been in one . 
  the food is n't shitty in fdf at least , nor was it `` arrogant '' . 
  sure it was hierarchical but how is that a bad thing ? 
  you make it sound like the government forces people to move to urban areas . 
  it 's what the people want . 
  you ca n't forcibly spread out people , it just does n't work . 
  as far as i know , wargaming games use nato symbology which means that friendlies are blue , neutrals green and enemies red . 
  the nato symbol usage even extends to the actual unit symbols themselves which is really great imo , allows someone like me to quickly glance over the field and see what 's on it . 
  not in finland . 
  only lines 550 and 560 in helsinki allow you to board the bus from the middle door also . 
  all other city and intercity lines require you to board via front door . 
  trams have multiple doors along the whole length of the tram . 
  people usually space themselves evenly along the length of the tram so that hey have a better change at getting a seat . 
  kind of a dick move by the random girl . 
  well , not even `` kind of '' , but a totally dick move . 
  the thing is , trams usually have multiple doors along the whole length of the tram .
