  we must research it because we can . 
  that 's barely a company 's worth of tanks :|, 
  what on earth have buildings built in the 1916 and 1993 to do with the current state of the economy ? 
  you 're grasping at straws here . 
  dat rally english . 
  does this take amount of driven kilometers into account at all ? 
  seems silly to just measure fatalities per million inhabitants . 
  would n't it make more sense to measure number of fatalities per million inhabitants per driven kilometers ? 
  areva is building it . 
  olkiluoto-3 is one of the ~ ~ single ~ ~ most expensive buildings in the world right now . 
  i just do n't think you know enough of our country to have any say on what we build and how we build . 
  edit : i do n't think , i know that you do n't know . 
  your original comment pretty clearly shows that . 
  that 's nice . 
  ~ ~ i 'm pretty sure they were given for research purposes . ~ ~, 
  careful now , do n't go full retard . 
  what kind of bread is the `` proper bread '' ? 
  does it get spoiled or does it stay edible for months ? 
  it 's decided , eesti can not into nordic . 
  that 's true . 
  saying `` bang bang '' is cheaper buying paintball guns though . 
  the effective range of an assault rifle with iron sights is well beyond 150 meters . 
  paint balls are accurate up to 10 :p, 
  time to put some lynyrd skynyrd on . 
  you 're supposed to learn how to shoot your weapon on the firing range and maybe on an assault course of some sorts . 
  not in a simulated company/brigade scale battle ( like what mandarion said ) , those are for learning and practicing maneuvers and procedures when fighting as a part of a bigger force . 
  in large scale sim battles the `` bang bang '' is just as effective as using miles systems . 
  there are referees on the field and they can tell people `` you 're dead now , lie down '' to keep the battle somewhat realistic to the officers who are leading the forces . 
  500 $ for someone who is a phd is nothing i 'd imagine . 
  cars with headlights on are a fuckton easier to notice during the day . 
  the hat costs like 500-800 euros and the sword is about 200 euros . 
  depends on the shop where you buy them of course . 
  one example : http://melandershattfabrik.fi/, 
  i dunno , i just learned the same way i learned all the irregular verbs in the english language :p, 
  and the suffixes are mostly the same between words . 
  there might be few sets of variations depending on the word , but they 're pretty consistent imo . 
  well that 's cool , i thought the project had financial problems . 
  dibs on viipuri . 
  what , the new sarcophagus is being built ? 
  did n't know that o_o, 
  ... as opposed to ? 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  yes , let 's just down vote the guy for saying thanks . 
  one upped you back to 1 . 
  why would you want anything from tap ? 
  it 's usually less carbonated and tastes overall stale than bottled ones . 
  decompression during flight can be caused by a simple error during doing the before takeoff check list . 
  as in forgetting to flip a switch . 
  of course not . 
  we go to our summer cottages , get drunk , construct huge bonfires on the lake , watch them burn and later maybe drown in said lake . 
  call in all reservist ? 
  that would be silly . 
  we have readiness forces that can hold off attacks until reserve is deployed . 
  finnish defence forces call thousands of reservists to rehearsals every year . 
  this has been the standard procedure for decades . 
  ~ ~ i do n't get that reference . 
  romanian count ? ~ ~ oh right ... stubb 's teeth . 
  yeah , the chart op posted is kinda misleading . 
  the y axis description should also show the amount of gas used compared to other forms ( oil and so on ) of energy import , not just the percentage of russian gas compared to gas from elsewhere . 
  137 out of 141 . 
  i blame the balkans . 
  hmm , i must check if the local alko has that in stock . 
  i have no idea what on earth the text says or the people talk . 
  such as ? 
  tracked and other heavy vehicles are really good weapon platforms . 
  they have thermal optics that can spot you even if you are two kilometers away lying in the dirt , and they can hit you at those distances too . 
  but i do agree that first you 'd need some kind of aa capability and maybe stationary at weapons . 
  otherwise tanks would be of little use . 
  alakurtti is n't near the sea . 
  it 's mainly for protecting the link between moscow and murmansk . 
  murmansk is the main base for the arctic forces as far as i have gathered from the news . 
  this basically . 
  alakurtti base has only few thousand troops . 
  they 'd need multiple times more troops if they wanted to do any offensive stuff . 
  the few thousand troops there act as a safeguard in case ( for some weird reason ) finland decides to invade the alakurtti region . 
  i do n't think they blamed russia for the countries `` becoming better '' . 
  the message was more like `` russia sucks '' . 
  payback for poltava ? 
  i believe the bible has been read on the national radio also , so why not quran ? 
  http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/spurdo-sparde oh and the `` eeeiiiii '' is a darth vader esque `` nnnoooooooooooooo '' . 
  til `` kyydit\u00e4 '' ( giving a ride in finnish ) means deportation in estonian . 
  surprise anschluss . 
  so , we should make decisions based on history and not current trends ? 
  maybe in science yes , but for stuff that is mostly about values and beliefs of people ? 
  nope . 
  i do n't really know . 
  it 's just some urban legend i heard years ago as a teen . 
  i think if you go over 20 km/h it means that you get a day-fine ( i believe the man in the news got a day-fine ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/day-fine, 
  my thoughts about this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbotywtrz_g surprised he did n't lose his driving license , i thought going over 20 km/h over the speed limit results automatically in that . 
  it means that you ca n't wear a nazi uniform like suit that says `` jews are bad '' . 
  they die earlier than me . 
  thus it 's a win win for me . 
  all of their pension payments will pay for someone else 's pension . 
  finns tend to have very little faith on major powers actually helping them if needed . 
  most of us are very cynical like that . 
  the half life is 8 days , is n't it ? 
  but that 's the point , your thyroid will continue accumulating iodine even after the old radioactive stuff decays , unless you take the non-radioactive iodine pills before hand . 
  the purpose of iodine pills is to saturate your thyroid gland with non-radioactive iodine . 
  if it 's not saturated and there 's a nuclear fallout , radioactive iodine-131 will accumulate in the gland and it will last there for quite some time . 
  fun fact : most table salts in finland come with supplementary iodine .
