  the wikipedia page says `` it is naturally emitted by forest fires and volcanic eruptions and can also be found in coal tar , cigarette smoke , wood smoke , and burnt foods such as coffee . 
  fumes that develop from fat dripping on blistering charcoal are rich in benzopyrene , which can condense on grilled goods . '', 
  so basically where they burn a lot of wood and/or smoke ? 
  education , especially women 's education is the main driving factor according to many studies . 
  most formatting systems allow you to use backslash to display the symbol as is if it 's some formatting marker . 
  \\  asdf < asdf, 
  is nimby now a valid reason for not wanting something ? 
  aaand suddenly the act of blessing ( as in holding your arm over something ) is literally hitler . 
  i like the part where the dots do n't even touch the country they 're pointing out . 
  this was posted earlier . 
  in short : it 's v\u00e4yrynen who 's rambling and trying to make himself significant . 
  because finland is small and irrelevant on the grand scale of things . 
  shameful ? 
  being neutral is shameful ? 
  the tests are n't any less reliable than the tests done at regular clinics . 
  everyone ? 
  all blood is tested anyway . 
  i do n't understand the fuss . 
  as a finn : everything . 
  there are new negotiations first . 
  remember to wash your butt before sauna , otherwise people really get butthurt . 
  well , finland did n't exist until 1917 anyway , 
  i hope you shower ** before ** going to sauna , 
  with the amount of vowels our words have , i doubt that `` guttural '' is the right word . 
  what 's that ? 
  trip card ? 
  anyway , i think danes have bigger problems than the system they use to board trains and busses . 
  it 's the prices in copenhagen that are fucking ridiculous . 
  the fare from the airport to the city center was pretty atrocious if i recall correctly . 
  but , that 's retarded anyway . 
  you ca n't just barge in . 
  wait at least a meter away from the door until the person has opened the door and has invited you in , 
  you can wear shoes only if the dress code says suit/black tie . 
  think of graduation parties and/or major birthday parties . 
  way more efficient than to write `` for/into the traffic '' , 
  i really think that the explanation there is really stretching it , the hazing part to be more specific . 
  no , thank god . 
  i would n't be able to breathe in bars otherwise . 
  8 to 10 euros in downtown helsinki . 
  ( surprisingly 10 euros is the maximum you can pay with lunch coupons that some companies offer as a bonus ), 
  you 'd get about 300 euros as student benefits and 200 euros for paying the rent ( asumistuki ) . 
  most students gets 500 euros a month . 
  wait . 
  is this about what the _ friday _ culture is like over here , or is it just `` it 's friday , post stuff about culture '' ? 
  either way , i 'm getting drunk tonight thanks to my work place 's party . 
  so the hotel should struggle instead ? 
  sweden . 
  the second place in the world where they have proper saunas . 
  misleading website ? 
  you 're critiquing their approximation of a football field is meant to mislead people from the fact that it 's still a lot of people that have to be housed ? 
  what ? 
  they are n't true aryans . 
  nah , hand waving would cause you to lose heat faster during winter  better keep dem hands in pockets . 
  hand waving also means that you only appear to do some productive work , but you actually are n't . 
  both ways of understanding it work though , 
  over here we save the stories for the actual party . 
  church is 100 % business only . 
  i find it boring , the most interesting part is the car that comes to pick up the newly wed couple . 
  you like going to church for the ceremony ? 
  that i do agree with . 
  it 's a great way for other parties to alienate a big chunk of population . 
  edit : `` broken '' is a bit too strong word . 
  not broken but i think that sd might become a rather important party in the next elections . 
  it 's just a bit short sighted for the current government parties . 
  wow , that logic is 100 % perfect . 
  someone sets a house on fire -  democracy is broken . 
  germany is a peculiar country . 
  most people there rent their houses , they do n't buy them . 
  til some people think partitioning of eastern europe is n't considered part of ww 2 . 
  uhh , do n't schools in france serve vegetarian food at all ? 
  well , most western countries are post-industrial or transitioning to a post-industrial society . 
  it is n't the 19th century anymore . 
  depends on what kind of trash i 'd say . 
  and the next day : a thirsty wallet and a sore liver . 
  what accent ? 
  english accent ? 
  i did n't harvest anything . 
  on the other hand , we got lots of currant juice from my mother and my gf 's mother . 
  plus a shitton of bilberries . 
  true enough . 
  but tanks still act as a force multiplier , against infantry and soft targets they 're really good . 
  not to mention their thermal imaging systems that can spot targets kilometers away . 
  acapulco is obscure ? 
  tanks are anti-tank . 
  wtf is going on with pohjanmaa/ostrobothnia ? 
  i 'd expect them to use the swedish word , not that . 
  only if you ca n't spell it right , 
  more like more strategically grown forests on the eastern border . 
  i have no idea . 
  that was my original question too . 
  so they can turn on central heating without having the janitor physically visit the building ? 
   the systems that were attacked tried to respond to the attack by rebooting the main control circuit . 
  this was repeated over and over so that heating was never working . 
  why on earth would they design the system like that ? 
  the network interface should be a separate system , then they could reboot the network interface as much as they wanted without resetting the whole heating system ... 
  ... it 's snow . 
  not lava . 
  he can but i seriously doubt he 's going to meddle with states ' affairs . 
  president is the leader of foreign policy , law enforcement falls onto the shoulders of the states and their governors . 
  haha .
