  i 'll take lutheranism over catholicism any day , 
  yea but you see , there is double the outrage for conservative church goers there . 
  that 's just `` tomorrowland '' as far as i know . 
  everyone else has finished cleaning their personal gear and are heading towards the cafe and you are still there washing the tank knowing that you still have to clean your personal gear after that . 
  no , they clearly wanted to do what they did with other countries outlined in the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  there are records of molotov saying that finland belongs to the ussr . 
  ahvenanmaa aka taffel factory island . 
  it looks completely different . 
  still requires knowing two things instead of one :p and it 's biased for finns . 
  some of the questions were odd , like the island question with \u00c5land as the answer . 
  it 's easier to answer that question by just knowing about finland than knowing about denmark . 
  wtf, 
  then the article just sucks . 
  like , why is the writer complaining about `` the cloud '' in the lead paragraph ? 
  kind of a hand wavy article , it does n't specify where the ibm servers were located . 
  in finland we use aws ( among other things ) for government agencies but we only use eu availability zones and the data is audited . 
  uh , that 's just hail . 
  it happens only during summer thunder storms . 
  hot air can contain more humidity before it condenses into clouds . 
  sea = cold air , land = warm air . 
  worst kind of snow to be honest : damp , moist , watery , heavy , not crunchy , not cold enough . 
  was quite the surprise when i walked out the door to get to work . 
  only saimaa is large enough i think . 
  nope . 
  25 + c is considered high . 
  20-25 is normal . 
  like in sweden ? 
  it 's not like we get posted to some military unit after training . 
  it 's only 165 days for 50 % of conscripts , double that amount for the rest and it 's just training . 
  first two months : individual combat training , next two months : specialization , final two months : training to fight as part of a bigger unit . 
  what a clickbait title by bbc . 
  or did nobody pass me the memo that says `` swedish comedian emma knyckare '' is the same as `` sweden '' ? 
  anyway , i 'm 95 % sure that this wo n't happen due to discrimination laws in sweden . 
  now we 're splitting hairs . 
  it does in a sense that ( in finland at least ) you see a complete slice of your own demographic , so you can be more prepared dealing with all kinds of dumbasses later on in life . 
  also in finland we can get study credits from nco and co school lessons , though not much and it greatly varies depending on what you study in university/applied sciences school . 
  but that 's about it . 
  most finns like conscription . 
  what you read about it on reddit , like that it 's bad and shameful , is in the minority . 
  i can imagine it can taste weird in other countries , but as you can see in the graph , finnish water pipes and water itself is really high quality . 
  edit : that came out wrong . 
  i mean that i 'm probably biased . 
  `` better '' , yes . 
  but does it matter at all in practise ? 
  iron in water is n't a concern unless it makes it taste bad . 
  people take iron pills for anemia , it does n't kill them . 
  it does n't matter health wise if the water contains iron . 
  what do you think happens when people take iron pills for anemia ? 
  i suggest you visit catherine palace 30 km outside of petersburg in a town called pushkin . 
  what on earth is `` uralic protestant '' . 
  why is finland uralic protestant when it was sweden who did the northern crusade into finland and eventually turned protestant ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  i hear switzerlake is nice this time of the year . 
  yes . 
  finnish mobile market is so competitive that prices for pretty much all plans are at the rock bottom . 
  this means that the roaming fees that telecoms abroad charge from elisa ( for example ) are sky high compared to what it would cost in finland . 
  this is essentially why some companies can apply for exemption . 
  for the record , i think all finnish telecoms wanted drastically lower cap on the roaming fees that the eu imposed . 
  do n't bash british beer , fuller 's esb is the best . 
  https://i.imgur.com/wtdnnwe.gif instead could you stop with that fucking stupid `` joke '' ? 
   swedish/norwegian/danish yeah , good luck getting finns aboard then . 
  95 % of our population does n't speak any of those as their native language . 
  anecdote : every time i 've been drinking with a mixed nordic group , the language use has devolved from the use of english to a mix of swenorskish even though i have explicitly asked if we could speak english since otherwise i would n't understand them . 
  kind of a dick move imo . 
  wait , you could n't own or buy firearms in czechia before ? 
  as long as the official language of the union is either finnish or english . 
  not showing up is different from refusing to treat liver cirrhosis though . 
  how about no . 
  public healthcare is awesome . 
  because ketchup is sweeter :p, 
  look delicious . 
  ... saint john ? 
  what . 
  this is literally the first time i hear/read someone using the christian cover up story for midsummer :p, 
  it 'll still wear down faster due to cars driving on it . 
  wtf, 
  that 's like asking `` do you have broadleaf trees ? '', 
  sounds like their asphalt mix sucks . 
  edit : looking at the pic , why does n't the road have any small rocks in it ? 
  finnish asphalt roads are quite rough since they have big chunks of gravel in them but at least they do n't melt at those temperatures and last the winters quite well . 
  it 's not extreme , the whole post is sarcastic . 
  what we consider really warm is 25 + c. 
  op was simply being sarcastic , referring to the other pics where it 's like 43 c in portugal and spain . 
  shut up bert . 
  spike ? 
  right now ? 
  in finland ? 
  right now the temperatures are way below averages . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant the pre ww 2 borders , not pre great northern war borders . 
  since you are the voice of reason in this : why did the flood only erode and scrape the top soil off only in northern europe and not in central europe ? 
  sure i do , i have him tagged with res . 
  you are trolling , right ? 
  well obviously the town has been there for centuries , but finland started to heavily industrialize during and after ww 2 . 
  so a lot of towns expanded greatly during 1950-1970 , and it 's pretty apparent when you look at the style of buildings . 
  never . 
  saimaa lake is so large that it does n't flood . 
  both molded by the receding ice of the ice age , right ? 
  or you could just buy our amv amos . 
  must suck ass then . 
  i have a hay fever as well ( and i 'm allergic to most animals too ) but as long as i keep popping cetirizine pills i 'm mostly fine .
