  earlier most of the comments were like how rude and awful it was . 
  people in this thread , you got ta remember that people in northern europe have quite thick skins and satire like this is perfectly fine . 
  it would be nice to see how much the amount of immigrants/refugees/other foreigners went up during that time too . 
  for all we know , the amount might 've gone up 1000 % and the harrasments `` only '' 820 % . 
  did you know that cutting grass in finland is covered by the collective bargaining agreement of real estate business ? 
  i should 've known that when i was a kid , i should 've charged my dad 50 euros per hour + vat for lawn mowing consultancy . 
  kaliningrad would like to have a word with you . 
  teutonic order would like to have a word with you . 
  does n't count then , 
  it 's like she could drive in a bumper car arena with her scooter ( and her bumpers ) . 
  the reason for why many immigrants and refugees from africa and middle east do n't have jobs , is bluntly due to the fact that they do n't possess any of the skills required in the nordic labour market . 
  the few highly educated people will probably get jobs , but then there are loads of people with little to no education , which means they 're 10 years behind everyone in the swedish society . 
  this is the first time i hear that . 
  what a silly thing to say . 
  you ca n't just define what a `` true american '' in a cultural sense is and then say that this guy is n't american . 
  i 'm not sure what the stamps are trying to tell me . 
  amateurs bring beer . 
  the savings vs. weight ratio is n't that good . 
  real pro 's bring long drinks , cider and booze , 
  actually , since last week the state media has been `` warning '' about an imminent leak that `` is an attack by the western powers against putin '' . 
  it was two or three years ago , must 've visited that only systembolaget then . 
  just a heads up that one of those partners has really strong connections to tobacco industry : http://www.tobaccotactics.org/index.php/institute_of_economic_affairs i 'd take that index with a huge pinch of salt . 
  edit : also , i do n't really get why we ( finland ) got worse points than sweden . 
  systembolaget is a much worse place than what we have , the alko . 
  you ca n't even handle the bottles in a systembolaget , you have to go to a counter and tell the cashier what you want and they 'll bring it to you . 
  like in some pharmacy . 
  most definitely . 
  next thing you know that said weak person will flail his gun around during every argument he 'll have . 
  because you can get some really awesome tenderloin cuts there . 
  til patriotism = = excessive flailing of your country 's flag, 
  i really doubt swedes go to work at seven . 
  normal work day is from 8 to 16 as far as i know . 
  not all . 
  austria inherited bohemia and stayed independent from the german empire with an empire of their own . 
  edit : typo, 
  well no shit . 
  consider for few seconds how easy it is to conduct a terror attack and then consider to what lengths you need to go to prevent such attacks . 
  why not \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i left it out since it 's not used as `` yes '' in spoken language . 
  even less so than `` niin '' . 
  there 's this thing called * evidence * . 
  you ca n't simply sentence people based on how you feel . 
  as far as i know there was no evidence that indicated that he cut a living person 's head off . 
  feel free to correct me . 
  law and courts do n't operate based on guesses and what you might not know . 
  there 's no persze , but `` perse '' which means ass . 
  though i guess pronunciation is close . 
  you can also say : * niin * kyl * joo * juu * jep * jees random tidbit : hungarian `` igen '' is the same as `` again '' in swedish . 
  well to be honest , his war crime was desecrating a corpse . 
  it 's not that serious in the grand scheme of things . 
  cash peasants . 
  i have n't seen a shop that did n't have a card since 2008 , and that was in the middle of nowhere in a camp in the finnish defence forces . 
  without us europe would have zero balls . 
  it helps that majority of the popular culture is in english . 
  i started learning english on third grade ( 9 yo ) , but i already knew some stuff due to me playing lots of games like fallout . 
  wind from north pole says hi . 
  it 's against the idea of the law . 
  i do n't know . 
  the na lobsters could be susceptible to diseases the native species are n't . 
  if they take over the habitats of the native lobsters and if we get another crayfish plague we 'll have nothing :\\, 
  based on what metric ? 
  edit : i 'd say helsinki university is the most prestigious . 
  aalto might be the most prestigious when it comes to engineering , but i would n't say it 's the most prestigious university . 
  do n't worry , we have those too . 
  russia founded the republic of karelia and we still have the finnish side of karelia . 
  we finns are n't outraged because of that . 
  revising history on the other hand is fucked up , but you should instead direct your efforts to stopping that instead of making the general public focus on the name dispute . 
  90 % of finnish forests are managed , so it 's not like we have n't used them as a source of raw materials for industry before . 
  what 's the point ? 
  do you want greece to adopt macedonia ? 
  why do you want 100 % exclusive rights to the name of the region in which fyrom currently is in ? 
  i do n't honestly get it . 
  the last letter of fyrom even stands for macedonia . 
  i ca n't be bothered to say the whole thing so i just say macedonia . 
  simple . 
  everyone over here says macedonia . 
  farms are usually inherited , it 's not like every farmer has to buy his own harvester , tractor , house and other facilities . 
  and besides , tractors used for plowing fields are n't that costly as far as i know . 
  sure if you buy some ridiculous huge ass tractors , you 'll pay close to 100k . 
  please , how did eu support it ? 
  it 's nasty even with coffee . 
  there are these things called banks where you can get loans . 
  applies for kymenlaakso as well . 
  how would i know ? 
  did i say anything that pointed to that ? 
  i did not . 
  i just pointed out that the word being offensive is n't due to `` american negative baggage '' . 
  the word `` neger '' comes from french , and now it 's used as an offensive term in swedish . 
  it has nothing to do with america and blacks living there . 
  the word just underwent the same process as some of today 's offensive words ( retarded , idiot and so on ) . 
  germany , we need to talk ... 
  seriously though : it 's wonderful to be able to check street view before you drive to somewhere where you have n't been before . 
  much easier to navigate when you know what to look for . 
  old buildings look nice on the outside but they 're usually really awful on the inside when it comes to functionality of spaces for modern needs . 
  fyi , that was because in 2010 or so they reduced the funding for refreshment courses for a five year period . 
  i was in karpr in 2008-2009 and the first time i got to a refreshment course was last year . 
  i tried to go there once . 
  it was packed . 
  went somewhere else . 
  i heard it 's great if you like czech beers .
