  enforce all people to have hussar wings on their bicycles . 
  it had lots of bugs when it was new . 
  one of said bugs caused a complete file system corruption . 
  was n't really fun to get your phone bricked randomly . 
  did n't those tax breaks end this year ? 
  well then my point stands : oh shut up . 
  there 's nothing americanized about it , you 're just looking for a reason to be angry at america . 
  okay , i thought you were agreeing that it was `` americanized bullshit that we have national trees birds minerals condiments and diet cokes '' . 
  the russian doctrine is n't that effective that everything is hopeless . 
  i mean , look at ukraine . 
  they 're holding just fine . 
  what are you saying ? 
  are you asking if tier 3 networks ( isps ) have to pay tier 2 networks in order for them to route your data across their network ? 
  yes . 
  that is how it has worked always . 
  tier 3 pays tier 2 money so that they can use their network , and tier 2 pays tier 1 in order to use their network . 
  tier 1 networks have deals with other tier 1 networks so that everyone can route their packets across their networks in the end . 
  yeah , they seem to be taking r\u00f6ntgen pics since the older woman is wearing a lead apron . 
  yeah . 
  completely normal among old women over here , especially closer to the russian border . 
  it makes all these soldiers of odin people who shout `` get that fucking scarf off your head '' to immigrants even more funny . 
  it does n't mean that . 
  it means that 90 % of new products contain ** something animal based ** . 
  that means milk , gelatin ( used in yogurt , candies and so on ) and meat along with other stuff . 
  you 're thinking of vegetarian food . 
  vegan is different . 
  my point is that they never `` went back to making rubber boots '' since they never stopped making the boots . 
  the company that makes the boots has been its own company since 1990 and since 2005 it has been owned by berner ltd. 
  nokian jalkineet is not the same company as nokia the telcom company . 
  they make the best goddamn rubber boots btw . 
  so what ? 
  you live in a house regardless . 
  two weeks done , one week to go . 
  that looks awful . 
  what 's bleak is russia 's track record when it comes to leaders . 
  that 's even more fucked up . 
  the point is that we use more and more natural resources . 
  lower latency is one of the major points of 5g too . 
  crazy ? 
  there 's a very distinct difference between double i and i. 
  i heard they were made by prison inmates ( so not unemployed people like you said ) , and that working with the m\u00f6lkky company is part of their rehabilitation . 
  company that 's not trying to fill its pockets with money must be one retarded company . 
  finland does n't have planned economy , it 's not like you can tell private companies to do business with someone else instead . 
  yeah , fuck us because we happen to be next to russia , am i right ? 
  no we are n't , the food circle/plate is the new shit . 
  you just need to know how much to eat . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  vegan or vegetarian ? 
  for example , did you ever have kes\u00e4keitto at school ? 
  that 's delicious and does n't have any meat in it . 
  nobody except you is talking about eating `` greens alone '' . 
  uh ... vegetarian food does have fat and sugar . 
  have you heard of berries or fruits ? 
  they tend to be rather sweet ( hint : it 's because of the sugar in them ) . 
  fat intake can be satisfied with some vegetable based oil like olive oil , rape seed oil etc. ... edit : and since this is only about vegetarian food , you can eat cheeses to get the needed fats . 
  or drink some fatty milk straight out of cows udders . 
  what ? 
  surely you 're joking ? 
  yes , it 's a classic love-hate lunch in schools . 
  at least when i was in school . 
  eh ... are you seriously saying that you did n't have any days in school when you had lunch that did n't have a bit of meat ? 
  whoa . 
  humans are omnivorous ?!, 
  never would 've guessed that . 
  i do n't see you complaining due to lingonberry-rye-porridge days in school . 
  rockets ? 
  what ? 
  it 's not like it 's the first time they lost to vikings . 
  that newspaper must be full of idiots . 
  probably has something to do with cheap prices in greece along with poor exchange rate of the russian rouble . 
  in finland we have this term for these kinds of russians that act like idiots : vitun ryss\u00e4 . 
  which netflix ? 
  apparently it was : http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-2000001204571.html, 
  the state would supply them anyway . 
  so basically : the shooter was ... financially challenged and he won 200 000 euros with some lottery ticket few years back . 
  then he wired 71 thousand euros to his wife 's bank account . 
  in the end the guy went bankrupt and he was foreclosed ( sp ? ), 
  and he had to use his winnings to pay his debts . 
  this also included the 71 thousand on his wifes bank account , which basically disappeared from it . 
  this apparently drove the shooter over the edge . 
  according to national bureau of investigation it was an illegal automatic gun of some sort . 
  edit : it was a stolen rk-62 , the guy had eight full magazines in his house : http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-2000001204571.html, 
  nice idea , needs more zoomed out panning above the continent though . 
  now you can go to tallinn and buy kuradima palju viina . 
  it 's not any more pagan than may day or our independence day is . 
  it does n't look very polished though . 
  i 'd wager to say that most finns do n't care where you 're from when it comes to receiving support from the state , instead most care if you pay your taxes . 
  that only applies to local city busses , not intercity busses . 
  does it include sitting on someone 's face ? 
  wait . 
  you do n't hail the busses in stockholm ? 
  i 'd rather not die kthx . 
  it 's a pretty new flavour . 
  reminds me of this one time i went to a student party and bought a glass of the most expensive whisky they had , i got a licorice pipe and a smoking jacket with it too . 
  as a programmer : who the fuck designs a maps page where you can not zoom by using your mouse scroll wheel ? 
  i literally meant three rooms ( so usually two bedrooms , lounge/living room + kitchen + bathroom ) , not three bedrooms . 
  i 'm having hard time believing that . 
  there has to be some sort of hard outer shell , like wood or brick . 
  surely your building code ca n't be that lax ? 
  what the fuck .
