  it still is n't a technical spec . 
  it 's a simple broad term describing the thing that comes after 4g . 
  what it is is n't defined yet . 
  so how can you roll out something that is n't defined yet ? 
  ireland is the first to roll out their imaginary standard of 5g ? 
  there is no 5g spec , this is just marketing fluff . 
  well i would n't say that about hoas apartments :d, 
  and my apartment 's radiator pipes are still cold ... edit : fuck , heating is actually broken . 
  people can get housing benefits on top of that and the amount depends on your rent . 
  bullshit map is bullshit . 
  even the wikipedia page that lists the same numbers lacks any real sources . 
  only `` news '' with no sources at all . 
  ah , did you mean that * unemployed * immigrants suck ? 
  still a bit of a broad statement . 
  holy generalization batman . 
  what the actual fuck are you babbling about ? 
  because ** the pope has no control over the purgatory ** . 
  makkaraiset , those bastards . 
  i just outright tell my work mates that i wo n't respond until i 'm back at the office . 
  yup . 
  it was the best quality youtube link i could find though . 
  here 's a video of the incident btw : https://youtu.be/8ogukx-smya?t=16s imho the guy is clearly a violent idiot who does n't think about the next five to ten seconds before he acts . 
  drop kicking someone to the ground is n't something a sane finn would do just because someone spits on your feet . 
   i 'm not on the killer 's side , but the victim was n't entirely clean either so what are you trying to say then ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  that two years is okay because the `` victim was n't entirely clean either '' ? 
  or did you just want to say something ? 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  the brain hemorrhage is pretty damn clearly due to the hit on the head as the victim fell . 
  yup , see video : https://youtu.be/8ogukx-smya?t=16s, 
  redditor for two months , no comments and just `` news '' posts of some sort . 
  scetchy . 
  it 's the nuts 2 region map . 
  * finnish, 
  you better get your eyes ( or monitor ) checked , they are n't blonde by a long shot . 
  no he does n't . 
  people living in turku . 
  we came in second place so to speak . 
  depends on the mix . 
  in russia arctic diesel is mixed so that it gels up at -50 c. 
  no , they 're there for protecting the shrubbery and soil from being destroyed by the people who walk there . 
  source : someone who was born with a brain in a small town and moved to helsinki . 
  it probably wo n't but it would at least do something for other people like you trying to get that job . 
  be the change you want to happen , report them and they 'll probably stop asking that in the future . 
  so tell us , how is limiting media access to what happens inside the parliament building a pro-democracy thing ? 
  how can you decide who to vote on if the media is n't allowed to report what speeches and statements various mps give ? 
  she 's 30 years younger than the president , why would she want to look any younger than less than 40 yo ? 
  grandma hair ? 
  what ? 
  no it 's not . 
  completely ordinary everyday hair . 
  am i correct in assuming that the choreography was mostly just walking or standing still ? 
  :p my gf was part of the `` squad '' once . 
  wait , it has choreography ? 
  over here the lucia just walks through the hallways of the school during some class and we went out to watch her . 
  at least in my school . 
  you are full of shit . 
  til virile can only be used with men . 
  what 's the word for describing a sexually energetic woman then ? 
  unprocessed organic spaghetti in its most basic form . 
  just because she 's singing in swedish does n't make her not-finnish . 
  we just held our own saint st. lucia 's day and sang in really bad swedish . 
  say what ? 
  no good damn sites ? 
  eu can fuck off with its gun restrictions . 
  i just read it off the internet , could n't remember the actual temp . 
  but yes , you are correct . 
  you can do it without syrup too , just leave the potatoes at 50 deg c for some hours . 
  i prefer to use syrup though since i ca n't always get the potatoes to sweeten up for some reason :\\, 
  honestly though , the syrup is essential too since we 're talking about sweetened potato casserole . 
  that research is only about malaysia , mongolia , philippines and thailand . 
  i would n't draw any conclusions from that when it comes to education in finland . 
  as an anecode , i never really noticed any kind of different treatment when it came to girls vs boys in school . 
  family background influenced things a lot more imo . 
  of course but what i originally meant that i do n't believe boys perform worse ( on average ) because there are more female teachers . 
  girls doing better that boys in school -  more girls in high schools ( lukio in finnish ) -  more women in universities -  more women teachers . 
  you also need a masters degree and pedagogic studies if you want to be a teacher in finland . 
  just because there 's correlation between those two things does n't mean that one causes the other . 
  having more women teachers could just as well be ~ ~ a cause ~ ~ due the fact that girls do better in school . 
  more girls and women pursuing higher academic studies -  more women teachers . 
  what the fuck dude . 
  the naked guy with the axe is belarussian . 
  http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/naked-guy-with-axe if we 're gon na do a circle jerk at least try to keep to the facts . 
  does it really matter if teachers are female or male ? 
  whatever works for them . 
  pensions funds are kinda important to people , so whatever keeps the fund going is good . 
  i guess you 're a graduate from the school of life ? 
  i bow to your supreme intellect . 
  sooo kalmar union mk 2 when ? 
  i would n't be surprised if the eu banned burning firewood in homes or ... * gasp * saunas !, 
  i went there in may or so . 
  it was closed and i just circled the building :\\ ( i actually do n't know if they allow tourists in , it 's probably open only on sundays ), 
  konfessionsfreie = no religion ? 
  it 's actually trampling a saber ( you know , an eastern style sword ) . 
  more specifically : vaara is an old eastern finnish dialect word for a rocky hill that are only found in eastern finland . 
  i honestly doubt the airforce and defence ministry is going to look at the price too much . 
  the airforce is quite small and we have relatively few but well trained pilots so it makes sense to get the best performing fighter with no regard to the cost . 
  maintenance needs and systems will probably matter more than the up front costs . 
  a forward observation team can spot a target 30 seconds at best ( minute is considered the absolute minimum requirement when training ) . 
  amos can do a fire mission in less than three seconds of parking the vehicle and i 'm guessing same goes for the mechanized artillery pieces .
