  if anything , the rich people live in downtown helsinki , in kruununhaka or something , where a 70 square meter apartment costs up to a million . 
  well no , then you 'd probably go to jail for endangering other people . 
  so , how often does the uk have a coalition government ? 
  in finland it 's a coalition every time , i guess that 's not the case in uk ? 
  to add to that : we use the word `` tuoppi '' when speaking of a mug/glass of beer . 
  protip : do * not * break the law in finland . 
  source : someone who does n't blame the state for my own speeding . 
  would n't it be best to not to break the law in the first place ? 
  no , we just think you 're an idiot . 
  that is not the job of the police . 
  they do n't prioritize wealthier areas , they prioritize areas where the risk of speeding is high . 
  some are , some are n't . 
  some tents had double layers , but some did n't . 
  only real way to keep water out is to heat the tent with a stove though . 
  ca n't see how that 's worse than being in the army :p, 
  maybe it 's because of me and my hangover , but i do n't get your point . 
  i do n't see any problem with that . 
  at least it 's an outhouse . 
  imagine being in the army and being in a forest when it 's -20 c and you have to take a shit . 
  the headline of that `` news '' is fucked up . 
  the text after it says `` three quarters of respondents in a new yle online survey say they 're against finland ** increasing ** work-based immigration . '', 
  emphasis by me . 
  the context kinda implied that it would be livonian ... nevermind then . 
  til i can read livonian language . 
  it 's not the end of the world ( hopefully ) . 
  that apple thing is wrong . 
  if you want to quote the guy , at least quote him word by word . 
  he never said that apple conspired with the us . 
  what he said was more along the lines of `` nokia failed because apple became huge '' , with the emphasis on the fact that nokia did n't adapt fast enough . 
  realtime visualization of the results as counting of the votes continues : http://vaalit.yle.fi/results/2015/parliamentary_election/?candidates_##vaalipallo, 
  this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa, 
  i should 've used another word there , but weird in the sense that i agree with them on some issues and then disagree on some pretty major issues to me . 
  i ca n't really get a clue what they are striving for . 
  paavo arhinm\u00e4ki 's face is on the bus stops in helsinki and it says `` smaller class sizes '' and i 'm like `` well uh , sure of course . 
  everyone wants that '' . 
  meanwhile i do n't really know what their foreign policies are like or anything . 
  i blame myself on that though , have n't really researched their agenda , but every poll machine says that the left alliance is n't that close to my values . 
  they 're retarded . 
  you mean left alliance ? 
  hell no . 
  they are just ... weird . 
  i agree with them on some issues , but on some other issues i 'm completely the opposite . 
  and i still do n't know who to vote for . 
  edit : allow me to elaborate . 
  i 'd probably vote for the green party if they ... well , were n't the green party . 
  i do n't like their fundamentalist approach to nuclear power . 
  second option is the pirate party , but i really hate their name and some of the people that are in the party . 
  there are loads of idiots in it that seem to think it 's some kind of a game and give some really retarded sounding election promises . 
  the name and the idiots in the party really hurt the image of the party . 
  thus if i vote for the pirate party i 'd practically be casting my vote down the drain . 
  oh look , it 's you again . 
  the french flaunting his frenchness with his cool azerty keyboard . 
  small population and good education play their parts here i think . 
  got ta somehow attract people to become professional soldiers and not pursue some other field . 
  this is starting to sound like the plot of call of duty 4 . 
  well fuck me , i suppose i truly am surrounded by idiots . 
  i 'm going to need some sources on that 70 % claim . 
  that looks scary as fuck . 
  i hope the seatbelts are good and there is a reinforced roll cage . 
  the cats might burn noses and other exposed skin parts , but the fur coat acts as an insulator . 
  they do n't probably even feel the steam . 
  either with my gf or with rest of the men ( as in : dad , brother ) . 
  not with my gf 's mother . 
  my mistake . 
  cheers . 
  i 'll just say why i like it and why i go to sauna , other finns might have differing opinions . 
  why 1 : i like how the hot steam briefly stings the skin when you throw water on the rocks . 
  it relaxes muscles and gives a similar sense of euphoria like after exercising/sports activity . 
  it unwinds you so to speak . 
  why 2 : my parents and my gf 's family have separate sauna cottages that have `` living rooms '' , basically a separate room from the sauna and shower room that has a table , fridge , fireplace and so on . 
  i love sitting there during sauna and talk and socialize with other people who are at the sauna too . 
  why 3 : and of course , i get to drink my precious sauna beer . 
  nothing beats an ice cold beer after a hot sauna . 
  this is also why sauna sessions might last long . 
  one time with my friends we were at the sauna for six hours , though if i recall correctly , the kiuas ' fire went out after initial two . 
  but we stayed in the jacuzzi . 
  this was in the middle of winter , so it was really nice in that sense too , you could sit in the hot tub while there was powder snow on the ground and it was snowing . 
  regarding the electricity bill , i do n't know . 
  i 'd guess heating an electric sauna stove few times a week is about the same as what i spend on my computer 's electricity . 
  the electric sauna heaters powers range from 5-10 kw i 'd imagine . 
  but i prefer my sauna 's to be heated with wood . 
  electric ones tend to produce a more stingy l\u00f6yly , because the heating elements tend to be exposed among the rocks on the stove . 
  with a wood burning stove this rarely is a problem . 
  edit : do n't know about norwegians and swedes and their sauna customs , except that the people living in sweden 's norrland are like us when it comes to sauna . 
  as in that they like to get naked , drunk and go to sauna . 
  game of the year . 
  and this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc-qshkr2dy it seems that he actually is from somewhere in ~ ~ lapland ~ ~ northern ostrabothnia , that * still * explains a lot . 
  is that a real question ? 
  edit : just wondering if i should bother writing an elaborate answer to why we go to sauna or not , 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yanis_varoufakis#valve_corporation i think he already is quite well off . 
  you do n't need to cover the whole border with military troops , modern warfare does n't work like that . 
  especially so in finland , where most of the terrain consists of forests . 
  we are n't a threat , no , but we can say fuck 'em if we feel like it . 
  true , but the purpose is that it shows respect . 
  but if you go talk to a senior officer , you do n't address him by `` herra '' after the initial `` herra kersantti '' , you can just address him by using `` te '' . 
  it is n't . 
  just say `` se '' when speaking of a third person . 
  just a small correction : using `` te '' is very much alive in the finnish defence forces , it 's the same as saying `` sir '' . 
  yup , i suppose we have more use for them :p, 
  i do n't really care if it 's another epr fiasco , since fusion power is exotic new tech .
