  you think that 's slow ? 
  source : i 'm an nco of a forward observation team . 
  but but he wants to be * right * !, 
  but the music is really cringy :\\, 
  the shape of the forts was a direct response to the introduction of gunpowder weapons . 
  if they were shaped like that the defenders could shoot at any point by the wall . 
  otherwise the wall would act as a defilade and the defenders would be unable to shoot at the attackers close by the wall . 
  seems to be behind a paywall on mobile but it was visible on my desktop ... not sure if it 's due to some addon i have . 
  according to the proper subreddit our stat would be 8.967 . 
  a bright light helps best . 
  it 's water most likely . 
  at least in helsinki there has been this constant drizzle/misty rain the whole week . 
  agreed . 
  the translator seems to have been pretty ignorant when it comes to names of places . 
  edit : the names were crowdsourced it seems . 
  it 's due to their constitution that states that norway is indivisible . 
  kappa is an old measure of volume , what 's so special about that ? 
  i do n't think the populations between prehistoric finland and sweden mingled that much , the baltic sea is quite a large barrier , so it makes sense that we are n't the same . 
  think of it as a winter market . 
  `` this '' as in what i said earlier ? 
   oh god . 
  swedish empire mk . 
  i was merely referring to this : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/locationswedishempire.png you dumb fuck . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  oh god . 
  swedish empire mk . 
  i was joking . 
  hence the , 
  we 're just # 1 in sustainable growth , 
  google maps will take ferries and other means of transportation into account ** if and only if the transit provider sends their timetable data to google ** . 
  otherwise they 'll just use data from various sources ( like crowd sourced gps data from android phones ) . 
  for example helsinki city bus timetables and routes are on google maps . 
  you have n't heard of dj orion ? 
  only if you keep the size of the building the same . 
  so how easy was it to install phone lines ? 
  ethernet cables ? 
  modern plumbing ? 
  are the rooms spacious for office use ? 
  do you have enough space for office desks ? 
  i was talking about office buildings and shops , the buildings / u/kvalitum posted . 
  believe it or not , if you want offices and other places where people work , old buildings really suck for it . 
  the old central railway station in helsinki is one prime example , the offices in it are really crappy by modern standards . 
  nokia most definitely is n't a full * 100 % * english speaking company . 
  why would you think that all the finns working together would speak english ? 
  needs more jpg, 
  the map is missing either the 3500 - 3999 bracket or the legend for it . 
  is it really a miniseries ? 
  we had the whole movie on vhs . 
  art is anal fungus . 
  because they 'll net you more karma . 
  from the side bar of / r/latestagecapitalism  philosophy  this subreddit has its roots in broad-based anti-capitalist thought , with an underlying marxist tendency that is steeped in intersectionalist critical theory . 
   when it comes to proposed alternatives to capitalism , it is the general consensus of this subreddit that the contradiction between capital and labour must be eliminated ; the working class should own and control the means of production . 
  we call this socialism . 
  i 'm all for regulating markets but i 'm not sure taking investors out of the picture is a good thing . 
  well okay , i 'll bite . 
  how exactly would socializing the means of production help or even work ? 
  you know , you could just regulate it and not socialize the means of production . 
  like how we do it over here in the north . 
  how is it a fitting post ? 
  you really think most people want full blown socialism ? 
  yea do n't post that shithole here , it 's full of delusional first year social science folks . 
  emergency reserve includes basically anyone less than 60 years old who has done armed service . 
  but they 'd be cannon fodder though , they do n't have training for newest equipment nor do we even have enough rifles for that many people . 
  i do n't get the finnish flag redesign . 
  300 a month ? 
  for health insurance ? 
  that 's like 10x what i pay for my whole insurance package . 
  sauna pondering is like shower thoughts to the power of thousand . 
  i 'm guessing the chicken had the salmonella when it laid the egg ? 
  i 'm sure there is some salmonella infected chicken egg orbiting around the sun somewhere between earth and mars . 
  never have heard of anyone getting salmonella from an egg . 
  sounds like he knows how to party . 
  maybe i have just played too much eu 4 , but in that game whole germany is so forested that it 's not a plain . 
  though naturally the modern day is a different thing . 
  til witcher 3 takes place next to the mediterranean sea . 
  would north germany truly be part of the `` plain '' ? 
  yeaaaah i 'm gon na go with / u/maximhar on this one . 
  shit , we need lebensraum . 
  first organism ? 
  something along these lines : https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/6qgxwz/new_theory_suggests_life_wasnt_a_fluke_of_biology/, 
  well , i try to cycle at least 14 km every other day . 
  winters are another story though . 
  3-4 times a week ? 
  i ai n't got time for that :p, 
  primordial soup , billions of years of evolution . 
  but what has that got to do with anything ? 
  you ca n't be serious and think that god made everything in six days , can you ? 
  coming to finland to buy booze . 
   everyone goes to sauna together . 
  that is an exaggeration though . 
  the great commandment could be interpreted as condoning it . 
  it does n't necessarily mean `` being gay is okay '' , but it can be interpreter that jesus and god would be okay with it . 
  because it does n't matter in the end as long as you love the god with all your heart and your neighbour as you love yourself  that 's the essence of modern day lutheran church in finland from my point of view . 
  i like to think that people nowadays are smarter than people who lived 2000 years ago and that the church can decide for itself . 
  i was n't looking for a serious conversation to be honest . 
  i have n't seen those in like ... 15 years or so . 
  i do n't really care . 
  church has its uses but it 's a bit too weird for me . 
  nordic countries = = lutheran countries = = socialism = = best countries in the world ? 
  erroneous ?
