  but if i forget to take it just for one day the resistance weakens quite a bit . 
  i just meant that `` does the op have such a bad hay fever that antihistamine does n't help anymore ? '', 
  antihistamine does n't help anymore ? 
  i take it that it started as something reservists did ? 
  yes . 
  statistically speaking schools only get the best out of men if there are only 10 % women . 
  if you encourage both sexes to apply equally , the field will get best from both . 
  i 'm not saying quotas or anything , i 'm simply saying that they should be encouraged to apply and study stem fields more . 
  the thing is , in finland at least women see stem fields as men 's fields . 
  they do n't even try to apply to study computer science for example or try to be good at studies that would help them get in stem fields in universities . 
  when i started studying computer science there were only like less than 10 women out of 130 students . 
  that definitely is a problem . 
  yes , few millions out of almost 7 billion euros is miniscule . 
  wer 're talking about less than a percent of the funds . 
  he was talking about how immigration `` causes many other issues in economy and safety of people '' . 
  not what people think is important ( and it is n't that important in my opinion ) . 
  overall safety is unchanged ( shit , i was more concerned about walking past the isam maan puolustajat that were camping next to the `` right to live '' camp on rautatientori in helsinki ) and economy is huge compared to what immigration costs . 
  economy is influenced by world economics above all else , government ca n't do much about that . 
  haha , no , not really . 
  immigration has a really , really miniscule amount of effect on the overall economy and policies . 
  brainfart , fixed . 
  thanks . 
  it 's funny , ncp and keskusta could form a majority coalition with the `` new alternative '' group . 
  it 's not really voice of the people if the government is working on a mandate they got 2 years ago and then mid way through their term the political leadership of 1/3 of the government ( the finns party ) changes completely . 
  it 's better this way . 
  90 % of `` people '' ? 
  us people you mean ? 
  it 's a trade off i 'd say . 
  how well people are represented vs. strong government . 
  tell us when to laugh . 
  and it 'd need to be still water . 
  not eurodance nor polish . 
  centrism is dead because of first past the post , and only that . 
  two major parties only ? 
  first past the post to blame ? 
  nowadays nothing really , i eat way too much during the day . 
  i was just saying that i do n't see it as a distinctive american franchise , except when it comes to the mayos and their names . 
  they have never sold them as `` foot long '' in finland , they 've always been to my knowledge 15 and 30 cm baguettes . 
  does n't hold up nowadays though . 
  is it ? 
  it 's a sandwich . 
  if i had to guess it would be danish since those bastards do n't eat warm lunches , only sm\u00f8rrebr\u00f8d . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  what ? 
  \u00c4 is totally a separate letter with it 's own sound . 
  at least in finnish :p, 
  but your hot water is probably heated geothermally , ca n't get much more economical than that , 
  research . 
  again , research . 
  it 's not like they 're trying to do a poc of some stealth plane . 
  edit : with that money you could hire 100 researchers and give each of them a budget of just a shy of 10 million euros . 
  1 billion is quite a lot for research purposes . 
  it 's not like you need to recruit thousands of people to do research , or manufacture loads of equipment . 
  heat pumps are more economical , are they not ? 
  so we in the north should just accept higher prices instead ? 
  ... no shower in the morning ? 
  do n't you sweat at all during your sleep ? 
  i 'd smell like ball sweat if i did n't shower in the morning even if i took a shower in the evening . 
  well good for you . 
  to get away from the city . 
  it 's probably the absolute minimum , worst possible grade for it . 
  they probably do a statistics study with a good sample . 
  how is it more weird than `` lesbian '' ? 
  did you miss that the map is about * females ' * preferences ? 
  i doubt your son can do 3 km in under 13 mins . 
  best grade from running in the finnish army for men is 3k km in cooper test ( 12 mins ) . 
  best of the best go well above that though . 
  well , i suppose it 's to be expected when most people get their info about army from movies and games . 
  goddamn , even the dutch king is high as a kite . 
  hell , higher than a kite . 
  but yeah , beer is our go to drink too . 
  is this before or after the renovation ? 
  i believe there is another door just left of the picture . 
  where the hell do you get 50 % for 4k ? 
  could you please do this form and show what on earth do you have to do to get the wage tax to 50 % http://prosentti.vero.fi/vpl2017/sivut/henkilotiedot.aspx edit : right , you said that from a company standpoint . 
  but yeah , if a company agrees to pay you 4000 euros before taxes , then the tax rate from the employee standpoint would be 25-30 % or something like that . 
   high taxation also means that you must have two masters degrees to form one average income middle class family . 
  maybe if you want to live in some posh area in helsinki ... 
  it was originally made in prussia though , 
  damn , that 's almost like the amber room in catherine palace near st. petersburg . 
  pro tip : save these kinds of few-colour images with . png format . 
  so if some french couple adopts a baby from china and raises the child as their own , is the child french or not ? 
  i 'd say yes , the child is french . 
  citizenship : revoked . 
  yeah , you can just go fuck yourselves . 
  what if i swam in a shirt and pants ? 
  would i get arrested there too ? 
  i mean , let people swim in whatever clothes they want , unless it 's a pool . 
  non us ascii symbols are n't rendered correctly . 
  i give it 3/10 . 
  yes , i agree that nowadays it is very ignorant at least . 
  well , older people tend to use it since it was the normal word back in the day . 
  please stop . 
  that grammatical case list is a good explanation for why finnish spell checking sucks in most programs : they use suffix lists , which work okay for languages that have very few suffix combinations . 
  does n't work for finnish which has a shit ton of them . 
  http://bigthink.com/strange-maps/214-the-blonde-map-of-europe not sure about the credibility of the map in that article . 
  this is why i know the words `` flytande tv\u00e5l '' . 
  to be honest , living in the dark nights of wintery lapland will drive anyone crazy . 
  this is why it 's considered best practice to notify local law enforcement if you go play airsoft in some forest or other place . 
  someone always calls the cops .
