  that 's cute . 
  president is n't a dictator , not even in a form of government with a strong executive branch ( like the us ) . 
  only the legislative branch ( senate , house ) of the government can actually do anything about it since that is the only branch of the government that can pass laws . 
  i do n't really understand why this has to be explained over and over again . 
  yup : http://www.oldcock.fi/ ( see the all caps text ), 
  i like going to those places and order everything in finnish . 
  my excuse is that i 'm encouraging them to learn finnish , but in reality i just like to complain that they do n't speak finnish in a service job in finland :\\, 
  i guess it also massively influences your chances on getting ( native finnish ) friends ? 
  i have a job thank you very much . 
  have had one on my field before i even finished by bachelor 's . 
  no contracts here and they are going out of style for most most average-or-better jobs due to all the public outrage against them . 
  okay , you are right . 
  you obviously want to be right since we have gone all the way from being an actual employee to being a contract worker . 
  depends on the employer . 
  in it field they really are n't . 
  my employer encourages people to disclose their salary on the company wiki ( about 30 % of people have disclosed theirs ) and the info also includes median and average wages per title and office location . 
  even the ceo posted his salary . 
  maybe in the free land of america where they can fire you for wearing a wrong coloured shirt . 
  it simply does n't work that way in most european countries as far as i know . 
  in the lutheran church all christians ( dead or alive ) are regarded as `` saints '' ( if you do n't believe that read a book ) . 
  in finland the day is about remembering the dead , like in poland for example . 
  customs are that you go and light a candle on your relative 's grave . 
  haha . 
  punished ? 
  what kind of a punishment would you get for disclosing your salary if you wanted to ? 
  what kind of punishment could a company even give you ? 
  a stern talk ? 
  well the company is over 200 people strong now and slack is n't cutting it anymore , so yea . 
  it 's needed for long term information . 
  it 's better than what i 've used before . 
  you can trial it as a service from atlassian if you want . 
  yeah , i know . 
  well ok , it 's confluence , not wiki . 
  why would that be illegal ? 
  it 's illegal for the employer to tell it , but your salary is your business and you can tell it to anyone you want in finland . 
  my workplace actually encourages people to disclose their salaries on the company wiki . 
  to add to this : in finland if 50 % or more of the workforce ( in some industry ) are members of a union , the agreements become legally binding for all workers , not just for those in the union . 
  so most industries have a de facto minimum wage . 
  i had the same question . 
  and still someone had downvoted you ... +1, 
  that looks like a normal soldier 's manual . 
  nowadays the notes are all online . 
  you ca n't just throw them away . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are `` penalties '' as in a note to your parents . 
  i like my daylight saving time . 
  otherwise sunrise in the middle of winter would occur at 10:30 instead of 09:30 . 
  i 'd be astonished if first graders did n't get homework where they have to practice writing letters and numbers . 
  yeah , the title is 50 % bullshit . 
  we do have homework . 
  kids have homework from first grade onward . 
  it 's awesome on pancakes . 
  you need to retake some history courses mate . 
  yup . 
  they corrected their error a week ago or so . 
  that 's as bad as the nobel prize committee listing martti ahtisaari ( a finnish president ) as a russian because he was born in the then finnish city of viipuri ( viborg ) . 
  they do ? 
  i thought it was up to a certain amount . 
  i really , really hope the stations and plugs are standardized and free so that we wo n't get different charging stations for different brands of cards . 
  butter and dill  olive oil , 
  how is it an incentive ? 
  they do n't pay the full rent and you do n't need the apartment anyway except on weekend leaves . 
  lies and slander . 
  nobody i know likes black coffee , except my gf 's mother . 
   low quality joke much like their roads . 
  blame the companies doing the clearcuts . 
   why do you think birthrates are so low in developed countries ? 
  because we do n't need children as labour or insurance for our old days anymore like we used to before industrialization . 
  women 's suffrage and their ability to work and educate themselves like men is a huge factor too . 
  get off the internet . 
  having nobel laurates does n't mean that the students are `` clever '' . 
  the guideline tells teachers to call the students by their names and not as boys and girls . 
  classes also are n't supposed to be girls or boys only ( like woodworking vs. working on fabrics [ halp , ca n't think of an english term for ` r\u00e4ttik\u00e4ss\u00e4 ' ] . 
  what you said has nothing to do with what the news is about . 
  and instead of boys or girls they should be called by their names . 
  the title is just asking for it honestly . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  spain needs an intervention . 
  plus eu will probably impose a tax on saunas that are heated up by burning wood -_- that would get people up in arms . 
  oh right . 
  yea i was thinking of bigger ( 1.5 - 2 dl ) mugs . 
  that 's not average . 
  average person i know drinks like one or two cups of coffee in the morning . 
  fyi , hyla does n't mean lactose free , it means that there 's less than 1 % of lactose in it . 
  there are lactose free variants though , but they are sold as `` lactose free '' and not as hyla . 
  i was under the impression that ussr government recognized the various countries ( finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania and so on . . ) breaking off from russia during the revolution ? 
  just normal drip brewed coffee with few teaspoons of milk . 
  it offsets the depressant effects of alcohol . 
  but seriously though , we have loads of different coffee brands on our store shelves ( though i must admit i usually drink paulig 's juhla mokka ), 
  that i do agree with , i just wanted to point out that saying the name that 99 % of finns use for the town is n't the real name is really pretentious . 
   nope , its real name is \u00c5bo oh fuck off . 
  so kinda like an additional test for maternity clinic visits ? 
  for the same reason we bury the dead . 
  at least people in finland see serving in the defence forces as something you just have to do ( like school ) so generally motivation is high . 
  imho the biggest factor for motivation is what kind of training they have . 
  if it 's stupid , simple stuff the people will get demotivated . 
  at least we kept that shit to minimum in the army and focused on things that mattered , like our proficiency at calling down artillery ( i think our patrol 's record was 30-40 seconds to send target coordinates to battery from setting up the observation post , that was crazy fast ) sure there are always some people who are slobs and ca n't do shit but they usually gravitate towards the easy jobs while in service . 
  yeah , we know . 
  do n't take the jokes too seriously , 
  met quite a lot of finns from somali families during my time in the finnish defence forces . 
  they were just like everyone else .
