yeah , our ( meaning americans ) racist party has a majority in congress . 
  duh , spite is the only way to get things done correctly !, 
  or is that sprite ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
   same here . 
  then i actually got to know more people outside of the echo chamber that is reddit and realized that maybe being a hateful asshole was n't healthy . 
  yeah , it 's one of those things that i 'm glad i picked up . 
  i feel bad for the people who rely on hate like a crutch . 
  there 's nothing cool about being an asshole . 
   this guy i used to be friends with did n't change . 
  he shared a story with me about going to a video game themed bar but could n't enjoy himself because there were `` ham planets '' dancing . 
  dude you went out and you were so disgusted by the sight of fat people dancing that you could n't enjoy yourself ? 
  like fuck dude . 
  imo , it 's people having fun and enjoying their lives that 's more offensive to people like him . 
  if they 're not tearing others down with him then they 're a target . 
  well , i hope most of them are kids . 
  i thought the same way the majority of the people in this thread when i was 16-18 . 
  then , as i matured , i understood that other people have had different and horrible experiences , and a lot of what 's being asked for by others is nothing terribly radical except to people who do n't care about anyone but themselves and others like them . 
  either that , or they 're angry , bitter adults who do n't even love themselves . 
  there 's a comment in here which bemoans how `` sjw blogs '' are always being congratulatory ( read : supportive ) of themselves and others . 
  the comment made me laugh because the person 's getting angry over other people supporting themselves . 
  because , hey , self-love is a terrible thing , amirite ? 
  he posts to racist , reactionary subs of the type that make most people cringe with embarrassment . 
  it 's best to ignore him and move on . 
  if you support homophobic policies then you 're a homophobe . 
  sorry ( not really ) that it carries a negative connotation , but if you want to deny same-sex couples the right to marry then that 's what you are . 
  i 'm saying that foreign tax collectors would be deeply unpopular with people , so they 'd be less likely to pay taxes and might actually get angry enough to riot . 
  shit . 
  i dropped the ball there . 
  yeah , the lack of spaces is a bit odd . 
  otherwise , it 's well written . 
  without being snarky , do you not use a space after punctuation in greek ? 
  your english is good , you get your point across , but the lack of spaces is jarring . 
  do n't worry , buddy . 
  americans know that feeling , too . 
  both our governments do dumb shit . 
  mmm , capitalism , it 's sweet when it 's going well , but do n't question it when it fucks up . 
  the further north you go , the further south you get . 
  though i 'd say central florida is pretty southern . 
  south florida is it 's own beast though . 
  yeah , because tax collectors , especially foreign tax collectors , are popular . 
  people will sit back as they 're hungry and foreign government agents take their money . 
  yep . 
  they 'll just pay their taxes . 
  ahh , that makes sense . 
  i know he was famous for his work before being president , but i had n't heard of anything he 'd done as president for poland . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think it 's completely unreasonable to think that the golden dawn or another far-right party might gain power if syriza is relived by the time elections come up . 
  i imagine / r/european has blueballs right now . 
  what the hell did hoover do for poland ? 
  i do n't think hoover did anything for america ? 
  as an american , i 've had a lot of different thoughts on obama , but ultimately i think he 's an above average president . 
  he 's no fdr or teddy roosevelt , but i think he 'll have left american in a better position than he found it . 
  like most politicians , he has been unable to fulfill all of his promises , but i think he 's made an attempt at the most important ones . 
  given the political climate in america , i 'm surprised he 's gotten anything passed . 
  sanders , imo , takes what makes obama good and goes further with it . 
  i think sanders will have to make hard calls , and i think he 'd have to betray some of his values as president , but there 's no one else i 'd rather have in the president 's chair than him . 
  as obama eluded to in [ this ] ( http://www.wtfpod.com/podcast/episodes/episode_613_-_president_barack_obama ) podcast , the american government has its own inertia that no one man can stop . 
  not sanders , not obama , not clinton . 
  i do n't expect sanders to do literally everything he wants to do , though i 'd love to see that happen . 
  i do n't even expect sanders to win ( though i wish he would ) . 
  but , hey , that 's politics . 
  it 's a morality play to some people , and politicians respond accordingly . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  other countries have suffered too - and that 's a major reason for the anger here - but greece 's situation is unworkable . 
  instead of saying `` well , let 's try something different for a better solution for everyone , '' people are saying `` fuck them , we had it hard , so they need to too . '', 
  there 's also political objections to a left party getting what they want , imo , but those are more high minded political concerns as opposed to the more populist concerns of people on this subreddit . 
  from what i 've seen / r/europe is full of people who want greece to suffer for fighting against austerity because their country did n't despite , it seems , almost everything agreeing that greece is fucked if they keep the current program . 
  the world 's so simple a five-year-old can understand it . 
  that 's why we do n't teach anyone to so basic things like taxes in school . 
  you 're assuming that everyone is looking from the same perspective that you are . 
  that 's why i called the loss of confidence a hidden danger . 
  we do not know how the greek debt situation will be looked at by the next time there 's an economic crisis . 
  we ca n't assume that our viewpoints will survive the next 5 , 10 , 15 years . 
  we do n't know what will happen . 
  if in 15 , 20 years the eu has fallen apart , my guess would be that the grexit will be seen as the beginning of the end . 
  there might be a hidden danger in that if a country is in financial trouble then it may feel threatened by `` europe '' if a country and its people ca n't feel `` safe '' then their confidence in the european project may fall , ultimately destorying the whole thing . 
  yeah , letting greece default may be popular right now , but that does n't mean it 's a good thing . 
  only time will tell though . 
  sadly , i do n't think a lot of people want to learn from those horrible events because they 're hard to face . 
  there are a lot of people who will deny the tragedies of the past because they just do n't want to hear about it . 
  they do not want to accept that humans are humans , and that we 're no more civilized than our ancestors . 
  they do not want to understand how their attitudes can contribute to a world that would allow another holocaust . 
  they 'd rather close their ears and pity the horrors of the past without learning how to truly fix the problem . 
  america and its race problem is a perfect example . 
  for a good 150 years now , americans have refused to truly confront slavery , white supremacy , and the damage that the two have done throughout the years . 
  they 'd rather close their ears and think that racism is in the past . 
  i forget who said it , may have just been a redditor , but if syriza fails then a far-right party is going to take its place . 
  granted , that 's not guaranteed , but i 'd be afraid of that happening . 
  what defines good though ? 
  is good being incredibly socially oppressive and keeping large minorities down to ensure the stability of the state ? 
  because that 's ( or at least can be ) good for the majority . 
  the dictator is , after all , trying to do the most good for the most amount of people . 
  or does being good mean not thinking about tomorrow and trying to take care of everyone today ? 
  or does being good mean ignoring today and thinking about not today but next week ? 
  there are legitimate criticisms of democracy , but people who look to a dictator in troubled times are only going to be bitten in the ass later . 
  and , besides , i do n't think chomsky is the best person to bring up when talking about why people choose dictatorships over monarchy considering that he is an anarchist . 
  `` if it affects me then i want it fixed . 
  otherwise , fuck 'em , things can stay the same . '', 
  - the brogressive motto .
