  i 'm not seen as a trophy to be won by women . 
  there are issues that men face . 
  i do n't disagree with that , but women get rammed by society much worse than men do . 
  of course , i ca n't speak for women , or racial minorities , or for lgbt groups because i am none of those . 
  and that 's what makes privilege hard to understand for those who are n't oppressed . 
  they do n't experience what the other group experiences . 
  there 's more poor people than rich people , but the rich still have power . 
  sheer numbers do not give a group power , especially when one group has created institutions which benefit them . 
  i used to feel the same way `` oh , yeah , i 'm a part of the ` majority ' because i 'm a guy , despite there being more women . '', 
  but i still benefit from being a male despite there being more women . 
  even then , a person can belong to a minority and a majority . 
  so , i 'm a straight white male from a lower-middle class if not just poor background in america . 
  i 'm straight , white , and male which is basically pretty damn good , but i was still poor . 
  statistically , my schooling is really shitty ( which it was ) and i 'm less likely to graduate/social mobility is harder for me . 
  so i 'm `` oppressed '' on that front . 
  a person can have multiple privileges and still be oppressed elsewhere . 
  we 're talking about an issues that 's far more complex than mere numbers . 
  majority/minority , in the context we 're using them , do not fit the standard dictionary definition because they come from academia . 
  things get a bit more complex there . 
  yeah , people here are trying to rationalize away the irrational . 
  it 's the same shit in baltimore . 
  the rioters do n't have a political goal as much as they 're just fucking angry . 
  i ca n't speak for the noexpo riots , but the rioters in the u.s. feel disenfranchised and like they have no voice . 
  violence is almost always guaranteed to draw attention , so people get violent when nothing else has worked . 
  i imagine it 's something similar in italy . 
  from what i 've read on stalin , this seems to be the case . 
  the famines were a coincidence , and stalin saw an opportunity to eliminate a future problem ( peasants who 'd rebel against soviet policy ) . 
  i do n't think he was trying to kill ukrainians for being ukrainian . 
  but the whole situation was extremely fucked up , and stalin 's brutality is , imo , a huge part of the reason communism failed . 
  the ideas promised one thing , but the people carrying it out did another . 
  all three words i know in spanish make me feel good about myself . 
  i live in a backwoods , hick area . 
  is spanglish actually spoken by people , or is the red on my neck showing ? 
  i do n't . 
  my goal was n't to convince him . 
  he 's not going to believe me because no one do n't say shit like `` blacks are less intelligent than whites '' without some seriously fucked up views . 
  he deserves to be shat on , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  if racists like the guy i responded to ca n't join us in the 21 ^ st century then they need to be shamed into their own little corner where they do n't bother anyone else . 
  japan was an imperialist nation , actually . 
  they 're guilty of a lot of disgusting crimes . 
  that 's very cute . 
  you 're assuming my views . 
   it is an objective fact that the average african today has a better quality of life than they ever would if africa as never colonized . 
  no , it 's not . 
  we do n't know what would have happened if africa was never colonized . 
  africa was a rich continent for a long time . 
   this has nothing to do with racism . 
  keep on telling yourself that , mr. [ `` black people are inherently less intelligent than white people , and white people are inherently less intelligent than certain asian groups . '', 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/opieandanthony/comments/31ehou/whats_the_deal_anthony/cq1fi3x?context=3 )  keep living in your fantasy where africa was some great tolerant progressive place before . 
  cute , but i never said that . 
  edit : i just noticed the capitalization of white . 
  ignore him and move on . 
  aww , i love racists who think colonialism saved africa . 
  i suppose some people think they did n't fuck africa up enough the first time . 
  unpopular opinion : bullying people for their weight does not help keep weight down . 
  instead , it only encourages self-esteem issues and contributes to the overall obesity issue . 
  the bullied become so insecure over how they look that they no longer want to go to a gym out of fear . 
  besides , i have a feeling that america is beginning to really make headway on its obesity problems . 
  but i could totally be wrong on that . 
  i would n't be shocked if 20 somethings really saw the close cooperation of europe and canada/the u.s. ( sorry mexico ) out of a desperate rush to maintain economic dominance over the world . 
  nah bruh , islamofascists are destroying freedom on the internet , do n't you know ? 
  while nuclear weapons have maintained peace , they still scare the shit outta me . 
  i do n't trust people , or governments , when it comes to things that can destroy human life . 
  if there was one branch of human technology that i could make disappear and never be rediscovered , it 'd be nuclear bombs . 
  shit 's terrifying . 
  yeah , i 'm a big fan of the social democracy things that europe has . 
  yeah , where are we going to move now ? 
  they speak wrong-french up there !, 
  lenin 's revolution did n't bring down the czar anyway . 
  a revolution six months before the bolsheviks took power brought down the russian monarchy . 
  ahh , wonderful , norway is civilized . 
  i do n't see the point in taunting the guy for his english . 
  not all of those sweets are racist , but holy fuck the asian one is bad . 
  anyway , people get angry because europe spent a couple hundred years colonizing the world , killing millions for profit , and generally making things worse for a lot of people . 
  a lot , if not all , of the racist images are left-overs from that time in history . 
  i can totally understand why people would want to fight against the legacy of imperialism . 
  this might be a better question for / r/askhistorians . 
  still , american nationalism is dangerous because , while civil considerations are important , many people have an idea of who 's american and who is n't based on race . 
  for example , certain groups talk shit about americans who speak spanish and not english - not that the shit talkers encounter spanish speakers , but they do n't like hearing spanish spoken because it 's `` not american . '', 
  the kkk has used `` 100 % pure americanism '' as an excuse for hate not 100 years ago . 
  there 's certainly a sense that anyone can become american , but some americans have firmly rooted beliefs in who is and is n't american based on race . 
  nationalism is dangerous because it always gets out of hand . 
  it 's a good tool to unite people , though , which is also dangerous because it can - and has - be used as a means of social control . 
  oh , he 's popular . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  but his `` base '' - the people who would vote for him - actually votes , so the media is forced to pay attention to him because he has tons of people who 'll vote for him . 
  the tea party ( america 's far-right movement ) love the guy . 
  but moderate republicans ( i 'm assuming you know who they are , but just to clarify - the republicans are america 's right-wing party ) are n't a fan , and anyone left of the right loathes the guy . 
  he 's a joke because he could n't win the presidency . 
  i can see the campaign adds now . 
  they 'd be * glorious . 
  * `` are you really going to vote the man who shut down the government into the presidency ? 
  a vote for clinton is a vote for a functioning government . '', 
  i ca n't see ted cruz winning the presidency , and obama does a decent job of making the republicans look like assholes who do n't do anything except put in legislation that allows discrimination against gays . 
  fortunately , ted cruz is a joke . 
  now that you point it out , i feel incredibly stupid . 
  it 's one of those things i know but i 'm not thinking of . 
  the nice thing about spanish is that it 's becoming more common in the u.s. , so it 's very practical to learn . 
  america has done some terrible things , but czech republic is safe . 
  they 're european .
