  we are taught that the founding fathers did not want to pay the taxes . 
  however , the taxes are seen as unjust because we were not given political representation . 
  it 's more than kinda stupid , but american history seems to be more-than-sanitized by textbooks in general . 
  i do n't know portugese , but i 'm guessing it translates to `` get the united party to get these damn kids off my lawn ? '', 
  ( just kidding , it 's close enough to spanish that i get a sense of the name ) . 
  yes , men are very disadvantaged . 
  u got me . 
  i think you may of misunderstood my comment . 
  women are attacked like crazy for being a feminists in internet comments . 
  every other thing is `` i `` ll rape you '' and `` i kill you bitch . '', 
  for men , it 's not like that at all . 
  feminism is absolutely about equal rights . 
   so if a woman tries and talk about men and their experience i can tell them to check their privileges ? 
  not really ? 
  women do not have privilege within society , so you ca n't tell someone who does n't have privilege to check it . 
  it 'd be a bit odd if a woman talked about what it 's like to be a man . 
   if a cause is really fair and has nothing to hide it does not need to shut people up this way . 
  sjw is to my knowledge the only group of people that actually created a system where you can shut someone up without using any argument . 
  it really tells something about their cause . 
  i mean , i 'm not going to listen to an argument from a racist on race . 
  there are hate groups which , imo , simply do not deserve a spot at the table , but i 'll listen to most arguments . 
  i think most people who care about social justice would agree . 
   truth is in our societies there is nothing a man can currently do that a woman can not . 
  that 's why sjw are now basically inventing issues such as manspreading so they can use the `` check your privileges '' privilege and complain and moan that life is unfair . 
  equal legal rights does not equate to equal treatment . 
  i 've seen `` check your privilege '' and `` mansplaining '' misused , but they make sense when someone is trying to tell a woman what she has and has n't experiences as a woman . 
  a lot of men do not respect a woman 's voice because women are seen as weaker . 
  it 's fucked up , but it happens . 
  women are expected to be kind , soft , caring , and if one is n't then she 's a cold-hearted bitch . 
   yeah there are social expectations for a women ( be pretty , do n't be fat , have big boobs , be able to cook ... ) , but there are for men too ( be strong , be tall , have a big dick , never complain , never be emotional , be able to fix the car ... ) . 
  in both cases it is toxic . 
  what if as a man i do n't want to be strong or i want to be emotional or i have a small dick ? 
  i would be just as screwed as a ugly girl without boobs yet for sjws my experiences and suffering would be worthless , because i am a man ? 
  what the fuck man . 
  actually , we have a common cause here . 
  one of the things i like the most about feminism is that the abolition of gender roles is an important idea for a lot of people . 
  you 're right , you should n't be subjected to those pressures . 
  there are feminists who fight for that . 
  feminism is also a broad , wide movement which encompasses a lot of schools of thought . 
  there 's definitely more to it than you seem to think . 
  there are dumb feminists , but i 'll take a dumb feminist whose heart is in the right place over someone who posts on / r/theredpill . 
   fuck them for trying to create a culture where we are no longer human beings but where the importance of what you say is defined solely on your colour or gender . 
  i think you 're misunderstand what i 'm saying . 
  i do n't know what it 's like to be french . 
  if i started talking about what it 's like to be french and obviously did n't then you 'd probably tell me to shut up . 
  that 's what `` check your privilege '' is . 
  it 's `` you do not know what it 's like to be a part of this group , so think about what you 're saying . '', 
   but there are still many jurisdictions where people believe that men ca n't be raped because they think if you have an erection that means you want , and consent to , having sex . 
   in fact , as you know , erection is often involuntary . 
  for instance if someone holds a gun to your head and forces you to take viagra , you will have an erection . 
  even if your erection is because you 're turned on , that does n't mean you actually consent to having sex . 
  ( getting turned on can still be involuntary . ), 
  as i said , there are issues that men face . 
  that 's one of the major ones . 
  but women face way more . 
  look at the comments on things about feminism . 
  pay attention to how people talk about women . 
  it 's actually really disturbing , in a lot of cases . 
   ... except when they tell you to ` check your privilege , ' or dismiss you because you 're white or because you 're a man . 
  i mean , if you 're not , say , a woman and talk about a woman 's experience , then i kinda agree with the `` check your privilege '' thing in spirit . 
  you ( and i ) do n't know what it 's like to be a woman . 
  that 's what `` check your privilege means . '', 
   that 's good for you , but sometimes i am . 
  ( yes , by women . 
  no , it 's not a big deal normally . ), 
  i should have clarified - sexually harassed . 
   is that good or bad ? 
  bad , do you really want people vying for you for the sole reason that you look good around their arm ? 
  i would n't . 
   that is very dubious . 
  young women these days get better education , better jobs , and way better legal rights and protections . 
  i do n't doubt that in some ways it may be preferable to be a man , but overall i 'd honestly prefer if i was born a woman . 
  legal protections ? 
  not really . 
  at least , not in america . 
  anyhow , women need more help in that area , so it 's not a horrible thing if women are given more legal protections . 
  they 're victimized more . 
  as for education and jobs . 
  yeah , education is another issue facing young men . 
  a better education leads to better jobs . 
  i 'll be interested to see the numbers for ceos in , say , 30 or 40 years . 
   yes , it happens quite a bit , and it 's a dumb trick premised on the assumption that we wo n't notice . 
  it 's not really a trick if i 'm pointing it out , now is it ? 
  majority/minority are , in this context , jargon . 
  they 're specialized terms used by a certain field which diverge from the normal definition . 
  it 's not a trick , just another way of defining things . 
   certainly , but the poor are still not a ` minority . ', 
  but that 's the definition we 're using here . 
  it 's not a numerical thing . 
  the poor are , with regards to power , a minority . 
  the majority group is the one with power . 
  so , in medieval europe , the nobility were the majority class despite being a small number of the overall population . 
  peasants were a part of the minority group despite being a much larger percentage of the population . 
  majority and minority are being used in a different way than their standard dictionary definition . 
  it happens quite a bit . 
   i 'm curious , how do you benefit from being a male , and do you think the benefits outweigh the drawbacks ? 
  because being a male is not all roses and unicorns . 
  i never said it was , but people take me seriously when i speak . 
  i 'm not harassed on the streets . 
  i do n't have to worry about the people making laws having a complete and total misunderstanding of how my biological system works .
