  once the work is complete he gives you an invoice 3 . 
  you pay that and let him handle all other fees, 
  [ english version of that link ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/cloudiest_winter_in_25_years/6502375 ), 
  try to get your wages and social services to nordic levels first , eesti . 
  oh , and the cross would be nice too . 
  motorway that does not fill all criterias of proper motorway . 
  usually they dont have a strip of land that separates the two sides . 
  but still they 're intended for faster speeds than your average road and thus pedistreans & slow vehicles are banned from them . 
  in finland speed cameras are slowly replacing police officers due to spending cuts . 
  the gov ' t even disbanded traffic police few years ago , stating that the local police can monitor traffic if they have free time or while they do their other duties . 
  due to the spending cuts there arent enough police officers to handle 112 calls so even seeing police monitoring traffic is really rare . 
  i think its really sad that they 're relying on speed cameras . 
  they 're cost-effective but only monitor speed and at fixed places . 
  officers can also detect other traffic hazards and help drivers on the road . 
  not to mention that having police present on roads is enough to discourage speeding and enforce good traffic behaviour on more law-abiding drivers . 
   putting up a fence increases the ` barriers to entry ' ( in this case , literally ) . 
  shifting immigrants to sections of the border that are easier to penetrate . 
  this does n't mean the fence is effective at keeping people out ; rather it merely elucidates the obvious : those who are desperate enough , will still come right now there are people who 'd want to come to europe , but can not because the journey is too difficult or expensive for them to make . 
  if you keep increasing the costs then more and more people will decide that the trip is not worth it . 
  its true that the current fence projects will just shift the burden from one part to another . 
  that does not mean that they do not work : they 're built by individual countries and thus are only intended to stop migrants from traveling to that specific country . 
  they are refugees untill they get in a safe country . 
  if they keep investing money and time in getting from a safe contry to another due to better benefits i woudnt call them refugees anymore . 
  think about the young men spending time in calais , hoping that they can get past the police and run through the channel tunnel to england . 
  i woudnt call them refugees anymore . 
  the fence is already having an effect : the number of immigrants traveling through balkan has increased , many of them stating that they want to quickly get across before the fence is finished . 
  the problem is that refugees dont want to go to eastern europe at all , and definitely not in some small village in middle of nowhere . 
  in theory , yes . 
  but it might not work as well in real world as it does on paper , and if that happens then it 'll cost us hundreds of millions of extra . 
  edit : also basic income , or at least the realistic versions of it , will not replace every kind of welfare system . 
  you 'll still need some of those public officials to handle welfare applications . 
  the white comes from snow-covered ground and blue comes from our lakes , so your assumption is correct . 
  hydroenergy is cheaper but it has far bigger impact on environment than other sources of green energy . 
  i do n't know about norway but at least in here it is pretty much impossible to build new hydroenergic dams . 
  as long as you do n't release it from your hand you can put the pin back and disassemble the whole thing . 
  but i do n't think dharms 's instructor would have allowed that . 
  from what i 've heard those come from former yugoslavia area , criminals loot the old warehouses for guns and ammunition or something like that . 
  since nobody needs grenades for anything they 're quite cheap . 
  multiculturalism does not mean multiple cultures . 
  he does not want to get rid of all foreigners in finland . 
  multiculturalism is an ideology , and he opposes that ideology . 
  edit : oh , i 've been targetted by silent downvoters . 
  mind explaining what is wrong about my statement ? 
  edit 2 : hour later my comment score is still going up and down like a rollercoaster but not a single one of you has replied anything . 
  i guess you 're angrily downvoting because you ca n't find a flaw . 
  it 's quite simple : our economy is dependant on exporting . 
  since the big exporters are not bringing money every business is doing badly , which then means we have less tax money to spend on public sector . 
  the leftist solution is to increase the public spending to keep the economy going . 
  it 'd help us for few years but if our exports do n't increase then we 'll basically be in same situation as greece . 
  if we only had markka we could devaluate it and increase the competitiveness of our exports . 
  but since we 're in eurozone we ca n't do that . 
  what we 're doing now is freeze wages and let inflation do internal devaluation for us , but it 'll take years before that has any effect on anything . 
  fill [ this ] ( https://support.google.com/legal/contact/lr_eudpa?product=websearch ) form . 
  yeah , dublin regulation is effective and we dont get a single refugee to here in finland because they all enter through south and get stuck there ... you do realize that nobody follows that regulation anymore , right ? 
  it 's extremely unfair for south europe and echr decisions have made it somewhat illegal to follow . 
  it 's a really complicated mess afaik . 
  from what i 've heard even professionals have hard time comprehending how it exactly works , so i 'm not even going to try . 
  but the bottom line is that it only pays a small part of our losses ; 1,5 billion gained vs. 6 billion lost or something like that . 
  on top of that we had to pay extra to get it , so the actual gain from the contract is far less than 1,5 billion . 
  and yes the `` money '' is ten-year loans to aaa-countries . 
  we 'll get the profit made with those loan papers if greece goes bankrupt and refuses to pay it 's loans . 
  so voluntary haircuts will most likely not give us any money back . 
  it shoud n't be a suprise considering the state our country is in . 
  the gov ' t is currently doing huge spending cuts and the only reason why people are okay with it is that it 'll help us in future . 
  if people get the idea that all of it is done `` to give the greeks even more money '' they 'll be furious . 
  silly english and it 's gender-specific pronouns , right ? 
  from what i 've heard the lady had passed a security guard training , which allowed ~ ~ him ~ ~ her to use that spray can thing . 
  if she hadnt then even possessing that in a public place is illegal . 
  a 24-pack of beer . 
  according to the store owner those people frequently steal from stores in the area . 
  if they get caught they 'll get fined , spend the night with police and steal another store as soon as they 're out . 
  nope . 
  they gave 1c and 2c coins in the purhaseable coin sets but they were never in official circulation . 
  just a load of exaggeration , hyperbole and using media to create a trend . 
  while i do agree that finland has been less equal after the 90 's huge tax discount on capital gain there is no security threat . 
  people complain about politicans year after another but there has not even been any proper protests against it . 
  ca n't you put the flairs on left side ? 
  when i normally browse reddit i look at the left side of the screen and having to scan back and forth for the flairs on right side seems really cubersome . 
  [ this picture might explain it better . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dd3oy3u.png ) maybe do something like / r/starcraft ; have the flairs set up horizontally so that they can stay on left without taking too much space . 
  because it is blatant attention whoring , adds nothing to the discussion and distracts from the main topic . 
  just look at these replies , half of them are about the french translation . 
  the same thing happens every single time that one attention whore post his bilingual replies to a thread . 
  the main difference is lower corporate taxation and smaller wages , manufactoring costs per can is just one part of their price . 
  things 'll be cheaper in estonia as long as the wage gap stays as it is . 
  it 's the swedes who still have gender-specific pronouns , superior finnish language only has genderless ` h\u00e4n ' ( which is slowly getting more and more formal and being replaced by ` se ' in everyday use ) . 
  so this clearly means they want to be a part of finland . 
  while the army has some [ guerrilla units ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sissi_%28finnish_light_infantry%29 ) and the new light & mobile doctrine it prepares to stop the invasion . 
  guerrilla war and other post-war difficulties is something the invader has to worry about , the army does not prepare for that . 
  also keep in mind that the ` spearhead ' units are only a small part of a battalions men . 
  there 's heavy organization supporting them , which includes stuff like communications , maitenance , anti-air and other units . 
  not to mention that the army might have other wartime duties inside finland . 
  well the `` equipment '' might mean an uniform , cheap ak knockoff , fragmentation vest , a vehicle seized from a civilian and possibly an old combat belt . 
  nothing grand and fancy but enough to get the job done , at least for the back row units . 
  also as biiviz said some of that 900 thousand reserve is kept as replacements and some are not fit for service anymore . 
  edit : the army also has some outdated weaponry stored away even though it 's not used by the 285 thousand anymore . 
  the problem in this case is that . 
  the tobacco companies ' claims are not baseless . 
  since the government has no control over courts and their decisions they cant be certain that they will win this case . 
  11 billion pounds is a huge sum of money for any country .
