  what we 're likely to see in future from russia is more provocation and support of russian minorities located in ex-soviet countries , but i think that can be solved locally by not giving those minorities a reason to get violent . 
  and shengen border should be tightly controlled so we wont get little green men giving russian weapons to minorities like in ukraine . 
  putin isnt that short , its just that vanhanen is two meters and most people look short next to him, 
  we had a tall pm couple of years ago , finnish media loved to point out [ the difference ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2pq4d1b.jpg ) in their heights . 
  [ meanwhile in finland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqc7wo7veke ), 
  he might have said that along many other things , but people are speculating that he 'll back up on his statements and be more centrist/neutral for now on . 
  even if we tries to push the membership foward i doubt the other three big parties support him in that . 
  but ncp will keep talking more about membership and try to change peoples opinions on it through media in the future . 
  you 've probably misread something . 
  [ here 's a graph on support for joining nato ] ( http://hs10.snstatic.fi/webkuva/taysi/600/1305807317591 ) , people have been more pro-nato after the events in ukraine but majority still opposes it and we 'll have to see if this change is permanent or just a reaction to the events . 
  since ncp wants to get as close to 25 % support as possible they wont push nato membership because it might cost them votes . 
  instead they 'll keep their current `` door open for membership '' stance . 
  edit : in case it isnt clear enough ; the question in the graph is `` should finland become a member of nato ? 
  '' , red is no and blue is yes . 
  problem with `` elected '' is that you 're assuming people voted for him , when in reality the top candidate thing was a fiasco . 
  i dont know about rest of europe but here in finland most of the people havent even heard about the candidates and only a handful of people could tell about their goals for europe . 
  i got a feeling whoever is camerons proposal for president has as much people 's support as juncker . 
  you should 've linked to [ this version ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/helsinki_region_commrnw.png ) instead so that people can read the text too . 
  sd is too extreme ? 
  i guess you 'd get that impression by reading swedish newspapers but in reality they 're not much different to danish or finnish parties . 
  in both only a small group has money and power and rest are just poor workers who keep the system running . 
  in communism the goverment forces you to work and in capitalism you 're forced to work to avoid homelessness and starvation . 
  it sounds impressive but it actually is like one or two centimetre to the coast and around islands . 
  it just adds up because we have a long coastline . 
  yeah , finland gets about 7 square kilometers of new land from the sea each year . 
  during the last ice age there was a massive glacier over finland and sweden . 
  it was so heavy that it squashed down the soil underneath and the soil is still rising back to its original position . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:suomi_jaakauden_jalkeen.png ) picture shows how much land has risen from the sea after the last ice age and the ground is still slowly rising . 
  slightly misleading for fennoscandia . 
  the ground is rising faster here than icecaps are melting . 
  besides we could always build a dam between denmark and sweden and continue it towards germany as the water level rises . 
  i 'd guess they have much larger fields in economy but the others dont do exports ( which are probably tourism and pampering eurocrats ) . 
  cutting rough diamonds and possibly inserting them into jewelry i guess, 
  he is going for some top position in eu , but nobody knows yet which one he 'll end up with . 
  he could become president of comission or president of eurogroup if all stars align but some comissioner job is far more likely . 
  but he has been unofficially picked as finnish comissioner , and if he gets some better job then we 'll have to pick someone else . 
  he is from swedish-speaking minority , which explains the name . 
  these kind of names are somewhat common in finland so it doesnt really stand out and shoudnt affect his popularity . 
  as for the cutbacks ; for years ncp has been cutting from progressive and corporation taxes and filling the gap with flat taxes like vat increases and cutting from public services . 
  they 're the most right-wing party which gets votes so its understandable but for some reason voters really like them regardless . 
  he didnt seem to have any experience nor intrest in domestic policies . 
  i 'd gues he 'd rather be some important eurocrat than pm , but since katainen will be our next comissioner he had to pick some other career . 
  he is really popular , mostly because he hasnt had to do anything public as foreign trade minister . 
  he 'll lose his shine if he starts working as pm , especially since the current goverment is in deep shit at the moment and hasnt been able to do much at all for past few years . 
  i still think vapaavuori would be much better pm , but he seems to have problems with his public image . 
  [ m\u00e4mmi ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/love_it_or_hate_it_finlands_easter_mammi/7191109 ) . 
  weird brown stuff made out of rye , its perfect for scaring tourists . 
  send them back ? 
  typical finnish homicide : group of middle-aged alcoholics drink together and start arguing with eachother for some reason . 
  one bloke stabs another with a knife and when the police starts asking questions nobody remembers a thing nor can give any good reason for it . 
  it has nothing to do with firearms , and the numbers you 've linked are wrong anyways . 
  well , you 'll have to make some sacrifices unless you want to turn the city into a museum . 
  i think kiasma fits in its place quite nicely , same for stuff like kaisaniemi library . 
  you 'll occasionally get accidents like sanomatalo or makkaratalo , which is dissappointing . 
  i think the biggest problem with these glass towers is that they dont fit in the architectural style of old european cities . 
  or at least that is the reason why helsinki centre only has one tiny skyscraper . 
  98,5 % of norways energy generation comes from hydropower alone . 
  so yes , even higher . 
  luckily the finnish officials have told the romani that they 'll take away any childs they find begging on the streets . 
  i think they 'll leave their childen at home these days , or at least i havent seen any of them at all . 
  even oiling them regularly costs a lot . 
  not to mention that you 'd have to make some test runs now and then to ensure the 're functional and do the odd repair jobs occasionally . 
  thats a lot of money for something which would be pretty much obsolete against enemy tanks and anti-tank weaponry . 
  could 've smelted them into bars or sold as spare parts , but i guess they had reason for not doing that . 
  well we dont have 2-block system like you so the parties will make sure they have large margin and dont have to worry about each vote . 
  yes , eduskunta has 200 seats . 
  this includes chairman who cant vote or take part in conversation . 
  not really that suprising , they 've been talking about leaving government since they joined it . 
  the upcoming elections next year was probably the reason for this decision . 
  oh well , the government parties still have 112 of 200 seats so they 'll be able to continue for now . 
  the next party who 'll leave will probably be greens after parliament accepts the updated application for next nuclear power plant . 
  but that wont be due till next autumn . 
   we have cut the budget so hard that some soldiers ca n't even practice with ammo , they run around in the woods yelling `` bang bang ! '', 
  been there , done that . 
  pretty good way to practice movement and positions without any hearing protection or risk of injury . 
  but you 're right , the swedish military is pretty much a joke right now . 
  an union woudnt work at all unless swedes increased their military spendings  on the other hand !, 
  an alliance with denmark-norway-sweden-finland . 
  that 's an idea i could stand behind we all could , but sadly nato doesnt allow that . 
  the border with russia woudnt change but there would be more men and equipment to defend it . 
  the union woudnt have nato 's nuclear deterrent but it would be really hard and expensive to conquer . 
  it also would keep both countries neutral , which is the reason why people like the idea . 
  defending is easier than attacking . 
  it 'd be like in wwii , russians would be able to overwhelm finnish army due to their numbers but they would lose a lot of men and equipment in the process . 
  it varies from contry to contry . 
  denmark and norway are protected by nato , attacking finland would be too costly for russians and sweden is shielded by finland and other surrounding contries . 
  i think it is trying to say that both estlinks together can transmit power equal to half of what estonia is using . 
  its not , theres a 5 km wide strait which you have to cross with a ferry . 
  close enough . 
  more like poland can into deutsche lebensraum, 
  not hate , but you seem to have sort of cold down-looking attitude towards us . 
  but dont worry about that , we hate you too . 
  [ rouble has also hit is all-time low ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-26414285 ) . 
  foreign money is fleeing and locals are changing their roubles to dollars . 
  russia is really sensitive about soviet statues . 
  as a estonian you should know this . 
   stubb said finland went from being a ` top 30 ' country to a ` top 3 ' country over the span of 25 years in key areas such as education , innovation and competitiveness . 
  true , but i dont really think eu membership is the reason for those . 
  i 'd say they 're caused by `` nordic socialism '' which has its root in 60 's and post-war rebuilding process . 
  and in 90 's it was nokia who pulled us out of regression , not eu .
