i think his issues with europe 's relations with russia is that they 're too polarized ; before events of ukraine europeans were too confident with the friendly relationship and afterwards europeans have turned very hostile towards russia . 
  the finnish stance has always been about strong defense and friendly relationships . 
  you 'll need to be careful and prepared against hostile actions from russia , but that shoudnt stop you from having friendly relations with them . 
  strong defense alone will be enough to stop any hostile actions , but good relations will help russians realize they need europe too and the risk of destroying them will cause them to think twice before doing hostile actions . 
  i think they 're just staring at the numbers without thinking the reality behind them . 
  we do use russian gas , but instead of delivering that straight to ordinary homes we burn it and turn it into electricity or heat . 
  so even if russia closes the pipe we can use our wartime reserves and afterwards burn f.ex . 
  coal or trees to keep houses warm . 
  other european countries dont have that luxury , they 'll need to get gas or people will freeze in their apartments . 
   `` i ca n't for the life of me understand why you would want to punish people who create something out of nothing , '' he said . 
  he doesnt create anything out of nothing . 
  his and his employees education is paid by tax money , tax money pays for the infrastructure they use , it provides them safety and stability by having an army and hiring police officers and tax money even gives him a reliable safety net in case his business isnt successful . 
  i just dont understand the attitude of taking advantage of opportunities created by public funds and giving a middle finger when expected to pay for them in return . 
  small trivia : [ 58 % of finns consider his party arrogant ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/poll_ncp_seen_as_arrogant_by_58_percent_of_finns/7573690 ) accoring to a recent poll . 
  leaves fell off long time ago here . 
  now there 's nothing colorful left , its constantly raining and the days just keep getting shorter . 
  hopefully we 'll get snow early , i hate this cold period of darkness before the proper winter starts . 
  middle-aged alcoholics stab their drinking buddies with knives . 
  as long as you dont take part in those groups finland is as safe as any other european country . 
  the way they split finland is really weird . 
  not sure what 's up with that, 
  they 're all speaking finnish . 
  it just sounds off because he 's constantly placing stess in middle of a sentence while finnish has a fixed stress at the start of sentence . 
  yeah , this seems more like pre-election talk rather than serious suggestion . 
  or as we finns say it , `` kepu pett\u00e4\u00e4 aina '' . 
  of course not . 
  thats the secret behind our numbers ; the goverment doesnt allow you to become unemployed and foces you to get more education or some shitty non-paying trainee job . 
  the ones that refuse dont get unemployment benefits and are counted as `` does not seek a job '' which doesnt count as unemployed . 
  puhemies ( talk-man or speaker-man ) . 
  the gender-neutral puheenjohtaja ( leader of the talk ) is nowdays used outside of parlament but its written as puhemies in law so they 'll have to use it . 
   the speaker chairman would be the correct english word for it . 
  nothing interesting will happen unless the parties want to have new elections right now , but the mp 's wont be having any vacations from now on . 
  they accepted the reactor last time it was proposed and lost huge chunk of votes thanks to it . 
  so now they 'll use the change of manufacturer as an reason why they 'll leave the government despite accepting it last time . 
  e : accepted as in they voted against it but didnt leave the gov ' t when the proposal was passed . 
  i guess he ment finnish defence ministry and wanted to mark the added word with brackets like press does . 
  http://i.imgur.com/1wlep7d.gif similar clip where he suddendly realizes he 's on tv . 
  governments took their lands and tried to eliminate their culture , attempting to make them into regular swedes , norwegians or finns instead of sami people . 
  it was worst in norway and sweden but finland had it 's share of it too . 
  they were afraid that phone market would become like pc market : apple would make great money selling overpriced hardware to enthusiasts and everyone else would have to sell their stuff for cheap since there 's no difference between different brands of android phones . 
  russia says that they are not involved in conflict and the rebels say that ukrane has not had negotiations with them . 
  it might still end with a truce , kremlin seems to be spinning it as `` russia agreed to arrange negotiation between the two parties of the conflict '' . 
  mopo was a brand name for helkama mopeds iirc and the original finnish name for them was mopedi . 
  elmu-kelmu is common one too , comes from elintarvikemuovikelmu . 
  its changing , but majority of finns still oppose it . 
  last poll had 58 % against and 26 % for nato membership . 
   the funny part is that local politicians talk about `` possible natural disasters '' etc. 
  thats the strategy our pro-nato politicans are using . 
  they know the public opinion is against nato , so they 'll promise stuff to nato and back home they 'll state they havent signed anything . 
  if they have its only `` techical document '' and finland hasnt `` moved any closer '' to nato membership in reality its similar to yya treaty and the closest thing to membership that there is . 
  dead/dry skin changes color to gray-ish white for black people . 
  if finland would join nato then russia would get 1300 kilometres of new border with nato and baltic sea would become nato-sea . 
  russia wont just sit idly and watch it happen , they 'll figure out a way to punish us for joining them . 
  there 's also a landslide of other issues with nato ( defence becomes reliant on us , having increase defence spendings to match their criterias , costs for switching to ammunition and systems which nato uses etc. ), 
  but they 're not as important . 
  i 'm guessing its because russian companies coudnt make enough lactose-free stuff to meet the demand . 
  russians bought half of arctech few months ago and are now buying their ships from there so they 'll get money back and work for the shipyard . 
  they 're popular as taxi or private cars too . 
  no whonder , its quite big inside and has good engine but its still reasonably priced . 
  in finland [ transporters ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4cmzp0u.jpg ) are far more common than other police cars , and even if you disallow vans i 'd say [ skoda superb 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bffeyvx.jpg ) are still more common than mercedes cars . 
  still a nice to see all of the different patterns and colors each contry has ( orange or green police cars , wtf ? 
  eventually , yes . 
  just like in winter war we 'll eventually run out of resources and have to surrender . 
  but it wont be cheap for russians . 
  they 'll have to do it with mostly their spetsnaz troops and other professionals . 
  the difficult terrain and defender 's advatange alone makes attacking really costly , not to mention stuff like guerrilla war from forests , russia losing their easiest border neighbour and destabilizing their relationship with rest of the world . 
  and both sides have improved from ww2 . 
  back in 20-30 's finns thought that war was really unlikely and the poor nation decided to not spend their monies on weapons . 
  now we 'll have modern stuff like latest aa-missile systems , one of europes largest artillery and tank reserves etc. 
  and dont have to resort to using molotov 's and planks like in last war . 
  this isnt the only article they 've done about it . 
  on the english site they have articles like [ next elections will be a vote on nato ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/think_tank_chief_spring_election_could_be_a_nato_vote/7402754 ) and [ finns should be concerned about russia ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/analyst_finns_right_to_be_concerned_about_russia/7402606 ) . 
  and this isnt helsingin sanomat who has declared themselves as officially nato-supporting , its supposed to be a politically neutrals . 
  east european countries lost their war against soviet union , and because of that they dont trust their own military anymore and think us is only thing that 'll gurantee their independence . 
  finland succesfully defended , so we trust our boys can still challenge russians in a war . 
  by combining that with good relations we 'll show to russians that peace is much better for both countries , allowing us to stay neutral and act as a bridge between the two sides . 
  by joining nato we would destroy our good relations and escalate the tensions between two sides . 
  and if the next world war starts we 'd just be the front line cannon fodder for nato . 
  its still 26 % for and 56 % against , and i 'm guessing the numbers will return near their original values once the ukraine crisis is over . 
  i 'm a bit suprised how hard yle is promoting the poll considering they 're state-owned . 
  the problem with finnair is that they arent doing well in the first place and a massive setback like that could easily be the last nail in their coffin . 
  the routes to asia are a cornerstone in their new strategy and 40 % of their revenue is generated by those routes . 
  [ the flight time increase ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r2xfof1.png ) ( note the curvature of earth and no-fly zone in ukraine ) and the increase to fuel consumption would be pretty huge . 
  whats even worse is that finnair 's advatange over other companies was their shortest flight time between europe and asia and having to route through central europe would make them the worst choise for passangers . 
  so while they would not go bankrupt in a month , a year-long sanction would be devastating for them and its really hard to figure how they would surrive it . 
  its basically the same explanation as why some people are against nato ; they 'd think it would be better for finland to be a neutral actor between east and west rather than picking a side and getting ready to be the front line for ( physical or trade ) war between the two sides . 
  the current sanctions will hit finland quite hard . 
  valio alone was exporting 350 million euros worth of milk products to russia every year and now cant export any of them . 
  and this is just the first list of sanctions ; the speculated flight ban could bankrupt finnair in months and any further export bans would be devastating for the fragile economy . 
  forest fires are not uncommon during summer but usually they 're much smaller than the one in sweden right now . 
  i dont belive russia would invade now , if they wanted to then they would have done it at the start of the crisis . 
  it would be really strange that they 'd wait for the rebel forces to lose the fight before getting involved themselves . 
  i belive this is just another case where they 'll point at the things other countries are doing and try to direct media away from the weapon shipments and other support for rebels . 
  they 've done it multiple times during this crisis alone , by f.ex . 
  questioning the legity of ukranian goverment , pointing at the `` mercenaries '' ( volunteers ) coming from other countries to ukrane and blaming us and eu for not doing anything about the `` civil war '' in ukraine . 
  they did the same thing for many contry-specific subreddits few weeks back and didnt bother to announce anything back then either, 
  i 've heard from somewhere that their army is impressive in numbers but it hasnt been modernized and thus it woudnt be that effective against modern army . 
  but then i 'm not an military expert , especially not for foreign armies, 
  i dont think putin is stupid enough to attack any european contry . 
  ukraine seems to be the easiest target with no nato membership , large ex-soviet russian minority and somewhat weak army and still russia doesnt want to commit in full-scale war .
