  if the british government loses this case they will have to do massive cuts to healthcare , education and security to pay the tobacco companies . 
  so the people who make these decisions have to think about the risk they 're taking when issuing the legislation . 
  this might mean that they 'll back up , thinking that the risk is not worth taking . 
  it could also mean that germany is the one who 'll pull the lever i.e. 
  they have the final say on grexit , not the eurogroup as whole . 
  that 's because every new account is automatically subscribed to / r/europe if reddit detects they 're browsing from europe . 
  yeah it was such a disappointment . 
  `` we 're informing you that we know you exist . 
  have a nice day ! '' . 
  after all that fuzz around the letter i expected that it 'd have some actual information on it . 
   finland 's army has 16,000 soldiers , but it could expand to 285,000 if reserves were to be called up . 
  285 000 is just the number of troops that have latest equipment and hardware designated to them . 
  if a war starts we can expand the army far above those numbers but only the front-line troops get the latest toys with them . 
  also that 16 000 peacetime solders mostly consist of conscripts in active service and the training organization around them , it has no relation with wartime numbers . 
  iirc the money were found after the police did their first searches ( with money-specialised sniffer dogs ) and had already left the area . 
  its possible that someone had planted the money on his lawn during that period or even earlier . 
  exactly . 
  the charges are quite severe and it 's not guranteed that the evidence they have is enough . 
  its mostly based on some anonymous phones being used in same district the police hq is in . 
  but whatever happens with it people are going to get sacked for this mess . 
  the map is probably close to accurate , its just that our government made some mistakes when making the tariff-based support for wind power . 
  wind power is so profitable at the movement that pretty much anyone with some loose money is planning their own wind power park . 
  it currently costs the state 110 million euros per year for 116 turbines , and the costs will increase as more turbines are being built every year . 
  the worst part is that they 're afraid of fixing it because companies could sue the government for ruining their business and demand recompensation for their investments . 
  maybe they want to discuss european news and events ? 
  national subreddits are intended for discussion of that country and it 's events . 
  and besides eurocriticism does not mean hatered for europe . 
  not necessarily hatered for eu either . 
  hah , not sure how i managed to miss that typo . 
  basically `` post anything that would get downvoted to bottom of page on / r/europe '' . 
  eurocritism , racism , borderline nazism , east-europe hate etc. 
  fdf does not rely on sonar alone , it 's very likely that they heard engine sounds with microphones or had some other way of confirming it . 
  besides i 'd assume whales and submarines behave very differently . 
  but yes they ca n't be 100 % certain unless the sub surfaces or answers in radio so in theory it could be anything . 
  we still have an death penalty in active legislation . 
  if a judge intentionally passes a wrong sentence that costs a man 's life then that judge shall pay with his life . 
  that law was made in 1734 and has n't been used in a long time so no telling if it 'd still work in court . 
  but in theory we still have death sentence . 
  wealth used to be one of the factors for these calculations and thus zero-income millionaires got fined hard too . 
  but it stopped after gov ' t removed wealth tax and people no longer had to report their wealth for taxation purposes . 
   true finns could n't co-operate with the greens , left alliance and most likely not even with the swedish party left alliance coudnt co-operate with any of the parties , they 've placed themselves firmly in the opposition with their billion-dollar investment ideas . 
  greens are at least likely to get in but nobody is keen on having them on either because they 're unpredictable . 
  not to mention they 're against finns more than finns are against them . 
  while the finns dont like swedish party they can still live with them . 
  it woudnt be too difficult to imagine them in the same government . 
  might require some special solutions in case of another mandatory swedish vote or something similar . 
  ncp is the only one supporting nato membership , and even they 've said that it would require majority support and a referendum . 
  swedish party is supporting it too but they 'll change their opinions to anything as long as swedish-speaking minority and its privileges are not touched . 
  every other party is supporting the `` nato option '' . 
  which basically means we 're not joining but neither saying we wont join ; stay i. 
  they 'll change their opinions if the public stops opposing nato but that seems unlikely , even with the ukrane crisis going on majority still opposes the membership . 
  well except for left alliance , who 's still stuck on their 80 's stance of nato = bad and soviets = good . 
   will probably avoid going to the government unless getting a really sweet deal , since being liable for your comments is never good for a populist party . 
  havent you been following the news for last year or so ? 
  soini is basically begging for a seat in next government , he knows that voters will eventually lose intrest if finns party keeps avoiding their responsibilities . 
  and soini has played his cards well this time . 
  unless a miracle happens it 's pretty much impossible to have a stable government without 3 out of the 4 major parties . 
  since ncp & sdp hate each other the gov ' t will be centre , finns and a third wheel , with maybe swedes or cd supporting . 
  only issue for them is the next greece bailout , but considering how nobody is keen on it either i 'd say some kind of compromise on it is likely . 
  http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2015/01/ the first result for `` imf april 2015 report '' . 
  the numbers are from the chapter 2 pdf . 
  there 's only two solutions that will have any impact on amount of people who attempt to cross the sea : 1 . 
  instead of rescuing the immigrants to europe return them to coast of africa . 
  this worked in australia , number of boats found has decreased when people figured out they cant get in that way . 
  create some official mechanism for immigration that gives easier access to europe than boats . 
  this has to give pretty much guaranteed entry , if it doesnt then those who get rejected or stuck in a queue will switch to boats . 
  the problem with first solution is that according to green-right it is `` racist '' because it prevents people from getting in europe . 
  they think that everyone in the world should be allowed to enter europe . 
  ( edit : also echr is against this too but that can be solved ) the problem with second one is that it increases immigration to unsustainable levels . 
  especially considering that immigrants pick certain countries ( sweden , germany , uk ) over others . 
  if the system tries to assign them to f.ex . 
  romania or poland they will leave it for a better country as soon as they can . 
  i believe they do want in government and will not opt out this time . 
  soini knows that staying in opposition forever will cost him votes . 
  the two biggest roadblocks have vanished too ; other parties have come closer to finns stances on euro loans and mp 's have gotten used to working in parliament . 
  you swedes are all happy , emotional and talkative weirdos . 
  emotionless is the wrong word , of course we have emotions . 
  it 's just really hard for a finnish man to talk about his emotions . 
  which often means he 'll try to drown those emotions with heavy drinking . 
  also we never cry unless we 're alone , but i dont think that 's exclusively a finnish thing, 
  red is decrease and increase is plain black ? 
  not sure if i 'd agree with that . 
  also i think it 'd be more useful if the colors were per citizen to give a better idea of the scale of applications . 
  the reason why the state wanted tamminiemi is because the palace was quite bad place to live in . 
  it had heavy traffic all around it and no yard to wander around on . 
  tamminiemi 's location was perfect ; far away from people and noice but still in the city and not too far from the palace . 
  the purpose of eu is to have one set of rules for the whole continent , it would not make sense if the individual countries could add their own set of rules on top of eu regulations . 
  in finland you could return products bought by mail or over internet for free . 
  but then eu added their consumer protection laws and now companies can charge you for returning products . 
  oh , so the swedes have actual advertisements . 
  fair enough . 
  here in finland its illegal for yle to have advertisements or produce sponsored content , but they still have advertisements in eurovision due to those being part of the show they bought . 
  that 's completely different thing . 
  the money from those advertisements goes to the event and it 's funding and it has no impact on tv channel 's funding . 
  i guess it 's because radio and tv require an permit and thus are easier to control . 
  also the british newspapers are more open about their political stances so people know that they 're reading political advertisements . 
  in russia fascism is just a buzzword/label for the political views that are against mainstream , it does not have any meaning on its own . 
  its similar to how communism was used in usa few decades ago or how far right is used in europe now . 
  someone else probably pushed the two parts apart and then attached them together before buying something with it . 
  from what i 've read it 's suprisingly common that people seperate the two parts like this to show off their strenght .
