no not really , i think it has many factors . 
  the biggest influence if of course neighbouring countries , but there is also the problem that we dont have words written in specific pronounciations ( we have two different es and os ) and many words can have an emphasis on a different syllable depending on your dialect, 
  huge accent differences in my country , besides having different loan words depending on which border people live , a lot of accents have a different `` musicality '' to them which makes it harder to understand even when they speak the same words, 
  youre confusing government actions with attacks on civilians . 
   you want to slow that down , build up romania , give them a reason to stay . 
  hell , maybe you could even get others to move there . 
  that is exactly what the eu is doing . 
  more eu funds go to lower income/developed countries, 
  the flesh is weak !, 
  its highly effective at keeping out large groups of people though, 
  can someone explain why ossetians think that being under russia is somehow more `` free '' than being under georgia ? 
  isnt martin shulz german ? 
  thought hed be more popular than this duk fella, 
  did i fall asleep and the uk triggered article 50 ? 
  then why would it stop paying its obligations ? 
  and yet every italian i have met so far insisted on trying to speak italian with me . 
  they are still under some assumption that its an international language, 
  except italy , libya is across the sea from it, 
  indeed , its a very gray area and we cant define what is biological and what is social , but you can see why conservatives can think how they do, 
   with gender in a psychobiological sense gen \u00b7 der \u02c8jend\u0259r / submit noun 1 . the state of being male or female ( typically used with reference to social and cultural differences rather than biological ones ) . 
  `` traditional concepts of gender '' gender = / = sex . 
  you can not be biologically a gender . 
  you can have biological behaviour patterns that match those of the same biological sex of the same species , but that doesnt become a gender until society/people define it, 
  youre mixing up so many terms its hard to keep track of it all ill make several statements : - yes you can change your identity , people do it all the time . 
  from their physical appearance to what they believe in to what they stand for to what they do . 
  your identity is not just what gender and sexuality you are - gender roles are a cultural construct based out of how we have evolved and what role we play in society and family . 
  its hard to pinpoint how much of our behavior is natural or learned but you arent born with gender dysphoria because you have no idea about genders at that point . 
  i think you mean to say `` something that is genetic '' , because the words `` inherent to identity '' doesnt mean you can not change them . 
  many conservatives believe that you arent `` born gay '' , they think its a choice . 
  however if you didnt give an example about homosexuality , but gender dysphoria, 
   gender , sexual orientation and race are determined at birth and people can not quit them i 'll write a response to this later , seems we have a misunderstanding, 
  because its the exact same thing , a person saying something you believe in or identify with is wrong . 
  the only reason your scenario seems absurd is because a lot less people identify as keynesian economists than they do as gay, 
  the core of my identity is my philosophical stance your logic is faulty, 
  no not really , by that logic any religious , political or philosophical stance i disagree with thats available to the open public is cuasing me psychological harm . 
  including your post, 
  what ... am i looking at, 
  all the slav countries had some kind of sheepskin costume traditions before and after winter you have something similar during christmas https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koliada, 
  are we watching the same video ? 
  the mountain is literally getting schooled here . 
  * personell, 
  ah okay , because the way you framed your initial reply made it seem like you were talking about the retarded old `` knights used to bash with blunt swords '' myth . 
  i still dont get your focus on the arteries tho , a cutting sword will cut it doesnt need to hit arteries to be an effective killing weapon, 
  i dont get it , you know what mordhau and halfswording is , so why are you trying to perpetuate the same retarded stereotypes of old . 
  absolutely both attempted to strike at weak spots in the armour , the mordhau is simply an added bonus for the longsword . 
  no , longswords are for cutting ( including piercing/thrusting ) people in anything and so are katanas . 
  samurai were not naked . 
  well exactly , it confusing but also at the same time its still kind of insulting being compared to some other country . 
  its like when americans think eastern europe = russia or some shit, 
  easiest way is giving any future immigrants only a select few places to settle in , making sure they are distributed across the country and not creating enclaves, 
  indeed it is . 
  20 is a pretty low number , that barely gets us back into the 90ies . 
  suuport of israel goes way back , so does the iran cia plot , afganistan mujahadeen ... etc, 
  uh no ... we dont really have teapots at all all hot drinks are brewed in a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cezve, 
  have you ever made coffee for more than 4 people ? 
  quite common to make cofee in a bowl/large pot and then putting it into cups with a ladle here, 
  iant it sad in itsef that its an `` oposition '' magazine , as in the magazines have abandoned journalistic integrity so much that they openly support an agenda, 
  maybe its more because you have a preconcieved notion . 
  red pill ( and mgtow too i suppose ) is a community of men who reject social norms to become family providers and instead choose to live according to their own goals , most of this stems from their view that most if not all women are lazy and unambitious and simply want a man who will provide for them ( aka only rich guys ) . 
  while i agree they are miserable and have a low opinion of women , they arent really mysoginistic , more sexist , and ive never seen them advocate treating women like property or slaves, 
  what in maribor ? 
  triss merigold is from our second biggest city :3, 
  wow way to completely miss the point of what the red pill is about and misinform others at the same time . 
  i have no idea what youre trying to say . 
  we already have an exclusive voice because there is no common policy regarding immigration/refugees ( only the dublin agreement with asylum ) . 
  it is not a vote , it is a matter of working together to solve a problem . 
  but the solution cant just be `` we 'll keep letting them come in while you guys take more people we let in '', 
  why would you think its a matter of a vote . 
  the eu has no say in our policy of taking in people , and trying to go around eu laws and threaten us would only undermine the institution, 
  if we have an equal voice why is it being threatened . 
  if we dont want to take in refugees that have not declared asylum here why are they being forced upon us ? 
  fight for more equality by making member states do what you want them by force instead of giving them ... an ... equal ... voice the eu does not have a common immigration policy , its member states should not have to save germany or sweden because they have a bad immigration policy, 
  the phrases are tongue twisters , even natives have problems with them, 
  https://youtu.be/r5ze-eidmho the woman named elizabeth gets all of them right, 
  well then they were full o sheet . 
  you misunderstood then . 
  most slovenians find italians annoying in some way , maybe due to their fashion style or way of speaking or perceived narcissism but we dont actively hate them . 
  so are lidl and hofer, 
  wikipedia says there is no conclusive evidence but offers these explainations : - a slavic water diety named laburus - latin word `` aluviana '' meaning overflowing river ( ljubljana used to be a bog ) - german word `` laubach '' meaning warm stream ( in german ljubljana is named laibach ) - the word `` leubgh '' meaning a skull due to the castle hill of ljubljana having that shape ( ?? ), 
  - hypothetical founder name of ljubovid - early inhabitants by the river near the city were called ljubljane, 
  everything has an equivalent in some other country . 
  though i guess we are the masters of mixing quisine . 
  its common to eat the italian polenta in a hungarian goulash for instance, 
  most people know of his name but he isnt talked about much or taken very seriously either, 
  lem me blow some minds with these little known facts : the capital ljubljana does in fact not mean `` the beloved '' that would be ljubljena ( one letter difference ) . 
  however since the ljub part is a root for words meaning love we just kinda think its the best translation anyway . 
  ( think if your city was named love-ana or something ) slovenia was hit hard in february 2014 by freezing rain/black ice . 
  it destroyed a lot of power and phone lines as well as severely damaged our forests which we care a lot about . 
  a beetle that digs into exposed tree bark is now a major eidemic . 
  the skocjan caves apparently have the deepest underground ravine in the world though i am sceptical of this myself . 
  almost all slovenes hike to the top of mountains , bike or indulge in some kind of nature . 
  a favorite passtime is picking wild mushrooms . 
  you may have heard the quisine is a mix of italian , austrian and balkan . 
  this is 100 % correct as you can expect anyone to eat sausage with sauerkraut , sagetti with mushroom sauce or burek with kefir with equal chances for their lunch . 
  slovenia has a huge napoleon syndrome , one of the most common question you will hear is `` what do you think of slovenia/slovenes '' . 
  if you answer positively you will be indulged by our affection . 
  similarly if any athlete is doing even mildly well in some sport , the entire nation will become fans of that sport overnight and scream '' slovenia no. 1 in x sport '' most people agree with v4 regarding how we should approach immigration . 
  we dont use the letter \u0107 , and \u010devapi are more of a staple of serbia than our own . 
  280000 people live in ljubljana out of the 2000000 population . 
  most forested in europe are sweden and finland .
