  this happens because the letter \u010d and \u0107 just gets copy pasted into c. i still cringe when i hear ufc heavyweight champ being called `` mee-oh-seek '' instead of miochich, 
  ementaller over here . 
  regular and smoked, 
  youre mixing equality with equal ability . 
  everyone should have the same options despite being from any class, 
  some unassuming quiet guy like a gardener somewhere who mostly gets along with everybody . 
  character arc would probably be stepping in a scene to do a crazy athletic backflip and the other countries would be like `` whoa , isnt that the guy who does the bushes ? '', 
  really ? 
  i read rougly a third of lepen 's policies as better than macron 's . 
  how she is considered france 's trump is a mystery to me considering trump had 0 policies besides stopping immigration and building a wall, 
  the good soldier \u0161vejk is my idol . 
  because you dont know if hes stupid and lucky or a genius . 
  gib celovec, 
  every russian ive met online has been level headed , smart and interesting to talk to . 
  bathroom , also a seperate dryer also in the bathroom which makes it nice and cozy when i bathe, 
  both really . 
  frugal and stingy are synonyms , but frugal can also mean settling for little while stingy implies you dont want to spend anything out of greed . 
  upper carniola - stingy people lower carniola - drunk people and gypsies ljubljana - self centered , pansy boys maribor / styria - eternaly buttmad about being second , annoying littoral - mona 's ( inside joke ) , their accent makes them sound gay, 
  mostly aimed at americans . 
  the only thing i ever found annoying from tourists was if they started talking about home politics to you . 
  `` i really like your x , we dont have that at home . 
  and the new president isnt doing anything about it . 
  i really hate what he/she is doing ... '', 
  no never outside the net . 
  om one hand im bothered if someone is insulted for being fat ( mostly guy talk , which i find disgusting ) or if they are discriminated based on it . 
  on the other i cant encourage normalization of unhealthy lifestyles or convincing people to like something they simply dont . 
  if youre a fat chick , youre allowed to view yourself as beautiful , just dont expect most people to see you that way, 
  our conservation of nature , our preservation of small rural life , our sense of humbleness , our active lifestyle . 
  of eu id say the incredible effort for long lasting peace , the shift from selfish nations wanting their own gain to a more pan humanistic sense of progress . 
  the what ? 
  - any slovenian you will meet, 
  but you have no way of stopping it from happening even if you see its a moron, 
  in slovenia most working people would go to a company mess hall or a self-serving restaurant at the nearest mall/supermarket . 
  these are usually around 4-6 eur for a complete meal so its not too expensive, 
  kolovrat isnt a svastika tho, 
  also the `` j '' at the end of words is almost silent to the point of most foreigners not even hearing it , but it does make all of them completely unable to pronounce any word with it, 
  wait so its not schwartz ( black ) negger ( blackman ) ? 
  we are not different cultures tho . 
  you had the same christian influenced culture , you eat roughly the same food since the areas arent that far apart . 
  really the cultural differences boil down to a few folk rituals and national dress, 
  ill mention the most obvious one : tito, 
  the sheer number of people who will believe anything , ive seen so many real life conspiracy theorists or people who base their beliefs on colloquial evidence its infuriating . 
  strange , i went to google your quote there and found this https://fee.org/articles/17-arguments-against-socialized-medicine/ not a single point made any logical sense or reasoning as to why it came to its own conclusion . 
   but conservatives here love to rip on `` socialized medicine '' in other countries i like how your right wingers heavent progressed from the mccarthy era, 
  seen a few people do it , when asked they mostly say its healthier than regular cigarettes ( science say its not ), 
  crkni - die or drop dead obesi se - hang yourself ustreli se - shoot yourself, 
  enough that they still exist apparently , you see ads for them in bad magazines, 
  mine too . 
  this is the grandma superfood it seems, 
  think you need to look up some essays on the founding fathers then . 
  jefferson and franklin in particular, 
  wiener schnitzel + fried potatoes with onions, 
  i dont . 
  what part of us foreign politics doesnt align with russia ????? 
  they could be very compatible , there is less ideological differences between them than people think, 
  person number 1 : a bo ?!, 
  person number 2 : bo , bo maybe a fellow slovenian can properly translate this height of human discourse, 
  i had the unfortunate displeasure of having a mother and 6 children of varying ages run up to my group and doing obscene gestures and begging . 
  the entire time all i could think was why the mother is just letting the kids make asses of themselves infront of her and the public . 
  she just stood there smiling like its a regular thing, 
  strange , the only time i saw a flag at my school was on independece day or something . 
  we also had a black flag in case a teacher or cleaning lady died, 
  i 'd agree with that mostly . 
  but these days its become a problem that there are corporations with services ( facebook , twitter . . ) so powerful that using them should be tied to laws instead of tos/eulas . 
  think of how different the world would be if someone at twitter just decided to close trumps account for instance, 
   that is not what the comic says ? 
  thats exactly what the comic says , it specifically says that so long as its not persecution under the law ( an arrest ) then it doesnt violate freedom of speech . 
  perhaps im mixing up freedom of speech and freedom of the press here , for me there really isnt a difference between the two since `` the press '' doesnt have clear boundaries . 
  but anyway , all you guys are tying to misrepresent here is the difference between government action on its citizens/media/people and action between individuals . 
  hate speech being in law is government interfering into what individuals can or can not say , it can not be compared to an individual sending you off his personal property or a private company like twitter banning you for violating their terms of use, 
  wait so according to that comic , a government can shut down any media house but not arrest anyone and they dont violate freedom of speech ? 
  pretty weak analogy . 
  one is directly responsible for something happening and the other indirectly can misinform people or make them more prejudiced . 
  the first is a crime , the second is the very definition of politics/propaganda . 
  the muslims killed in quebec were likewise killed by the same person who was spouting the hate speech anyway , unless youre also arguing for the criminalization of echo chambers . 
  the only hate speech id categorize as such , would be direct threats ( `` kill this specific person/group/people here '' ) . 
  which is not the same as `` all these people deserve to die and should be killed '' . 
  its understandable that any racist leader would constantly try to push the boundary with this but only by presenting his view can the general public see how crazy they are , instead of making someone like this a martyr and acknowledging that his views have merit, 
  while its more insular and cultish than other religions , when you get down to what they actually believe its the exact same . 
  aliens or angels , believing in something with no evidence is equally retarded, 
  its pretty much exactly like the milo protests at berkley now . 
  people disagree with their views and think its okay to censor them because `` they are nazis and nazis shouldnt get a podium to speak on '' . 
  i really wish the entirety of europe should move towards american standards of free speech because this `` no hate speech '' policy makes us exactly the same as middle eastern countries that have `` insulting islam '' laws, 
  no , explain the analogy how it relates to neo nazis, 
  did they put snowden/assange asylum as part of their agenda ? 
  isnt it about to become the largest party in iceland ? 
  i dont really see how any of those points would be challenged that much by right wingers, 
  no , in poland its a general curse word but in other slavic languages its literally just `` whore '' . 
  its not common to use it alone, 
  trying to get make religious studies mandatory in schools was a big one i remember from grade school . 
  but nowadays , mostly for stirring up the old communists/white gardists divide like were still in ww2 , blaming everything on `` men in the shadows '' despite having the largest party , trying to idolitize the 10 days war and his own role in it and his opposition to many progressive policies, 
  thats your stereotype for eu architecture ??? 
  i always baroque churches and art novau houses were the stereotypes, 
  in terms of conflicts - crimea and south ossetia . 
  both of these territories belonged to another nation but russia succeeded in projecting enough power that nobody else in the world dared to oppose them directly in a conflict . 
  similarly the issue of a missile defence in poland . 
  apparently someone trying to protect themselves is spun like russia is the victim in terms of foreign affairs - directly financing political campaigns in many foreign countries like the natiokal front, 
  id sign a petition to officially `` shun '' him . 
  he could come to the country to see the sights but no official would greet him in a formal manner to talk or negotiate . 
  id extend this to any foreign representative whose country ignores or opposes my country 's core values,
