  ( around 70 % compared to out 65 % ), 
  barley soup is okay but def not something id consider a national pride . 
  its just something you eat when you plan on being cold, 
  thats exactly how the language was described by my portugese bjj professor . 
  its because a lot of words use `` r '' instead of vowels , like the famous '' \u010dmrlj '' ( bumble bee ), 
  uh no they arent . 
  or if they are its an exception at least . 
  we even passed laws for most stores to close on sundays, 
  what ? 
  shulz the german dj ? 
   eu  non eu dont think you understand what biggest trading partner means m8, 
  the plan is very unpopular here btw . 
  most people think this is nato provoking russia, 
  you mean the middle eastern or inter-european ones ? 
  in this context i believe its the 4 freedoms of the single market . 
  own you ? 
  are you employed in gorenje or something ? 
   poland 's history can easily be summed up as a continuous struggle against invasions and divisions thats hilarious considering poland has been historically one of the most stable and enduring countries in europe . 
  no , i merely wanted to point out that if the uk truly had an issue of sovereignty they would start by reforming their completely unrepresentative first-past-the-post system , their monarch with greater-than-just-ceremonial powers , and the house of lords which still holds hereditary positions . 
  i merely wanted to point out the hypocrisy , never did i try to instil the argument that the eu should govern over any country because that country is incompetent . 
  no idea what you tried to write there, 
  think you misunderstood what i wrote , reread please, 
  trump didnt win with direct democracy though , clinton won the popular vote ... 
   the definition of a good system is it 's ability to function in the real world . 
  a false statement . 
  though i understand your point of view . 
  you cant disagree there arent more representative systems tho because there are , at present , more representative systems of government in the world, 
  how is the length of time your government has been functioning any factor weather its a good system . 
  the world had monarchies for most of its history , is that an argument we should all go back to feudalism ? 
  your democracy is terribly undemocratic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i, 
  i still dont understand why , i heavent heard a single good argument to leave besides the issue of sovereignty ( which is retarded by itself considering the uks atrocious system of government ), 
  i was pretty shocked when she said `` you dont see any wealth here '' , and the camera goes through a completely nice village with clean streets and orderly trees and modern cars these people need an actual dose of poverty, 
  no idea what that has to do with croatians giving away serbian chocolate . 
  also this stuff is pretty old as far as controversies go, 
  huh ??? 
  what did we do ? 
  can you provide an example ? 
  from my experience speech like that only makes civil institutions seem less extreme compared to the speaker . 
  can you provide an example ? 
  from my experience speech like that only makes civil institutions seem less extreme compared to the speaker . 
  can you provide an example ? 
  from my experience speech like that only makes civil institutions seem less extreme compared to the speaker . 
  i had to look at the polish map only , if you think there are only 200 nato personell in poland you must be dumb as hell, 
  any time a refugee demands something ... 
  what are you on about ? 
  its strange , the immigrant crisis that was partly her own fault has lead to the whole of europe leaning further right , it caused brexit and the rise of far right parties . 
  yet you people think keeping her in power will bring stability ?? 
  i dont believe that 0 % on the uk for a second, 
  just for general information , which countries will be hardest hit if/when the uk leaves the common market ? 
  so its the cutting down of sick trees whats being protested ? 
  well is it ? 
  did this government say explicitly it will protect bia\u0142owie\u017ca or not ? 
  where do you live ? 
  a whole 4 or 5 of them are actually used, 
  im a little bit confused by your wording . 
  are the new polish laws `` the same as germany , spain , netherlands , austria '' ? 
  can justice ministers in those countries dismiss and appoint judges at any time ? 
  im pretty sure i saw these in br\u00fctal legend, 
  for putin amd trump id understand , but where do you get erdogan as a stronger figure ? 
  people need to learn the difference between the ak-47 and the ak-74 . 
  this pic makes it look like a distant mirage or hologram, 
  cyprus looks better than their current terrible flag, 
  did this agreement specify they lose their refugee status as soon as they pass peaceful turkey ? 
  what law ? 
  did i miss something or did this pass through the eu parlament ? 
  all i can find is a failed agreement between interior ministers and i cant imagine in what way that is legaly binding for member states, 
  regimes dont form people thats the stupidest thing ive ever heard . 
  even the most advanced government propaganda barely works in most countries . 
  all those examples are bad . 
  washington can take governors to court if they refuse federal laws or regulations btw, 
  there was no agreement between the countries sanctioned and the eu . 
  european funds for developing members dude, 
  is water in these places safe ? 
  i mean flooding any kind of mine will make the water take on a bunch of metals that can be a health hazard, 
  vatican = / = holy see they have an observatory and a surprising amount of scientists they have a swiss guard i may be wrong but i think there are no female vatican members, 
  man i must have missed when i got rich . 
  was it when i got the second ferrarri or the zacht ? 
  krtek jo\u017ein z ba\u017ein wanting to have a sea \u0161vejk moravia vs bohemia czech memes are on point, 
  yeah its pretty much safer . 
  i assume youre talking about terrorism because the chances of dying from that are astronomical . 
  but murders , assaults and general `` violence '' are only going down, 
  meamwhile ... i dont see any walls between murrika and meheeko, 
  you are delusional . 
  british trade with the eu stands at around 50 % . 
  half your economy will be jeopardised if you dont make a deal, 
  i hear they can still read the old norse scripts , and that their language hasnt changed much from old norse, 
  alexandria was a greek city brugh , some numidians were egyptian pharaohs, 
  finland leads ( top 5 ) in areas such as education , environmentalism , happiness , literacy , income equality, 
  no not really , for any further clarification send me pms, 
  pretty much confirming every italian stereotype of being stupid, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awqdloonkdi documentary on it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jisojslchym bbc on it, 
  does nobody here know of the north korean work camps in russia ? 
  essentially russia gets slave labor, 
  i think it was made that way to try and make as many words different from serbian as possible, 
  we spend our holydays there pula amphitheater  rome colloseum they add j into every possible word ( mleko -  mlijeko ) national park with cool waterfalls checkers are very recognizable at any sports event crocop !, 
  we have another video on top here showing the mayor of some town putting 5 envelopes i . 
  this is closely monitored ? 
  what a joke, 
  im glad you ignored the second option between ignoring funding for war and ignoring killing babies . 
  most religious people would view the second option even more abhorrent since the nurse would be directly responsible .
