  so yes , there is no difference in the sense that these people are refusing to do their jobs due to a personal morality law . 
  in the army this makes sense because youre drafted/forced into joining , as normal job you can quit at any time, 
  chaos gate was a masterpiece, 
  guys just a heads up . 
  this is no different than that woman in kentucky who refused to grant marriage licences , or that nurse in sweden who refused to perform abortions . 
  if youre not doing your job , you deserve to get fired . 
  its tht simple , even more so if youre a public servant . 
  imma stop you right there , athens was the dirtiest , small children begging , drunks on sidewalk sleeping , wild cats and pidgeons infested , every third building or sidewalk under construction - excuse for a capital city i ever had the displeasure of visiting, 
  im not sure if you read the papers in the link but several of them talk about how the animals are in pain during ritual slaughter . 
  where she got this '' its the same as stunned cattle '' bullshit i have no idea . 
  [ removed ], 
  we 'd be lucky enough to even have a stereotype . 
  i huess the one where we deny being balkan and want to be like austria or something . 
  there really isnt much to do here . 
  our biggest selling point is `` come look at the shit that would be here even if we did nothing '', 
  wait you mean washington and oregon ? 
  i always pictured those as beautiful wooded/mountainous states with lively capital cities full of artists, 
  \u010dokolino is a brand of `` cereal '' but its really just porridge + chocolate + added vitamins . 
  its considered baby food or for small children but some of us eat it as adults too, 
  that still only applies within the eu and you can still restrict non-eu citizens just the same, 
  that made 0 sense . 
  1 . people cant live in places they dont own or rent , thats called being a hobo or a trespasser 2 . you can 100 % pass a law that only naturalized citizens can own land in a city or a district ( though that is very draconian and would drive investors off ), 
  whats anti-constitutional about it ? 
  well the most obvious one is banning or taxing foreign ownership of realestate in the center of those cities, 
  slovenian has a dual grammatical number ( singular , dual , plural ) but everybody struggles with dual female conjugations, 
  pardon my ignorance but wtf is district heating . 
  im picturing giant radiators underneath a whole city district, 
  you can have it then , i live i an apartment with a high ceiling and all it gives me is a heating bill 2x as big as the neighbouring block, 
  even tho its not slovenian made i think this pic https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/1e/c9/f0/1ec9f0cf8dc205a017b83f136db6b0e8.jpg perfectly showcases the slovenian spirit . 
  ( were not fancy or aloof , we take pleasure in the simple things in life ) a good example would also be the `` kofetarica '' painting, 
  badly made goulash ( 80 % of goulash i ever tasted ) , vampi ( chopped stomach lining in a stew ) , krvavica ( blood sausage ), 
  narod je nation, 
  i can curl my tongue downwards what now bitch ? 
  was it borut pahor or danilo turk ? 
  you know that must sound grand in your language but phonetically its really comical, 
  lol we have the exact same at football matches '' kdor ne ska\u010de ni sloven ` c '', 
  think i heard `` liebe die kaiser '' in the mount and blade too . 
  though i guess that isnt really relevant anymore, 
  foster country ?? 
  the only turks i ever met in person were some soldiers/officers in kosovo . 
  they were very polite and gave us cut up kiwis and coffee . 
  not at all , with politicians you mostly have to rely ob what they did in the past and what their core principles are . 
  dont ever rely on campaign promises or any such nonsense, 
  there is a common perception that american money is mostly owed by the 1 % rich , that the lack of regulations leads to monopolies and overbearing conglomerates , that lack of standards leads to food with no clear labeling whats inside it , lets not even talk about the lack of free welfare ( we already have free public + payable private ) . 
  these are all complex issues but from my country most examples of american policis have been shown in a bad light, 
  im not an economist but i figure if greece has a debt problem the countries that are owed the largest shares should erase that debt in exchange for smaller favours ( like discounts on greek products or greek realestate ), 
  but in all actuality , the amphitheater in pula really is nice , it has a normal preserved center unlike the colloseum in rome so you can walk around in the center and live your imaginary gladiator battle, 
  well if we looked at it as taxonomy . 
  the correct way would be your nationality first , then being slav, 
  a slovene actor demeter bitenc played dick stone in winnetou, 
  is that why all your tabloids almost exclusively make money on the account of the royal family ? 
  yeah surely you dont care about them at all . 
  as for us we dont have one . 
  the concept of royalty is wholy alien to slovenians, 
  in my childhood ljubljana had a lot of people from yugo wars , especially bosnians . 
  can tell you it was pretty much worse than it is now . 
  second generation mostly banded together into its own closed group and made trouble in some way . 
  nowdays they either blended in or returned back but i have no fond memories of walking past groups of \u0107efurs on the street at night, 
  also model ( ... model ? ), 
  1 . europe doesnt border any conflict zone , the closest would be libya . 
  legally speaking once you cross a peaceful country to get to the eu you 're no longer a refugee fearing for their life , but an economic migrant seeking better living standards than turkey has to offer . 
  2 . i fail to see any foundation of the eu that says we need to take care of or accept refugees . 
  not that i 'm personally not for humanitarionism . 
  but it can be done in a more proper way that doesnt compromise national security 3 . germany 's checking for refugee status is laughable . 
  and even when they are not granted that position germany is still obligated to house and take care of them for years before their case is resolved, 
  yeah im sure the 2 million that came to germany were a majority from conflict zones and and mostly comprised of families , women and children and they all had documents and passports, 
  absolutely no country should be forced or punished legally for not accepting refugees if its not their policy to do so period . 
  also i fail to see what law there is in place for refugee quotas . 
  an agreement is is not an eu law , saying v4 should accept quotas because other countries voted that means we should also let new eu members in based on a majority vote, 
  we just say '' pardon '' but i think that has french roots anyway, 
  im not against fptp entirely , but the system where the winner gets all the points of a state simply for having a majority is extremely stupid . 
  why dont you all implement maine 's system ? 
  im from ljubljana , most english speakers take one look at that name and just go nope.jpg ( btw its lyoo-blya-nah ), 
  it wont stop terrorism in the slightest . 
  its like saying she will stop pollution by installing gps trackers in cars . 
  it might sound vaguely related but it doesnt do a damn thing to stop pollution, 
  whats conservative about ireland ? 
  you just had the most successful gay acceptance campaign ever, 
  thw shit didnt start i 2000 you were considered surrender monkeys since ww2 . 
  which is sad because pre ww2 the french armies dominated almost any european conflict . 
  i guess it was bad due to being army food . 
  this was at a military camp . 
  but that soup that tasted like pickle vinegar was the lowest point of the kitchen experience there, 
  mushroom soup , sometimes called mushroom cream soup in english . 
  we had that in poland and it tasted awful, 
  `` ja glej ga '' - `` well look at him '' ( speaking to the dog directly while adressing it in 3rd person ) similar to `` whoose a good boy '' in tone `` kaj je ? '', 
  - `` what is it '' / what are you up to . 
  generaly used to hype the dog while not really saying anything since it cant answer `` priden ku\u017ea / pes '' - good doggy/dog, 
  never , you do see plenty of domesticated cats run around villages tho . 
  its a shame since they are big killers of birds, 
  its ruskiy and ruskiyani . 
  we dont have a word for an unidetified man ( ex : `` there is a john doe in the morgue '' ) but for a generic slovenian we use '' janez novak '' . 
  which is kind of ironic too since janez is fast becoming an extinct name, 
  prettiest : radovljica , ljubljana , piran , bovec ... they all have their charn ugliest : jesenice, 
  sheep = volnati travojed, 
  why not , remove the ethnic tag and its just two groups killing each other . 
  i realize bombs in bars arent the same as entire villages shot to death but still , besides the sheer scope its not that different . 
  coming from ireland that like saying why should north and republic ever unite if they had the ira and bombing stuff . 
  think i speak for all the balkans and some other slav countries when i get annoyed at `` ic '' surnames spoken in english . 
  niko belic is niko belich .
