  do you assume every number is someone 's date of birth ? 
  i suppose it gives you a chance to discriminate on yet another variable ( age ) . 
  freedom of speech means you can legally be a racist or homophobic , but it is not socially acceptable to be so . 
  it also counts as hate speech when is illegal . 
  go crawl back to the filthy inbred hole you came from , presumably mississippi or similar . 
  stfu you intolerant prick . 
  the only ` deviation ' round here is you . 
  why should anyone have the right to speak out against black people and gays ? 
  if europe 's problem is that it is too tolerant then that confirms we have created the greatest society on earth . 
  that we have such a reputation for lgbt tolerance, 
  a pro-russian ukrainian militant said how they are fighting the ` euro gays ' . 
  makes me proud to be european . 
  i did n't say it was racism , just that it may have made sense to allow the ussr to have slavic europe . 
  also america does not care about other countries ' national interests, 
  an american invasion or rather liberation would have been a good thing . 
  in exchange for joining nato and maybe hosting a us base , czechoslovakia would have received marshall aid and its place as a european democracy would have continued . 
  if this were the case , today czechoslovakia would probably be as rich as austria . 
  my theory is that the usa did not press too hard for czechoslovakia despite its wealth ( industrialised , cultural , democracy ) because it has a slavic language and culture . 
  perhaps in czechoslovakia had spoke german it would have been on the western side of the iron curtain . 
  italians do n't care about eurovision ? 
  even in the uk it is huge, 
  euro area 18, 
  most of the most popular newspapers in the uk are anti-eu and the bbc has to reflect this . 
  it is remarkable how pro-eu we are given this . 
  my long standing support for turkish eu membership has gone . 
  turkey no longer conforms to the basic values expected of a european nation and shows no sign of getting better . 
  we mist accept that turkey is not culturally european and too big to integrate . 
  i view the czech republic as a central european country like austria , not eastern . 
  your country is one of the best examples of ` welcome back to your european family ' . 
  ( i 'm british btw ), 
  i just read up on both , they are scarily socially conservative . 
  so civic platform supports it and law & justice does n't ? 
  if poland wants to be a powerful core eu member it will have to adopt the euro . 
  it makes so much economic sense for czech rep and poland to eventually join , surely it will be in progress by 2020 ? 
  i thought you scandis were all the same ? 
  at the current rate you 're economy is heading , you will be a net recipient on eu funds within the decade !, 
  do you think there will ever be a popular majority in favour of euro ? 
  and for sweden ? 
  britain could rule the eu on a joint anglo-german axis , but unfortunately is an uncooperative motherfucker, 
  sam smith 's pub chain has price ranging from # 2 ( 4.4 % ) upwards, 
  surely you ` celtic ' nations should stand together against us anglo saxons ? 
  2 exist in scotland and one on the isle of man, 
  as most people would agree , if they had been there . 
  or correct, 
  you actually make renzi sound like a genius if he really has made that much progress . 
  what on earth is your problem with reforms like civil unions , judicial/constitutional reform and a marshall plan for the south ? 
  lega nord sits in the europe of nations and freedom group in the ep which is a far-right group including marine le pen and geert wilders . 
  m5s is in the efdd which includes ukip and nigel farage ... both are openly eurosceptic and align themselves with the hard or far right . 
  they are the polar opposite of the positive force of ciudadanos in spain . 
  do you really not discuss other countries just because you 're not absolutely sure ?? 
  this is reddit , not a phd paper . 
  look at post-crash spain and portugal and you will note the absence of political discontentment translating itself into far-right support like in greece and italy . 
  look at any economic indicator and you will see italy lags behind all of western europe . 
  it does n't have to be that way . 
  in 10 years or so you may be overtaken by the czech rep in gdp/capita or hdi terms . 
  the italian state contributes billions of euros to the catholic church directly or indirectly and it has a strong role in public life . 
  how can italy modernise when it is influenced by a centuries outdated institution ? 
  that 's why you do n't even have civil unions . 
  i 'm not italian . 
  but italy desperately needs reforms to keep its economy competitive and modern ( widespread lack of high speed internet etc , poor education and english ) . 
  renzi was elected to do this but has been ineffective and not radical enough , not all his fault . 
  italians seem to be electing so absolutely vile parties like lega nord ( far right , separatist ) and 5 star movement ( like podemos + ukip ) , in contrast to spain and portugal where the far right is non-existent . 
  also , the level of corruption is frankly disgusting for such a rich developed country . 
  summary : economy is slipping away from western europe due to terrible political situation and vested interests ( corruption , catholics etc ) . 
  this to be honest , i have reddit, 
  from an outsider 's perspective , italy is running itself into the ground amd does n't give a shit . 
  they used to be richer than gb , france , germany etc. 
  what ? 
  this is an unsustainable figure . 
  but as well as limiting non-eu immigration , we must also tackle the birth rate . 
  the queen is certainly a believer in the post wat consensus which lasted from 1945-79 when both labour and conservatives supported social welfare and a mixed economy . 
  i appreciate your amusing response !, 
  that 's how british irish banter should be . 
  we 're talking about the queen 's guards , not the queen dickshit, 
  perhaps you should read le daily mail, 
  queen 's guard is not our culture , it 's pomp associated with the royals . 
  disrespect it as much as you want , it 's a free country . 
  why are irish people still so butt hurt over that ? 
  move on so we can joke about it, 
  did not know that !, 
  what i thought the north was far more densely populated . 
  i 'm talking about lazio and northwards, 
  yeah ... but italian households are amongst the wealthiest in europe . 
  and if you look at a map of eu gdp per capita at a regional level , northern italy is richer than most of france and much of the uk . 
  source : http://i1311.photobucket.com/albums/s666/malaria2000/gross_domestic_product_gdp_per_inhabitant_in_purchasing_power_standard_pps_by_nuts_2-filled1_zpsd42fabd3.png, 
  look italy , if it comes to it just have a gay marriage referendum ( divorce was introduced by referendum in italy and turnout in italy is high so the majority supporting gay marriage should prevail ) . 
  obviously the catholic campaigning would be brutal and effective , but a yes vote would make up for italy 's slow progress on lgbt rights and weaken the catholic church in a wider sense . 
  of the general public . 
  in a eurobarometer poll , british support for euro membership was 20 % . 
  i recognise that distinction , that 's why despite the fact only ~ 20 % of the public are proper europhiles , the yes vote is still 40 % + and up to 60 % when you include the status-quo backing voters . 
  imo : yes voters are 20 % europhile , 20 % euro-supportive , 20 % status-quo/purely economic support . 
  i ca n't speak for the 40 % of no voters because i really do n't know any of them or their social groups . 
  about 20-25 % of the uk are europhiles based on surveys for eurozone membership , lib dem votes , guardian readers etc. 
  so it 's a significant small minority . 
  yeah many of them have a valid claim to asylum . 
  but claiming asylum does not allow them to opt-out from the democratic and tolerant values we generally adhere to in europe . 
  but now we have far right parties who can use it to provoke xenophobia against eu citizens, 
  these migrants ( africans , middle easterns etc ) are actually the cause of xenophobia in europe because it makes people think all migrants are like them , even other europeans . 
  the dutch do sound like a boring lot today !, 
  have some anglo-saxon impulsiveness !,
