it simply does n't make sense . 
  unless you live in london or an inner city , 90 % + of the people you see in the street are white british and speak english . 
  the survey must have been of incontinent senile daily express/mail readers who have not left their house/nursing home for years . 
  if the money you give to the eu for the purpose of economic mismanagement is wasted , surely that means it has failed its intended purpose of mismanagement and has instead managed the economy . 
  what 's your point , they have all collapsed but the tabloids still have a far greater absolute share . 
  are you familiar with the british press ? 
  most of their criticism is based on the negative consequences of free movement , green regulations and worker protection . 
  most of the press is right wing and their stories are in favour of their owner 's interests . 
  granted , their are valid criticism of red tape , but mist are sensationalised . 
  you will rarely find a constructive and engaging criticism of the cap or fiscal policy , indeed the most likely place you would find this is the pro-eu guardian . 
  if it were n't for the british press have publishing anti-eu propaganda for the past 25 years , we might a lot more pro-eu . 
  especially is the pro-eec tories of 1975 combined with lib dem and new labour eu supporters . 
  headline figures : 56 % in total want to stay in ( 14 % want more integration , 29 % stay the same , 34 % economic but not political union ) . 
  only 17 % want to leave altogether , roughly ukip 's support levels . 
  only 7 % consider the eu to be the most important issue facing britain . 
  ok , maybe that bit only applied to northern ireland . 
  that 's hardly a fair comparison , the netherlands is a modern and peaceful country, 
  which one 's better ? 
  i heard from an italian that slovenian roads are better than italy . 
  there are quite a few more countries in europe than britain ... 
  that 's a rude word to describe your ancestors as, 
  rural and catholic but not backward is like saying snowy and icy but not cold . 
  yes , i 'm european, 
  ireland 's a backward , rural and catholic country . 
  not a criticism ( although i do not personally like these attributes ) , it 's fact . 
  what about nrg ? 
  i believe he acted honestly on that technicality . 
  there would have been huge problems as it would not have passed . 
  as i have said before , there 's no way the general public should have a say on a complex treaty drafted by politicians . 
  not true , the principles of political and economic union existed at the time and anyway , i do n't believe a decision needs to be reaffirmed when something evolves . 
  given that logic , why are n't the current generation of mps debating things like the death penalty or decriminalisation of homosexuality ? 
  there are vicious elements within the tory party who would be anti-eu even if it gave everyone in the uk a million euros . 
  cheers for linking me to the rock #solid evidence of your own comment on another post . 
  not all of us want green regulations and consumer protection slashed , go live in china or the usa if you want that . 
  you discredited yourself with the repetitive # 50 million a day figure . 
  this figure does n't even include the money the uk gets back from the eu , let alone trade and efficiency benefits . 
  fine then . 
  it 's like me or you hating britain because of the bedroom tax passed by the conservative controlled parliament . 
  what is the ` eu system ' ? 
  it 's like blaming the ` british system ' for my above examples . 
  i am not a fan of direct democracy , giving the people a vote on complex constitutional issues is ludacras . 
  we elect politicians for a reason . 
  me too, 
  even a eurosceptic think tank ruled out the eea option and less preferable than the current situation . 
  we would have to abide by most eu laws with no say in them whatsoever . 
  we would still have freedom of movement so ukip voters and racists would not be satisfied . 
  in norway they call it rule by fax machine . 
  also , eea countries have to contribute a considerable amount for their access . 
  you know that the eu is simply an evolution of the existing goals of the eec . 
  this is the problem though , every time something changes people will demand a new referendum . 
  a referendum would not put it to bed . 
  the referendum in 1975 was meant to do that . 
  if the scots vote no by 55-45 , there will be another referendum in about 15 years . 
  also a northern england federalist . 
  in reality it 's not a massive issue for most people who simply do n't understand it . 
  the tabloids may publish a story about some crazy new eu law and the people blame it on the eu . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  it 's like being against sweden because i disapprove of some of the laws their government has made . 
  really they should be blaming the parties in the european parliament which passed the law . 
  this also leads to people viewing high salaries and bonuses as just a part of the eu , despite it being tiny compared to the project in physical and ideological terms . 
  in other eu countries , the eu is seen as a physical entity which they are part of , not a foreign power dictating our laws . 
  if british people were better engaged and educated with the eu and parliament then they would be more supportive , but political participation is falling in all areas . 
  tldr : british people are not necessarily against the concept of european integration , but falsely believe ridiculous laws , bureaucracy and massive salaries are part of it due to the tabloid media . 
  the euro is not perfect !!!, 
  there is no fiscal/banking union , it makes german exports artificially cheap , it creates huge imbalances within the ez , southern europe can not devalue and ecb policy is set for germany . 
  which for the average european is the main advantage of the euro, 
  on the theme of french/british comedy i would like to share the harry & paul parodies of the special edition french car adverts in the 1990s . 
  here is the citron \u00c9dition special\u00e9 draucla footballing http://youtu.be/gphua4jj_5a . 
  the uk was not as bad as germany blocking quantitative easing . 
  the uk and usa pumped billions into their economies whilst cutting spending . 
  both countries are now back to near-trend growth levels . 
  it is such a basic economic truth that you can not have both tight fiscal and monetary policy . 
  i question the political independence of the ecb and bundesbank which appear to be arms of the cdu/csu , run according to the needs of bavaria . 
  which would create a northern core euro as these would be the only countries able to meet it . 
  the southern countries would be stuck in a weak southern euro or their own currencies with no incentive to reform . 
  loss of ecb voting rights ? 
  the euro could act like the us dollar does on a global level , but within europe . 
  if all transactions under say $ 100,000 were in euros then almost all consumer purchases would fall within it , but countries could denominate their debt in domestic currencies and also trade in them . 
  this solution would give the convenience and unity of the euro to consumers/tourists , whilst allowing countries to control their monetary policy and debt . 
  bland does not mean unpleasant , but i would prefer something more flavoursome . 
  i enjoy a high quality sunday roast when cooked by my mother or a country pub and have never had to suffer a shitty one ( never been to a toby carvery ) . 
  no matter how nice it is , it just does n't come close to a good curry or pasta dish or stir fry for me . 
  native british food is bland ( sunday roast ) to vile ( most other stuff like shepherd 's pie ) . 
  however , the uk excels at food like curry and other cuisines which we eat more regularly than native foods . 
  i have found the standard of food in british restaurants to be one of the best in the world . 
  northern european food was limited by the types of food available . 
  i am not an expert on the irish , but taking into account other responses i have received i get the impression that many irish are pro-choice/atheists and political parties avoid abortion for fear of a vocal minority . 
  given this , and the fact that ireland still bans abortion , it suggests the state is ruled to some extent by the catholic religion . 
  why is n't it put to a referendum then like gay marriage ? 
  i think it 's disgusting how ireland is ruled as a theocracy . 
  srebrenica 2 : ` muricans of kosovo, 
  i agree that belgium is the most similar country to the uk within europe . 
  same terrible weather , large deindustrialised areas , similar style of buildings , beer, 
  most commentors on the guardian support russia and china over the usa . 
  i would answer yes or no based on tiny variations in how i interpreted the question . 
  should religion/islam be in german society ? 
  should islam be tolerated ? 
  yes . 
  do i approve of islam ? 
  are muslims part of german society ?
