  at the end of the day , juncker is not anyone 's first choice , but he was democratically elected so i will be loyal to our new president . 
  it has to , and will , happen gradually . 
  probably in 50 years barring a euro implosion or war, 
  do n't worry , we 're less religious than catholic southern germany . 
  as this story and most anecdotes show , we a progressing not regressing . 
  uk government does something good for once . 
  could be a mistake . 
  i do n't have the will power ( which perhaps suggests i do n't mind living the uk ) . 
  i spent 5 years of learning german at school , it 's not easy !, 
  apart from ireland , where else in the eu uses english day to day ? 
  if i could speak another language i would leave the uk in a heartbeat :(, 
  the eu is not dictating these proceedings , it is simply about the flag . 
  if we start squabbling over a flag it makes us no better than the northern irish . 
  i 'm british and i agree , fuck the british . 
  i 'm british , i wish i was german . 
  it pisses me off as much as you . 
  kind of a grey area , but it still probably counts as hate speech . 
  i hate the religion for sure ( although even that is publicly unacceptable ) . 
  it 's probably not right to say you hate them , but the rest of your points are absolutely correct . 
  it 's the fact the british legal system is lashing out is what 's worrying, 
  freedom of speech , or protecting religion from offence ? 
  i back freedom of speech every single time . 
  someone who ca n't accept they 're wrong, 
  he is talking about two levels ( ` speeds ' ) of integration , not economic strength , which is the core and the periphery . 
  you know the word ` federal ' has been misrepresented by the media . 
  in reality , a federal europe ( or rather confederal ) is what we already have because countries can govern themselves with some power to the eu . 
  when people in the uk talk of a federal europe , they really mean a centralised europe where extensive national powers go to brussels . 
  such a case would not be federalism . 
  surpass italy by 2020 ? 
  wow . 
  the 2008 crash has created a lost decade or two . 
  if slovenia ( for example ) had continued its pre-2008 growth trends then it could have already done so . 
  i would say we are out of crisis mode, 
  i presume that any proposals for fiscal union also assume common eurobonds . 
  would be ridiculous otherwise . 
  northern ireland being coloured as part of the republic of ireland !, 
  * what was the european debt crisis, 
  can you balls find enclaves of old english anywhere in the uk !, 
  oh that 's not good ... 
  we may use miles by default for distance , but i think most of us also understand/can relate to km !, 
  lita pegged to euro since 2002 ( very strong growth until 2008 crisis ) 2 . 
  lithuania does not have the high sovereign debt which caused crises in southern europe 3 . 
  latvia and estonia have continued to grow strongly since euro 4 . 
  if anything it will make it easier to trade with germany and others 5 . 
  increased stability of exchange rates due to world 's largest currency , not prone to russian speculative attacks tldr : there is no reason that the euro would harm the economy, 
  which is what czech , poland and hungary appear to be doing !, 
  it 's time to invoke article 7 of the lisbon treaty . 
  hungary is infringing on fundamental european values so its diplomatic relations should be frozen . 
  verhofstadt wanted this ages ago . 
  guy verhofstadt on hungary [ updated ] : http://youtu.be/w25ahnassz0, 
  if you must use shitty spelling and grammar , at least get your common knowledge facts right . 
  i have heard fellow scandinavians describe it as a ` clinging to a barely inhabitable rock in the north atlantic ', 
  too soon, 
  it 's terrible that \u00d6vp is a major force in austrian politics, 
  no worries mate . 
  very interesting , i have a few questions . 
  why would \u00d6vp go into coalition with fp\u00d6 , especially as sp\u00d6 won ? 
  what form were these sanctions ? 
  did the situation only end with the 2002 elections ? 
  i have an interest in continental politics , but do you seriously expect me to remember the 1999 austrian elections ? 
  can you tell me what happened in the 1997 uk general election ? 
  i know all the austrian l\u00e4nder and your main 3 political parties which means i have above average knowledge of austria for a non-austrian . 
  especially as i 'm british, 
  because nobody has a clue what you 're talking about ? 
  but no border control whatsoever could legally exist if the uk was in schengen . 
  the french are obliged to maintain a border due to it being an external schengen one, 
  very kind , i will return to this comment any time i 'm in need of an \u00d6, 
  that 's the uk 's fault for not being in schengen, 
  i 'm using a qwerty ( brit . 
  keyboard , not exactly convenient . 
  would have looked worse if i put fpoe, 
  do n't you dare touch schengen !, 
  no , it 's not my opinion , it 's one of the 4 principles the eu was founded on . 
  ` article i-4 of the constitution guarantees the free movement of persons , goods , services and capital within the union ( the famous `` four freedoms '' ) and strictly prohibits any discrimination on grounds of nationality . ', 
  you see if you get rid of freedom of movement then eu citizens will be treated differently to domestic citizens . 
  then , you get the common market under threat . 
  the euro came much later . 
  how can anyone take your views seriously when you use ridiculous scenarios like russia joining the eu or the ukraine in less than a decade ? 
  also , you do not need your passport for most eu flights . 
  freedom of movement is a fundamental principle in the eu and if you got rid off it the whole basis of the project could be challenged . 
  moving in the eu is not immigrating from country to country , it just moving around the same body like someone moving from newcastle to london . 
  cough cough fpo ... 
  is that high or low ? 
  bosnia is much poorer, 
  slovenia produced 25 % of yugoslavian gdp despite containing less than 10 % of the population . 
  it is also surrounded by wealthy austria and italy . 
  as any ethnic map of the balkans will show you , slovenia is very ethnically homogenous so was barely affected by the balkan wars . 
  add those to eu funds and a beautiful country and you see what hopefully the rest of eastern europe will become . 
  it 's basically between romania/bulgaria poor and poland poor . 
  very true , most racists are christian . 
  in both the usa and uk . 
  get the fuck out of my country you fucking ignorant bell end . 
  i don ' think ska keller will get that many seats !, 
  oh i 'm sure the germans like her . 
  southern europe hates here and other northern europeans hate her lack of leadership to create a fiscal union and euro bonds . 
  we would if we were eurozone, 
  i 'm pro-eu and support immigration , but this rate of eu migration is causing anger in the lower classes of society . 
  i guess it comes as a punishment for having english as the modern ligua franca . 
  which is a shame given that merkel caused spanish hyper unemployment ( not that any other eu leader has shown any leadership , except verhofstadt ), 
  icelandic twist on the nazi flag is sexyv,
