  yes . 
  etc etc, 
  the only liberal/left opposition to the csu, 
  i thought of that top picture as soon as i saw the picture of the bih parliament . 
  the strasbourg chamber is a hell of a lot nicer , but it still does n't justify the ridiculous annual move . 
  this map shows , globally speaking , his rich europe is . 
  even our very poorest countries like moldova and ukraine have a decent percentage of internet use . 
  for the uk it was obviously the late 1700s to 1914 when we had the largest empire , the most industry and global naval dominance . 
  since then it was probably 1945-73 when there was socialism and a booming economy . 
  many would also consider the late 1980 's golden due to thatcher , personally i like 1997-2001 when the economy was booming , blair was a good guy , we had government surpluses and cool britannia . 
  the 1970s was the first decade that italy stopped being a country of emigrants, 
  very left-wing ahahaha . 
  the lib dems have always been considered central between labour and the conservatives . 
  they are now as rightwing as the conservatives , just without the xenophobia and cruelty . 
  ffs , i said ` should ' which is an modal verb . 
  anyway , i do n't believe in nato and would prefer an eu defence force which cooperates with the usa rather than being led by it . 
  the emphasis is on ` should ', 
  this should be europe 's job, 
  nice one mark corrigan, 
  well we can be thankful switzerland is not in the union then . 
  ps : you are the first eurosceptic portuguese i have come across, 
  i absolutely agree with you . 
  my point was that the uk could maximise its economic gains from the eu if it integrated more and built the single market with greater enthusiasm . 
  more integration = more efficiency . 
  do all 28 members really need an embassy in laos ? 
  does telefonica have to operate as a separate entity in all 28 members ? 
  of the eu15 , yes it is . 
  even in the eu28 , who is less integrated ? 
  that 's not true , take a minute to look at french and german proficiency maps . 
  bottom of the table is uk . 
  least integrated = least beneficial, 
  it would be a shame if there was n't a new member until montenegro joins and formalises its membership, 
  but they have to adopt it at some point, 
  but for instance slovenian euro coins are very interesting, 
  next stop , czech republic ? 
  nice euro coin design , but a shame it 's the same on all coins . 
  i support european drone strikes on the separatists , perhaps ` accidentally ' hitting targets on the russian side of the border . 
  i do n't imagine there 's a country in the world where the police could be trusted with a wallet . 
  i handed in a wallet containing only cash ( no id ) to a british police station . 
  only later did i realise they did not ask me where i found it , take my details or ask me to fill in a form . 
  i have never heard anyone say atheists ca n't have morals . 
  i have never even come across that idea before . 
  come on now , most people care more about events like srebrenica which are not only recent , but happened in modern europe . 
  british isolationists do not consider the opinions of ` foreigners ' to be valid . 
  srebrenica is the biggest stain on dutch history . 
  it is simply unforgivable and despite the atrocities my own country has committed , i 'm still glad not to have that on my national conscience . 
  probably a better aaa country to support than luxembourg !, 
  netherlands is also a good aaa team . 
  everyone i know supported germany with 3 exceptions : one was argentinian , one had argentina in a work sweepstake and another desperately wanted to see brazil suffer !, 
  funny , me and my germany supporting friends were making falklands jokes . 
  over the channel ? 
  merkel is admired by many brits ( including right wingers ) for running a strong economy and even eurosceptics realise it 's counterproductive to dislike her . 
  but not post cold war . 
  their needs to be an eu ish group . 
  would n't surprise me if that law only existed in the uk since it serves no purpose and has no justification, 
  his mocking tone and use of parallels to create humour . 
  o ca n't really explain , but it is very similar to what one might watch on a british comedy show like mock the week . 
  i am surprised americans enjoy this as their humour is different . 
  why the fuck was i down voted ? 
  what i found most interesting was a british comedian using typical british comedy satire on american tv, 
  the usual eurosceptic spiel . 
  i love my continent and would n't betray it even if it would be good for the economy . 
  maybe one day you will realise how lucky you are . 
  the time for europe to spend money on war has passed . 
  starting by leaving our largest trading partner . 
  right then ... 
  falling military expenditure is a good thing . 
  even if europe spent 10 % of gdp on the military , we could n't have stopped crimean annexation . 
  by definition they are . 
  isolationists and federalists are both a minority . 
  not true at all . 
  even i can admit not many are federalists , but the most informed people do not favour withdrawal . 
  the average brit wants partial integration ( probably favouring keeping the status quo if it was n't for tabloid bullshit ), 
  man , you just completely destroyed me with your argument there . 
  well done !, 
  i did n't realise i was uneducated . 
  in that case , go fuck yourself . 
  on an incredibly low turnout, 
  because you 're a fringe minority group, 
  his would benelux get left out of this union ? 
  ridiculous, 
  a eurosceptic pole ? 
  chances are you 're a neo-nazi ultra-nationalist . 
  hopefully for evermore, 
  there would be fair usage limits . 
  also , would n't a slovenian contract be more expensive than a greek one ? 
  hopefully sometime there will be eu wide operators . 
  because they would all have identical designs ( like driving licences ) except the country code . 
  do you still not understand ? 
  i would love to use the estonian system !, 
  i think all cards should have the same level of tech , whether each member state utilises this is up to them . 
  what does need to be harmonised is the visual design . 
  because few people outside lithuania ( or the baltic 's ) have a clue what a legit lithuanian looks like so they can not judge if it 's real or fake, 
  driving licences do , but not id cards, 
  common eu id cards now please !, 
  i 'm not being overly pro-european , it 's just that 28 different id cards is impractical and here in the uk it causes confusion ( such as some shops not accepting foreign ids as valid for alcohol ! ), 
  politically motivated fine against a european bank for committing relatively minor offences . 
  disgusting hypocrisy given us banks caused the global financial crisis . 
  why the fuck did cameron not nominate an alternative candidate ? 
  dalia grybautskaite would have had my backing , the reformist-minded states and eastern europe .
