we have kebab ( and pizza ) restaurants even in the smallest towns in finland . 
  and it 's perfectly normal for an average finn to have a kebab meal every now and then . 
  i rarely see immigrants eating kebab , though . 
  in my small hometown with a population of 11k , there 's only two immigrant families from turkey that i know of and both families own a kebab restaurant . 
  it 's probably the easiest way to make a living here as an immigrant . 
  definitely sweden . 
  the only thing breaking the almost perfect illusion of being in finland is the different currency . 
  estonia feels also very much like finland nowadays . 
  at least the non soviet-looking modern areas of tallinn . 
  not necessarily the end but will cause more financial problems . 
  this is a perfect example of why you should n't put all your eggs in the same basket . 
  they are too dependent on the asian routes . 
  the same thing with valio 's dairy exports to russia . 
  i hope this conflict functions as a wake-up call for finnish export companies to not rely too much on one single market . 
  russians are used to having a strong leader . 
  to justify their existence , the leaders have to show they have power by using the power . 
  and keeping people busy fighting against common `` enemies '' they can keep the nation united and guarantee support for the current government . 
  i think most of the conflicts between russia and other countries are created for domestic reasons to strengthen the current government . 
  but the thing i 'm really worried about is , do the ordinary russians really care about the justification of all these conflicts and political agendas of their leaders if their own day-to-day life is secured and they are , in general , happy with what they have ? 
  5 : finnish , english , swedish , german and i 've studied the basics of russian . 
  and i can order beer in french and in spanish . 
  i see my identity in this kind of a hierarchy : western finland  finland  northern europe  europe even though finland can be seen as a very homogenous country , there are cultural differences inside the country and therefore i see myself more as a `` western finn '' than , for example , an `` eastern finn '' . 
  however , being a finn is the main identity for me . 
  i do n't know any practical differences because we switched to euro about the same time when i became 18 and started to handle my own economy . 
  but at the moment i can not say bad things about euro because i have a very low interest rate and margin in my home loan . 
  i 'm no expert so i can not say if it 's because of the euro but at least the currency is more stable nowadays . 
  i 've heard of huge interest rates and huge volatility when the old finnish markka was still in use . 
  the finnish central bank ca n't devaluate the currency anymore like they did in the old days ( in 1992 or so ... ) . 
  and of course it 's very easy to travel in the eurozone and use money like at home no matter where you are . 
  taking a ferry from helsinki to tallinn is like going to another finnish city . 
  switzerland . 
  i was driving around the alps ( france , italy , switzerland , austria ) for over a week two years ago and i totally fell in love with switzerland . 
  all the people were very nice and helpful and i really loved the atmosphere in the little mountain villages and even the bigger cities . 
  the agriculture was flourishing in even the most remote places and everything was well maintained . 
  i want to go back there some day and in fact it is one of the very few countries i 've visited on a holiday and thought i 'd like to live there !, 
  it 's a tough competition with norway . 
  i have visited norway multiple times and every time i 've felt that i need to get to know more of this country . 
  it 's like `` being at home '' since everything works like you would expect in a nordic country and spending holidays there is very easy . 
  i know it 's strange because in holidays you usually tend to like the little differences but there 's something in norway that makes me love it . 
  the scenery is of course a lot different than in finland and the people seem to be more open and enjoying their lives more than people in finland and sweden . 
  it 's `` always '' been said that for example vaasa is the sunniest city in finland because of the sea but never more specifically what causes it . 
  can it be something to do with temperature differences between the coastal area and the inland ? 
  in many sunny and warm summer days looking from the sea you can clearly see that the sky is clear over the sea and the coastal areas but the inland is covered with cumulus clouds . 
  i had pretty much the same thought process myself and therefore i voted for sfp/rkp as well . 
  i think they should consider changing the name of the party to something like `` liberaalipuolue/liberala partiet '' to attract more voters . 
  central heating from the district heating network which covers about 90 % of the city of vaasa . 
  the heat is made by burning household waste , biomass and some other fuels in power plants which create both heat and electricity . 
  the production is said to be over 70 % carbon neutral . 
  never shot a gun until i was doing my 12 months of military conscription . 
  we had a lot of practice in shooting the sako/valmet rk 62 assault rifle ( a finnish made kalashnikov clone ) and once we even had the opportunity to try an fn pistol made in belgium . 
  after the military conscription , i 've only shot a few practice rounds during compulsory military refresher exercises . 
  there are people in my family who own guns for hunting purposes but i 've never had the need to own a gun myself . 
  for me , guns are just a tool for securing our nation 's sovereignty when our military forces tells me to use one . 
  and i hope i 'll never have to use a gun for it 's real purpose . 
  when visiting the us a few years ago , the people i talked to would really quickly make it clear ( either by saying it out loud or you found it out between the lines ) if they were supporting the democrats or the republicans . 
  i have the feeling that in the us your personal political view means a lot more to people than it means in europe . 
  it 's part of your public identity in the us and you have to show it to other people . 
  sure i talk about politics with my friends and colleagues but we do n't make it such a big deal . 
  people vote in the elections but might not tell you which party they voted for unless you are really close friends . 
  the midsummer . 
  not a single arranged event per se . 
  most of the people spend it somewhere else than at their homes . 
  if you are not going to a rock festival or some other event , you 'll probably end up spending a relaxing weekend in a summer cabin with your family or friends . 
  it 's quite creepy how quiet the bigger cities are during the midsummer weekend . 
  almost everything 's closed and there 's no people or traffic . 
  i guess the midsummer is spent this way mainly in the nordics , so it 's quite exceptional in global scale and therefore i can be a little bit proud of it . 
  kind of . . 
  the situation regarding swedish military defence is being followed quite well in finnish media . 
  there 's been some discussion about a professional army here as well but as we can see how it 's gone in sweden , i suppose we just would n't have enough voluntary people willing to make a career in the army . 
  the e62 itself is quite scenic and mountainous going over the simplon pass . 
  but the grimselpass on route 6 can really be called a mountain road . 
  it was quite interesting to climb up the hills with a rental toyota yaris with a tiny 1,3 l engine . 
   if you are interested in seeing some glaciers , you could go and see the aletsch glacier ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aletsch_glacier ) . 
  just take a cable car from a town called fiesch to the top of eggishorn . 
  it 's even more scenic place than the top of m\u00e4nnlichen i mentioned on my previous post . 
  when driving from italy to switzerland , take the e62 via the simplon pass . 
  and the grimselpass ( swiss route 6 ) towards the lake area near interlaken . 
  grindelwald just south of interlaken is worth a visit to see some nice mountains . 
  i also recommend taking a lift to the top of the m\u00e4nnlichen mountain . 
  these were among the routes i drove a few years ago while on a road trip and loved every bit of them . 
  it feels like a service i really do n't need . 
  it feels like you are paying for something you do n't need . 
  everyone can bag their own groceries , right ? 
  as a slight offtopic , this reminds me of the time when the german grocery chain lidl entered finland about a decade ago . 
  they introduced a new type of `` short '' cashier table where you 're supposed to put the groceries back to the shopping cart after their codes have been read by the cashier . 
  and you were meant to move into a special bagging area after you 've payed . 
  everyone hated the system and ignored it by bagging their stuff right there at the cashier table as in other stores . 
  this caused long queues because there was n't enough space on the table for other customer 's groceries . 
  after a few years they finally changed the tables into the standard `` long '' finnish styled tables where you can have 2 or 3 customers bagging their stuff at the same time and now everyone 's happy . 
  the situation is covered pretty well in finnish media because we are also a nation with a long border with russia . 
  therefore the changes in russian politics towards it 's western neighbours are usually well reported here . 
  i only know the basics of the situation but in my opinion concerning all these kinds of debates , a nation should be given the possibility to make these kinds of decisions themselves without other countries ( mainly eu , us or russia ) pressuring them to do anything as a nation . 
  sounds like a referendum would be a good and democratic way to make a decision on which direction ( east or west ) they should start focusing . 
  or preferably try to be neutral or completely independent , if possible ? 
  trying to be neutral as a neighbour of russia can be difficult . 
  we have our own history of the `` finlandization '' during the 60 's and 70 's : [ finlandization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finlandization ) . 
  i know , many things are different now and there 's no soviet union or the cold war anymore , but russia is still a big country with huge interest in geopolitics . 
  are there any recent poll results about how big percentage of the ukrainians are against the government ? 
  finnish : m\u00e4yr\u00e4koira literally translated it means `` a badger dog '' . 
  the word is a popular term for a 12-pack of beer : http://tinyurl.com/pfdj4pf and the word actually means `` dachshund '' .
