what the fuck was the relevance of saying that either way ? 
  sounds like he desperately wanted to get the word nuclear in there . 
  a catapult is capable of firing a nuclear bomb . 
  huh . 
  how long did he think he 'd get away with that for ? 
  well , the ocse and the ukranian media differ massively on what they claim is going on ( ocse says small amounts of ukranian amall arms fire towards rebel positions , 2 shell explosions , ukranian government says tens of thousands of russians , tanks , flamethrowers and just about everything short of a tactical nuke ), 
  presumably , if there were extra fees for roaming , and now it costs the same as regular calls , 1 of 2 things will happen : 1 ) phone companies will freely choose to make less profit because their shareholders are lovely generous people . 
  2 ) regular call fees will go up . 
  well , except that the end of roaming charges means higher regular bills , because they 're going to make their money somewhere . 
  plus the internet you might want to access will be damaged by the way this bill hits net neutrality ,, 
  meh , sounds like a win/win . 
  we get some money , and maybe google 's ai can sort out the nhs it system . 
  more alfred than robin . 
  the uk is the usa 's best tool for slowing down eu integration and damping the general anti-us sentiment in the eu . 
  possibly , but if that 's true , i 'd suggest that needlessly pissing him off is a bad move . 
  no , but it 's terrible statesmanship . 
  let 's see . 
  $ 210bn , minus the admin fees ... 
  turns out you owe them $ 50bn . 
  got ta read the fine print . 
  only one candidate has said on tv that he has no soul . 
  that 's hardly a good sign if you want a peaceful relationship . 
  she said that putin ` has no soul ' . 
  that 's foreign policy out of the gen. jack d. ripper handbook . 
  you 've got to remember that you 're an offshoot of the uk , culturally speaking . 
  so you 've got a head start on pissing of the continentals . 
  basically the only time they ever like us is when we 're actively saving their arses from one dictator or another, 
  he wo n't start a war with putin . 
  i do n't know . 
  trump 's ` we 're gon na build a wall ' would be a disaster for the usa , but clintion 's ' [ putin ] has no soul ' could be a disaster for the world . 
  or `` russia would prefer a candidate who did n't openly provoke putin '', 
  nah , saying another country 's leader ` has no soul ' is the mark of a responsible , sensible stateswoman you can totally trust to not provoke a nuclear war . 
  to be fair , clinton has been absurdly confrontational with russia . 
  it 's possible they think trump is less likely to start a war , since he at least has never gone on tv to claim putin ` has no soul ', 
  not as leader of the conservative party . 
  he could n't bring enough mps with him to make it worth labour taking him . 
  it takes 50 tory mps to sign a letter to the 1922 committee to trigger a leadership election . 
  dave would lose said election . 
  he 'd be a backbench mp , if he was allowed to remain in the party . 
  the other problem is , of course , that the power to stop the referendum is n't actually one he has . 
  he 'd have to put forward a new bill , which he 'd need support from labour to pass . 
  i 'm all for this . 
  it 'd mean that he 'd be out of office in days and the subsequent referendum would pretty much certainly be an out vote . 
  it 's probably more to do with the fact that he appropriated # 9.3 m of taxpayer 's money to send out a leaflet backing the remain campaign , just before the campaign spending limits he set up come in , which has been seen as an attempt to bias the referendum using taxpayer cash ( imagine obama donating state money to hillary 's campaign ), 
  he says , as the eu pushes for a common asylum policy . 
  which will mean a common external border force , which in turn leads to common immigration policy . 
  meanwhile , the monetary union has caused a crisis which is being used to justify common fiscal policy , tax avoidance is being used to push for common taxation , terrorism for common policing and intelligence . 
  the federalization project is steaming ahead . 
  no , the justification for the war there was to prevent the extension of german hegemony over the entirety of europe and allow us to retain self governance . 
  seems oddly familiar . 
  well , i 've never encountered an ni note , but i see plenty of scottish money and it 's never been a problem here ( durham ), 
  yeah . 
  so more accurately , people in rural areas have grandparents who still lived in tribal kingdoms . 
  not surprising at all, 
  i 'll take having different pictures on some notes over mass unemployment and the effective loss of democratic self-governance for millions of people , thanks . 
  well , it 's a bit of a damage vs. reward mismatch . 
  sanctions are fucking our economy and russia 's , but it 's just helping putin secure power with his ` us against the world ' narrative . 
  putin is n't being harmed , but the people of the eu and russia are . 
  why continue a useless policy ? 
  sorry mate , but we were in no condition to carry that one on . 
  it was up to the usa , and they chose not to nuke moscow . 
  hard to farm when you 're being shelled from 2 directions . 
  marble is n't bomb proof . 
  i like it , the marble will be easy to hose down after the fights . 
  only some verses of ours are about wars , for example this gem from the jacobite rebellion in scotland : lord grant that marshal wade may by thy mighty aid victory bring may he sedition hush and like a torrent rush rebellious scots to crush god save the king, 
  well , it depends what you consider ` europe specific ' . 
  if you consider russia as a threat essentially directed at europe , then much of the fancy tech work can be considered europe specific , since they are one of the few groups with much chance of catching nato on tech, 
  whoops , wrong thread, 
  that would be the plan . 
  the usa currently spends 175 % of the amount they are required to . 
  but if they cut their spending by over 40 % , nato would be woefully underpowered . 
  that is the slack all the underpaying nations need to pick up, 
  prestige maybe , but what assets of any real value do we get from countries that are n't the us , uk or france ? 
  sure , it 's not the fun little rainbow coalition , but it 'd have far fewer politicians keen to poke the russians and then hide behind militaries they do n't pay for, 
  and set the terms of the investigation . 
  if i paid pwc to investigate the effects of brexit , with the worst case being wto tariffs with the eu and ftas with the us , china , australia , canada , india and japan , and the alternative being staying in the eu with 1 % growth ( they used an artificially high growth prediction for remain ) the resulting report would be very optimistic, 
  it 's pretty safe right now because the us pays more than their share an a bunch of other countries basically just hide behind the 3-4 competent nato militaries . 
  they should n't . 
  nato should just make the 2 % target a requirement . 
  if you do n't put up the cash , you do n't get to be a member . 
  and why does the cbi say so ? 
  same reason the cbi said we should join the euro . 
  because they like money , and the eu keeps sending it to them . 
  these particular experts are the same experts who said that the uk would be left behind economically by the eurozone countries and desperately needed to join the euro . 
  right up until 2008 , when they went quiet . 
  i feel like if it did n't have at least one , it might collapse out of sheer surprise at this point . 
  or the 8 from a coal mine collapse in pakistan on saturday that i found out about by googling ` coal mine collapse ' switching to news and just assuming there 'd be one . 
  i feel that 's more a ` ussr does n't tell anyone anything because fuck you , you capitalist pigs ' thing than a ` let 's keep the public in the dark on nuclear power ' thing . 
  it 's a brilliant system : are you a homeowner with some cash to spare ? 
  well we 're going to tax the shit out of everyone else to subsidise you putting solar panels on you house !, 
  because if you dam half a river , shit 's still going to get wet . 
  this policy has all the problems of harsh immigration controls without the benefit of actually controlling migration . 
  personally , i feel like less strict universal rules is the best bet . 
  i figure if we want someone for their skills then their nationality should n't matter . 
  yeah , the bulgarian monthly average wage is equivalent to 6 days of work on minimum wage in the uk . 
  we 're planning on increasing our minimum wage significantly by 2020 . 
  so it does n't solve the problem , it just shifts us to a smaller pool of low skilled workers from eu nations , because we 've still got an open door policy to all eu migrants , who are coming in at a rate of 172k per year ( probably more , given that when the government was asked to release information which could provide more accurate figures , they refused because it 'd be ` unhelpful ' to cameron 's eu renegotiation ) . 
  not everyone else . 
  the germans . 
  retroactive application , the fact that they are demanding earnings well above the household median , the fact that they 're doing this while anyone at all can come over from eu countries with no earning requirements .
