  utterly mental bloke , known for using a claymore sword and longbow in ww2 . 
  holder of the last confirmed longbow kill in combat . 
  played bagpipes during an opposed landing in a special forces operation in norway , as well as during operations in sicily and yugoslavia . 
  had a role as an extra in the 1952 film ` ivanhoe ' . 
  ** kiling the danish ** - alfred the great - bascially invented the concept of england ( declared himself ` king of the angelcynn ' , meaning the english speaking peoples ) , he was king of wessex at a point when all the other english kingdoms had been captured by danish forces . 
  hitting upon the brilliant idea of simply ignoring the danes until they got bored , alfred used fortified towns to keep the danes ( who lacked the attention span for siege warfare ) at bay , and began the pushback against them . 
  - edward \u00c6thling and \u00c6thelflaed - joint entry , between them they managed to take back the majority of central england from the danes , also massively reduced the powers of regional lords and effectively removed the kingdom of mercia , setting the tone for the reconquest ( as an effective wessexer conquest of england rather than a liberation of the old kingdoms as individual entities ) - \u00c6thelstan - finished the job , 1st king of england . 
  i 'll come back to this for more . 
  yeah , bloody english , i bet they get way more than anyone else . 
  oh , no , wait , they 're the least funded per capita . 
  it 's a cynical plot i tells ya !, 
  ` wroooooooong ', 
  we 'll have to agree to differ on the idea that the eu has huge markets for scottish goods that are currently unexplored due to ( one can only assume ) laziness on the part of scottish businesses . 
  the population comparison is particularly stupid ( can scotland replace trade with a 60 million person country within a population of 7.5 x that size ? 
  you say yes . 
  can the uk replace trade with a 450m population within a population of 15x that size ? 
  you say no . 
  why ? 
  because it 's convenient to your argument . ), 
  the 10 % cut is roughly what it would take to get their deficit down to about 5 % of gdp . 
  they could lower taxes , but that would n't actually help in the short term , and if they cut taxes while running a deficit in the 9 % of gdp range , the interest on their borrowing will quickly become prohibitive . 
  as to oil , the tax revenue from oil was # 60m last year . 
  after subsidies , north sea oil is a loss maker at the moment . 
  it might recover in the future , but scotland needs money now , not 10 years down the line . 
  whiskey and wool are things they already sell pretty much at capacity , and becoming a hub for anything takes a long time . 
  my question is , what happens year 1 of independence , when they need to borrow 9 % of their gdp . 
  if they decide to gamble on tax cuts , that number will be bigger , and the interest rates will be accordingly massive . 
  well , yeah , it 's exactly the problem with rapid mass immigration . 
  you end up with groups of people who form ghettos and do n't integrate with the rest of society . 
  they 're no more or less arrogant than the eastern european communities in the uk who live in areas which are almost 100 % eastern european , work in jobs where all the staff are eastern european and set up eastern european shops . 
  people do it because it 's convenient , integrating takes effort , and if there 's no imperative to do it , most people wo n't make that effort . 
  the only real difference is that the english moving to spain are mostly fairly wealthy retirees , so they set up pubs and bingo halls and their ghettos tend to be a bit more scenic . 
  i do n't know much about saint denis , but certainly the british pensioners are . 
  they 're hardly making an effort to integrate . 
  well , technically at that point she could also call on someone else to attempt to form a government , but that 's rare ( it might have happened if the lib dems had voted no confidence during the last parliament , as there was a possible lab-lib-snp-green ` rainbow ' coalition ), 
  i 'm sure theresa may will welcome any attempts . 
  hell , if juncker were to give a statement backing the opposition , it 'd probably give the tories at least another 2 % of the vote . 
  except that the ` redirect their business ' idea does n't make sense here . 
  the idea from the brexit campaign there is that the uk would secure trade deals with countries like china and the usa , and the newly liberalised trading rules would lead to increased trade between them and the uk , offsetting the losses of eu trade . 
  that ca n't really apply to scotland making a uk -  eu pivot , because its trade with the eu is already as liberalised as it will get , and so we can assume that leaving the uk would n't actually increase scotland-eu trade significantly , as the barriers would simply be the same as they currently are . 
  the question of governance is a separate issue . 
  it really depends whether you think that the uk 's governance is effectively harming scots as much as , say , a 10 % cut in public expenditure ( roughly what is needed to bring their deficit as percentage of gdp down to a level approaching the uk 's , asssuming that the cuts do n't lower gdp at all . ), 
  if you follow the thread we 're on back up to [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/669wdy/catalonia_to_declare_independence_if_spain_blocks/dghouz4/?st=j1q5q0mv&amp;sh=dbbab818 ) , you 'll find we 're discussing a hypothetical attempt by london to become independent . 
  obviously scotland does n't have the same problem with lack of sea access london would . 
  their independence would be a poor choice for different reasons ( for example , leaving the uk to join the eu would mean that they faced tariffs on a far greater proportion of their exports , since they export more to ruk than to the eu , so that move would make no sense as an attempt at tariff reduction . ), 
  london has no ports that can be reached without passing through the uk 's waters . 
  short of flying everything through city airport in a massively more difficult version of the berlin airlift , they 'd have no way to get goods in without passing through the uk . 
  if they can get enough votes for it , sure . 
  i 'm not sure how well they 'd manage , given that all their goods would have to pass through the uk , and be subject to pretty hefty charges to do so , but if they felt it was a good idea , then best of luck to them . 
  that 'd help a bit , but there 's still the potential for people to approve random shit to get the average up at the last minute . 
  i 'd like to propose a more useful differentiation between an emigrant and an expat . 
  intention to integrate . 
  an emigrant moves somewhere to join the local community , an expat moves to either join or create a separate community following the culture of their home country . 
  fixed budgets are a bad idea , especially on something like this , because you 'll inevitably end up approving projects to meet the spending amount rather than because they 're a good idea . 
  not really a problem . 
  we 'll give them a vote if their people want one , and then act on the results . 
  the point i 'm making is that actually doing some work makes you a better representative than sitting around taking the piss all day , and re-election is not a good test of the quality of an mp 's work . 
  after all , it strikes me as unlikely that he did significantly better in terms preceding labour ge wins than he did in terms preceding labour ge defeats , yet his vote share would suggest that to be the case , if it were based on his performance . 
  sounds like a safe seat that could be won by a monkey with a red tie to me . 
  i was unaware that the people of bolsover were so uniquely disinterested in getting any sort of legislative change . 
  is it ` do as little useful work as possible while collecting 2 salaries from the taxpayer ' ? 
  if so , i retract my criticism of skinner . 
  i 'm saying that if they 've managed to be an mp for nearly half a century without authoring a bill , joining an appg or holding any cabinet or shadow cabinet position they have n't done anything . 
  when he finally vacates his seat , the biggest contribution the uk taxpayer will have recieved for paying him and his wife/secretary for 50-ish years will be some semi-memorable heckles . 
  it 's hard to usefully represent people when you refuse to actually do anything . 
  i 'd rather have cameron as my representative than skinner , since cameron is at least prepared to try to improve things rather than just mocking those who do . 
  ok , you 've had 2 goes at this , and neither actually disagrees with what i posted . 
  dennis skinner has constantly refused to take on any shadow cabinet or cabinet position , so it does n't really matter . 
  he 's settled for a career of heckling the efforts of others rather than ever taking on any project that might risk failing . 
  skinner 's masterpiece : `` half the tory members opposite are crooks . '', 
  [ * speaker demands he withdraw the remark * ] `` ok , half the tory members are n't crooks . '', 
  that sounds like a problem with the eu , not with the idea of letting people choose their own governments . 
  again , you keep referring to them as allies . 
  they ca n't both be our allies and deliberately act to harm us . 
  either they take a reasonable approach to fta negotiations , or we have to assume they are n't our allies , which means we have to put the safety of our intelligence assets first . 
  at the very least , a leading question . 
  true or not , it has no place prefacing a poll if you 're trying to get a fair result . 
  lots of immigrants , especially non-eu immigrants to the uk , support stronger controls on eu migration . 
  essentially , they see it as unfair that they have to have good qualifications , a well paying job and a tonne of other stuff to come in while people from the eu can walk in without any such qualifications . 
  i enjoy the attempt at a leading question . 
  can we do another one with ` it seems clear that the uk was dragged into a political project against the will of the people , and has now voted to leave that project , should the government ignore the opinions of the plebs and stay in anyway or should the uk remain a democracy ? ', 
  i 'd be interested to see how the results differed . 
  fuck all , which turns out to be exactly what was necessary . 
  non-existent reaction solves a non-existent crisis, 
  i think that since 2008 , the imf has been so terrified of missing another crisis that they 've been way too trigger happy on their recession warnings . 
  the idea that these costs are somehow owed by the uk is one that you need to give up on if there 's to be a reasonable discussion . 
  these are sums that the uk would hypothetically have been liable for had it not left the eu . 
  saying that we 'd pay if we were in is not the same thing as actually committing to payment regardless of circumstances . 
  the lisbon treaty at no point requires members to pay in after they leave , nor is there any legal requirement for the uk to pay any of the money . 
  so what it amounts to is a demand for money from the eu . 
  they want # 60bn from the uk , and if they want that , they must be prepared to offer something that is worth that amount of money . 
  if they decide to take actions which harm their own economy with the aim of harming the uk economy ( such as refusing to negotiate an fta ) , we can only treat that as the action of a hostile power , and there 's no way that we could ever justify risking our intelligence apparatus by disclosing details of it , or information that could give clues as to the details of it to such a power . 
  alliances are mutual affairs . 
  if france wishes to be treated like our ally , they should really act like it . 
  we 're bringing life saving intel to the table . 
  what are they bringing ? 
  farage refused to work with fn because of their `` prejudice and anti-semitism '' . 
  not unless she 's giving the speech on a ship . 
  i 'd note that those were n't the values of the revolution . 
  fraternit\u00e9 was added later , because the original slogan of libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 et pain ( liberty , equality and bread ) does n't really work as well as a national motto .
