  your government is essentially a means for the delivery of the policies of international bodies at this point . 
  expecting shit to get better when the party in government changes is like asking for a new waiter when you 're at a restaurant that only serves dogshit . 
  it 's still going to taste bad , no matter who delivers it to you . 
  we could probably retask the forces currently implementing the eu 's ` be a taxi for people smugglers ' policy in the med . 
  why not ? 
  i know plenty of students who 'd jump at the chance for a bit of spare money . 
  a seasonal job is ideal . 
  we can recreate the effect by paying farmers the same amount of subsidies they used to get and then setting a big pile of money on fire, 
  yeah , the uk does n't have a naval force . 
  never really been a maritime power . 
  spotted the lawyer . 
  well , when we were in the eu , we did n't want it because we were the single most useful military ( france being the only other one of any real consequence ) in the eu , and did n't fancy another eu program where we put in far more than we get back . 
  there 's also the issue of a relatively unaccountable body being put in charge of a military force . 
  who is going to have the authority to send the eu military to war ? 
  will it be the commission ? 
  the parliament ? 
  the council ? 
  all three ? 
  none of those answers is good . 
  if it 's the parliament , commission or council by qmv we run into the problem that smaller countries will presumably not be as overrepresented in the military as they are in the voting bodies , so there 'd be incentive for warmongers who know they have little chance of their own people being killed to take risks . 
  if it 's the council by unanimity , your forces are pretty much paralyzed . 
  if it 's all 3 , your forces are completely paralyzed . 
  also , in the imaginary scenario that russia were to invade eastern europe and a tactical retreat seemed like the best course , would eastern eu forces really leave their families and homelands behind to pull back and defend strategically vital targets in germany or poland ? 
  i 'm not sure there 's a strong enough european identity to allow for that sort of move . 
  i wonder if he 'll go after the clearest and most easily proven lie of the campaign , cameron 's claim that he would immediately trigger a50, 
  he can wait for the uk to leave the eaw program and then get a cab to the airport . 
  brilliant idea . 
  that 'll be another place off the list of ` ungrateful shitholes we subsidise ' . 
  i was under the impression that the imf had 2 post it notes on every calendar for the uk . 
  january through september : blindly and aggressively assert that the uk is wrong and is going to be ruined by this time next year . 
  october through december : revise forecasts up , while suggesting that it 'll all come crashing down next year . 
  they 'll have to fight us for it . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  ni costs us a fucking fortune . 
  an englishman wrote this in response : god heard the embattled nations sing and shout `` gott strafe england '' and `` god save the king ! '' god this , god that , and god the other thing -- `` good god ! '' said god , `` i 've got my work cut out ! '' also , that 's where we got the word ` strafing ' ( the shooting of ground forces from low flying aeroplanes ), 
  good luck with that . 
  you 're looking at around a 40 % chance of president trump quitting nato . 
  then you 'll be relying on the eu army for defence . 
  that is one blokes interpretation . 
  others will read it a different way, 
  well , in the uk labour had a bunch of incidents of anti-semitism , then when pressure on them became too great , appointed an ` independent ' inquiry ( by a woman who then joined the party ) . 
  she found no problems at all , and promptly got a peerage from the labour leader for her troubles . 
  there was never going to be the reform we wanted anyway . 
  downvoted for providing accurate info to correct a heavily upvoted lie . 
  great work / r/europe . 
  no , i propose the uk continues devoting a reasonable amount of funding to refugee camps in north africa and delivers people to those camps . 
  it would be nice if the rest of the eu joined us in the former at least . 
  as part of the eu mission . 
  we could go rogue and start turning them back on our own , but i imagine the eu would probably try to fine us for being meanies . 
  to be honest , i 've no problem with the turbans when they 're on the beat , since they 're no more or less safe than what the other police are wearing [ see here ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/22ed8173779a44a79febe20b93813ebd/london-england-uk-armed-sikh-police-officer-outside-the-houses-of-f2yk74.jpg ) and it does n't interfere with identification . 
  the sikh community in general are lovely and are really keen on interacting with everyone else . 
  they always used to come into my ( catholic ) primary school and do little outreach bits , since the area the school was in had become a majority sikh neighbourhood over the years . 
  the vikings kidnapped all the hottest women . 
  imagine an orange hedge . 
  tears of frustration based on the refusal of any european country to come at us in a fair fight . 
  greek , like all other languages , is a bastardization of english , which is what god speaks . 
  to the simple mind , a genius and an idiot look alike . 
  seriously though , if you want to discuss it in person , i 'll meet you at any of the top 7 universities in the eu . 
  that way i wo n't have to travel out of the country . 
  in order : to facilitate swordfights but prevent jousting , we do n't , and because half of them are driving on the wrong side of the bloody road . 
  well , to answer the common question in order : because we 're not stupid , because we are reckless and occasionally because you need to have a swordfight while driving . 
  frankly , the conditions they keep some of those haggises in are appalling . 
  dozens to a cage , barely enough room to stretch their antennae . 
  fuck it . 
  next time we 'll just let the french invade you . 
  see who 's crying then . 
  yes, 
  what i get for germany is `` why are germans so rude ? '', 
  so it kind of fits . 
  the reciprocal ( why are germans ... ) in the uk yields only : why are germans so rude ? 
  literally any crime against a polish person can be ( and , since brexit , probably is ) considered a hate crime . 
  all it takes is for the victim to suspect that their nationality is a factor in the crime and it goes down as a hate crime . 
  we 've also previously tried to develop bulletproof turbans so sikh police could wear them while serving with firearms squads . 
  then the tories got in and it was dropped suspiciously quickly . 
  policing by consent is n't that compatible with a garment designed to dehumanise someone . 
  sorry , missed that entirely . 
  that 's kind of an argument that it 's unrepresentative . 
  err ... how do you mean ` highly representative ' ? 
  hooray for censorship !, 
  because they need someone left to be the federalise at the end of the exercise, 
  my point exactly . 
  excepting , it would seem , the definition of the word satire . 
  federalise the uk into regions , give each a seat , they 'd be about as populous as norway, 
  switzerland , norway and iceland . 
  wo n't be before may 2017 . 
  no point starting negotiations with hollande , especially if we 're on a time limit . 
  it 's not in the interests of the ` federal europe at any cost ' lot , since it would show that such an exit was a viable option . 
  that would mean they had to tread much more carefully on their way to their superstate . 
  us special forces are state sanctioned . 
  these volunteers are n't . 
  does n't mean they are wrong , just that the uk government is n't officially backing them . 
  it 's not satire per the definition of satire . 
  you need to use humour to point out vices or stupidity for it to be satire . 
  learn english . 
  that 's not how satire works . 
  do n't try to justify your crassness by falling back on your inability to correctly use a dictionary . 
  by your definition , literally every object in the universe is satire , because if people do n't find it funny , it 's a satire of their not finding it funny, 
  no , i think you 're confusing the right to personal opinions with the ability to change the definitions of words . 
  satire is ` the use of humour , irony exaggeration or ridicule to expose and criticise people 's stupidity or vices ' ( oxford english dictionary ) this does n't fit that definition . 
  so it 's not satire .
