  since all the documents are electronic now , there 's basically no need for the boxes at all . 
  but because the haulage firm that moves the several lorries worth of mostly empty boxes back and forth is french , they wo n't countenance the abolition of the boxes . 
  so the eu pays for a bunch of lorries to drive empty boxes back and forth so that the people who do it can be paid for doing it . 
  yeah , but even if we moved parliament , would we really let the palace fall apart ? 
  mostly because we 'd never knock the houses of parliament down anyway ( they 're a pretty important historical site ) , so we might as well continue to make use of them . 
  if we spent the absurd amount of money ( big project + government project = insane overspend . 
  hell , the scottish parliament cost nearly half a billion quid , up from an original estimate of up to # 40m ) required to replace the palace of westminster somewhere else ( which would also mean moving tens of thousands of civil servants ) , we 'd still have to pay the upkeep on the building anyway , since i ca n't imagine anyone would let it collapse into ruin . 
  i personally enjoy the irony of hundreds of people and several lorryloads of mostly empty boxes travelling hundreds of miles to a building which is kept heated , lit and mostly empty year-round so that they can vote on legislation designed to cut carbon emissions . 
  my point was that the previous governments are hardly being careless in their use of nukes . 
  nope . 
  look at the picture . 
  you 're coming with us . 
  ` nuke the bastards . 
  carefully . ', 
  ` are we 100 % sure we 're nuking the right korea here ? 
  i 'd hate to have to explain that mixup to the un ', 
  no need , they 're already unionists . 
  why the fuck would we require travel visas . 
  it 's not like they 're going to stay and work illegally . 
  how so ? 
  unless we start getting significant illegal migration through that route ( which we have n't so far , and i see no reason for an increase after brexit ) , there 's no need to put up a border . 
  nope . 
  we get everything on our side of the rip . 
  amsterdam , denmark , get your coats , we 're leaving . 
  to be fair , they effectively do n't . 
  they vote for different parties which are n't part of the government unless someone is utterly desperate to get over the line , and their 2nd biggest party refuses to take the seats they win . 
  we 're taking brittany with us . 
  i 'm illustrating the similarity between the situations ( and it 's us , not you , scotland is part of the uk ) . 
  i do n't want to take it out on anyone . 
  i agree with the scottish people that scotland should stay as part of the uk . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  we 're bigger than scotland and they are the ones leaving , so we get to make any random set of unreasonable demands we feel like and scotland will have to meet them . 
  ask the eu people on here , they 'll explain . 
  so is ` pay us 100bn or we do n't discuss a trade deal ' . 
  all negotiations are comprised of demands and offers . 
  a threat is simply an offer of something you feel should n't be on the table . 
  it 's not a threat , it 's a reasonable representation of how a one sided negotiation would go ( see , i can use the lines the pro-eu lot use now ), 
  [ tvtropes page on the evil brit ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/evilbrit ) i 'd like to pull up one particular example that pissed me off . 
  the video game ` the saboteur ' , which is based on the exploits of one [ william grover-williams ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_grover-williams ) , racing driver and soe operative who did some pretty good work with the parisian resistance in ww2 before his capture and execution . 
  in the game , however , he 's replaced with an irish nationalist , because the developers felt that people could n't sympathise with a british protagonist ( despite the enemy being literally nazis ) . 
  that 's the level of antipathy we get in us made culture . 
  a british guy ca n't be the good guy , even if it 's based on what a british guy really did . 
  at least the german bad guy is mostly limited to the actual nazis . 
  hell , look at die hard , the most famous modern example of a german villain . 
  played by and english actor with an english accent . 
  by my count , at least 4 % want to go just because the uk is . 
  i 'd like to thank that 4 % for their confusing loyalty . 
  it 's all right , the french do n't have to follow the rules . 
  depends . 
  if we were to keep the faslane naval base for trident as a soverign uk base like those in cyprus , there 'd be no need to block un accession . 
  so your reason for leaving the uk is that it is run by people you do n't agree with who are enacting policies you do n't agree with , and you want to leave even though it would cut you off from the market that scotland exports most to by a huge margin and would almost certainly lead to enforced austerity on a scale not seen since ww2 ? 
  shit , are you sure you do n't like the sound of brexit ? 
  did it just not seem to have big enough downsides for you ? 
  so are the leaders of scientology . 
  does n't make them good people , and it does n't make their cult a good idea . 
  [ i would n't say the worst ever ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ), 
  tell your president , he 's the one trying to get the chunnel shut down . 
  maybe they 'll just go for a wider hook around the maginot line this time . 
  throttling traffic would also be worse in my opinion . 
  ` pay us to get your customers free access to your site ' is bad , but ` pay us or your website is unusably slow ' is far worse, 
  not really . 
  the money mostly came from the imf ( funded by quota from members ) and efsm ( money borrowed against eu budget ) , with the remaining 1/3rd being split between the efsf ( eurozone ) lending 7 billion , the uk lending 3.44 billion , sweden lending 600 million and denmark lending 400 million . 
  oh good , hopkins has found somewhere to fuck off to . 
  sure , but nobody can ever agree what the reforms should be , and as soon as the proposals make any interested party ( commission , council , any individual nation ) less powerful or poorer , they get kicked into the long grass . 
  the eu is designed as a ratchet , pulling powers to the eu institutions and never allowing them to go back . 
  the only reforms that will ever be possible are centralising ones , and people do n't actually seem to want those . 
  well , those were basically the same thing for about half a century . 
  i 've run across people on this board who think that we should n't consider germany to be a country of mass murdering racists who should be actively opposed in everything they do . 
  it 's almost like time has passed since the relevant events . 
  they keep banging on about the eu instead of pushing actual liberalism . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily going to collapse , but i ca n't see it sticking around for 25 years without either federalising ( and thus becoming a functionally different entity even if it kept the name ) or splitting up , possibly into northern and southern unions . 
  strictish . 
  there 's the ` new services ' exemption set to gradually erode the neutrality . 
  plus zero rating of traffic which hurts smaller companies who ca n't afford to pay off the isps, 
  all the ` grown up ' countries in europe seem to be having a bit of trouble with illegal immigrants at the moment , and unlike them , we 're somewhere that people actually want to live , so we ca n't just pass the problem on down the line . 
  they want the tunnel open , they want the ferry services to go to calais . 
  shut the tunnel . 
  we sold our stake in it a while back . 
  oh , so we 're closing the chunnel then ? 
  seems pointless to me , but there you go . 
  why bother . 
  xi could n't care less what you think as long as you keep buying chinese stuff . 
  is the bus labelled ? 
  i read it . 
  it at no point justified calling the claims a myth . 
  unfairly critical , sure , but not a myth . 
  yeah , and most of the ` myths ' they point out turn out to be basically true , and they just call them a myth while offering a reason why they think the regulation or spending is justified . 
  for example , the classic bananas one , where they say the idea that eu regulations dictate curvature is a myth , yet go on to state that they specifically require the bananas be free of abnormal curvature . 
  [ this one is a pretty good example ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/the-european-development-fund-offers-aid-to-the-poorest-countries-in-forms-that-are-most-likely-to-deliver-results-for-the-local-people/ ) . 
  the ` myth ' in this case turns out to be 100 % true , the eu was in fact funding trapeze courses for people in tanzania , but they designate it as a myth because they think that ( to quote their hilarious defence of this waste ) ` mastering ... the art of the trapeze can open job opportunities for a person in tanzania ', 
   ` the euromyth to end them all '  ` is brussels really meddling in what our beloved bananas should look like ? 
  ** yes & no . 
  ** ' got ta love the eu 's loose definition of ` myth ', 
  it wants to present the impression that it is a settling of debts separate to a trade negotiation rather than a demand for money it is not owed as part of a negotiation , as is the case . 
  damn , swing and a miss with the attempt at explaining through an analogy . 
  the point is that she does n't beat up jewish kids in her spare time ( or at least there 's no proof she does ) , so that statement would be an untrue exaggeration ( much like the # 350m claim ) based on her party 's real neo-nazism ( or the uks real net contributions to the eu ), 
  helpfully all spent just before they imposed campaign spending limits . 
  let 's go for an analogy to see if we ca n't get this concept through . 
  remember the french presidential election ?
