  she should have showed up and made a speech about how the eu 's a load of bollocks , drawn a cock on the official declaration , then got smashed on the free champagne and punched junker . 
  that way we would n't have been noticeably absent . 
  it seems like you 've got some issues with the uk separate to this , since you 're going off onto random tangents about gypsies ( and i 'd be very interested to see a source on the ` lots of scandals ' about paid gypsies , since the times , independent and guardian all seem to have missed that story despite backing remain ) , but the point that we 're transferring wealth to other states stands . 
  the great benefits we 're getting from free movement of labour largely consist of a pool of workers who are prepared to work for minimum wage and send money home . 
  not actually something that does much good for most british people . 
  the people who own the businesses who can exploit those cheap workers love it , but everyone else is less thrilled . 
  it 's going to suck for a bit , but long term we can do pretty well out of it . 
  the problem is that all the models for comparison seem to suggest that there 'll be no significant changes in the eu or global economies over the next 20 or so years , which strikes me as somewhat unlikely . 
  i expect that diversifying away from the eu could put us in a better position when regional economic shocks occur . 
  if the eurozone fucks up again , i 'd rather not be closely tied to it . 
  except that nato does n't do direct payments in and spending out , but rather has targets for what each member spends on their own forces , so it 's much harder to quantify who 's contributing and who 's benefiting . 
  the eu does take money in and then send it to various countries , making the whole task much easier . 
  and what we know is that far more money is taken from the uk than is spent there , while far more money is spent in romania than is taken from it . 
  thus , to answer the question , money . 
  uk taxpayers have , through a series of projects , lost a significant amount of money to romania amongst many other net recipient countries . 
  in other words , it 's much nicer to be the one getting bought free drinks than the one stuck paying the tab . 
  the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt . 
  i wonder which category you fit in . 
  yeah . 
  i remember lots of pro-eu people who were very smug about being right when they said ` the uk will never vote leave ' . 
  they 're still smug now , just about different things they believe they ca n't be wrong about . 
  if the pro-eu lot were n't such a bunch of smug pricks , perhaps they could have swung another 2 % . 
  with the flag of a supranational union which is doing all it can to engender its own form of nationalism these days . 
  or have you missed that the trade agreement now has an anthem , flag and many of the other trappings of nationalism ? 
  not exactly . 
  they 're not the best with fact checking , and have a pronounced bias . 
  mostly they get a pass because the newspaper which spawned the website was very good before it shut down , though the website did n't retain many of the journalists from the paper and has pretty much become a ` progressive ' clickbait site . 
  whatever keeps your national pride intact . 
  i never understood this defence . 
  the eu is the member states . 
  unless you 're planning on getting rid of the members , problems with them are problems with the eu . 
  government response : when the march has over 17 million members , it might be worth listening to . 
  what a day . 
  what a lovely day . 
  i just never had us down as being particularly progressive relative to the rest of europe . 
  i 'd have expected some of the scandinavian countries to be getting some of the firsts . 
  his administration eroded major 's good work as quickly as it could , and managed to run a deficit for years in a boom period . 
  huh . 
  odd how many of the female firsts come from the uk . 
  yes . 
  in a world of uninterrupted global prosperity blair 's policy would have been passably competent . 
  unfortunately , he was elected in a constituency located in reality rather than the dreamland his policy was suited for . 
  iraq , pfi ( basically he pushed a lot of very bad deals onto nhs hospitals to keep costs off of government books that have ended up massively screwing us over down the line ) and pushing eu expansion and mass immigration for political gain ( he reportedly believed rapid demographic change would favour labour as 2nd generation immigrants mostly voted labour ) . 
  he also strongly pushed the ` call anyone who criticises me racist ' approach which lead to atrocities like he rape gangs in numerous cities being allowed to continue for so long . 
  this should be like the ` free boat ' schemes us police run . 
  if you 're prepared to go back to your country for money , you are n't a refugee . 
  so anyone who turns up should be deported with no payment . 
  `` we are the borg . 
  you will be assimilated . 
  resistance is futile . '', 
  `` we are the borg . 
  you will be assimilated . 
  resistance is futile . '', 
  well , their share price is down over 95 % since 2007 , and the last eu stress test ignored its own rules so they would n't fail it , so it does n't look good for them . 
  yeah , you see , the wto are n't morons . 
  they have basically one job , and that 's ` stop people from blocking trade ' . 
  so whatever clever dodge you think you can come up with , someone already did , and it 's illegal . 
  if the eu chooses to renege on pension commitments to ex-employees , that 's really none of the uk 's business once we 've left . 
  i 'd be interested to see how they justified that from a legal standpoint , but i 'm sure they thought to include clauses in the pension contracts about the uk leaving the eu . 
  sure , the individual nations could try taking us to court over the payments . 
  should only take a few decades to sort that out . 
  meanwhile , the wto would be merrily nailing your bollocks to the wall for illegal trade sanctions . 
  deutsche bank could collapse by the end of 2017 . 
  not 15 % , just , you know , generally . 
  not really . 
  you see , when you make a loan agreement , you make it under the laws of the country you 're in . 
  so if you refuse to pay , you get taken to the courts of that country , and they force you to do so . 
  with the eu stuff , there 's no equivalent authority . 
  we agreed to this stuff as part of the treaties , sure , but once we leave , they no longer apply . 
  and there 's really no recourse to higher authority , because there is n't one . 
  the only authorities left to appeal to are god and force . 
  the former does n't tend to do requests , and the latter would be a very silly thing to try , on account of the way that people tend not to vote for leaders who take them to war with nuclear armed states . 
  ` blackmail ' and ` negotiating position ' are pretty interchangeable terms in international diplomacy . 
  basically , the eu 's position is that if we do n't pay the money , there 's no deal . 
  as such , any money to be paid will inherently be part of whatever deal gets made . 
  except that here there 's no legal obligation for the uk to pay a penny , which there would be in an actual divorce . 
  it 's not a debt . 
  it 's money the eu would like us to pay , and which we would pay were we staying in the eu . 
  which we are n't . 
  a50 means all the treaties cease to apply to the uk after 2 years . 
  including the ones that say we have to pay money in . 
  if we walk away with no deal , then we do n't pay anything . 
  so any payment is inherently a part of whatever deal is being made . 
  depends on the terms and conditions . 
  which , in this case , say that once we cancel , the contract ceases to apply , and do n't actually require us to pay the rest of it . 
  realistically , if we decide to walk away with no deal , we 're under no legal obligation whatsoever to pay anything . 
  a close reading of article 50 shows that after 2 years the treaties cease to apply to the leaving state , which includes all the bits that require us to pay money . 
  so the only reason we 'd pay anything is if we got something in return . 
  so he received a string of convictions for criminal damage and other petty crimes , then slashed a bloke 's face and was sent to prison , in an argument that allegedly had ` racial overtones ' and that 's enough to imply a campaign of racism was the problem , rather than him being a violent thug ? 
  fuck me , that 's a desperate stretch . 
  there 's the ral ( the notional budgetary commitments that the eu has n't yet decided how to spend and so have n't been paid over yet ) , which will be about 1/3rd of that and will probably end up being paid over . 
  the rest is uk shares of contingent liabilities . 
  for example , if the eib lends a billion euro to a company , there 's a chance they wo n't repay . 
  in which case , the eib will need the capital to come back from somewhere , which means the member states . 
  so if there 's a default , some share of that would currently be covered by the uk . 
  what juncker is demanding seems to be that the uk pays its share of all potential defaults upfront , whether there 's a default or not . 
  which he 'll never get because that 's mental . 
  plus all the contingent liabilities ( eg . 
  if ireland needs a bailout , we 'd be on the hook for a certain amount as it stands , so now juncker wants that amount upfront just in case ireland ever needs bailing out ), 
  well of course .
