  what dire consequences are you suggesting , beyond not doing a trade deal ? 
   the standard petty dig from a brexit type with their minds stuck in ww2 . 
  you brought up ww2 with zero prompting you twat !, 
  apart from that , there was a moral imperative to stop the nazis because they were expansionist warmongers who wanted to control all of europe through force . 
  the camps were n't known about until much later . 
  that 's why the uk declared war over the invasion of poland . 
  as to allying with the soviets , that was hardly much of an alliance . 
  they were fighting germany while we were . 
  you 'll note that we did n't do much sharing beyond directly war-related intelligence ( eg . 
  stalin was officially informed of the manhattan project shortly after the nukes were used ) and we became essentially hostile as soon as germany 's defeat was inevitable . 
  not really . 
  you 're assuming that they have taken no morally dubious actions since the geneva conventions were signed . 
  the actions of uk agents in ww2 were certainly morally dubious . 
  that said , if the uk had been operating extermination camps and gassing millions of irish , i 'd probably be prepared to give the ira a bit more leeway in tolerable responses . 
  going after our actions in ww2 is a bit of a bad idea , since it 's the one war where it was obvious to almost every non-facist country ( with one or two notable exceptions who chose to remain neutral ) that there was a moral imperative to stop the nazis . 
  yes , the icj . 
  the issues there are as follows : 1 ) there is no law compelling the uk to pay anything to the eu if it is not an eu member . 
  the treaties are very clear on what we must pay while we are a member and establish powers for the ecj to ensure that we do so , while we are a member , but once we leave per article 50 , the treaties no longer hold , and as such , the uk will have no legal obligation to pay anything , nor will the ecj have jurisdiction in the uk . 
  to quote article 50.3 of the lisbon treaty  ** the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question ** from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  so once we 're out no eu treaty applies to us , which means that all the bits that require us to pay do n't apply . 
  while we 're still in , the eu ca n't leverage anything like the amount it 's claiming , because huge chunks of that amount require various countries and businesses to default on eib loans , which there 's pretty much no chance they will actually do . 
  2 ) even if the icj judges could somehow be convinced to entirely disregard the text of the treaties , the only thing they could do is issue a judgement demanding that the uk pay the eu x amount of money . 
  the problem here would be that , as a permanent member of the un security council , the uk can veto the enforcement of any icj judgement . 
  so basically , the eu has no case , and the uk could veto the result even if it did . 
  i consider things a crime once a law is passed making them so , because that is how crime must work . 
  one can not commit a crime if there is no law , nor can one expect laws to be followed before they have been established . 
  whether soe agents operating without uniforms in ww2 endangered non-combatants in the process is certainly worthy of debate , but whether or not it was a crime is obvious to anyone with even the most basic of understanding of how law actually works . 
  really ? 
  who do you expect to enforce that ? 
  by what law , in what court would you expect to demand payment ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  legally , we do n't owe a penny . 
  the eu would like us to pay that money , and if it wants that , it will have to offer something of commensurate value in return . 
  no need . 
  he 'll lose the case on the simple basis that the referendum result and the triggering of a50 are , legally speaking , nothing to do with each other . 
  it 's like trying to annul macron 's election if it it turns out that there are more illegal migrants in france than previously thought . 
  while one event may inform the other , they are not legally linked . 
  well yes , and it still is . 
  no deal beats paying 100bn for something meaningless , but not getting a good deal would be a problem . 
  oh fuck me that 's beautiful . 
  you 're legitimately going to act like people should be expected to follow a law that was n't written until 30 years after the fact just so you can satisfy your anti-british bigotry . 
  pathetic . 
  i guess that , given the change in leadership in the usa , and the resultant cooling of relations , there 's no longer the political will in sweden to use trumped up charges to secure him for extradition to the usa . 
  wow , this paper is n't shy about being biased as hell is it ? 
   if you ask him about his connections to russia and about the consequences of brexit , he 'll put a stop to the conversation . 
  let 's see what he actually says when asked :  farage : no russian money at all . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  what you are talking about is conspiracy . 
  i never received a penny from russia . 
  i would n't have taken it , even if it had been offered . 
  this campaign was n't about money . 
  it was about messages , good clear messages . 
  i guess that does shut down the conversation , in that it wholly answers the question asked , leaving little room for further insinuations , not that the interviewer does n't try to make a weak association by pointing out that he 's done interviews for russia today , ( which means that he 's also effectively being bribed by die ziet 's owners to the same degree ) also , good of them to organise an interview about uk-eu trade and relations then spend half the time desperately trying to smear farage with any shit they can think of . 
  london prices . 
  it 's like buying food at a theme park , except the rides are shit and you do n't get to leave when you start to feel sick . 
  scotland has the worst disparity between rich and poor students getting into university in the uk , and has seen numbers of college students drop by just over 40 % since the snp came to power . 
  i 'd argue that it 's not working fine for them at all . 
  the universities are also struggling to keep up funding , since they make a loss on every student of about 6 % of the cost of teaching . 
  they know 16 year olds , and they think that those are the people who they stand the best chance of convincing to vote for them . 
  they intend to retain all the trade benefits of membership in the singele market , while getting rid of free movement . 
  also , they intend for the eu to buy corbyn a massive gold hat and give any british person who wants it 100 acres of land and 10 mules on the continent . 
  i 'm not building strawmen , it 's a direct quote from the person i was replying to . 
  i 'd expect more people to be prepared to do the job for # 16k per year than would be prepared to do it for # 14k . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  either ` uk spongers would n't get out of bed for fruit pickers ' wages ' or they are n't depressing wages . 
  do they work for less than british people would or not ? 
  nope . 
  per protocol 1 additional to the geneva conventions ( 1977 ) those would qualify as war crimes . 
  i guess the soe operatives would go with the ` i 'm not a time traveler ' defence . 
  in other words , cheap foreign labour is depressing wages, 
  so , no , you ca n't refute my statement . 
  thanks for playing . 
  i think you 're confusing the sides there . 
  the ones with aks were the ira . 
  british troops mostly had fns . 
  i forgot that nobody can understand anything they did n't personally experience . 
  seems odd that there are so many historians , since they can only really discuss events that happened in their own lifetimes . 
  so a 15 and 13 % lead respectively . 
  it 's coming to something when you get 2 polls showing an average tory lead that is bigger than any election result since post falklands thatcher and your response is ` things are looking up for labour ' . 
  blair in 1997 got 12.5 % . 
  this is still landslide territory , even if labour 's manifesto bounce holds . 
  nope . 
  though casino chips are mostly all the same physical size , so it 's not a great metaphor . 
  also , you ca n't just outbid someone in a casino , it 's not an auction . 
  you 'd be better saying they had the better hand if you wanted to do a poker metaphor . 
  there were customs but no passport controls ( though military checkpoints might have asked for id when they were there ), 
  just a thought , how does nhs work factor in ? 
  say i have surgery in the uk that would cost # 50k in the usa , is the british surgeon treated as producing # 50k that hour or nothing at all ? 
  yeah , i 'd seen that . 
  any evidence of the arms passing through the uk mainland , which is what the question was ? 
  i 'm aware that there were uvf and uda supporters within the uk civil service and military who abused their positions . 
  care to provide such evidence ? 
  a limit to free movement absolutely is possible without a border . 
  we 'd simply continue our common external border agreement and continue to require proof of nationality for jobs , renting or purchase of property and benefits claims . 
  i 've not seen evidence of arms smuggling from the uk mainland to ni . 
  seems an odd source given that our gun laws are very strict . 
  it took them 90 years to go from the declaration of independence to an attempted secession and war . 
  europe is at least holding back from the war part . 
  the uk can change our law to suit a compromise . 
  so could ireland , if the eu lets it .
