  if they refuse the terms , then we wait until they accept them . 
  there 's no real time pressure . 
  they can try a udi , which would deprive us of the ports , but would deprive them of all uk government owned assets . 
  i mean [ it 's not like the bombings have actually stopped ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/mar/22/psni-officers-very-lucky-to-survive-strabane-bombing ) . 
  the ira has stopped , but we 've still got the provisional ira , the real ira , the new ira , the continuity ira , crystal ira , ira with lime , diet ira , ira 2 : electric bogaloo and the people 's front of ireland to deal with . 
  right to work , obviously . 
  i can go visa free to canada , but i ca n't work there . 
  are we just going to ignore those ukranians who wanted ukraine to be part of russia ? 
  yes , because they are a minority , and we no longer run our countries based on ` whoever murders the most innocent people wins ', 
  support ireland against who though ? 
  ireland and the uk want basically the same result here , so is this a pledge to back ireland against the rest of the eu ? 
  yep . 
  that 's why of the 4 nato efp groups in eastern europe , half are lead by north american countries and one of the remaining 2 is uk lead . 
  also , y' know , the giant army nobody is prepared to pay to match . 
  it 's the usa , they basically give themselves whatever rights they want . 
  when they use chemical weapons on civillians ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  they also have the odd idea that an overwhelming majority of scots want it gone , when it usually polls about even . 
  pretty much . 
  if we 've somehow lost the conventional war , then nukes are the last resort . 
  in reality , we 'd win the conventional war at a light jog unless the eu decided that illegal annexations of foreign territory were a joint excercise . 
  then it 'd be a closer fight . 
  yeah , they 've probably had a good view of spain blooming in the eu and are fine without 20 % unemployment . 
  simple explanation : china strong , spain weak , argentina laughably shit . 
  plus hk was only a rental . 
  nobody ever spotted that the british empire was actually just the most ambitious collection of pet rocks ever assembled . 
  odd , i did n't think their government could afford to have the internet installed . 
  oi , leave portugal alone . 
  nobody arbitrarily demands portugese territory on our watch . 
  ( well , nobody but us ), 
  very much so , but the idea that we 'd have to get rid of trident is a fantasy . 
  well , they 'd keep the jobs until a new port was ready , so there 'd be time to transition . 
  actually , i did n't say we certainly would , just that in this scenario , spain has somehow ended up in control of gibraltar , which means that the uk has lost . 
  and nukes are what we do when we run out of other options and someone 's trying to put british citizens under foreign rule against their will . 
  and if my aunt had balls she 'd be my uncle . 
  if scotland voted to leave , the uk government would retain control of faslane base until we 'd sorted out a new one . 
  mate , in this scenario spain has been nuked . 
  i 'm fairly sure that if they have any suits left , they 'll be using them . 
   monkey rock in the mediterranean that 's no way to talk about continental europe . 
  also , the subs do n't need to go anywhere , the range on the missiles is 7500 miles . 
  see greece, 
  no , they voted to leave because they noted that eu politicians were incapable of recognising the many flaws in the project , and were instead devoted to blindly pushing for ` more europe ' regardless of the damage it did to the people they were supposed to be representing . 
  from the uk prespective , there 's no functional difference between a problem caused by one or more other member states and an eu problem . 
  whether it 's the eu institutions directly causing an issue or merely acting as a conduit to allow nations to do so is n't really relevant . 
  also , we were fine when it was the eec . 
  does it have a working clock , or is it an accurate model ? 
  yeah , but is everyone really going to pay for a radiation suit to visit spain at that point ? 
  i do n't see how bringing nationality into it will help here . 
  it 'd be just as easy to dismiss any criticism i have of the eu on account of me being british . 
  i 'm happy to take / u/fakeandrei at face value , and there 's no reason you should do any differently . 
  opinions are more than just a product of nationality . 
  i do n't think we 've agreed what you think we 've agreed . 
  who needs high support ? 
  just normalize the axes to the highest value . 
  also , it 's very easy to get germans , or really anyone to support increased military spending . 
  simply chuck in some warmup questions about isis , whether trump is a reliable ally and russian expansionism , phrase it as ` should germany work to meet nato guidelines on spending ' and you should get agreement in the high 80s . 
  to expand on the system i 'd want , it would be multi-member constituency stv . 
  so an area which used to be 10 or so separate constituencies , like norfolk , would be one 10 member constituency with parties putting up to 10 candidates forward . 
  the downside is a huge ballot paper , but the upside is most people get a representative they voted for who they can ask to put their views forward , and few votes go in the bin . 
  it also removes ` safe seats ' , as any party wishing to ensure a particular person gets their seat can only do so by damaging their overall chances . 
  i never pretended to . 
  it 's just that there 's a lot of talk about the leave vote dying off , and it seemed pertinent to demonstrate that just because a view has stronger support among the old , does n't mean it 'll diminish over time . 
  every system does , to some degree . 
  stv at least ends up with a position where most people have a representative they voted for . 
  that 's the point of it ( well , the point was to get you to click on stuff , but that 's how they aimed to do it ) . 
  it 's a survey designed to confirm existing biases , not to discover information . 
  you could do the same thing to any group and paint a negative stereotype onto them . 
  hell , ask germans if they support the death penalty , if they think germany should increase military spending and if they think that mass migration from the middle east is a problem and you 've got yourself a nice ` nasty racist militaristic germans ' narrative going . 
  all you need is 50 % support for 1 of those and you just normalise your axes . 
  i mean , sure , i 'm in favour of stv, 
  except by the title and the attempt to frame this as why they voted leave . 
  no , to be fair , labour in 2015 was to the right of 1987 labour . 
  they have moved closer to their 1987 policy since then , and are now doing far worse . 
  sure , but support for the death penalty is surprisingly high pretty much everywhere . 
  35 % of germans and 45 % of french supported it as of 10 years ago ( last polling i can find ), 
  sure , let 's roll back eu laws and membership to 1994 . 
  i 'd be fine with a lot of that . 
  we could make the necessary reforms from there . 
  also , the us system is hideously broken . 
  look at the contrast between congressional approval ratings and re-election rates . 
  who said i was offended ( super lazy argument by the way ) . 
  one can criticize biased reporting without resorting to ` it offends me ' . 
  shit journalism is shit journalism . 
  there 's a difference between having the ability to elect an mep you agree with and having the ability to change things . 
  the disproportionate nature of seat allocation and the weakness of the parliament 's powers mean that , for most people really does n't matter who their mep is . 
  apparent consensus . 
  we have no record of the actual views of council members , since council negotiations are secret . 
  the practice is to find out which side would win and have everyone vote that way to show unity . 
  the uk was moaned at quite a bit for voting against the consensus . 
  if i saw the mail commissioning biased polls , yes . 
  though they rarely bother with collection of any sort of evidence . 
  i do n't expect we 'd ever ask . 
  this is a myth i see a lot . 
  to give an example of the problem with it , let 's look at uk general elections . 
  labour have lead amongst 18-24 year olds in every ge since 1987 . 
  so the 18-24 year olds of that first cohort were between 46 and 52 in 2015 . 
  as such , you 'd expect , based on a ` static views ' scenario , which is what your brexit point requires , an increasingly strong showing for labour as those labour heavy groups filter up through the age categories . 
  instead , we see a big jump in every group when blair comes in followed by a gradual move towards the conservatives among all groups . 
  each group actually comes closer to how the previous 10 year bloc voted at the last election than they do to their own previous performance . 
  it seems that age influences views more strongly than any innate political leanings .
