  the suggestion of putting an ` invade the eu and seize control ' option on the referendum ballot paper never got implemented . 
  ( hilariously , invasion would n't have required a parliamentary vote , but article 50 does ), 
  `` you fuckin wot mate , i 'll cut your bollocks off you prick , swear on me mum '' is the more formal challenge . 
  yet some people on this sub genuinely seem to think your military is poised to roll into gibraltar once we leave the eu . 
  awesome . 
  my brother in law was over there for cold weather training a couple of weeks back . 
  apparently your artillery guys know their shit , but want their rockets back . 
  there are no offensive wars . 
  just different degrees of pre-emptive strike . 
  iraq was just several hundred years away from a full blown invasion of the west ( or , at any rate , you ca n't prove it was n't ), 
  [ got a source ? 
  mine says the uk is 2nd behind the usa ] ( http://www.globalhumanitarianassistance.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/humanitarian-assistance-to-education-for-the-syria-emergency.pdf ) . 
  then the eu overall contribution , then germany . 
  we would , but unfortunately all our money for these refugees is going to the north african camps . 
  you know , because we like to focus our aid strategy on helping people rather than inflating the egos of our leaders and trying to look generous . 
  we pay in far more than we get back . 
  that 's what we care about . 
  actually , we got a 30 % rebate because we were disproportionate contributors to the cap . 
  see how it works : you contribute disproportionately to something , you get some of it back as a rebate , people bitch and moan . 
  plus everyone else 's accommodation costs more to pay for the upkeep . 
  that 's the one we do use . 
  million million was the original , but we do n't use it because it gives stupidly long number names , ( 1x10 ^ 11 is one hundred thousand million in that system rather than one hundred billion , and 10 ^ 23 is one hundred thousand million billion rather than one hundred sextillion ), 
  i hope people will bitch and moan about germany getting ` special treatment ' and so forth ( as was the tradition when the uk got a rebate on something that cost us disproportionately ), 
  i mean , nobody actually uses the ` million million ' english billion anymore . 
  if you want clarity , use standard form , that way it works in every language . 
  2.17 x10 ^ 10 euro . 
  the french are never innocent . 
  we 're dealing with a bloke who thinks the deal will take 9 months and wants his son to lead negotiations because he 's a ` natural dealmaker ' . 
  if we ca n't get a decent deal from that we should have our negotiators shot, 
  has it occurred to you that the reason the only ones left championing it are the right precisely because the left have descended into self-flagellation and bitching at every possible outcome ( uk-usa get closer ` subservient whores !, 
  ' , uk-usa get further apart ` irrelevant has-beens ! ' ), 
  we do n't need to go anywhere . 
  we 're here , and we 'll trade with those who want to . 
  well , that was nice . 
  cool dog too . 
  if those were the only 2 choices , i really do n't know what i 'd pick . 
  personally , i voted out because i do n't think government on that scale works . 
  given that the us federal government does n't really try to govern as much as i 'd expect the eu to ( given the more leftwards nature of european politics ) , i can see an argument in favour of that direction , but i 'd by far prefer neither . 
  our position as reluctant eu members was untenable , and we 'll certainly need to look more to the usa in the short term if the eu decides to try making an example of us to scare the rest of the member states into line , but i 'm not on board with remote governance from anywhere . 
  the difference between the euro and the dollar is that no election in the usa has a party leading in the polls calling for a referendum on leaving the dollar . 
  yeah , greece 's concerns are getting really well addressed . 
  they look so happy . 
  fuck it , i 'm keen on this 90 day deal where our trained negotiators deal with trump 's son who is a ` natural dealmaker ' . 
  i reckon we might not come off too badly . 
  i did not . 
  i just assumed it 'd be portuguese or spanish . 
  replace belize with another country then . 
  say , tajikistan ( i checked , they speak tajik and russian ), 
  except without the eu or the federalism . 
  very few speak no english at all , lots speak it badly enough that they ca n't function in , for example , hospital , without a translator . 
  it causes some pretty severe headaches for nhs staff when they get people in for surgery who ca n't understand what 's being said to them . 
  yeah , but the portugese state was in aggressive competition with all the other small nation states . 
  i suggest we let the usa back into the commonwealth , if they let the queen run against trump in 2020 . 
  if she wins , they become a monarchy again . 
  actually , i think that should be an option at every presidential election everywhere . 
  should make sure they put up decent candidates . 
  employed = / = beneficial or integrated . 
  if someone from belize comes to the uk , works for minimum wage in a factory doing an unskilled job where they only meet other belizeans and shop at a belizean market , live in a belizean area and never learn english , they 're employed , but they 're not a benefit to the uk . 
  ( belize was picked as a relatively neutral example because i figured if i picked a random eu country , someone would get pissed off ), 
  i think the author misses a trick though . 
  zheng he 's expeditions were n't the height of chinese glory , they were the symptom of the cancer that would kill it . 
  huge , lumbering , slow and unwieldy , with no room for personal enterprise or innovation . 
  those huge ships are an emblem of what happens when an empire centralises itself to the point of paralysis in the absence of meaningful opposition . 
  it happened to rome , it happened to china . 
  meanwhile the relatively tiny portugese ships show what can be achieved by small , agile competitive nation states . 
  basically , the sewel convention is an agreement on devolution which states that even though the uk parliament has the legal power to do whatever it wants in the whole uk , it wo n't make laws on areas that it has given control of to the scottish parliament without asking them . 
  ( while the scottish parliament has powers over education , healthcare and some taxation powers , the uk parliament is still sovereign and could overrule them . 
  they have agreed not to . ), 
  the argument being made by the snp is that leaving the eu will affect the devolved areas ( eg . 
  education , because their universities will be affected by leaving the eu ) , the scottish parliament should be able to vote on brexit ( and block it ) . 
  this sort of reasoning is pretty common with the snp , who had promised not to vote on matters in the westminster parliament that only affect england ( england is the only country without a devolved parliament , so on devolved issues , westminster decides for england , which means scottish mps can vote on issues that do n't affect their voters , as they did to introduce university tuition fees under blair , a bill that would have failed without scottish votes ) , but has since blocked a variety of england only legislation , including a repeal of the fox hunting ban , on the basis that because seeing how well the ban works provides information for scotland , the bill was a scottish issue . 
  the opinion of the courts is that , as eu membership is not a devolved area , the sewel convention does n't apply to it . 
  and westminster wo n't decide any of them for scotland without consulting scotland . 
  if the sewel convention covered any decision that had knock on effect on devolved matters , scotland would have a veto on everything from taxation to international treaties to defence policy . 
  hell , the snp has already decided that fox hunting in england and wales is an issue that affects scotland . 
  there 's no way you could run a country like that , and if you ever believed we would , then i have a bridge to sell you ( not the forth road bridge though , that 's a devolved issue ), 
  surely at this point the solution would be a un peacekeeping force taking over eastern ukraine and allowing them to have a referendum on their own future under scrutiny from the international community without military forces from either the pro-russian or the pro-kiev side present . 
  we also had the farthing , which was 1/4 of a penny . 
  fine . 
  they get a referendum when they vote in a party which has such a referendum in its manifesto , assuming that the party in question does n't decide to play word games in order to avoid giving the promised referendum ( see labour 2005 ) . 
  simple , they get a referendum in 40 years , same as the way we ran it last time . 
  if they do n't they lose their jobs . 
  may would call a snap election , kick out any tories who voted against their own manifesto commitments and win by a country mile because the opposition is corbyn . 
  there are 3 realistic paths forward from here : 1 . 
  parliament votes through brexit . 
  continue as before this ruling . 
  commons back brexit , lords block it . 
  may floods the lords with tories , passes a50 with slight delay , we get lords reform after 2020 . 
  commons blocks brexit , may calls ge , tory mps who defied whip are expelled from the party , may wins comfortable majority and we go to either 1 or 2 . 
  at most , this adds 6 months to the timeline . 
  i vote we enter farage singing football chants . 
  not much of a story given that it 's just a confirmation of something that 's pretty blindingly obvious . 
  uk foreign policy is n't a devolved issue . 
  never has been . 
  do you even know what the sewel convention is ? 
  it states that they wo n't legislate on devolved matters without scottish approval . 
  the uk 's eu membership is n't and has never been a devolved issue . 
  having a legal footing does n't stop it being totally irrelevant to the issue , as the court has unanimously decided it is . 
  she was asked to form a government by the queen and can command the confidence of the house of commons . 
  the pm is not a directly elected position , and she has met all the requirements for it .
