  common migration policy and external border force are also supposed to come out of this . 
  yeah , i 'd avoid that , if only because i would n't want my final act to be traumatising some poor bastard who only wanted to drive a train and making a bunch of people late for work . 
  my guess is that a lot of tory peers get appointed , the bill is passed unaltered and may then reduces the number of peers to about 600 , cutting the lib dems down significantly as she does so . 
  you 're assuming that the lords are trying to get a meaningful change , rather than simply to hinder the passage of the bill . 
  it was both . 
  states rights was the principle , slavery was the issue that made that principle real to some people . 
  like how very few people care about sensible budgeting from local government , but would be very annoyed if their rubbish stopped being collected because the council spent all their money on a fact finding trip to the bahamas . 
  the resulting protests are as much about the bins as budgeting , but ultimately there 's little distinction at the time . 
  do n't worry . 
  unlike some countries , we let our people decide who has sovereignty over them through referenda . 
  gibraltar will get a vote if it wants one , and we 'll honour whatever they choose . 
  while significantly reducing the military power available to this command . 
  the main reason we did n't want to be part of an eu command ( apart from the obvious problems with any military force which does n't share a common primary identity ) is that we 'd end up providing far more forces to it than we had control of it . 
  when it 's an issue of fishing or regulations on trade , there 's an argument to be made for tolerating disproportionate representation of smaller member states . 
  but would we be happy with a force where malta provided less than 1 in every 1000 soldiers but got a meaningful say in what the force did . 
  would malta be happy not having a meaningful say when their soldiers were on the line ? 
  the uk would be ( on a very conservative estimate ) be providing around 1/8th of the manpower and more than that share of the materiel and expertise to a notional eu force including us . 
  would that be reflected in our ability to decide how and where that force fights ? 
  i doubt it . 
  if the euro peg no longer serves denmark 's interests , then it goes away . 
  if the euro no longer serves the interests of a eurozone state ( say , greece at the start of their crisis ) tough shit , you 're stuck . 
  i worry that the eu is in the business of manufacturing these catastrophes by setting programs up which inherently unsustainable without further integration . 
  then they wait for the inevitable crisis and push through integration they would n't have got through otherwise , because it 's a crisis . 
  more that the guy installed as king of belgium was put in because the british suggested a relative of the british royals when the dutch got pissy about putting in the nephew of their king . 
  sure ( though in reality , a lot of the terms were dictated by the british rather than anyone else , especially the neutrality and mutual guarantee which lead , in part , to ww1 . ), 
  sure , but usually the revolutionaries are the ones who dictate the terms . 
  sure . 
  but there 's a bunch of stuff that 's up for negotiation that we 're currently in by dint of being in the eu , but there 's no reason we could n't stay in after we leave ( eg . 
  gallileo , horizon 2020 , erasmus or any other program that is being touted as something we lose by leaving the eu but israel is a member of ), 
  how will we get past the indomitable will of francois hollande ? 
  i guess we can just wait . 
  he has all of 3 months left before he 's just some bloke who used to be a politician . 
  sure , i was expecting them to make an appointment . 
  yeah , i know . 
  in fact , i explicitly said that . 
  mostly it 's just to lead you by the nose through the requirements and try to minimise applications from ineligible people . 
  yeah , i can see why they 'd want one , i 'm just suggesting that a 12 man written petition could be easily replaced with 12 people showing up at a given time . 
  if you let them apply , they still have to pay the fees . 
  yeah , that sounds right , since he 's supposed to take her back . 
  it 's more ` have you been convicted of terror related offences ', 
  who ? 
  cite your source . 
  well , the non-eu residents also have to use this 85 page form , because it 's a common form that deals with everyone . 
  that 's why it is so long . 
  most of it does n't apply to any given user . 
  also , almost all of those pages can be skipped . 
  a hypothetical french citizen applying on 5 year terms needs to fill in pages 6 , 15-19 , 23 , 28-29 , 46-50 , 74-82 and 85 for a total of 22 pages . 
  still a lot , but several of those contain only tickboxes that you need to put ` no ' in to assert that you are n't a terrorist or similar . 
  maybe being good at running the country might have been a better way to achieve that than passionate entreaties after a term of failure . 
  surely a petition is n't strictly necessary for 12 people . 
  they could just all turn up at wherever they planned to deliver the petition . 
  hornblower . 
  ca n't say which one , but it 's probably somewhere around the 3rd or 4th , since it 's pellew sending him back . 
  may has n't asserted that she wo n't pay , just that , without a deal , she does n't actually have to . 
  we 'll go for distribution of assets and a trade deal , but if the eu decide to be unreasonable , we 'll walk away without paying . 
  my mum operates on a mixed system of churches and shops that have n't existed under that name for at least 30 years ( peter lords shoes is apparently clarks now , for example ), 
  ` if you 're shit enough at running your own country , the eu will start to look good by comparison ' . 
  surely a goal for all the leaders to strive for . 
  it 's all right . 
  you guys keep your sat-nav to yourselves , we 'll keep our intelligence apparatus to ourselves and we 'll see how many dead citizens eu pride is worth . 
  or we could make a deal that is n't based on pettiness and benefit both sides . 
  nah , we were expecting this sort of threat . 
  the simple response is to add up all the money we paid for it and take it off of the amount we owe for the ral . 
  if we 're not getting our share of the assets , we 're not going to pay our share of the liabilities . 
  or rather , we make one 85 page form instead of 20 4 page forms and a 20 page instructional booklet defining the terms in those forms . 
  ok , fun as this is , it 's pretty misleading . 
  it 's the permanent residency application for non-eu citizens and just about everyone else too . 
  i 'm going to break it down . 
  pages 1-5 explain who the form is for and how to fill it in . 
  page 6 is the first one you actually have to fill in , and is just payment details for the fee . 
  pages 7-14 deal with the biometric information for non-eea applicants . 
  pages 15-19 are for your personal details and those of any family members included on the application . 
  20 and 21 take the details of your sponsor . 
  23 and 24 cover what type of application you 're making and direct you to the appropriate sections depending on what basis you are applying , since the forms differ for different classes of application . 
  from then on , it 's just a bunch of sections for the different types . 
  this one form will cover your immigration and bringing along kids whether you 're an eea migrant applying on the basis of long residency , a non-eea migrant replacing your stolen residency permit or the family member of a uk citizen who has been living in an eea state for over 5 years . 
  basically , you can have one big form that explains what you need to do and can be used by anyone , or you can have a bunch of short forms and have lots of people get rejected for sending in the wrong one . 
  we 've opted for a single ` choose your own adventure ' style form , rather than the approach other countries are being commended for , which is to have a large number of shorter forms which often reference separate explanatory documents . 
  yeah , given that dragoon was less than a week in by the time paris was liberated , and took place hundreds of miles from paris , it does n't seem super relevant . 
  also , talk to someone from the countries the ussr liberated . 
  you might start to see the value in the allied efforts in france . 
  yeah , i should really have put commonwealth rather than british . 
  ( sure mate , the d-day landings were a total sideshow to the french liberation of themselves , it 's just a massive coincidence that they happened at the same time after france had been occupied for years . 
  whatever keeps your national pride intact i guess . ), 
  ( actually , it was an invasion organized by the british and americans , who also organized the resistance , to the extent that one could ever consider the resistance organized , given that their habit of murdering each other and denouncing other resistance groups to the nazis meant that the allies ended up deprioritizing supplies for the resistance , as they were doing as much harm as good and were deemed to be mostly a waste of resources ), 
  ` paris that stood up to liberate itself and that succeeded in doing this with its own hands ' ( its own hands here being a regiment of spanish republicans , the us 4th infantry and a fuckload of other non-french who made it possible for those guys to head in ), 
  either all meps should , or none should . 
  it certainly should never be within the gift of political groups to shield those they agree with from prosecution while throwing their opponents to the wolves . 
  would you be happy if your mp was called into a whip 's office before an important vote , and told that if did n't vote a particular way , they 'd probably go to prison ? 
  because that 's a realistic scenario with the setup they have . 
  the problem is that we have a situation where people can go to prison , in effect , for not toeing the ep 's line . 
  hardly conducive to proper democratic representation . 
  today on ` totally unbiased decisions ', 
  i 'd suggest that they are less well off , and thus less likely to see things like free movement as a benefit , since they are unlikely to ever need to go work in paris or frankfurt , and they are often the areas experiencing the most rapid demographic shifts ( see boston for example . 
  not much over the average for migrants population , but almost all of that population arrived since 2004 . 
  adding an immigrant for every 8th person in a previously homogeneous town over a 10 year period is pretty jarring . 
  i roadtripped up from leicester over christmas just to go . 
  it was worth the 6 hour round trip . 
  any group of people , if allowed to enter at sufficient rates to a country in which they are not native , will inevitably agglomerate and form an enclave of their own culture , since it 's way more comfortable . 
  that 's human nature .
