  access to 5 eyes information , the co-operation of 1 of 2 competent military forces in europe and , of course , a fuckload of money from the eu budget each year . 
   the eu has been trying [ not trying very hard , given that germany blocked a reciprocal right to remain deal in november last year ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-theresa-may-angela-merkel-eu-migrants-deal-a7445261.html ) the greek crisis was a simple choice . 
  do you do what helps the most people , or what plays well politically . 
  they chose to do what played well politically , and used greece as a conduit to bail out french and german banks , then set about punitive austerity measures to sell the bank bailout to their domestic audiences . 
  so they could not rival the usa , and also because there was good reason to suspect at that point that they could n't be trusted with a military . 
  you 've got to remember that when this was decided , the world had spend 10 of the last 31 years fighting wars in which germany was the aggressor . 
  it 's pretty hard to justify letting a country with that record rearm at that point . 
  i mean , we do have troops in estonia right now . 
  yeah , we do have leverage , it 's just that every time any part of it ( be it intelligence , military support , eu citizens ' rights in the uk or whatever else ) is mentioned we get ` you ca n't use that ' . 
  which is why i suggest we leave with no deal and work from there , when we can demonstrate exactly what it is the eu stands to lose . 
  oddly phrased , but inaccurate . 
  the eu wo n't give us anything of value , i 'm pretty clear on that point . 
  you see , there are 2 possible priorities that eu leaders could have . 
  secure the deal which is best for eu citizens ( ie . 
  fewest lost jobs in eu , least disruption to trade , secure rights of eu citizens abroad ) 2 . 
  secure the deal which is best for the institutions of the eu ( ie . 
  harshest possible terms , set an example of what happens if you try to leave , make sure that everyone else pays up to avoid a similar result ) . 
  from observing the response to the greek crisis , i already know what they 'll choose . 
  they were prepared to let hundreds of thousands of their own people descend into grinding poverty avoid damaging the project . 
  no way will they ever make a reasonable deal with the uk . 
  i see no profitable end to talks with the eu as long as they continue to act like a protection racket . 
  the uk is better off leaving , outlasting their attempts to harm us and building an economy in which the eu is not important enough for them to do us any further damage, 
  i can understand the motivation of this attack far more than those of the attack in manchester early this week , but that makes it no more justified . 
  nobody has been helped by this attack , nor would anyone have been had it succeeded . 
  if your concern is poverty in greece , do n't build bombs , go out and help poor people . 
  in the immortal words of the banner hung in parliament square ` stop killing people you fucking twats ', 
  fptp favours whoever is in the lead to some degree , and the current boundaries favour labour ( in that they get more seats per vote , all else being equal ), 
  i 've started again this year , all the jeans i bought in 2013/14 are starting to get holes . 
  if you 're worried , all you need to do is make a treaty with us . 
  it 's a pretty simple process . 
  the trick is not to makes stupid demands for exorbitant sums of money . 
  why do you assume the eu would agree to that ? 
  they 're clearly not interested in a sensible deal , or they would n't be doing everything possible to hinder the negotiations . 
  there is no good reason to expect that if we engage in negotiations in good faith , we will see anything but a continuation of the grandstanding , slander and insults that are all the eu officials have offered to date . 
  as i see it , the only way to secure serious negotiations is to exit the eu without paying any bill , and then begin proceedings to deport those eu citizens who are not beneficial to the uk economy . 
  perhaps then the eu will decide that it is time to negotiate seriously . 
  no deal it is then . 
  no point fucking about if the eu are n't going to take this seriously . 
  might as well leave as soon as we get parliament back together instead of paying to sit around listening to them make stupid demands for 2 years . 
  more accurately , may broke rule 1 of uk elections : bribe the elderly . 
  i think the argument is that an overvalued currency depresses exports , leading to the sort of trade deficit you talk about , while an undervalued one will boost export , as we see in germany, 
  was it beagle 2 , the british lander which cut communications with earth after landing , announcing that mars was for free robots ? 
  ( nobody knows how it smuggled that gun aboard ), 
  hence the general atmosphere of anger, 
  just a note , the ` unprecedented ' support is the money being chucked into keeping the north sea rigs in business to stop scotland 's economy getting any worse . 
  i think they hire in temps . 
  that 'd be ` one dance ' by drake . 
  but now i get a free pass on the colonialism bit because of race ? 
  good to know that you think that someone who has lived their entire life in the uk , and whose parents did the same still does n't count as properly british . 
  if we 're saying immigrants can integrate , then you should be as willing to hold a black british guy to account for the actions of 18th century british people as you would be to hold a white brit to . 
  if a black british person is to be spared that particular line of bullshit , you 're as good as saying that no non-white can ever be british , which means that the people calling non-whites a threat would be right , since immigrants would represent a separate , impossible to integrate group . 
  so if i was to say that i were in fact a black british man of 3rd generation carribean descent , would you withdraw the criticism ? 
  interesting , so you are saying that , by dint of their ancestry , british people 's opinions should be given less weight on this issue . 
  that 's pretty textbook racism there . 
  being born in a stable does not make a man a horse . - daniel o'connell ( referring to the duke of wellington ), 
  which is ironic , given that the terrorist in manchester was the son of refugees fleeing gaddafi 's regime . 
  no , this is austria . 
  you might remember them from such achievements as : losing about 6 wars against napoleon that we paid for , eventually joining france 's side , losing , fighting against us in ww1 ( and losing ) and fighting against us in ww2 ( and losing ) . 
  oh , and i believe they do a good line in opera . 
  you would be to , if you did n't keep losing . 
  i think you 're confusing personal wellbeing with political goals . 
  if the aim was to force further eu integration that people would n't otherwise want , the euro and schengen failures have been great successes . 
  ok , let 's go with the assumption that people in power made a huge mistake that happened to advance their own interests , and then the same people made a very similar mistake in another area that happened to advance the same interests in the same way . 
  fuck me , what a lucky bunch those pro-eu leaders are . 
  except that you are taking the assumptions to the specific rather than the general . 
  assumption : the policy of governments is set by a relatively small number of people . 
  assumption : these people were made aware of the flaws in the euro system , because they employ at least one economist each . 
  assumption : these people were aware that the global economy goes through boom and bust periods in a roughly cyclical fashion , because they employ at least one person who has studied economics to a-level or equivalent . 
  they could thus reasonably assume a crash was inevitable at some point . 
  assumption : they were aware that greece was hiding its debts to fit the rules because they got at least one rational adult to check the papers , and they did n't believe that , for example , the greek railway changing from a public company to a private company that only the greek government held shares in suddenly turned a billion euro annual loss into an asset . 
  assumption : people are willing to vote for a policy when politicians they support back that policy , even if some economists say it is a bad idea ( this one is pretty well supported by events ) as to the idea they have covered it up , they have n't . 
  several economists have pointed out that they told eu leaders at the time that this was an inevitable result . 
  essentially , most of my assumptions could be validated by the presence of a single undergraduate economics student in the government of the relevant countries . 
  waitrose essentials is the best . 
  coconut milk should not be considered essential . 
  not really . 
  i have to assume that a few people in power decided to set the euro project in motion despite the obvious flaws in it . 
  thereafter , there are plenty of true believers and idiots who 'd back it regardless . 
  the alternative requires that people who were made well aware of the problems simply chose to ignore them . 
  my assumption is that pro-eu politicians viewed the electorate as something to be circumvented rather than listened to , and acted accordingly . 
  there 's a fair bit of evidence to back that idea . 
  you 're suggesting that the people putting the euro into place did n't realise the problems that their own economists repeatedly told them would be caused by the euro would be ? 
  yeah , that 's absolutely not why the eurozone was set up as it is . 
  it was set up as a push towards fiscal union in the eu , just as schengen was designed to force people to accept a common external border force . 
  the idea is that you frontload benefits ( ooh , i do n't have to change my money/show my passport at the border ) , and by the time the inevitable problems occur ( debt crises/migrant crisis ) people are too used to the benefits and reliant on the system to want to go back , so you get to push through shit that people would n't have even considered like common spending policies or a common border force . 
  depends if you see bank bailouts as a good idea . 
  the uk bailed out its banks when they got caught up in the us housing collapse , but we took huge shares of the banks ( 43 % of lloyds for example ) . 
  when german and french banks gambled on greek bonds and lost , they bailed them out and took greek debt in exchange . 
  well , it 's hardly our fault that everyone else 's colonies sucked . 
  yes , it means ' a person who tempers ', 
  well , they 're british , so the policy is that you say ` morning ' if you 're north of the watford gap services , or avoid eye contact if you 're south of there , as with everyone else . 
  if it 's the afternoon , avoid eye contact everywhere . 
  most people on here do n't remember connecting for health . 
  ( the # 12bn healthcare database cancelled with zero result after nearly a decade of ` work ' ), 
  manchester . 
  i 've found the link . 
  the bombers are ... ... ... ... afc ajax . 
  it 's temperer , as in tempered steel . 
  i think the idea is that you can stick us in the fire if you like , but all it does is make us stronger ( and more ductile ), 
  so they 're both in southern germany ?
