  the eu does n't require supermarkets to buy from other eu countries if they do n't want to . 
  imagine trying to force french supermarkets to stock english wine . 
  supermarket tries to get competitors to join in with expensive meat-sourcing policy shocker . 
  was it ? 
  because i 've only seen the story in the irish press . 
  not a great way to reach the pro-brexit crowd , since they mostly live in the uk . 
  yep , the co-op supermarket continuing a policy is certainly a sign that the uk is out to get ireland . 
  it 's fun that you guys decided to use the gmt -30 years timezone . 
  uk is a net contributor . 
  so we pay farage 's wages , and the eu takes a cut as the money goes through their account . 
  the uk taxpayer , with the rest of the eu taking a hefty cut as the money passes by . 
  yeah , but a generalised ` no non-eu dual citizenship ' idea is not a good one , and i 'd expect someone with an irish flair to be keenly aware of why , for example , the republican northern irish might be upset at either having to renounce uk citizenship and be treated as foreigners in their own country or renounce irish citizenship and no longer be a citizen of the country they consider their own . 
  and when the republican northern irish get upset , a lot of innocent people tend to get murdered . 
  he says , forgetting that the good friday agreement is a thing . 
  the french embassy in the uk was a polling place for their presidential elections . 
  there has to be a reason to want to learn the language though . 
  i did near enough 500 hours of french at secondary school , it did n't really stick , because i had no reason to use it . 
  all the media that i was exposed to was in english . 
  unless you create literature in your new language , and produce films in it , and make it a real , living language that people use day to day , it wo n't ever take hold . 
  the eu as an organisation does n't have the money or the political will to take on a project of that magnitude . 
  if you wanted your language to rival english , you 'd need to set up a movie industry to take on hollywood . 
  that means spending at least a billion a month just on films with no hope of making it back , since you 've cut your market down from billions to at best a hundred million or so if uptake is immense . 
  music will cost further billions , literature and theatre even more . 
  the eu would be spending more subsidising the language than it ever did on farms . 
  who would agree to pay ? 
  ireland has gealic as its official language in the eu . 
  if you want a neutral language your options are russian ( unlikely to be popular ) or teaching everyone something from scratch as esperanto so spectacularly failed to do . 
  technicalities matter in the eu . 
  some would say they matter more there than practicalities . 
  neither has english as their official language in the eu iirc . 
  most people do n't vote 2 . 
  most voters could n't name the eu group their chosen party is in 3 . 
  almost nobody could tell you who their party was backing for commission president . 
  it will be the 2nd most common language in the eu once the uk leaves ( the most common still being english ), 
  you see , that could be a really clever comeback , but by using french to write it in , you 've cut your potential audience by about 90 % . 
  and you may think that fighting a losing battle is n't a waste of time , but i can tell you for free that government quotas are no way to produce culture . 
  the eu ca n't even get countries to produce milk in a sensible way , i doubt they 're going to succeed in the arts . 
  why though ? 
  surely in that situation in a pr election , the right wing party ca n't form a government , as the left wingers would have more seats than them and thus be able to form a coalition government ? 
  it 'd be odd to declare the only party not in power the winner of the election . 
  seems pretty arbitrary . 
  essentially ` whoever splits their political wing least wins ' . 
  if you had 2 left wing parties with 30 % of the vote each and 1 right wing party with 40 % of the vote , you would n't declare the right wing the winner and let them pick the pm, 
  nobody needs to fight for english . 
  the eu is already desperately fighting against it ( see the attempts to force quotas of european media onto streaming services ) and losing . 
  english will continue to be the lingua franca of europe and the world , and if the eu has any sense it will take advantage of that . 
  if it decides to waste time , effort and money on pushing an alternative , that 's up to the countries involved . 
  the biggest english speaking group in the eu is n't native speakers . 
  as it stands , that 's 13 % of the population . 
  it 's the people who speak it as a 2nd language ( 38 % of population ) . 
  even if most of the 13 % leave , europe will still need a common language , and english will still be the best candidate . 
  ( german and french are spoken as a non-native language by 14 % of the population each , so german would be the next best candidate as a common language , but would still be less widely spoken and more concentrated in one area than english in an eu without the uk , even if we ignore the prevalence of english in the rest of the world and in popular culture ) the uk leaving could easily pave the way for formalising english as a european common language , as doing so would no longer represent the eu favouring one member state over another . 
  as english will no longer be the official language of any member state , making it a common language is an unbiased move . 
  so his vision for europe is isolationism ? 
  i do n't really see how a single party can really be declared the ` winner ' of a pr election , especially when they came 2nd in vote share . 
  yeah . 
  english is so unimportant to culture that the eu is desperately trying to force streaming providers to put up a quota of non-english programming . 
  a quote from an excellent tv show . 
  ` yes minister ' . 
  depending on where you are it might be on netflix . 
  [ here 's the relevant scene . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvyuowyk8iu ), 
  germany gets other things out of the eu that the uk does n't get . 
  for example , their massive trade surplus and the ability to weild any sort of power on the international stage with any legitimacy ( to quote yes minister , the germans went in [ to the eec ] to cleanse themselves of genocide and apply for readmission to the human race ), 
  did it involve multiple nuclear detonations in populated areas across poland ? 
  i feel like that would have been mentioned when we did the cold war in school . 
  gross contributions are tied to gdp , sure . 
  net contributions were what went up massively . 
  i 'd like to correct the scandalous misinformation here . 
  black tie is evening wear , and only for certain occasions ( white tie may be used if it 's a more formal dinner , so make sure you pack a couple of sets of elbow length gloves as well as one or two different ball gowns if you 're staying more than a couple of days here ) . 
  for daily wear , gents can be expected to wear a simple black business suit with a bowler hat . 
  fedoras will clearly mark you out as either a yank or a spiv , so steer clear of them . 
  ladies have more variety in their choice of dresses or skirts , but hems should be kept respectably below the knee . 
  in the evening , cocktail dresses and some tasteful jewellery will be fine for a casual dinner . 
  so you 're going to be cold . 
  yeah , poland would have really benefited from a war where allied strategy would have to have been based heavily on use of nuclear weapons against the single most bloody minded leader europe has ever seen . 
  or to look at it another way , look at the ecb spending eu money on manipulating national opinions in member states . 
  i feel like any other political organisation offering subsidy in exchange for electing their favoured candidate would be looked on somewhat unfavourably . 
  imagine nato offering bond buys if countries elect candidates who back us wars in the middle east, 
  it 's worth noting that we voted that way after the eec did the equivalent of when broadband companies offer you the first 3 months for a fiver a month , then jack the rate up to # 30 a month . 
  the year we voted was ( purely by coincidence , i 'm sure ) the only year we were ever a net recipient of funds from the eec or eu . 
  nah , they do n't like the judges . 
  so back to something like the famously shit erm ? 
  why bother ? 
  the euro is a slight improvement on the erm , as it 's more convenient and tougher for people like soros to fuck it about . 
  either have a completely decoupled currency or stick with the euro , do n't go for a halfway house that is worse than either . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  talks can be held in an office in scunthorpe , we can put them up in the travelodge . 
  should n't be too expensive . 
  if they want something nicer , they can pay for it themselves . 
  all along ? 
  was he saying that when he still needed us to liberate his country for him ? 
  any examples of that actually happening , or are you just having a random pop at the uk tabloids because they 're an easy , if irrelevant target ? 
  transparency in lawmaking is a good thing . 
  leaking smear stories about foreign leaders is a great way to lose the respect of other countries in diplomatic relations . 
  i do , however , look forward to seeing the detailed transcript of the next eu council meeting , if tusk has decided on transparency . 
  coming from someone who has the flag of an organisation whose every law is passed by an council which negotiates in secret as his flair , that 's a bit ironic as a criticism . 
  show me the document where the uk made any legally binding commitment to pay in the event of brexit . 
  tusk needs to stop his people leaking smear stories to newspapers then . 
  eu functionaries will be treated with respect if and when they begin to act in a respectable fashion .
