  nope . 
  it 'll mean either brexit as planned or a snap ge followed by brexit and and increased majority for may . 
  none at all , we joined without a referendum , then held one on staying in which was a 50 % +1 vote . 
  if you did n't need a supermajority to go in , you should n't need one to get out . 
  yep . 
  yeah , but when our policy is ` fuck the non-proliferation treaties , we 're not telling ' , i ca n't really hold it against the usa that much . 
  not his first that year either : [ billionaire soros was ` long ' on pound before vote on brexit ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-27/soros-was-long-the-pound-before-brexit-vote-says-spokesman ), 
  soros is having a bad time of it lately . 
  he longed the pound over brexit and lost a billion on trump . 
  seems like he 's just predicting that all the shit he got wrong will reverse itself . 
  ` nuclear secrets ' here being the serial numbers of the missiles which they were required to release anyway per non-proliferation treaties . 
  it allowed them to know the count , but that 's pretty much it . 
  i hear that research was based on fake news propagated by russian hackers . 
  basically , the queen is a last ditch , if all else goes wrong smash glass safeguard against a government which is acting against the will of the people . 
  if the government wanted to , say , suspend the right to elections , they could force it past the lords with enough time using the parliament act . 
  but the queen ca n't be circumvented , ever . 
  if she refuses to grant royal assent , the bill fails , and the government must either depose her or give up . 
  so if the government does something that the public ( and , vitally , the military ) are strongly opposed to , the queen can block it . 
  if she uses the power , the government will try to abolish the monarchy , which will succeed unless the queen has public support . 
  if she does , the military ( who are technically sworn to the queen ) will depose the government instead . 
  to be honest , banning the independent is something you should look at anyway . 
  it 's a clickbait website trading on the good name of a newspaper that no longer exists . 
  the problem is that the vote does n't necessarily represent the views expressed in the meeting . 
  a council representative could argue against a proposal in private , but when it becomes clear that it will pass , vote for it , and the people they represent would be none the wiser . 
  likewise , it 's easy to feign opposition by voting against a measure once you know it has enough support to pass . 
  well , for the uk parliament , you can find out exactly who said what through hansard . 
  that 's what i 'm taking as my basic standard for transparency . 
  i want to know what arguments were made on my behalf by the person who is supposed to be representing me . 
  ca n't do that , it 'd be racist . 
  also , we do n't have a government , it 's the uk government , and evel keeps being blocked by the snp . 
  ( who also keep voting on england & wales only issues like sunday trading laws ), 
  that tactic will continue working until council meetings are open to public scrutiny . 
  i 'd argue that a romanian with no qualifications should n't be treated preferentially to an aussie with a phd ( or a colombian with a phd for that matter ) , on account of my conviction that where your from matters less than who you are . 
  what they 're proposing seems to be a more relaxed set of criteria for tier 2 visas , which would still mean well off , high skilled immigrants with jobs already in place coming in , so no , i do n't think anyone will have a problem with this . 
  do n't confuse the issue with facts . 
  the british are all horrible racists . 
  it 's because of their inferior genes . 
  does it ? 
  the eu 's big threat on financial matters is to take euro clearing in house . 
  that fucks the value of the euro as a reserve currency , but probably does n't ruin london . 
  and it sets a precedent where the civil service do n't get to decide how the uk is run . 
  i googled ` scotland independence polling ' and got loads . 
  what did you try ? 
  [ the ` opinion polling on scottish independence ' wikipedia page is a good shout ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence ) every poll since may became pm has shown a 5-11 % lead for the no ( stay in the uk ) side , with a general trend towards no as time goes on . 
  usually in these sort of cases , it 'll turn out to be ' 5 burglaries and losing their id card ' or ` assault and being drunk and disorderly in a park ( at a birthday party ) ' the charity has an agenda to push , so they pick the bits that suit that agenda . 
  probably because the english identity does n't get promoted , while the scottish and welsh identities have regional governments with money to burn on language projects and pushing fantasy versions of their national identity ( scotland is particularly bad for trying to push highland customs and languages onto people who do n't even live in the areas those customs are from . 
  look at bbc alba , about the biggest waste of government money currently going . ), 
  if they want to be . 
  fakir and faker are very different things . 
  fakir , derived from the arabic faqur meaning poverty , is the eastern equivalent of the hermetic holy men we used to get in the west . 
  basically , imagine if donald trump had showed up at the start of the presidential campaign in sackcloth robes with a cross headed staff and an unkempt beard claiming to live a life of simple poverty . 
  funnily enough , ghandi was faking being a fakir . 
  well obviously , he 'd have been horrified at the very idea of a referendum on anything important , since the civil service ca n't dictate the outcome of referenda . 
  to be fair , it 's not like being president of the usa , where at least a quarter of the people you intend to govern need to actually recognise you if you want any hope of getting the job . 
  the irony being that the uk has been the eu state most favourable to trade with china for a long time . 
  all the examples i gave have really happened . 
  designing subsidies in such a way that they do n't create perverse incentives is nearly impossible . 
  look at the cap over the years . 
  i 'm also not sure about how the us tax system works , but we have stuff like 'em ployers ni ' , which essentially taxes employers for having employees , and is a bit of a hidden tax , since employers have to pay up to 13.8 % of the salary in tax ( as well as what the employees pay ) . 
  this means that for a given cost of hiring , the pay ( and thus the gross income ) is lower . 
  not that it 'd change the fact that us incomes are higher than uk ones , but it 's closer than those figures suggest . 
  income is a bit of a misleading figure to use here , especially household income , since the figures include benefits in kind like health insurance , which tends to inflate the earnings in countries with less efficient healthcare systems . 
  the uk spends relatively little on the nhs , so our income is lowered without necessarily feeling any different . 
  that said , the uk has more negative media coverage of the usa ( simply by having more coverage overall ) and is likely warier of any form of free movement , since we 've actually tried it . 
  it 's what subsidies do . 
  pay a farmer by how much land he has , and he 'll buy empty fields . 
  pay a company to safely dispose of a toxic chemical , and they 'll manufacture more of it to get the disposal money . 
  pay people to use biomass heating and they 'll heat an empty shed to claim the money . 
  subsidies create perverse incentives which promote perverse behaviour . 
  basically , we 've spotted that cohesion funds go to poor areas , so we 've chosen some poor areas and left them to it . 
  that way the eu pays to keep them basically functional and we can spend the money we save elsewhere . 
  if we invested in those areas , the eu would just spend the money in eastern europe . 
  which means may has until 2025 without significant external threats . 
  all she needs is to keep her own party in line . 
  an assumption that only holds provided that the universe is uniform . 
  there 's no reason an area of the universe ca n't contain zero energy . 
  the law does n't say what the author will conclude , it just says that the answer is no . 
  yeah , we do a bit . 
  civil vs. common law for one thing . 
  also , they 're unlikely to allow free movement without trying to bring their poor mates along . 
  massive disparity in gdp per capita . 
  not a good idea in a free movement zone . 
  not like they make a point of reminding every team they play rugby against that they 've got maori heritage with a massive shouting display . 
  seriously ? 
  nz has really been big on adopting maori culture . 
  have you never seen the all blacks do their famous haka ? 
  shit , have you ever seen the all blacks at all ? 
  hardly an all-white team . 
  it seems you 're assigning xenophobia to the uk based on a simple misunderstanding of the language . 
  let 's see if we ca n't sort your problem : if you are a barcelona fan , and messi signs for another team , it is reasonable to say that messi has left barcelona ( and indeed , that 's how you 'll think about it , because where he 's gone is less important than that he 's gone ) if you 're a swansea fan , and you just signed messi , you 'll report it as messi coming to swansea , because that 's what is important to you . 
  in the same fashion , from the point of view of people from their country of origin , someone who moves from their country of origin to another is an expat , because they have left , which is the pertinent point for the country they left . 
  from the point of view of people in the country they move to , they are an immigrant , because they have arrived , which is what the people in the country they have arrived in care about, 
  literally never heard that distinction made by anyone not having a go at the british . 
  basically , as we see it , emigrants are n't part of the equation . 
  if spain does n't want british people to move there , spain should stop them . 
  if spain chooses to let them in , that 's their lookout , and should n't oblige us to do the same . 
  i guess you meen canzuk , rather than the commonwealth . 
  free movement with india , pakistan , cameroon , nigeria , sri lanka and zambia would see even bigger disparity than eu free movement , and consequently much bigger and more disruptive mass migrations . 
  basically , people want free movement with countries of similar or greater wealth to their own . 
  we want it with the aussies and canadians , eastern europe wants it with us , and i 'd bet that the stannic nations and north africa would be keen on free movement to eastern europe .
