  it 's not a privacy issue , the government already knows who works where . 
  what ? 
  the difference is simple . 
  a uk resident who does n't have a job costs the uk government money , a non-uk resident who does n't have a job does n't . 
  therefore , it 's in the interest of the uk government to incentivise the hiring of the former . 
  if you ignore the enormous use of slavery and other atrocities . 
  yes , i think that 's a reasonable assessment . 
  can you point me to many better european empires ? 
  you 're going last vanguard to first successor , which is n't how we 'd do the replacement . 
  you have to replace the first vanguard ( 1990-2015 25 year intended life ) with the first successor , or you end up with one working sub for a good while in the middle , which is n't enough to maintain the deterrent . 
  we do n't have the facilities to build , outfit and trial 4 subs at once , so we queue them up ( there 's also the advantage of being able to feed back into the design of later subs from the first set of trials ), 
  i think we 've got 2 parallel conversations going here . 
  well , vanguard only took about 12 years , so it does seem slower , but then successor is a bit more complicated . 
  we 're already on a life extension program to get it through to 2028 ( by which time it 'll be nearly 15 years past its intended lifetime ) . 
  eventually you ca n't extend any further . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghettos_in_nazi-occupied_europe i do n't see the merit of typing the list out when some helpful soul on wikipedia did it for me . 
  well , the timeline on the successor class sees the first one enter active service in 2028 . 
  designing , building , fitting out and conducting sea trials on a nuclear submarine is a tremendously complicated process and it takes a very long time . 
  i guess we could wait 2 years , but then we 'd have almost no room for delays ( and it 's a military project , so there will be delays ), 
  ok : a bit of a mixed bag , some great works , some tragic mistakes , some deliberate atrocities . 
  on the whole one of the best european empires , although that 's not exactly a high ethical bar to clear . 
  not sure how any of that is relevant , but the point is that it has to be advertised in the uk before it can be advertised abroad , and they uk does have very good , if allegedly censored and spied upon , internet access . 
  sure , but then they 'll get called names and threatened by the presidents of tiny countries . 
  the first successor-class is due in 2028 , as we set the project off this year . 
  i like the idea of waiting until 2030 , and then realizing we 've got no subs for 17 years while we wait for the new generation . 
  out of interest , where in montenegro is this instant submarine factory and how do i invest in it ? 
  they will be by the time the new ones are finished . 
  the first vanguard class entered service in 1990 with a projected 25 year lifetime ( for fans of maths , that takes us up to last year ) . 
  successor class subs are expected to start entering operation in 2028 . 
  we 've actually left it way longer than we should have done , but with refits we can bridge the gap . 
  i think he means bribery in the sense that the eu is taking money from national governments and then using it to give people free holidays to try to make them like the eu more . 
  yep . 
  which is why i would n't make bengal famine analogies when criticizing other countries ' policies . 
  that said , i feel like a small amount of responsibility for the appropriation of food for our war effort has to be borne by those who caused the war we were fighting at the time of the 1943 famine . 
  [ helpful map ] ( http://s3.timetoast.com/public/uploads/photos/3655061/nazi_europe.jpg?1362944417 ), 
  and will vote exactly as germany and france tell them to . 
  because they dare n't do otherwise . 
  hell , greece was a much bigger player than malta , but they let people starve rather than risk pissing off germany . 
  malta wo n't stand in the way of a deal if doing so risks annoying the rest of the eu . 
  it 'll be a compromise , everything is . 
  but malta 's opinion does n't worry me , because malta 's position will , when it comes down to it , be what malta 's position always has to be . 
  ` do as we 're told by the big boys ' . 
  i doubt the uk will be foolish enough to go to war against the uk . 
  we 've seen enough countries make that mistake . 
  not sure you 're clear on how democracy works , mate . 
  it turns out that the vast ( 70 % + ) majority of people in the uk want to reduce immigration . 
  so we voted in a party that also wanted to do that , and then we had a vote on leaving an organization which was preventing us doing that . 
  all very much a democratic process . 
  as to the ehrc , we 're working to ensure that the judiciary not expand the law far beyond the originally agreed intentions . 
  democracy is not about letting appointed officials do what the hell they like , despite what the eu would have you believe . 
  well , the current method for non-eu staff that we 've been using for years without decending into a facist state ( as seems to be r/europe 's projection whenever we do anything about immigration ) is to require the job to be advertised in the uk for 28 days before hiring out , but it has been suggested that a new , less easily gamed test might be introduced , ( if you advertise for an aerospace engineer with at least 20 years experience in the window of a rural post office for 28 days , you 'll probably get no takers , but you 'd technically meet the requirements ), 
  my mistake , i forgot that france is n't above us any more , so i 'd knocked one off for their being lumped together with germany . 
  5th it is . 
  i do enjoy these sort of jokes on / r/europe . 
  unlike most places in europe , the uk has never required anyone to wear a yellow star . 
  it 's like being lectured on sensible monetary policy by people displaying the flag of zimbabwe, 
  that 's literally the point of the headline . 
  ` firms sponsoring work visas to be required to show that hiring outside uk is necessary ' does n't have quite the same impact . 
  i enjoy the irony of someone from an ex-axis power making nazi jokes about the uk . 
  edit : clearly people would rather shoot their mouths of without being reminded of their countries ' links to genocidal regimes . 
  you should n't , that 's the point of the system . 
  if you have a need for non-uk staff , then that 's fine . 
  all your staff are already on several lists . 
  they 're on a list for paye . 
  again , if you genuinely ca n't get qualified staff in the uk , there should n't be an issue with this . 
  it 's designed to prevent firms hiring out for jobs that could easily be done with uk resident staff to lower wage costs . 
  my guess is that once we actually leave the eu , they 'll quickly exclude students from net migration numbers . 
  well , we 'd be 5th in the world if the eu is treated as a whole . 
  so it really depends what portion of the eu 's power you ascribe to malta . 
  edit : 5th , not 4th , sorry japan, 
  are we counting denmark as ` fighting bravely ' ? 
  only as long as the uk is . 
  after that , the usa is the biggest . 
  the fact that an area could be drawn where there was extremely strong support for the union is a reasonable justification of allowing them to leave the single irish state and stay in , though it really should have gone to a local vote . 
  imf predicted growth in 2015 too . 
  they were 3 % too optimistic . 
  so was the greek bailout . 
  eu treaties are really more like guidelines . 
  i vote the uk government buys every seat on every plane leaving malta in the month of august 2017 . 
  it 'd be a fun , cheap way to remind them of their place in the grand scheme . 
  we 're so mad at you we 'll treat you as shittily as our we treat our own people !, 
  the eu will almost certainly have a visa waiver with the uk anyway . 
  the right to work is what is at issue, 
  so the hellenic state and slovak republic get a free pass ? 
  i 'm all for it . 
  ni is a money pit . 
  let someone else pay for it . 
  when was this ? 
  the idea of a united ireland was a result of the english ( or at least , the normans , who also ran england at the time ) invading the 12 kingdoms in ireland, 
  the fact that such a border could be drawn kind of justifies drawing that border . 
  plus employees cost more than their basic salary to employ . 
  plus , you know , trident . 
  it 's about stopping the law firms that have been using this system to milk money out of the taxpayer by making up false accusations , paying an iraqi to sign their name to them , and then collecting money for representing that person . 
  if the government wins an echr case , they ca n't reclaim costs from the defendant , and the defendants costs still get paid by the government . 
  the firm whose head seems to have been bribing people to make claims handled over 1000 cases . 
  that 's an industrial scale . 
  basically , a couple of law firms hit upon the ingenious idea of paying iraqis to claim abuse , then collecting money from the government to represent those people . 
  even if the cases have no merit , they still get paid and the government ca n't reclaim its costs through the defence . 
  also , if specific soldiers are named ( it 's as easy as picking a random couple of names off a list of people who were in a regiment in the area at the right time ) it ruins their careers , even if they 're found innocent . 
  what difference will that make ?
