  look at the british enclaves in france and spain . 
  these enclaves , if allowed to form , are near impossible to break up and act to retard the integration of those within them into the native culture and community . 
  they also cause resentment , as they generally do n't occupy previously unoccupied land or jobs , so they end up displacing people , who blame the migrants themselves , rather than the policy makers who are actually responsible for the problems ( people , in general , will act in the perceived best interests of those they feel kinship with , as surely as a weight , when dropped , will fall to the ground . 
  if someone drops a weight on your head , it makes little sense to blame the weight . ), 
  it 's not about where the migrants are from , broadly , though the more similar the culture of the immigrant is to the host culture , the easier integration is , and thus the more likely that integration will deplete the unintegrated population faster than arrivals increase it , reducing the chance of ghetto formation . 
  yeah , i 'm from leicester , which is probably one of the place you 're talking about . 
  surprisingly , these fun experiments in ` diversity ' which have lead to the sort of diversity where you can tell someone 's ethnicity pretty bloody accurately if you know their address ( eg . 
  if you live on geary close , you 're almost certainly white british , if you live on harrison road , you 're almost certainly indian ) have n't actually convinced us that uncontrolled mass migration is a brilliant idea . 
  yes . 
  we do . 
  we feel no particular need to add more countries to our list of shitty ghetto communities, 
  it 's the story of an indecisive couple , bek and beky , who are hit over the head with a mallet . 
  ah , there 's your problem . 
  we had sir terry wogan , who would sit , drink and take the piss all evening . 
  it was brilliant . 
  he introduced the 2007 contest with the following : `` who knows what hellish future lies ahead ? 
  actually , i do , i 've seen the rehearsals . '', 
  when he stood down , his only advice to his replacement was ` do n't start drinking before song 9 ', 
  ` we 're doing the thing that is literally our job ' says swedish intelligence . 
  not on the scale that it 's now seeing use on . 
  as the government has said , this was set up to work as a niche activity , and now that it 's moving into a mainstream one , they 're going to overhaul the process . 
  nah , we like it when our currency does n't impoverish our neighbours . 
  you have to include them in maths questions . 
  ` steve ( who identifies as male , but is biologically female , and that 's fine ) has 4 apples , and eats one . 
  how many apples does steve now have ? ', 
  ca n't have a war if you do n't have anyone of military age to fight it with, 
  it looks sad . 
  i wonder why . 
  do your commentators take the piss out of all the acts and the presenters ? 
  i feel like that 's a pretty key element . 
  without that it 'd just be a bad song contest . 
  so , in theory , did they . 
  english is taught in schools . 
  some people just suck at it . 
  london 's not a great point for comparison , since even the british population there is mostly people who have moved to london , so there 's not much of a ` local ' british community in most of it ( there is in some areas , and surprisingly , those tend to correlate with stronger leave votes ) . 
  a better question is , what happened to slough ? 
  35 % white british , 54 % leave vote . 
  how does that tally with the ` areas with immigrants are pro-remain theory ? 
  true , but reducing immigration has way more support than just the leave voters . 
  i 'll take the collapse into puerile insults as a capitulation . 
  better luck next time . 
  we 're back to ` anything but open borders is racist ' , to which i must respond , where do you live , and why do n't they have totally open borders to the whole world you racist pig ? 
  why the bloody hell would we have open borders with europe of all places as an apology for colonialism ? 
  surely the absolute last group we should be apologizing to are the other countries that a ) we did n't colonize and b ) ran a bunch of smaller but generally far worse empires . 
  the problem you 're having here , ironically enough , is that you 're unable to see past your own prejudice . 
  you 're treating the british , past and present , as a homongenous bloc , as if we 're currently pushing colonialism as a policy . 
  it would be hypocritical for us to advocate migration controls if we were still enforcing our presence on other countries . 
  but we 're not . 
  the british empire has been gone for decades . 
  is it hypocritical for an italian to refuse to enslaved , since their ancestors were prolific slavers ? 
  if i demanded that germans live in prescribed ghettos and wear armbands denoting their heritage , would it be hypocritical for them to protest because their ancestors did the same thing to others ? 
  what 's the time limit before we 're allowed to run our own country in the interests of the people who live here ? 
  can you give us an estimate so that we can be ready to have elections ? 
  what proportion of estonian phrases have an alternate translation of ` where is the nearest liquor store ? ', 
  i think that 's what napoleon said the first time . 
  could n't get good detail maps , but the borough by borough vote results are from [ here ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/politics/london-eu-referendum-results-borough-by-borough-breakdown-of-brexit-poll-a3279731.html ) ( be careful to check the actual results , the map is binary and thus pretty misleading ) and i was just googling the house prices and using the semi detatched figures, 
  what 's with the picture of the halifax gibbet ? 
  did you lot start up your revolution again ? 
  i hope not , successfully beating that lot twice was mildly inconvenient for us . 
  you made us upset the danish . 
  i 'm aware that we have to renegotiate it , but i 'm also aware that it 's shite journalism to report each individual bit of the eu as a separate story . 
  if we change the minimum income tax threshold from # 10k to # 11k , we do n't need 1000 stories saying ` earners of # 10,001 per year could end up paying less tax under new proposals ' , ` earners of # 10,002 per year could end up paying less tax under new proposals ' and so on . 
  my favourite food is from the lands which rightfully belong to the english . 
  if you do , my personal recommendation is moules en croustade ( a big bread roll filled with mussels in a leek , spring onion and cream sauce , served with chips and salad ) with a bosbier ( blueberry beer , it 's awesome ) . 
  i miss living in norwich . 
  i genuinely took a road trip there from leicester over christmas to eat at the monk . 
  it 's important not to try to treat ` london ' as a whole . 
  it 's a pretty big population . 
  if you drill down , mapping by remain vote and house price would produce pretty similar pictures . 
  the peripheral boroughs of bexley and havering , where houses run around the # 300-400k mark , were staunch leave strongholds , with leave winning around 2:1 . 
  sutton and bromley , at around # 500k , were on a knife edge . 
  islington , where you 're looking upwards of # 1.7 million for a semi detatched , was a strong remain vote . 
  i 'd suggest that the areas where the ` native ' londoners have yet to be driven out by house price inflation mostly voted leave , while the areas where they have been replaced with well off professionals who saw more of the benefits of free movement , having the resources to take frequent trips around europe , and less of the disadvantages , being in jobs where their wages were unlikely to come under pressure from cheaper continental labour , voted remain . 
  yeah , seems reasonable . 
  well this one is half the thickness of the original 3310 , so i 've found 100 of the 150 % we need . 
  almost like it was n't designed for use by most eu citizens . 
  wait , and a sensible online process will be set up . 
  the best moules frites in the world come from the belgian monk pub in norwich . 
  the trick to belgian food is to on no account go to belgium . 
  try moules en croustade . 
  you wo n't be hungry again for days . 
  hell , i struggle to remain awake directly afterwards . 
  i recommend the belgian monk pub in norwich . 
  it 's absolutely the best place for belgian food , being , as it is , several hundred miles from belgium . 
  ( also , tartiflette wins . 
  i do n't care who invented it . ), 
  the eu has no reason to agree to allow talks on residency pre a50 , except for the comfort of eu citizens in the uk . 
  it has ( rightly , in my opinion ) judged that leaving them uncertain for a bit longer is worth it to avoid losing the advantage of the extra time pressure . 
  the uk has decided that it is better not to unilaterally guarantee residency , since that means eu states can demand concessions in return for not deporting brits . 
  i am not really sure why that makes the eu perfectly ok but the uk heartless bastards . 
  i 'm speculating , but my guess is this : current uk residents ( as of triggering of a50 ) would get indefinite leave to remain , as if they had immigrated successfully from outside the eu . 
  they can then decide if they want to apply for british citizenship , which they would be able to do subject to the usual requirements based on length of residency . 
  voting rights would be unchanged , as eu migrants are not currently eligible to vote in anything but local and eu elections . 
  the former would still be the case , the latter would no longer be the uk 's concern . 
  texting with a sore throat is tough . 
  i believe the plan is to overhaul the application process and make it available online when we 're clearer on exactly what the process will be . 
  as it stands , the forms are n't terribly straightforward because there was never much call from eu citizens to get leave to remain , since they did n't need it . 
  one example i happen to have run across recently : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/number-of-romanian-and-bulgarian-workers-in-uk-down-since-visa-restrictions-lifted-at-start-of-year-9367046.html, 
  so it 's like reverse welsh ? 
  ( they take english words and replace vowels with consonants .
