  equally , people do n't want free movement with poorer countries . 
  the uk does n't want it with eastern europe , eastern europe evidently does n't want north african immigration . 
  i imagine if reddit had been around longer we could dig up this comment for the erm , the erm ii , the euro ( or erm 3 , this time it 's even more inflexible ) , schengen , common military and pretty much every other centralizing move . 
  tell that to donald ` we can not let them profit from brexit ' tusk . 
  what is it with presidents named donald being petty little bitches ? 
  they could always put in a clause that allows either side to end the fta if they no longer want to be part of it . 
  that way if may goes full tax haven , they can pull the fta . 
  money , free movement or the classic ` charging tariffs on eu goods ' , which is what most countries give up to get a deal, 
  vital question : when will the grand tour ( proper top gear ) guys be doing this race ? 
  yes ( or rather , there is a finite amount of energy in it ), 
  i like that they had to add an even worse shade of red to properly convey the degree of fucked that greece is . 
  when did we suggest we 'd have all the benefits of single market membership ? 
  it 's pretty obvious we wo n't . 
  but nor do canada , mexico or any of the other countries with an fta . 
  the ni/roi section of the deal is certainly going to be the toughest part of the negotiations , but we 've set out what we 'd like from that , which is for the common travel area to continue . 
  it 's now for the negotiations to figure out how we can do that , or how closely we can approximate it if it is n't possible . 
  so , none of the actual demands in particular , just some rhetoric about rhetoric and a suggestion that we should go into the negotiations asking for nothing and apologizing for having shown up . 
  your trade bloc is n't the fucking messiah , it 's a trade bloc . 
  it does trade deals . 
  when it stops doing that , it has fucked up . 
  what are our unreasonable demands ? 
  a trade deal ? 
  cameron had leave supporting ministers cut off from departmental information during the campaign just in case it was useful . 
  having access to the civil service and the information they have would have been a great help in devising a plan . 
  do you know what the first thing that greets a new pm after a general election is ? 
  a civil servant , bearing a list of their major manifesto promises along with feasibility assessments for them . 
  these are prepared for both sides before the election because the point of the civil service is to ensure that the uk is run well , regardless of who is running it . 
  the reason the civil service did n't have such documents ready for a leave vote is that they were expressly forbidden from preparing them by cameron . 
  so the uk leaving the eu is bad for the eu because it 's the americans trying to break it up , but us staying in would be bad because it 's the americans holding the eu back ? 
  that 'd be the un that keeps trying to get us to share power against the wishes of the people who live there right ? 
  no , give us a reasonable deal , as you would any other trade partner . 
  go into the negotiations in good faith , seeking to do what will help the people of the eu , not what will hurt the people of the uk . 
  that 's all i 'm asking . 
  calling for a ceasefire while our territory is in enemy hands is against our interests . 
  if the uk had called for a ceasfire with germany in 1940 , it would n't have been in france 's interests . 
  the assumption that the eu is detrimental to european countries is inherent in the idea of punishing the uk for leaving . 
  if it was n't , then leaving would damage the uk without the eu having to try . 
  if obama wanted to break up the eu , he probably would n't have tried to stop the uk leaving it . 
  i 'm not suggesting they conspired , i 'm suggesting that 2 of them took actions that were directly against the interests of the uk . 
  the delay was unfortunate , but it was a consequence of the irresponsibility of the remain campaign in refusing leave supporters access to the resources and information necessary to produce a detailed exit plan . 
  ( not to mention cameron being grossly negligent in refusing to allow the civil service to put together a plan for 1 of the 2 possible outcomes of the vote , just so that he could use the ` there is no plan ' soundbite ) we 've also had issues of constitutional law to sort out ( including the ongoing court cases over who gets to vote on it ) . 
  it really ca n't be helped that this part of eu law has never been subject to much scrutiny before . 
  sorry , what would you call the argentine military junta if not a dictatorship ? 
  what was the french technical team working on the exocets doing in argentina ? 
  enjoying a lovely holiday that happened to coincide with the war ? 
  what would have been the result of a ceasefire while the islands were in argentine hands ? 
  a full return of the islands to the uk , as their citizens wished ? 
  are you suggesting that the irish did n't petition the un , or that there was n't a french technical team supporting the exocet use ? 
  at best you can suggest they simply did n't care if the people of the falklands ended up living under the dictatorship of the junta . 
  which is n't what i want from people who would have a say in defending the falklands . 
  i see , and you think that such a purpose is best served by keeping european economies locked into a union which damages their economic prospects through fear of being punished if they leave ? 
  ( i 'm assuming that the eu is damaging to its members here because otherwise there 'd be no need to deliberately punish the uk for leaving ), 
  france existed and still does , as does ireland . 
  both acted to ensure that british territory be captured and british people forced to live under the rule of a foreign dictatorship . 
  what the talking shop in brussels happened to be called at the time is n't relevant . 
  the point is that we can not trust countries that were so recently helping the soldiers of a military dictatorship to invade our territory and kill our people with our defence . 
  we won in the falklands because we reacted quickly and unequivocally . 
  if the decision had been farmed out to a european committee , i have no confidence whatsoever that they would have done anything other than capitulate . 
  hollande : ` there must be a threat , there must be a risk , there must be a price ' tusk : ` we can not let them profit from brexit ' sure , nobody at all is out to punish britain . 
  in response to the french president saying ` there must be a threat , there must be a risk , there must be a price ' also , he compared him to the guards in ww2 pow films , not to hitler . 
  the idea of punishing people for trying to get out does seem to make the comparison somewhat apt . 
  if the uk thrives outside the eu , then the eu does n't deserve to keep those members who only stay in for the economic benefits . 
  if the only way the eu can exist is as a ` pay up or we break your fucking legs ' economic protection racket , i do n't understand why anyone would want to be in it . 
  can i ask what you think the point of the eu is ? 
  the eu , it 's so good that if anyone leaves we 've got to break their fucking legs or others might follow them . 
  have you considered scientology ? 
  seems like the sort of organisation you 're looking for . 
  if ni want that , that 's fine . 
  the position is , and has been for a while , that membership of the uk is up to the populations of each country . 
  if a significant independence movement emerges and manages not to start murdering people , they 'll get a referendum . 
  yep . 
  if the eu , wants ireland to enforce the border , it 'll order them to do it . 
  otherwise we 'll probably see one customs checkpoint with 1 member of staff . 
  gee , ca n't think why the uk ( which meets its nato defence spending target ) would have an issue with turning over its military to eu command , when the vast majority of the eu do n't meet the nato target . 
  also , what was the european community 's response last time uk territory was invaded ? 
  france provided a technical support team for the invading military , helping make sure that the french exocet missiles could be used to kill dozens of uk servicemen . 
  ireland tried to get the un to impose a ceasefire that would have left the islands in argentine hands . 
  hardly inspires confidence that an eu military would defend the uk adequately . 
  the tax haven talk is a response to those calling for the eu to attempt to ensure that the uk is damaged as much as possible . 
  we 've had hollande and others essentially suggesting that the eu try to make an example of the uk ( which in practical terms means hurting eu economies and ruining the lives of eu citizens for no better purpose than petty revenge because ` they got hurt more ' ) . 
  essentially , there are 2 paths for the eu , and it wo n't just be about what your relationship with the uk is , it 'll be about what the eu is . 
  it can either be a group arranged for mutual benefit , with members who are in it because they feel that being in is the best thing for them , or it can be a cult , with members in it because they fear the retribution of the ideologues who run it . 
  the former might not be as stable , but scientology has a more stable membership than methodism , and i know which church i 'd rather be a part of . 
  fair enough . 
  yeah , it 's de gaulle i 've got a problem with , not france . 
  rather , he pretended that the french were the main force and that the allies were just lending a hand , while actually the resistance fighters were somewhere between ` not much use ' and ' a liability ' , since they had an awkward habit of trying to murder other resistance fighters who they disagreed with . 
  it depends , in this scenario has france repeatedly fucked over their regional government for attempting to put in pro-german leaders and then had a president they voted for replaced by coup d'etat ? 
  ideally , we 'd have picked a hero who did n't hate us . 
  ever read de gaulle 's speech from the liberation of paris ? 
  the ingratitude borders on delusional . 
  ` paris liberated !, 
  liberated by itself , liberated by its people with the help of the french armies , with the support and the help of all france , of the france that fights , of the only france , of the real france , of the eternal france ! ', 
  at no point does he even mention the over 2 million soldiers from various other nations involved in the liberation . 
  you 'd be forgiven for thinking , judging from the speech , that the french had just up and decided to kick out the nazis all on their own . 
  with less than 43 % turnout . 
  should never have let him walk into paris like he 'd done shit to liberate it . 
  i 'm not sure what they were expecting . 
  the idea of negotiations is that each party comes in with stuff they want , and then they agree some mixture of those . 
  i guess she could have taken some guesses at what the eu position would be , but why would she ? 
  we 'd be in real trouble if 20 % of the banking sector left .
