  slovakia is n't next to italy is it ? 
  we push ours by producing better stuff that more people want to watch , not by legislation . 
  which wo n't count soon . 
  does that include the one investigating him ? 
  so you 're going with the event organisers , a clearly interested party , over the bbc , one of the most reputable news agencies on the planet , who notably could n't care less what the dup think , since the license fee is not a devolved issue . 
  not really . 
  the uk recognises the right of countries to secede if their people want to secede . 
  we checked , and the scottish people do n't . 
  we 'll check again as soon as there 's any evidence that a referendum would n't be a massive waste of money . 
  as soon as polling shows a sustained shift towards yes , rather than sticking at 55-45 no as it has since 2014 ) . 
  spain seems averse to the idea of actually finding out what the catalan people want , presumably because they suspect that it is to secede . 
  well , at a wild guess , i 'd say that : 1 . 
  the nus usi are n't all main home language gaelic . 
  in fact , they 're just the ni branch of the nus , an organisation famous for being massively out of touch with normal students and generally being utterly mental . 
  ( they also support abolishing all prisons , for example ) . 
  there were n't 10,000 marchers . 
  the bbc put it at between 4000 and 5000 , and every other reputable source i can find just says ` thousands ' 3 . 
  the 4130 figure comes from the 2011 census . 
  it 's not really up for debate , it 's a mandatory survey of every household . 
  it has 1:1 sampling . 
  unless you think that there are tens of thousands of gaelic speakers who decided to lie on the census for some reason ? 
  ( it is , by the way , an offence punishable by a fine to do so ), 
  you keep saying ` britons ' and ` scots ' like those are separate groups . 
  they are n't . 
  the scots had a vote in 2014 in which they confirmed that they are and wish to remain part of the uk . 
  may wo n't be discussing the terms of scottish independence , on account of the fact that scottish secessionists are now , as they have always been , a minority . 
  clearly you have a problem with the uk for some reason , since you 're desperately trying to push the idea that various parts of the uk whose populations do not wish to secede are going to do so . 
  might i suggest you occupy your time in making your own country worthy of notice by the rest of the world , rather than conjuring fantasies about the collapse of other states ? 
  wow , that sucks man . 
  i hope you feel better . 
  absurd how dangerous something so simple can be . 
  sure , but i 'm not sure how much help this sort of testing would be for weed . 
  pills and powders are more amenable to atr ir testing or any of the chemical tests , and also more likely to have other random shit in them . 
  good idea , i 'm hoping to get involved with this if we can bring a portable ms setup along at some point . 
  as i understand it they 're using chemical tests and ir at the moment , which are ok but wo n't give as much info . 
  because we have socialised healthcare i guess . 
  we 'd recognise it , just to wind up spain . 
  i 'd note that the queen is technically the head of her own religion , rules a country by divine right and comes from the massively interbred stock of european royalty , so i doubt mike pence will impress her much . 
  yeah , what the graph shows is passenger numbers . 
  specifically , a massive decline in passenger numbers under nationalisation , and a subsequent massive growth under privatisation . 
  in other words , do you have any idea why , given that the fares were ( you claim ) so cheap under the nationalised system , relatively few people wanted to use them ? 
  it 's possible , just not a good idea . 
  pissing off the usa over something so petty is not a good move . 
  sure , but we all have bits of our job we do n't like . 
  she 's a huge asset when dealing with petty people . 
  she 's met worse people . 
  it 's her job . 
  hell , impressing a moron like trump with pomp and circumstance is pretty much the epitome of what the monarchy is good for . 
  meeting the president of france is all well and good , but there 's something special about meeting the queen that really makes some suckers happy . 
  what if you 're not on the database when you get there ? 
  what if the database gets hit with ransomware on election day ? 
  pencil and paper tend to be harder to fuck with than electronic systems , mainly because we 've had centuries to work out every cheat in the book . 
  is that still considered to be the uk ? 
  i mean , if i went to the usa i 'd want to eat a massive hamburger and fire a gun , so i can totally understand wanting to ride in a golden carriage and meet the queen if you 're coming here . 
  as stupid as the name is , it 's worrying that this has n't been a bigger story if there 's a genuine public health risk . 
  are transplant patients already warned off of pork ? 
  ` scared ' is one term . 
  i was banned with no explanation . 
  mods just refused to respond to enquiries . 
  oh , right . 
  he 's coming to the uk in october from what i heard last . 
  [ care to explain this chart ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e8/gbr_rail_passenegers_by_year.gif/351px-gbr_rail_passenegers_by_year.gif ) ? 
  corbyn supports remaining in the single market , officially . 
  though he also officially wants to end fom , so what his position is in reality is unclear ( basically , labour 's policy on cake is to both have and eat it ), 
  it 's just mbg . 
  i mean , he could chuck in wittenberg if he wanted to do protestantism , it 's as close as you 'll get to a ` centre ' . 
  it 's worth noting that the british in power are also northern irish . 
  this is a protest against the policies of the dup , the biggest party in the northern ireland assembly . 
  the reason more people are n't marching , as with all anti-government protests of this sort , is that most people do n't care enough about the issue to do so . 
  the ` rights ' they are demanding are to have dual language signage , courts and education , presumably to cater to the 4130 ni residents who use gaelic as their main home language . 
  ironically , the council of europe called for the uk parliament to override the ni assembly in order to force a language bill through , something it has declined to do . 
  trump clearly doing a tour of major religious centres , since he 's going to the heartlands of islam , judaism , catholicism and eurofederalism . 
  i 'd give her fair odds of winning hove , the labour majority there is less than 3 % and the ukip vote will break to her . 
  if she loses , it 'll be solely down to her stupid views , rather than because it 's a difficult seat . 
  so it logically follows that the person i was replying to was wrong . 
  void without a trade deal would be a big step forward ( and a huge concession that the eu is yet to make ) . 
  even then , it 'd be an adverse step in terms of negotiation , since it would damage the eu 's ability to tailor its demands to what member states will agree to offer . 
  if it does it your way , then either the member states agree to something the uk considers to be worth # 100bn or there 's no deal , whereas if they simply do all the negotiations together , the eu can tailor its monetary demands to what it is prepared to offer . 
  negotiating the money separately just makes no deal more likely . 
  that 's a bridge we may never reach . 
  until the eu accepts that any payment must be made as part of a trade deal rather than before negotiations on trade start , there can be no meaningful negotiations on the bill or trade . 
  the eu 's position at the moment is essentially that of someone demanding a huge amount of money for entry to a shop , with no guarantee that they actually have any stock , let alone any stock the uk would want to purchase . 
  that last part would be true , if the eu was negotiating for the # 100bn as part of a trade deal . 
  as it stands , the eu position has been that an agreement on paying that money must be reached before trade negotiations start , which essentially means that the eu is pushing for a no deal brexit but does n't want to say so , since even a particularly thick child would n't agree to pay a huge amount upfront with no guarantee of any sort of trade deal to follow . 
  depends on the deal . 
  if the eu wants # 100bn , it needs to offer a deal worth # 100bn . 
  which is what the demand is , a negotiating position . 
  the problem at the moment is that the eu seems to be content with no deal , since they 're pushing for this monetary demand to be paid upfront with no guarantee of any deal , which is so obviously unacceptable to any sane human being that i can only assume they have no intention of negotiating seriously . 
  why would there be ? 
  she 's prime minister of the uk , which scotland is a part of . 
  it 'd make little sense to give one bit of the uk an extra representative , unless they 're suggesting we send a negotiator for ni , wales , and one each for every english region . 
  i imagine the meetings would get a bit crowded . 
  if sturgeon wants the snp to have a seat at that table , she needs to win the most seats in the uk , not just a region of it . 
  depends what the other options are . 
  at the moment , the eu 's offer is ' # 100bn and then maybe we 'll think about a trade deal ' . 
  which no sane person would accept . 
  i 'd rather take the wto route than rely on the eu to negotiate in good faith after they 've been paid . 
  so no solid ideas then . 
  ( hint : when operating a protection racket , it 's best to know what you 'll actually do if someone does n't pay up . 
  otherwise the threats do n't seem convincing , which makes it harder to extort money out of people ),
