  well , since you ca n't say germany above everything ( or at least you 're not allowed to sing it anymore ) i do n't see why not . 
  that and the 60bn includes loads of contingent liabilities that we 'd only ever pay if the event triggering them actually happened ( eg . 
  ireland needing a bailout ), 
  they were the ones telling members not to negotiate before a50, 
  read the details of the 60bn . 
  it includes a bailout of ireland . 
  gdp per capita . 
  yeah , fuck off with this . 
  it does n't need to be in the brexit deal , since it 's an entirely eu decision ( the uk ca n't stop ni joining the eu if it leaves the uk ) . 
  this is just shit-stirring in an area where this sort of point-scoring can end up with people getting killed . 
  we 'll pay the ral , as and when we would have paid it while we were in . 
  likewise the contingent liabilites . 
  as for citizens rights , we 're not the ones holding that deal up . 
  we 've already said we 're prepared to do a straightforward ` everyone stays put ' deal , but the commission are n't prepared to do that deal before a50 . 
  the 60bn figure is a fantasy though . 
  no way in hell we pay that much . 
  how many millions would have died or never lived without the advances the empire made though ? 
  almost every historical event was . 
  it turns out applying modern standards to the past is pretty pointless , since it turns out that basically nobody ever met them . 
  i think one has to be staggeringly biased to describe the good things provided by the empire as ` few ' . 
  even if we ignore the vast swathes of scientific and technological advance achieved within the empire , there are the immense infrastructural advances , the introduction of modern legal systems to countries where the rule of law was previously a matter of patronage where it existed at all , the eventual introduction of democracy , the introduction of educational systems , the abolition of slavery and the provision of medicine based on science rather than superstition . 
  hell , if you want to see the advantages of the empire , compare hong kong to mainland china . 
  i know which bit i 'd want to live in . 
  who is proposing the former ? 
  i 've never heard anyone seriously suggest that the empire , by dint of being in the past , is somehow immune from criticism . 
  i 'm aware of those . 
  once again , more good than harm overall , not no harm at all . 
  assuming ignorance on the part of those who hold opinions you disagree with is n't a good idea . 
  many very stupid people are convinced that they are the only intelligent person in the room . 
  i 'd say the package did more good than harm overall . 
  [ congratulations , you have won a free argentinian warship , report to the bottom of the pacific to collect your prize ] ( http://belgranoinquiry.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/belgrano-sunk-copy2.jpg ), 
  hereditary peers are n't guaranteed a seat in the lords now . 
  the hol now elects 92 of the 750 or so eligible hereditary peers to sit in the chamber , replacing them on their death with a suitable person from the remaining hereditary peers . 
  it 's still silly , but most lords are either experts or political appointments these days . 
  ireland ca n't even spell whisky , let alone make it . 
  the 100 years war was a mess , and agincourt makes for a cool story . 
  i think it 's less stuff about romania the country he 's objecting to , and more to stories about the high rates of crime and begging among romanian immigrants to the uk which tend to run in the express and the mail . 
  also , if le pen somehow gets in , it 'll suddenly be weirdly prophetic . 
  and the sugar islands . 
  if you 're only going to be proud of things that did no harm at all , it 's going to be a real short list . 
  the empire did a lot of good , and fucked up a lot . 
  i can be proud of the uk 's role in destroying the global slave trade even if though i know it benefited from that slave trade beforehand . 
  paaaaahnd for a pahnd !, 
  well , in my field , bar , torr and psi are all used ( depends on the instrument manufacturer . 
  infuriatingly , some instruments use a couple of different units ) . 
  nothing uses pascals . 
  about 1/22 the length of a cricket pitch ( not the field , the pitch ) . 
  nah , we picked iraq . 
  ( blair was keen on an iraq intervention from way back before 9/11 ), 
  hi small britain !, 
  we do n't hate europeans , just the governmental institution they have set up . 
  happens to us about once a century . 
  this time we 've solved it peacefully . 
  british leyland . 
  i think we are . 
  everybody learns english . 
  we 'd ship him onwards to the next target . 
  he 's the vanguard . 
  the idea is that when the invasion comes , you 're ready for british people to be like him , so when we turn up you 're mildly relieved rather than angry . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sii-jhed-a0 ), 
  a m\u00f8\u00f8se once bit my sister ... no realli !, 
  she was karving her initials on the m\u00f8\u00f8se with the sharpened end of an interspace t\u00f8\u00f8thbrush given her by svenge - her brother-in-law - an oslo dentist and star of many norwegian m\u00f8vies : `` the h\u00f8t hands of an oslo dentist '' , `` fillings of passion '' , `` the huge m\u00f8lars of horst nordfink '' also , go rewatch monty python 's holy grail . 
  then it does n't matter as much to us . 
  a fair few of those above us have dirtier power . 
  no point using wind farms and brown coal . 
  ideally , most things would be switzerland . 
  welcome to the uk role . 
  now it 's denmark 's turn to be told how lucky it is to have the concessions of not being forced to join in shit you knew was a terrible idea . 
  you are forgetting that this is in the context of a pizza topping . 
  context . 
  make america great britain again . 
  pack it up lads , the language is fucked . 
  all the wind farms are actually propellers . 
  we 're going airborne baby . 
  yeah , blair speaking up before the vote could have changed the whole result . 
  leave would have won by miles, 
  wi n\u00f8t trei a h\u00f8liday in sweden this y\u00ebr ? 
  see the l\u00f8veli lakes the w\u00f8nd\u00ebrful teleph\u00f8ne system and m\u00e4ni interesting furry animals, 
  the eu could n't sell fiscal union , so they went ahead with monetary union knowing that this would happen eventually . 
  the idea is to get you to a point where refusing integration is more damaging than handing over power . 
  a whole 4 months without liquidity issues . 
  fucking luxury . 
  not for me thanks . 
  way too soon . 
  if the eu is to collapse , we need a while to get our other trade deals sorted . 
  we 're too tangled up economically at the moment for an eu collapse to mean anything but disaster for us . 
  she 's doing the politically sensible thing here . 
  saying the police are acting on orders from her opponents , and are just doing as they are told . 
  no need to have a go at the police , just imply they are being manipulated . 
  it 's a great defence because there 's no way to disprove it that does n't just look like the establishment manufacturing evidence . 
  was in the falklands . 
  people still moan about us sinking an enemy warship . 
  yeah . 
  i think the ral will be paid , but not necessarily as a lump sum . 
  we 'll pay as and when the projects happen , and only if they are what we committed to . 
  the closest i 've seen is : a ) defend gibraltar if attacked . 
  or b ) use our intelligence services and 5 eyes access as bargaining chips . 
  we want a couple of the galileo satellites . 
  we 're going to change the clocks on them very slightly just to fuck with people . 
  it 's not money already spent , it 's money already notionally committed to projects .
