  she actually ca n't . 
  there 's an ongoing supreme court case . 
  she ca n't unilaterally announce that , it 'd be a desertion if her duty to the british expats . 
  a mutual deal is the only acceptable way forward , but the eu leaders evidently care more about their posturing than their people , and are content to prolong the uncertainty . 
  assuming that eligibility for swedish citizenship is distributed randomly across the uk population and has no bearing on their opinion of the eu , which seems unlikely . 
  maybe the 1100 people this is about voted remain . 
  does he answer ? 
  because then it 's mental illness . 
  there 's not really a single gene for those things , as there is with huntingdons or cystic fibrosis . 
  basically ivf , but for parents with inheritable genetic diseases . 
  they edit the genes which are known to cause the diseases , replacing them with healthy genes from a third person . 
  yeah , you never know when conditions are going to change to make cystic fibrosis a vital survival trait . 
  they were predicting the effect on 2016 gdp , and we knew then what was happening in 2016 , that being nothing . 
  the bcc was forecasting a 0.4 % drop in 2016 gdp in their october release . 
  that was well after the initial uncertainty . 
  also the pound devaluing was about the only prediction about a leave vote that was even partially accurate . 
  propoganda is any pr paid for out of the public purse . 
  the predictions were made in october . 
  they were expecting a 0.4 % drop in gdp from the vote . 
  it did n't happen . 
  they were wrong . 
  nevertheless , the bcc , one of the acronym organisations that gove was talking about , just revised its 2016 growth forecast back to basically where it started , having dropped it by 0.4 % in october because of brexit effects that never materialized . 
  immediate recession as predicted before the vote , significant gdp reductions in q3 and q4 2016 as predicted well after the vote . 
  plus pretty well every year 's gdp prediction , until they revise it to fit what ended up happening . 
  plus a lot of the imf criticism of osbourne 's policy . 
  i doubt it . 
  you might want to have another quick glance over the title , you 've fallen for the clickbaiters ' trick . 
  as far as i know banks is just a bloke that farage has worked with , and that 's the limit of farage 's relevance to the story ( basically , the independent figured that if they put farage in the headline , a bunch of gullible pro-eu people would click on it to enjoy their daily two minutes hate and generate some ad revenue at the same time . 
  and it worked ), 
  well farage was n't actually doing anything , so it 's hard for him to stop doing anything ( apart from being linked to arron banks , but if he publicly denounced banks , all that would happen is that the indy would add ` ex - ' to the start of the headline ), 
  we 've had enough of experts telling us what to do and getting it consistently wrong , to use a bit more of the gove quote you 're butchering ( to be fair , you might have struggled to hear the second half over the massively biased journalist literally shouting over him ), 
  * yet we at nybooks.com have taken up that challenge , and are doing pretty well *, 
  i 'm doing fine on # 14k stipend . 
  not exactly rich , but comfortable . 
  it beats my undergrad , because now i do n't have to ask my parents for help with the rent if i want to eat food at all . 
  i do n't think he has ambassadorial ambitions . 
  he 's certainly never been linked to any ambassadorial posts or suggested for any . 
  i do n't know if arron banks is that popular down south . 
  every time you fail to read the title of an independent clickbait article well enough to spot the word ` ally ' , you embarrass yourself . 
  read the article . 
  or at least read all the words in the title . 
  also , it 's yourself or your self ( the former is more common ) . 
  you 're is only usable when you could substitute ` you are ' and the sentence would still make sense . 
  i guess you would n't have an nhs number unless you were covered though . 
  i think for emergency treatment they treat first then sort out the money side later . 
  well , in that case , it looks like the eu weighed the benefits of keeping one of the biggest economies in the world in the union , dug deep and came up with indexation of child benefit as the best concession it could make . 
  i feel like that goes some way to explaining the referendum result . 
  he looks at his office stationery . 
  if it says nhs , it 's the nhs and he treats you . 
  if it does n't , he 's one of the very few private sector doctors and he checks you 're with whoever he 's with . 
  it 's a card unto itself in the uk , but we do n't have health insurance cards . 
  which , of course , helps the fringes grow even more . 
  damn . 
  if it could be used in place of an ehic , i 'd say that 'd be a really useful app . 
  if it 's just info , it 's essentially a way less convenient web page that we 've all paid to have made . 
  hardly sounds like an unreasonable set of qualifications for a prime minister . 
  neither a convict nor under investigation for corruption is pretty basic stuff . 
  a bit worrying that he needs to make this an explicit policy really . 
  well , less that bit , more the attempt to sell it as a concession the eu was making to the uk . 
  as we correctly suspected at the time , the eu was doing exactly what it pleased and leaving cameron with the task of selling it to the public as a negotiation . 
  so you 're doing it anyway ? 
  gee , i wonder why people felt those negotiations were a scam . 
  any idea why brexit delayed this ? 
  seems like the sort of thing that would n't have been looked at too unfavorably . 
  i can understand pushing back regulations on kettle power , but not so much restrictions on benefit tourism . 
  the margain of error on both sets is + / - 77,000 ( 95 % confidence ) . 
  essentially , no real change in either number . 
  ah , a fall of 6,000 , on figures with a 95 % confidence interval of + / - 77,000 in other words , the accurate title is ` uk employment changes by between +71,000 and -83,000 ( 95 % conf . ) ', 
  or ` no significant change in uk employment numbers ', 
  look canaries , we gave you a decade of announcements , work it out for yourselves . 
  you realise that you are doing that too ( you 'd rather believe that the 52 % voted to blame the eu as an easy target than admit that the eu is fundamentally broken and its failures drove the leave vote ), 
  jesus , the fake tan in that video at the bottom is off the charts . 
  it looks like she 's been misusing public funds on the surface of the sun . 
  when you say ` strike it down ' , what do you mean ? 
  prevent it from happening in the first place or rule the result unconsitiutional ? 
  none of the bots or crown dependencies on the list are in the uk or eu . 
  so it 's the second . 
  bermuda and bvi are technically british overseas territories , which are neither in the uk nor in the eu . 
  jersey is a crown dependency , which is also not in the eu , but has free movement of goods with it . 
  still , it was a good effort at blaming the british, 
  oxfam , as a charity , tends to care more about developing countries getting robbed blind than rich countries having to borrow a bit more . 
  i do enjoy the classic move of taking the most restrictive case modeled and treating it like it 's a realistic proposal rather than an outlier case . 
  quick lads , let 's see if we ca n't get / r/australia to have a pop at them . 
  i do n't think there 's any frenchmen on the top team , so i doubt accepting a surrender is going to work . 
  we 'll just have to wait for italy to swap sides halfway through . 
  i was going off of the linked chart . 
  i wonder why that happened . 
  could n't be anything to do with the euro artificially dropping their bond yields , encouraging reckless borrowing . 
  i guess spain also cooked their books ? 
  turns out locking disparate economies into a single monetary regime is a terrible idea which leads to prolonged depressions . 
  who knew ? 
  well , apart from all the members of the erm , because they clearly knew , since they 'd tried it . 
  shame none of them warned greece . 
  yeah , should be fine as long as nobody does anything that might lead to a massive influx of refugees . 
  pissing off erdogan , for example . 
  as low as 23 % . 
  basically job done . 
  if you want to help syrians , fund camps in syria , lebanon and turkey . 
  that 's what we did , and the funds are helping with dozens of times the number of people they would over here . 
  my point is more that there 's very little point paying for extra food for kids at all , which is what the milk program thatcher ended in the 70s did .
