  what an asinine point . 
  that 's like saying that scottish independence is the most likely option if they vote to leave the uk . 
  it 's the result of multiple cultures living separately in an area with no real integration , yeah . 
  i seriously doubt that if these people had all gone to mixed schools , rather than catholic and protestant schools being separated , there 'd be anything like as much violence ( ` those catholics are all evil ' is a way easier thing to justify to yourself than ` those catholics are evil , apart from jimmy in my maths class , he 's sound , and steve of course , great lad . 
  the rest of them , though . ' ), 
  this is n't about payments into the eu budget . 
  this is just a matter of paying for the services used . 
  the nhs provides care that costs x amount to an eu citizen with an ehic card , so it bills the appropriate country amount x. 
  the problem seems to be , in part , that what costs the nhs # 1000 to do officially costs # 100,000 in poland ( presumably because the hospitals are padding their bills , knowing that the uk has to pay whatever they ask ), 
  [ article on the cost ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/society/2015/apr/07/treating-uk-tourists-in-europe-costs-five-times-more-than-equivalent-cost-to-nhs ) apparently there 's a few reasons , including the nhs paying for uk resident polish citizens to get care in poland , and the practice of price inflation in insurance based healthcare systems . 
  to be clear , the uk gets back less than it pays almost everywhere , poland is just a nice example since it is so clearly skewed . 
  no specific health insurance , but yeah , they pay the regular taxes , as do the brits in poland . 
  the question is why the average british person in poland allegedly has healthcare costs over 100x greater than the average polish person in the uk, 
  i do n't think you understand how payments for healthcare work . 
  you 're not paying for ` draining their country of its manpower ' ( here meaning tolerating a shitload more immigration than the vast majority wanted ) , you 're paying for healthcare . 
  poland 's compensation for the manpower loss is all the money those workers send back to poland and the billions we send in development funds . 
  i think that would be more that they are treated by the eu as regular non-eu migrants . 
  which seems reasonable if they want eu migrants here to get treated the same as everyone else . 
  i imagine that what they want is for a system much like the current one , but in which the uk does n't get taken for a ride over payments . 
  ( currently we pay poland 4x more than poland pays us , despite there being 30,000 uk citizens in poland and over 800,000 polish citizens in the uk ), 
  so not only did he facilitate the murders , he allowed innocent people to go to prison for them . 
  he knew who planted the bombs after all . 
  ` no islam no problems ' well , as soon as we catch the northern irish muslims who set off a bomb on tuesday night , we 'll look into this . 
  it really depends . 
  if we end up in a situation where work that was done in the uk has to be done in the eu , staff will move . 
  if we end up with a situation where the work stays put but there needs to be an office in the eu for regulatory purposes , then they will simply add staff . 
  yes . 
  that is the correct use of the phrase . 
  awesome . 
  i 'm guessing these will head to estonia for the nato efp , since france is bringing some of theirs along . 
  might as well get training sorted out while you do a job for nato, 
  letters have more gravitas . 
  if we were just doing it any old how i suggest snapchat . 
  reporting your own lie as fact because it suits your agenda and reporting someone else 's lie as fact without checking it because it suits your agenda are very similar practices . 
  still pretty worrying that procedural things are being forgotten with reference to a nuclear plant . 
  it 's an area where following procedures to the letter is probably worth doing . 
  i think you must be confused . 
  god hates the french . 
  that 's basically the meaning of ` french ', 
  nah , we installed one of those machines you get in seaside arcades where you put in pennies to try to push other pennies off of a shelf just outside the eu parliament . 
  that 's what the rebate is . 
  given that any demands by other countries to stop the construction would be about as successful as norway 's attempts to get sellafield closed , i suggest we consult them while continuing to build it . 
  if they want access for monitoring , as the irish have at sellafield , that can be sorted out between now and 2025 when the plant is due to be operational . 
  ireland are the only ones likely to object , unless the french go absolutely insane , since they own the place through edf , and blocking something you 're heavily invested in seems a weird move . 
  to be fair , about # 100m of the # 350m a week we send to brussels is postage charges . 
  if we did n't insist on paying in pennies we 'd probably save some money . 
  good idea . 
  that way she can use a 2nd class stamp and it 'll still get there by friday . 
  well , they among others do publish stuff that fits their narrative with zero fact checking or research ( see the ' 50,000 tweets celebrating jo cox 's death ' story , which turned out to be completely wrong , and was only retracted after the folks at [ evolution ai did a comprehensive taking apart of the claims made ] ( https://evolution.ai/jo-cox-twitter ) ), 
  murdoch tends to keep the times on a pretty long leash , they backed remain at the referendum , for example , an editorial decision not murdoch 's choice ( his other papers were pro-leave ) , and the guardian 's very close links with hsbc have compromised their journalism before , so i 'd be cautious about assuming them to be free of ownership problems . 
  i 'd argue that the times does a better job ( in that it is less openly biased ) , but obviously that 's paywalled , so you rarely see it online . 
  nah , they 've got until 2024 to get the spending up to 2 % of gdp . 
  for reference , this is n't hypocritical because the company that owns the guardian no longer has a billion quid , since they keep posting massive losses . 
  they also mantain a strong tradition of editorial independence , with the editors having free reign on what to publish provided they meet the quota of at least 1 use of the word brexit on every page . 
  their ` post-brexit sports ' pages are particularly good . 
  gee , if only there were some way to accurately determine who holds which position . 
  ok , i 've had a think , and i reckon i 've got it . 
  we have these bits of paper , right , and each person who is over 18 and has lived in catalonia for 5 years at the time of the vote gets one , and on each bit of paper it has a box to put a cross in if you want to stay part of spain , and another box for if you do n't . 
  whichever one ends up with the most crosses happens . 
  and then if the catalans do n't like the result , they can demand you do it all again in 4 years time . 
  yeah , the uk government never actually did that though . 
  ( not really the eu 's fault there , but nevertheless , actually enforcing the rules would help . ), 
  efta members can negotiate ftas , so i guess something like that . 
  warning , use of a50 feature may significantly reduce the lifetime of the scots . 
  calm down mate . 
  it 's not like i think either deal is actually one we 'd realistically get . 
  i was demonstrating the problem with the idea of a perfect deal . 
  what ? 
  a perfect deal for one party is always to get as much as possible with zero concessions . 
  obviously , such deals are absurd , but he said perfect deal . 
  harder to find data on that , it entirely depends on if , for example , the uk were to maintain current scottish regiments or hand them over to the new scotland and what share of costs like running hmrc would be reduced by reducing the population 10 % ( obviously not a 10 % share , but there would be some saving ) . 
  to produce sane upper and lower limits , one could try assuming only clealy regional spending would go ( i.e. 
  no saving on centralised spending ) and then assuming a population share would go ( i.e. 
  all scottish centralised spending disappears ) . 
  but i need to go get a haircut , so i wo n't be doing that . 
  now with real brexiting action !, 
  pull the cord to trigger article 50 !, 
  ( not for children under 35 , scotland and ni not sold separately ), 
  i 'm not lying , you 're struggling with reading comprehension again . 
  the article says the poster was reported as a hate crime . 
  that means it will have shown up in the hate crime stats . 
  did i at any point say that it was post referendum ? 
  [ true vision reporting form , which does n't require personal info ( there 's space for it , but you can leave it blank and there 's a specific option to remain anonymous ) ] ( https://secure.met.police.uk/hatecrime_national/index.php?rid=2921 ) [ spectator article evidencing that true vision is the source of a large portion of these reports ] ( https://www.spectator.co.uk/2016/08/the-real-hate-crime-scandal/ ) you 're prepared to assume 17 million people are violent bigots who were just waiting for a vote to leave the eu so they could head out and have a go at homosexuals for some reason rather than believe that increased awareness of how to report something leads to an increased frequency of reports . 
  perhaps , and try not to have a breakdown following this : if your prejudices are leading you to make assumptions about millions of people , you 're the bigoted one in that scenario . 
  at the moment , it is both running a deficit in general , and running a larger deficit as % of gdp than the ruk . 
  so yes , it is both a general net drain and a relative net drain at the moment . 
  this has n't always been the case if you include the notional geographic share of north sea oil revenues , which have all but disappeared recently . 
  we voted for a party that promised a referendum , and if you add in the party demanding to leave the eu , the ` leave with a referendum ' bloc got over 50 % at the last ge, 
  when 's the trial set for ? 
  super-ultra-hard , diamond coated nuclear powered turbo brexit !, 
  i 'd allow it , but a perfect trade deal from a uk point of view would be one where the uk set all the rules unilaterally and got a bunch of free money from the eu , so it 's a pretty irrelevant point . 
  i 'd say # 30bn a year and the power to run the rest of the eu as we like is pretty much worth fom , but i doubt they 'd agree to it . 
  a more realistic , good trade deal ( say , free movement of goods and services , a population based share of influence on regulations and net monetary contributions to projects not exceeding say , # 500m per year would be worth fom if we rigidly enforced the deportation rules for people out of work for extended periods and were able to negotiate our own external deals ), 
  yeah , i just wondered why you linked it again . 
  the articles , of which there were many , were about the increased incidence of reports of hate crimes ( i said reporting to differentiate reports of hate crimes from actual hate crimes , because the former statistic includes a wide variety of things which are n't actually crimes at all , including [ basically any public appearance by farage ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/nigel-farage-leaveeu-campaign-inciting-racial-and-religious-hatred-40000-lodge-complaint-a7147141.html ) . 
  convictions for hate crimes are an entirely different matter . ), 
  the point is that those stories resulted in a lot of publicity for true vision , the website which a large portion of hate crime reports come from , which allows anonymous online reporting with zero evidence or accountability for those making the report . 
  this lead to a much greater reporting rate . 
  honestly , what makes more sense : there was a lot of publicity surrounding hate crimes and their reporting , so more people reported hate crimes or leaving the eu caused people to express hatred for homosexuals as much as you 'd surely love to blame brexit for everything , i think you may be showing your own bigotry here . 
  literally what i linked .
