  what about bouncing bombs ? 
  i see . 
  you 're wrong , the uk has some really great food , and we invented a lot of stuff that you probably do n't even realise is british . 
  crisps , for example , or the sandwich . 
  the point that they are worn exclusively by muslim women , and that those women are never without them , suggests that they 're not as optional are being made out to be . 
  the analogy only really holds if the women wear the hijab a few times a week , but often go out without it and do n't feel required to wear it at all . 
  last week , my meals went : british ( roast chicken and stuffing ) , american/italian ( pizza , but not the nice italian sort , the greasy takeaway sort ) , indian ( beef madras ) , hard to define ( steak and fries , very rare , i could say french but it 's a tough one to call ) , mexican ( enchiladas ) , british ( chicken and potatoes in a giant yorkshire pudding ) . 
  i wonder how many hijab wearers only wear one a couple of days a week ? 
  surely if it 's a free choice that women are making , then women from any culture and religion would make it at roughly equal rates . 
  if instead it 's something that 's being enforced on them as a lesser of two evils by their religion , then we 'd see roughly what we actually see . 
  yeah , london is n't a place to do anything but make money really . 
  weird that the overwhelming majority of such women are muslim . 
  to be clear , that 's the revenues the government took , not the company revenues . 
  [ oil revenues were # 60m last year ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/08/24/scotlands-north-sea-oil-revenues-plunge-96pc-in-a-year/ ) [ meanwhile , the uk government had to spend # 125m subsidising the industry , in addition to the # 375m the spent through the scottish government , and that was deemed not be enough ] ( http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/business-consumer/uk-governments-125m-aid-package-7266988 ), 
  yeah , but that white paper has some pretty glaring problems ( notably in the ` how we pay for any of this ' section ), 
  so huge tax rises it is . 
  sorry , it 's hard to convey [ ` bad scottish accented yelling from a deranged anti-semite ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llceupig8re ) through text, 
  yep . 
  loads worse . 
  at the moment the rest of the uk is absorbing the shock and keeping them funded . 
  depends on the terms . 
  what does scotland have to offer ? 
  freedom !, 
  yeah , but by the time scotland is in a position to try attracting those businesses , they 're already either staying put or in ireland . 
  who would , when moving their business , pick a country that has an uncertain status , an unstable currency and a government which needs to pick between massive tax hikes or massive cuts to keep afloat , when ireland has none of these problems ? 
  yeah , but the difference is that we deep fry stuff to make it junk food ( eg . 
  fish or potatoes ) . 
  the scottish take existing junk food ( pizza or mars bars ) and deep fry that . 
  you used to choose goverments . 
  hell , i personally am out over # 14k because of scottish mps in government . 
  then you elected the snp , and thus imposed irrelevance on yourselves . 
  all we need is another hundred million people to do the same , and scotland 's deficit will be only slightly more than the uk average . 
  the key difference is that in brexit it was ` if you leave , your economy will go to shit ' whereas here it 's ` your economy has already gone to shit , if you leave then we 'll stop subsidising it ' . 
  do you think leave would have won if the uk was a big net recipient from the eu ? 
  oil crash has hit their economy very hard . 
  we could n't make one if you joined the eu . 
  it 'd be a question of what deal the eu and uk made . 
  it 's a catch 22 . 
  if you leave the uk because you do n't think it can get a good eu deal , you 're going to have to put way more trade through that deal than if you stayed , wheras if you think the uk can get a good eu deal , why leave ? 
  ` the oil revenues will recover over time ' is the sort of talk that makes your ability to meet financial commitments ` dependent on favourable business , financial and economic conditions ', 
  sorry , perhaps if you just read the last paragraph on its own , you might spot that i 'd already addressed the point you made . 
  sound out the words if you get stuck . 
  that was when they had oil revenues . 
  how do you plan on dealing with the debt from that ? 
  it 's going to be at some fun rates of interest . 
  what rating do you reckon scotland 's debt would get ? 
  ccc ? 
  low end of a b ? 
  i think ` an obligor is currently vulnerable , and is dependent upon favourable business , financial , and economic conditions to meet its financial commitments . ', 
  would accurately describe it , which would be a ccc . 
  so you 're looking about the 7 % mark on interest . 
  could n't make it through the whole comment ? 
  it 's an argument against making it worse . 
  unless you think that independence is going to cause billions of quid to manifest to replace the money that westminster is currently sending over ? 
  you 're essentially saying : this is shit , we 're having to claim benefits to survive . 
  we should just stop claiming them . 
  you 're forgetting that at the last vote , scotland was basing its projected spending on oil at $ 130 a barrel , whereas now it 's basing it on ` it 'll all work out fine , probably , somehow , honest ! ', 
  even with oil revenues , to get back to the same level of deficit the uk in general is running they 'd need to make over # 6bn of cuts without reducing gdp . 
  that 's nearly a 10 % cut in spending across the board , just to pull back to parity with the rest of the uk . 
  if i was a public sector worker who voted yes last time , i would n't be keen on the prospect of , at best , extended wage freezes and hiring freezes and at worst losing my job . 
  nah , it 's gon na be lies and propaganda . 
  what do you want the snp to say ? 
  ` sure we do more trade with the uk than the eu , and sure we 're running a massive deficit , and yes we 'd be faced with either using the pound without any control of it or trying to float a new currency , because there 's no fucking way the eu will let a country with a 9.5 % of gdp deficit join the euro , even if they 're feeling anti-uk enough to let scotland into the eu quickly , but we should be independent anyway because the tories . ', 
  they 'll do what they did last time , make bullshit predictions and treat them as fact , then the uk gov will respond by pretending it 's going to be way harsher than it would ever be and offering deals it wo n't honour . 
  the scotsman has a developed a unique defence mechanism . 
  by consuming deep fried junk food , he builds up a stab-proof layer of blubber . 
  as most stabbers carry only a short blade , they ca n't cut through this layer to reach vital organs . 
  it means there 'd be another exciting opportunity for an eu member to be told to fuck off when demanding that the uk hand over territory against the wishes of the inhabitants . 
  argentina and spain could make a clubhouse . 
  yeah , the uk 's one is the source of the other harp ( it 's smaller because it 's a quarter of the uk crest ), 
  nobody likes a try-hard belgium . 
  there 's such a thing as too gaudy you know . 
  also , it 's all runied by whatever you did to those lions . 
  poor bastards are having ptsd flashbacks . 
  notes for countries : ireland : there are no points for simplicity . 
  make an effort . 
  put some jewlery or a hat on it or something italy : you were supposed to be making a coat of arms , not a lager brand . 
  france : maybe drop the fasces from the symbol . 
  tends to be associated with facism these days . 
  cyprus : again , think ` country ' , not ` pub football team ' netherlands : that 's fucking brilliant . 
  you got the lion stuff , put a crown on it , and then thought ` how do we go bigger ' and came up with an ermine tent , and then put a crown on the tent . 
  a + , great job . 
  sweden : ok , fair enough , but the dutch tent looks way more waterproof and has a cool dome . 
  luxembourg : nice try getting in on the whole tents thing , but it 's kind of ruined by the way your gold lions are ignoring that red lion who clearly just wants to be friends . 
  why glorify lion racism ? 
  not cool luxembourg . 
  yeah , republic and northern . 
  even if i accept that ( and i want to be clear that i 'm doing so solely because you 're using a weird anecdotal proto-argument from authority , your authority being that you 're irish and i 'm not , and i do n't think that there 's anything to be gained from challenging that , since you 're making a claim based on annecdotal evidence which to refute i have to prove a negative using only evidence from a specific nationality , which is a debating challenge on par with trying to convince a religious person to become an atheist while speaking only in iambic pentameter with words that have an even score in scrabble ) even if i accept that , why would the existence of ' a few ' ignorant people make any difference ? 
  do you dismiss all us science because a few of them are flat-earthers ? 
  also , what is it about irish-born people that attracts such nutters , since i , someone who has lived in various parts of the uk , has irish family , and pretty regularly engages in political debate , have n't come across one ever ? 
  i 've met some real idiots . 
  i 've been asked , in all seriousness , by an adult who nobody had deemed to require institutional care , what continent the uk was going to be in if we voted to leave europe , but i 've never met anyone who thought the roi was still part of the uk, 
  i think you 're confusing scotland having values with scotland having someone else 's money to spend and a government which does n't have to be responsible for its own fuckups ( if there 's a problem , it 's westminster 's fault , but when they spend westminster 's money , it 's a holyrood success ) scotland 's universities are the perfect example . 
  they made a big fuss of not having fees , talked about how it shows they value equality and opportunities for the poor , and how great it was . 
  the result is that poor kids in scotland are the less likely to go to uni than poor kids anywhere else in the uk , and scottish unis are the most unequal in the country . 
  they make all the right noises , but what they deliver is shit . 
  not really . 
  i for one do n't want to deal with refugees from failed states coming in from north and south . 
  i bet i would believe it . 
  i bet it 'd be really low , around the 4-6 % minimum response any stupid question gets on any survey because people either do n't read the questions or decide to take the piss .
