  really ? 
  i had n't spotted a 12:1 disparity in the number of people per member in the uk parliament , and last i checked any mp could propose a law , word it how they chose and have it pass through to law if it had enough support . 
  meanwhile in the eu , there is an over 12:1 disparity , and an mep who wants a law passed can ask the commission to write one , and then if and when the commission does so , the bill will be worded however the commission fancies it , with whatever riders the commission wants to attach , and if it gets amended too much , the commission can just pull it . 
  it rather depended , at that point , if you chose to recognise the provisional government , who were essentially in power by dint of a bloody coup . 
  nah , they should follow the usa model and rig their primaries to let through people who are owed favours . 
  no way the populist will win , so it does n't matter , right ? 
  to be fair to her , i can see the russians ' point on crimea . 
  if the uk tried to do to scotland what ukraine did to crimea , people would be denouncing us ( eg . 
  a scottish backed government gets into power , does something scottish people agree with which pisses off the english , so there 's a violent coup d'etat to enforce what england wants and then we tell the scottish they ca n't leave the uk whether they want to or not and proceed to do whatever the english want because they 're nearer to parliament and thus better able to hold it at gunpoint ), 
  depends on what you mean . 
  if you mean a body that has elected officials who vote , yes it 's democratic . 
  if you mean a body that provides meaningful representation for the people , then no . 
  first , you 're not paying attention . 
  there 's no issue of fairness , representation or federalization with , say , the east midlands region , but there is with scotland . 
  why is this ? 
  is it because east midlanders are getting a better deal ? 
  not by any objective measure . 
  is it because they do n't see themselves as a separate group ? 
  yes . 
  all the issues you claim the conversation is about are only issues because of the underlying issue of identity . 
  scotland has a bigger issue being governed from london than the north east does , but not because they 're slightly further away . 
  it 's because people in the north east see themselves as british and english , and the government is british and in england , while many scottish people see themselves as primarily ` scottish ' and resent rule by an external group . 
  the lack of common identity does n't create the problems , but it turns them into ` us vs them ' issues , which makes them harder to solve . 
  factually incorrect , in that they literally did have to , and it happened . 
  [ the scotland act 1998 ( modification of schedule 5 ) order 2013 bill ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukdsi/2013/9780111529881/article/3 ) , which allowed the scottish parliament to call an independence referendum , passed through the uk parliament , something that would be impossible without the support of english mps, 
  yes , it did . 
  the change in the scotland act required to allow the scottish parliament to call the referendum was voted through the uk parliament as [ the scotland act 1998 ( modification of schedule 5 ) order 2013 . 
  ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukdsi/2013/9780111529881/article/3 ), 
  we 'd need at least one other country in it or the whole thing would grind to a halt halfway through when the italians tried to switch sides . 
  yes , for the same reason that maltese get 12x as many meps per capita as frenchmen . 
  says someone who lives under laws passed by a system in which malta gets 1 mep for every 70k people and france gets one for every 887k people , and where the commission president was the choice of the party that came 2nd in the popular vote ( but got the most meps ) . 
  the problem is that democracy requires , to be functional , a demos . 
  a single people who self-identify as such . 
  if your voting groups have a primary identity which is a subset of your area , you 're going to have problems . 
  the uk has some of this with welsh , scottish and ni separatists who see themselves as welsh , scottish and irish people before british . 
  the eu is in a situation where all but the tiniest of minorities has a primary identity that is a subset of ` european ' , so their democracy does n't have a coherent demos . 
  bless you . 
  central needs cooling down . 
  they 've ignored the heat build-up for too long . 
  i went from victoria to liverpool street via oxford circus , so not really much to look at . 
  does schulz have the temperament to lead a country ? 
  he seems very easily worked up . 
  i 've lost count of the number of times he has been chairing the ep and has failed to remain neutral because he just had to get in some retort he 'd thought of . 
  absolutely loved the metro while i was in stockholm . 
  had to get the tube across london on the way home after i flew back , and it was just depressingly awful by comparison . 
  oldest alliance in the world . 
  you do n't get to be counted as speaking english until you lose to us at football . 
  admittedly , that means we have to count the scottish as english-speaking , but no system is perfect . 
  ok , we 'll stop calling you dutch . 
  swamp-german it is . 
  you guys realize we have nukes right ? 
  yes , but what happens if , say , 26 members vote to go to war , and one votes against ? 
  does the one bind the forces of the many , or do the many force soldiers to go to war against the wishes of their country ? 
  sorry , i was going off of this : https://www.brighton.ac.uk/international/study-with-us/your-country-info/poland-equivalencies.aspx specifically the postgraduate bit . 
  yeah , the percentages i quoted are based on the uk system , 70 % being 1st class , 60 % being upper 2nd class ( a 2:1 ) . 
  based on equivalency tables , a 1st is a 5 or 6 in poland , and a 2:1 is a 4 . 
  it 's the right idea , just needs tightening and the requirement to achieve while abroad . 
  i know this one . 
  i 'm fairly sure the german is efficient and humourless , the pole fixes a boiler , the englishman drinks tea and is posh , and the frenchman tries to bugger the kiwi after being told he 's a fruit, 
  simple . 
  only students achieving an average of at least 70 % in their first year are eligible . 
  universities whose students average below 60 % in the year abroad assesments 2 years in a row lose their access to the system for 5 years . 
  well , russia 's attack options are limited by where on the uk coast they can land troops . 
  we would n't need to . 
  if we 're alone against russia , it 's not going to be a conventional war . 
  actually , it looks like the usa wants to enforce the rules that members already agreed to . 
  plus eu expenditure will cover a shittonne of redundant command hierarchies . 
  no way you could fit the top commanders of each military into an effective command . 
  i think you ca n't handle the current situation either . 
  both would be disasters . 
  the default is a disaster that takes years to recover from , but what you have now will take decades . 
  euro exit , not an eu exit , unless the eu would kick out a member for dropping out of the currency union, 
  again , why ? 
  should n't it be based on co2 emissions rather than whether they signed up to a particular reduction strategy ? 
  if usa did n't ratify the paris agreement but is producing less co2 per kwh than china , why should chinese goods not be subject to a co2 tariff ? 
  maybe jamming disparate economies into a single currency is just a bad idea, 
  why just us goods ? 
  why not all imports , in line with eu based carbon taxes , so that you ca n't dodge carbon taxes by offshoring ? 
  greece was offered loans at an absurdly cheap rate because it was assumed that germany was backing them . 
  the result of a default would be that new debt would be at an extremely high rate of interest , but this could be alleviated short term by printing a fair bit of money ( essentially taking money out of people 's savings ) and allowing the weakened currency to boost exports . 
  there 's no clean solution from the position greece was in , but default and devalue at least gives them a chance of recovery this side of 2050 . 
  the world economy does n't dictate european monetary policy . 
  the ecb does . 
  and it does it to the best advantage of the german economy . 
  also , why are greece out of the eu in this hypothetical ? 
  if they leave the euro , do they get kicked out of the eu entirely out of pique ? 
  and by the way , british banks do n't need to pay for greece 's debt , since they did n't buy much in the first place . 
  it was french and german banks that allowed the greeks to sell them bonds at knocked down rates . 
  they gambled unwisely , and the eu is forcing greeks into poverty to cover those bad bets . 
  yeah , they are very painful , but it 's the difference between a few bad years and the grinding , drawn out pain that has been delivered by the eu 's method of bailing out the french and german banks and making the greek people pay for it . 
  that balance of trade is not sustainable and is one of the problems that an artificially strong currency creates . 
  default , devalue and export is the traditional solution for a reason . 
  it works . 
  without the eu , greece would have defaulted on the debts and devalued its currency before returning to growth based on cheap exports , because it would n't be stuck in a currency that 's geared towards what 's best for the german economy . 
  the big losers from that would of course be the banks who gambled on selling greece cheap debt . 
  primarily french and german banks . 
  but of course , greece should be unconditionally grateful for the bailouts . 
  the figure of eu trade is 44 % according to the ons and [ the house of commons library ] ( http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/researchbriefing/summary/cbp-7851 ) . 
  i 'll take those over a website run by a us media project thanks . 
  ah , i see , you 're using the correct , if irrelevant figure for the continent of europe rather than the significantly smaller eu figure .
