  we 'd be withholding it from countries engaging in economic warfare against us . 
  it is necessary for our fight against terrorism that our security services be able to get sufficient funding . 
  anyone who acts to prevent that from happening is aiding our enemy . 
  we have no need to threaten the eu . 
  we merely need to state that our intelligence information will only be available as long as we can afford to keep providing it . 
  we 're not a charity . 
  everything that one party has and another party wants is a bargaining chip . 
  the only thing we must never do is allow moralising to get in the way of a good deal . 
  they have an audience and play to it . 
  they do n't pretend to be unbiased and keep most of the worst stuff to editorials and their ` comment is free ' section ( which is basically a designated clickbait area ), 
  blackmail is when you have compromising information about someone and demand money for not revealing it . 
  when you have something somebody wants , and demand something in return for giving it to them , it 's called negotiation . 
  it 's easy to confuse the two . 
  more like the rule requiring ports to split up their ownership , which does n't make sense for small ports like those in the uk , but was passed because uk meps were outvoted by meps for landlocked countries who were pressing the button their party told them to press . 
  they could go and ask other 5 eyes members , but we 've been the point of contact thus far , and all the rest are much further away . 
  well the last time we voted remain it took 4 decades to get another vote . 
  i do n't think a rejoin vote would be inconceivable on a similar timescale . 
  and governments change , if enough people want them to . 
  no , we 're not holding it hostage , we 're merely ensuring that we only hand over sensitive information to allies of the uk . 
  if the eu act like allies of the uk , then we can safely pass on information . 
  if they attempt to damage the uk , who is to say that they 're on our side in any conflict ? 
  we could n't risk our intelligence personnel by handing over sensitive data to a power that is acting to damage the uk 's defences against terrorists ( which is what deliberate damage to the uk economy would indirectly achieve ) equally , things get terribly busy at the foreign office . 
  if the eu decides to try to damage us , we 'll have to put all our efforts into making new trade deals . 
  and with all the staff working on trade deals , who knows what important communications could slip through the cracks ? 
  mistakes happen , especially when departments are put under exceptional pressure . 
  if a higher authority wishes to overturn the results of that government 's decisions , it is welcome to do so . 
  the queen does n't seem to want to , and we have n't heard much from god lately , so it 's probably not going to happen . 
  ( the bit about god may seem flippant , but technically the uk chain of command is god --  monarch --  parliament with each one giving authority to the one below ), 
  if i am able to reply to multiple people with the same essential argument , then your problem is with their comments , not mine . 
  if my making the same counterarguments to repeats of the same arguments is a breach of reddiquette , then each person i am replying to , excepting the first , must be making the same breach , since they are making a comment that lacks substance as much as mine does . 
  i am not attempting to win the argument by repetition , i 'm trying to have a debate with multiple people . 
  if that upsets you , so be it . 
  find a mod and see if they agree that each point may only be addressed once , regardless of how many people make it . 
  i suspect they wo n't , since it would mean deleting the vast majority of comments on this subreddit . 
  that 's not really a concession , is it ? 
  remain are as free to ask for another referendum as leave would have been if we 'd stayed . 
  i 'm asking how they 'd change what the uk actually did to accommodate the leave vote . 
  since they seem to want us to compromise between leaving and remaining because leave only won narrowly , would a similar compromise have been acceptable in a remain vote ? 
  would moving to eea membership have been an acceptable response to a remain vote at 52 % ? 
  if we 're saying that we should work based on overall proportion rather than which side gets most votes , a close leave and a close remain should have basically the same result, 
  so the concession for the leave campaign would have been to potentially ask for powers to be repatriated , something the eu has never done and is basically designed not to do . 
  ok , would remain feel better if we went and asked the eu to allow us to keep all the benefits of membership without fom or any monetary contribution ? 
  would that be a sufficient concession ? 
  if making demands you know will be refused is all that is required , i 'm sure we can cook something up . 
  point me to any 2 of my replies that are identical . 
  better yet , point me to the bit in reddiquette about not responding to multiple people about the same point . 
  i 'm not clear on how that represents a change in the favour of the leave group . 
  as i understand it , the multi speed europe is about some states integrating faster without the support of the whole group , rather than member states regaining powers that the eu currently has . 
  interesting what headlines you can pull from one poll . 
  a different bias could produce the headline ' 83 % of europeans surveyed are prepared to make compromises to maintain good uk relations ' . 
  the core principles bit makes sense . 
  i do n't think anyone in the uk expects to retain membership without free movement or to get anything without paying for it . 
  stuff like erasmus + , horizon and other programs , however , would seem to be more open to uk memebrship , since restricting those to members does n't seem to be a core principle . 
  i often wonder what sweeping concessions the remainers were planning on making to the pro-leave group if they won by 2 % . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  i 've not seen many complaints about the eu imposing workers rights measures on us . 
  it 's usually more directed at other regulatory areas, 
  have you read reddiquette ? 
  i ca n't see anything relevant in there . 
  apart from this : please dont : complain about reposts . 
  just because you have seen it before does n't mean everyone has . 
  votes indicate the popularity of a post , so just vote . 
  keep in mind that linking to previous posts is not automatically a complaint ; it is information . 
  so , i guess , have your downvote , you hypocrite . 
  also , do you think i 'm on / r/europe for the karma ? 
  i 've got a uk flair . 
  i fully expect petty arseholes to downvote me . 
  if the eu is going to be intransigent in the negotiations , we ca n't consider them to be a reliable ally . 
  as such , we must consider them a security risk , it would n't be responsible to release sensitive information to them . 
  after all , intelligence services cost money , and so if we interpret the eu 's actions as a deliberate attempt to damage the uk economy , we can only assume that they 're attempting to quietly aid those who our intelligence services are guarding against . 
  basically , if the eu are going to be unreasonable , we can be unreasonable back . 
  hopefully they wo n't push us to that point . 
  but our intel is better than theirs , and access has a price . 
  you ca n't just decide that shit we have does n't count because it 'd be really bad for the eu if they did n't have it . 
  it does n't , and there 's no evidence that they 're doing that , but it 's a convenient narrative for the left that any move away from total state run health services means a us style model . 
  if we applied it to politics , it 'd essentially be the same as saying your options are the ussr or pinochet . 
  what is more likely is that we 'd move to a ` universal insurance , some private provision ' model like most european countries . 
  people seem to have forgotten that a hell of a lot of the ` progress ' the eu made on workers rights has been enshrining in eu law things which the uk already had . 
  well , either the eu wants access to uk intel or it does n't . 
  if it does , it will need to offer something in return . 
  if not , the uk ca n't really be expected to prevent eu countries from choosing to endanger their citizens . 
  they are the people elected to represent those groups , does n't make them representative of the actual opinions . 
  trump won 100 % of the presidential seats , but that does n't mean it 's sensible to assume the usa is 100 % trump supporters . 
  yes , but the point is that people who vote in eu elections , like people who read physical newspapers , are not representative of normal uk citizens . 
  amazon has them behind yahoo , the bbc , the guardian , theladbible , reddit , imgur and a bunch of others . 
  nope . 
  they 'd be a new country and would be required to apply as a new country . 
  spain wo n't allow a precedent for secession getting you automatic membership . 
  at a guess , food , electricity , and other greek made stuff . 
  no , the year our trade agreement was turned into a political union without our people being consulted . 
  well , there 's a thread where people are unironically talking about wearing black for a50 day , so i guess we 're leaning more towards / r/t _ d style poe 's law lunacy here . 
  less so in the uk than the bbc , or depending on who you ask , the guardian , reddit , xhamster or theladbible, 
  [ it 's robert walpole ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/10_downing_street#/media/file:robertwalpole.jpg ) the de facto first prime minster of the uk . 
  he ran the country for 20 years and managed to extend the powers of the commons significantly . 
  his portrait is always on the wall of the cabinet room , it 's nothing specific to brexit . 
  wrong way round . 
  ` so long and you 're welcome for all the fish ' would be more accurate . 
  fuck me , 22p for a first class stamp . 
  that 's an old video . 
  it 'll be there by friday,
