  they 'd all depend on the eu for money , so they 'd be big eu supporters !, 
  it 's like buying votes , but you 're spending other people 's money instead of your own !, 
  well , you have to move all the meps , staff and several lorries full of mostly empty boxes ( because files used to be on paper , so the meps used to need a big box of papers , and we could n't put the poor lorry drivers out of a nice lucrative bit of taxpayer funded work ) back and forth each month . 
  the trick , as was found with article 125 of the lisbon treaty , is to simply ignore the bits of the treaty that are inconvenient to whatever you feel like doing . 
  ( it specifically bans bailouts of the kind the eu has done a bunch of . 
  they were all illegal under the lisbon treaty . ), 
  plus there 'd be at least 10 job losses , which means , as i understand french economics , approximately 50 million people on strike for at least a month . 
  until someone decides to enforce it . 
  these sorts of thing are great for silencing someone you do n't like . 
  well , when most of the top 20 unis in europe are in the uk or switzerland , we 're as well dealing with them as the eu, 
  no , hence wanting to get out of the organisation aimed at forcing us into a federal state . 
  yep , that 's why i 'd expect us to be leaving the eea . 
  1 ) except it does n't bloody work . 
  eu trade deals are byzantine messes . 
  the usa-australia deal took less than 2 years from opening negotiations to being in force . 
  eu-canada deal is 7 years and counting , since the romanians are blocking it over visas . 
  the uk ca n't sign a trade deal with canada because of a matter which is nothing to do with either the uk or trade for that matter . 
  2 ) i do n't think you understand . 
  continental europe is the source of several hundred thousand immigrants a year . 
  you may be confusing immigration with refugees . 
  3 +4 ) i do want an exit from the eea . 
  on the poorer areas , i 'd just make this point . 
  as it stands , it makes no sense for the uk government to try to fix these areas . 
  if it does so , the eu will stop spending money on them , but the amount we pay to the eu will go up ( because the country as a whole will be richer ) . 
  so it makes more sense to spend uk money in the areas that were never going to get the eu funding anyway and let the eu pump what money we can get into the poor areas . 
  the inherent problem with the system like any subsidy , is that it encourages people to arrange their affairs in such a way as to maximise subsidy ( the best example i 've ever seen is when there was a big subsidy for safely disposing of a harmful chemical in china , a factory was set up to produce that chemical and then dispose of it safely . 
  it served no useful purpose , but made a load of money ), 
  no , they really are n't . 
  show your working , i ca n't be arsed to try to figure out what your arguments are for you . 
  i for one enjoy being fed grapes while reclining on a couch . 
  greece and turkey are clearly natural allies . 
  yeah . 
  i did n't really try to hide the bias . 
  i figured i would be biased either way , so an obvious bias was better than a hidden one . 
  joke ----------------------------------------------------------  your head, 
  5 pros : - decision making brought closer to the electorate - vastly improved means for making trade deals . 
  a bilateral deal will now only need to mediate the views of 2 parties , not 30 . 
  we could also cut agricultural tariffs to africa , reducing food costs and helping poorer countries through trade . 
  - ability to control immigration . 
  this should lead to reductions in unskilled eu migration and more equitable treatment for non-eu citizens . 
  - rule of law . 
  the uk will no longer be subject to a system where the law is only enforced when france and germany feel like it ( see : the decision not to fine france and germany for breaching the deficit limit on the eurozone , article 125 of the lisbon treaty , which should have prevented the bailouts ) - no longer having to send money to the eu - apart from the not insignificant portion that simply disappears ( according to the commission , this is between 3 and 7 billion , but they view this as insignificant ) , we will also no longer end up with absurdities like the recent situation where we were cutting benefits for the disabled , but increasing farm subsidies . 
  we can go through the programmes the eu funds in the uk and decide which are worth funding and which are not and then add whatever we cut from those to the several billion we pay over as a net contribution and use it to fund more useful projects or cut the deficit . 
  5 cons : - potential loss of access to erasmus . 
  while we might keep this , given that we provide 6 of the top 10 universities in europe , switzerland ( 1 of the top 10 ) was kicked out of the programme because they voted against free movement with eu countries . 
  in theory , we could deal with this by setting up our own erasmus style deal with switzerland , a deal which would contain the majority of european top 10 and top 20 universities . 
  - potential tariffs on eu trade . 
  this is the big one . 
  depending on how much the leaderships of various eu countries are prepared to hurt their own people for the good of the eu project , we might see and attempt to ` punish ' the uk for having the temerity to vote leave . 
  the continental system has a poor historical record when it comes to bringing the uk to heel however . 
  - we 'd need to make new trade deals with non-eu countries . 
  these would need to be made fast . 
  happily , we would n't have to wait for countries like canada to give visa free travel to romania before we could bring these trade deals into force ( that 's genuinely why we currently do n't have an fta with canada . 
  the terms were agreed years ago , but we ca n't use them because romania is pissy about visas ) - potential spending cuts in poorer regions . 
  the eu diverts a small portion of the money we send it to projects in poorer regions of the uk . 
  we 'd need to make sure our parliament did the same . 
  - potential spending cuts to science . 
  same deal , we need to make sure the stuff the eu funds is funded . 
  it should be noted that the available pool of money will be nearly double the size , since around half of what we send to the eu makes it back here . 
  well , now i 'm not sure if we 're still joking . 
  i mean , there 's a certain humour to the idea of letting an irishman near a bank ( would they not just try to ferment the money ? 
  ) , but i want to be clear that i 'm doing a pisstakey racist classist 19th century englishman bit ( much aided , i might add , by the excellent aubrey-maturin books by patrick o'brian i 've been listening to recently ), 
  of course not . 
  there 's not enough brain in your irishman to feed a labourer . 
  it 's barely worth the harvesting . 
  ah , i see you 're confused as to the relative positions of farm animals and the working class . 
  the former is above the latter . 
  strictly ` irish ' is still on the english class system . 
  you 're just below ` working class ' and just above ` other assorted colonials ', 
  yep . 
  we 're helping people , but do n't feel the need to make them go through the world 's longest , deadliest and most depressing total wipeout course beforehand . 
  yeah , because needlessly forcing out people who bring in money is exactly what spain needs right now . 
  best of luck . 
  a functional eu that we are n't in is better for everyone than the current polite standoff . 
  basically , we 're on a ship which is taking on water , debating whether we should start bailing or get to the lifeboats . 
  if the eu collapses , i reckon we 'd be well placed to set up a trade-only organisation for the leavers . 
  yeah , we are . 
  we 've paid off the last world war , so we 're about due for a new one . 
  plus we 've got fancy new carriers on sea trials , so we could get a chance to try those out . 
  if we leave the eu , it 'd be a hell of a good bargaining chip for trade negotiations . 
  fta in exchange for sweden . 
  ooh , can we send our new carriers up ? 
  assuming this is post 2020 , we should have some lovely new hardware to try out . 
  frankly , they 'd have a big debate , propose we stop selling cheese to russia or something and then the us , france and the uk would have a meeting to discuss a military response . 
  we have hills , just not where they make the laws . 
  more that what is good for one economy can be bad for another . 
  a stunningly basic fact you seem to struggle to grasp, 
  i love your logic . 
  i want to try a thought experiment . 
  we give an adult and a baby one adult sized morphine dose . 
  by the same logic that states that the euro ca n't hurt one country while helping another , morphine ca n't hurt one human while helping another , so the baby should be fine right ? 
  essentially i object to the underhanded way the eu sells things . 
  they set up systems in such a way that damaging crises are inevitable in order to take advantage of those crises . 
  you may be happy watching millions lose their livelihoods in greece and spain so that the eu can have a currency and a common fiscal policy but i feel that being party to that is damaging to the uk on a moral level . 
  i am a europhile , in that i still have some love for the people of europe . 
  for that reason , i must oppose the eu , and uk withdrawal is the only reasonable conduit for that opposition . 
  i was using the euro as an example . 
  schengen is another . 
  a common border force looks pretty much inevitable now , but what country would have agreed to that before schengen ? 
  the nice bit is put in , without the unpopular measures needed to make it work .
