  there 's 2 things at play here . 
  eurosceptics will break in one of 2 directions . 
  either they 'll look at the eu trying to play hardball with the uk and think ` shit , better not annoy those guys ' , or they 'll look at it and say ` shit , this is a cult . 
  look at them going after the brits for trying to leave the compound ', 
  depends how people react to being threatened i guess . 
  ` stay in or else ' is n't as persuasive as people thought . 
  when soros starts betting against you , you know you 're fucked . 
  he has a ` make your own luck ' approach to crashes . 
  yes . 
  which means that a movement towards private provision would take us closer to a more heavily state funded version of what you guys have . 
  the continuum from private to public goes usa ---------- canada ----- uk . 
  at the least , arrange to donate the places to some sick kids . 
  or canada , france , germany and sweden , off the top of my head . 
  seriously ? 
  canada 's healthcare is privatised , in the sense we use it . 
  you use private providers for the majority of your services . 
  yeah , i distinctly remember the leave campaign saying ` no immigration at all , not even doctors ' . 
  vpn into the uk if you need to, 
  you could also put a nato flag or nuclear explosion at the start of that last bit . 
  certainly , gibraltar should get a vote on this . 
  no problem, 
  the one about regional assemblies ? 
  how do you know what ttip will do ? 
  are you an mep ? 
  if so , you 're presumably lying about its contents , since you 're forbidden from accurately conveying it to the rest of us . 
  if not , you do n't know because we 're not allowed to . 
  they 're taking a guess at what the midterm budget review is gon na do , since the eu pushed it back until after the referendum ( would n't want people knowing too much about what they 're agreeing to ), 
  where 's that ? 
  is it in the text on the right ? 
  what , like obama , the only nobel peace prize winner to order bombings that killed hundreds of children ? 
  we actually can keep blocking stuff , especially if it 's a close result . 
  we also invented the tautology . 
  the usa probably thinks an american discovered fire . 
  you lot still ignore swan 's lightbulb because you want claim edison invented it . 
  what ? 
  the telephone ? 
  not commercial steam power , vaccines , the steam train , the electromagnet , the computer , the incandescent lighbulb , the pedal bicycle , the fax machine , boolean logic , the television , the jet engine , atms , pin numbers , carbon fibre , dna profiling or the world wide web ? 
  but then who would pay the lorry drivers ? 
  clearly you 've never seen the eu negotiate a trade deal . 
  it 's apocalyptically slow . 
  and then once it 's negotiated , they fuck around for years before it 's ratified . 
  to be fair , purchase taxes are about the only way to collect tax in greece, 
  it 's the nearest place you can get accommodation . 
  perhaps they 're hoping to start somewhere easy and work their way up to fixing spain . 
  yes . 
  any trade deal negotiated by the eu must either be tortuously slow or massively undemocratic . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm suggesting that this means that the eu is a bad way to negotiate trade deals . 
  no more than any other ally and major trading partner . 
  but securing the best deal for the eu 's people and punishing the uk for leaving are mutually exclusive . 
  the latter would be the eu sacrificing jobs and prosperity as a political campaigning tool to attempt to justify its own existence . 
  the choice will cement the eu as either trade organisation or a protection racket on a continental scale . 
  well , it seems a significant portion of our electorate disagree . 
  the eu , as an organisation , should not exist to work on its own behalf , but on the behalf of its members and the people of europe . 
  if it does something which is aimed at preserving the eu against the threat of members voting to leave , at the expense of those members , it is no longer working for the people , but for itself . 
  if the eu really works for the people , it will secure whatever deal gains them the best advantage , and trust them to vote as they see fit . 
  no , scotland was shabbily treated too . 
  so the eu will harm its members in order to secure a propaganda victory for itself . 
  `` sure , you 're poorer , but at least you wo n't vote the wrong way '' who 'd want to be in a group like that ? 
  shameful stuff from france . 
  well , the idea of punishing a country for a democratic decision not to be in your club in order to discourage others from leaving seems vaugely anti-democratic . 
  breaking people 's legs for voting labour would n't be directly attacking democracy , but it would be anti-democratic, 
  the question is whether the eu will prioritise the economic interests of its members or the political interests of its functionaries . 
  yep . 
  it 's what got rid of thatcher . 
  there 's a difference between doing us favours and negotiating a mutually beneficial deal . 
  if the eu pushes for the best terms they can get on car exports or whatever , fair enough . 
  if they deliberately strangle trade in an effort to prove that leaving is a bad idea , . 
  to the detriment of both sides ' economies , that 's where i take issue . 
  it does n't . 
  but it changes our prospects for negotiations elsewhere . 
  more the idea of punishing those who try to leave . 
  it 's a commitment to democracy in the same vein as scientology 's commitment to freedom of religion . 
  yep . 
  i 'm british . 
  yep . 
  russian football hooligans had a whip round and paid off boris johnson , despite his being very rich already . 
  until the world cup . 
  it 's easier to arrest people after the russians have kicked the shit out of them . 
  well , the usa women ( who won the world cup ) were massacred by the us u-17 mens team ( who did not qualify for the u-17 world cup ) about 8-1 . 
  plus russians with baseball bats , weighted gloves and gumshields . 
  water ? 
  i think you mean lakes if molten sulphur . 
  us-australia - less than 2 years . 
  us-israel - less than 2 years us-canada - just over 3 years . 
  eu-australia - still no talks . 
  eu-israel - 8 years . 
  eu-canada - 6 years and counting . 
  seems like it 's not a ` big economy ' problem , but an eu one . 
  as does any deal the eu negotiates . 
  i get the impression that the eu just is n't very good at trade negotiations . 
  possibly because having 29 sets of interests on one side of the table tends to make things difficult . 
  i hope they try . 
  let the people see what the eu thinks of democracy . 
  negotiations will be delayed while the tories run a leadership election to replace cameron . 
  yeah , it 's sort of odd for a german to mention ww2 while simultaneously attempting to take the moral high ground . 
  it 's as if we 'd attacked the cap by pointing out that , as the irish potato famine shows , it 's not a good idea to let your food supply be managed by a foreign power . 
  it 's always nice to be lectured on how to make europe better by a german referencing ww2 . 
  it 's almost like they 've forgotten that it was them attempting to improve europe that was the problem . 
  no , but think about it .
