  as to other comments on other articles , i ca n't really defend stuff i have n't seen , and almost certainly would n't want to . 
  there are probably articles where your complaints are valid . 
  this particular one is n't among them . 
  well , the article shows an example of racism from may 19th , before the vote , and an example of racism from after the vote . 
  the only conclusion i can draw from their evidence is ` some people in the uk are racist , and have been for at least 5 months ' . 
  which is bad , but i 'm not sure why the brexit bit was necessary in the title, 
  it does n't make it better , it is a fucking terrible thing , but it 's also massively disingenuous of the newspaper to title this ` post brexit britain ' and then make the majority of the article about an attack that happened a month before the vote . 
  if i wrote an article entitled ` merkel 's germany ? 
  photos show horrific attacks on jewish-owned businesses ' and then wrote an article about kristallnacht , pointing out that it happened before merkel was born would in no way diminish how bad the attacks were , but would be relevant, 
  from the article : `` despite the incident happening earlier this year '' from the headline : `` post brexit britain ? '', 
  date of the attack : 19th may this is your credible source ? 
  it does n't even maintain internal consistency . 
  no , a bunch of people reported things like farage giving a speech as a hate crime ( still counts on the figures , the police are required to log any report of a perceived hate crime as one ) , the papers picked up on the increase , a narrative of ` brexit causes hate crimes ' was pushed by remain leaning press and awareness caused more reports . 
  as there 's no need for evidence that the crime is motivated by nationality etc. , if people feel like they 're being targeted , reports will increase . 
  if a polish person got in a fight pre-brexit , it was just a fight . 
  if they did the same after brexit , they 'd probably feel like it was because they 're polish and report a hate crime , despite zero change in the events . 
  should be pretty easy for you to cite a source then . 
  fair enough , i 'm just pointing out that arguing from readership is n't the best route . 
  those are reported crimes , not convictions . 
  i can tell the police that someone yelled racist abuse at me on the street and it goes into those figures . 
  does n't mean it happened . 
  ah , so anecdotal evidence is fine as long as it 's strong . 
  cite your source . 
  show me an increase in convictions on the stats , and i 'll be interested . 
  most of the reports i 've seen are increases in reports ( which are mostly from a website which i can add entirely fictional hate crimes to with zero evidence ), 
  there 's a narrative now , so every assault is national news if you can tie it to brexit . 
  assaults that would n't have made the local news befor brexit are now good enough for national papers . 
  downvoted , despite this being in response to an article which attempts to link an assault that happened over a month prior to the vote to brexit . 
  the uk 's most read newspaper is the sun . 
  readership and credibility are n't strongly correlated . 
  no , but i doubt there 'd be much support for the ` should we have a referendum ' referendum either . 
  of course , we 'd need a referendum to find out , since polling would n't be sufficient . 
  so either we constantly have infinitely recursive referenda on every issue or we at some point trust polling . 
  i 'm basing this on polling of the scottish . 
  we already did . 
  they do n't want a 2nd referendum , and have n't tried to get one . 
  all 7 polls conducted since may became pm have shown healthy leads for scotland staying in the uk . 
  polls also consistently show that scots do n't want there to even be a second referendum . 
  there 's a consultation on a draft 2nd referendum bill that 's been published by the snp , and if that carries on and passes through holyrood , the uk government will consider a second referendum . 
  until then , it 's hardly fair to criticise the government for not providing a referendum that the majority do n't want to ask a question that they 've already answered . 
  scotland is free to leave the uk whenever they choose . 
  they chose not to do so and continue to poll in favour of staying in the uk . 
  3 months , if we do n't mess with our existing commitments, 
  and this is downvoted . 
  simple statements of fact are , as so often , anathema to / r/europe, 
  i 'll take lessons on democracy from any country the uk did n't liberate from a dictator . 
  not sure you 're following , but when 0.2 % of the people are dictating to the rest because they happen to live in a particular place , that 's not actually an example of democracy , it 's an example of what i 'm dubbing a perioch\u00edcracy , where power is derived from having support in a region , rather than from having the support of a significant portion of the population, 
  what exactly is the benefit of the city centre shopping model ( from the point of view of the public ) ? 
  is there a good reason we should keep them rather than allowing the buildings to become housing ? 
  there are a lot of french in london . 
  it 's the 5th or 6th largest population group of french people in any city ( including those in france ), 
  well , my parents are n't rich enough for me to have learned latin , so i guess i 'm screwed . 
  to be fair to the french , most of my experience is with parisians , so i do n't know if it 's just them , but i 've seen this happen to fluent french speakers ( including my french teacher , who had lived in france for several years and studied at a french university for some time ) , simply because they had an english , or in his case irish , accent . 
  no uk political party has ever been lead by someone who had previously published autobiographical accounts of their sexual abuse of 5 year olds . 
  1 eu parliament group has . 
  it 's an absurdly tenuous link , but this is hardly a rigorous process . 
  yeah , you can basically justify any headline in this way . 
  for example , if i said ` if we vote remain , the eu could become a federation , somehow let the green group get a majority and then pass a law encouraging the molestation of children ' , and the following headline would be as justified as the above : `` remain vote will cause ` mass child abuse ' '' hell , they let a man who wrote a book about how he used to sexually assault children be co-president of an ep group , it 's not totally implausible ( it is , but all it requires is huge numbers of people to act irrationally , so it 's basically the same as repealing all the environmental laws and not replacing them with anything ), 
  the eu also has rules preventing us from selling children under the label ` champagne ' . 
  does n't mean we will do that if we leave the eu . 
  the current plan is to move all eu laws to uk law and then repeal on a case by case basis , so those laws will be adopted and then any repeal debated by parliament . 
  that 's a long way from ` this will happen ', 
  if your point is that a pro-eu campaign group made dire predictions about what would happen if we left the eu , and that we ignored them , then yes . 
  though it 's worth noting that there 's no evidence the predictions were right . 
  yeah , i guess , but in general , if we 're in france , and i 've made the effort , and you 've understood well enough to get what i said , just reply in french , and let me have the sense of achievement . 
  replying in english basically says ` your french is so poor that i 'm just going to act as though you addressed me in english in the hope that you 'll stop butchering my language ', 
  in our defence , assigning gender to inanimate objects is mental , and it 's not like we get much french media here . 
  is there a coherent system for gendering that provides a good rule of thumb or is it pretty much a ` learn it all ' thing ? 
  this article is 8 months old . 
  i do enjoy that the photo used is of a smog which had , per the caption , basically nothing to do with uk pollution . 
  also , is it possible the enviromentalists for europe , a self proclaimed pro-eu campaign group , might not be providing an unbiased account here . 
  you might as well put : `` building a wall on the mexican border will ` make america great again ' '' as a headline and expect it to be treated as a fact rather than opinion . 
  edit : it 's also worth noting that this is from february . 
  no , we 'd just remove any reference to scotland and keep calling it the uk . 
  the issue with that is that it penalises larger , more efficient farms . 
  the uk government will be vigilantly watching for any signs of brutality against these people from french police . 
  any such action will be met with light applause and perhaps some sort of scoring system . 
  vastness , rivers , sea . 
  at least our nationalists are proud of shit that the people of the uk did , rather than geographical features which are fuck all to do with us . 
  what exactly is the impressive part about having a fuckload of empty land ? 
  i 'll take : ` we invented submarines , steam engines , electrostatic motors , threshing machines , vaccines , percussion caps , electromagnets , incandescent light bulbs , bicycles , postage stamps , computers , cricket , football , rugby , baseball , golf , cheese-rolling , fax machines , boolean logic , hypodermic syringes , telephones , light switches , jet engines , carbon fibre , cash machines , dna profiling , text messaging and the touchpad ' over ` we have lots of land ', 
  it was , but then half of it was taken by french and german banks . 
  spoiler : it is n't . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  basically , they 'll all get into a room , there 'll be a long awkward silence and then someone from the eu delegation will say ` welcome everyone . . ' and the uk delegation will yell ` you started in english , we 're doing english now , no takesies backsies ', 
  i think it might be exactly the other way around . 
  the dutch speak english well because of all the trade ( plus us cultural exports and the bbc ), 
  there 's a trick to getting french people to speak english . 
  if you address them in english , they ca n't , but if you attempt to speak french to them , they suddenly become fluent in english . 
  technically that 's classed as english, 
  the uk would n't , some in the eu might advocate it by way of convincing other member states what a good idea the eu is ( see the scientologists or fundamentalist islam for examples of the ` fuck up the apostates as an example ' approach ), 
  in real life , practically nobody . 
  in / r/europe ? 
  a few . 
  in the eu parliament , about 20 % at least . 
  not really . 
  they view the eu as a country , and act towards it in much the same way as any nationalist would towards their own country . 
  apparently . 
  looks to me like she 's not a fan of brexit or the uk government , based on the articles the europp site she edits keeps putting out . 
  there 's a lot of ` teach the bastards a lesson ' stuff going around from eu nationalists at the moment .
