  eg : bus becomes bws or ambulance becomes ambiwlans ), 
  yeah , blair 's lobbying to push east , his failure to impose transitional controls and his deception over referenda are a big part of why we ended up leaving n my opinion . 
  no problem mate , it was n't meant as a rebuke , just as an fyi . 
  my estonian grammar is awful ( it 's not helped by my not knowing any of the words ), 
  the original case was brought to the high court on 27th june , before may became pm , though may did choose to appeal the high court 's verdict to the supreme court ( this action is the one most open to being claimed as a government induced delay , it basically depends on whether you think they were appealing to buy time or to try to have the judgement overturned ) cameron did lie about immediately triggering a50 ( in an attempt to scare people into voting remain ) , and many on the leave side said he was lying , but until a case had been brought , the courts could n't decide , and it would have been a very odd move for either the leave campaign to bring a case trying to make it harder to trigger a50 or for the remain campaign to try to prove that cameron ( who was , after all , a major figure for remain ) was lying . 
  as to there being no plan , that 's basically true , since cameron not only refused to let the civil service make one , but also denied leave supporting ministers access to information that could have been used to make one , on the basis that the absence of a plan would work in remain 's favour . 
  that 's what i was aiming for . 
  there 's a lot of these ` could be ' articles about , mostly from ( as this originally is ) independent.co.uk . 
  not surprising , since they cater well to a pro-eu crowd , generate lots of valuable clicks and require almost no effort . 
  basically , google a list of eu programs , print it , throw a dart at the list and claim we ` could ' be locked out of whatever it lands on . 
  it ca n't be disproven , so you 're fine . 
  i 'm not sure what the point of bringing up colonisation is ? 
  are you suggesting that it was brilliant for those countries that got colonised and we should thus welcome it or that we should allow mass immigration because historically we did shit things to other countries and turnabout is fair play ? 
  thanks for the edit , by the way , it 's much appreciated ( though i actually agree with everything you said in this particular comment . ), 
  we 've been delaying while there was an ongoing legal case to find out if it was legal to trigger a50 without parliamentary approval . 
  turns out it is n't . 
  so we 've proceeded to getting parliamentary approval as quickly as possible . 
  if i 'm honest , the example was a bit of a play on the [ ` no true scotsman ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ) logical fallacy , combined with the ( apparently unrelated ) term [ ` true scotsman ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/true_scotsman ) denoting someone who does n't wear underwear beneath a kilt . 
  that said , i guess you do n't get to be the name of a logical fallacy without being a good example . 
  i 'm not discussing why it does n't affect you . 
  that 's not really the issue . 
  i 'm just pointing out that you may as well be discussing football teams that get past the champions league group stages , soft drinks not made from construction materials or vegetables for all the difference it makes to scotland . 
  not really . 
  the italians gave up on a lot of roman stuff . 
  hell , the descendants of the men who built roads across the continent still have n't managed to get the a3 sorted out . 
  also on an unrelated note , the romans loved to bathe . 
  the comma in that sentence makes it suggest that things which use grammatical cases are n't actually languages . 
  updrafts are a problem for scotsmen who wear kilts . 
  vs updrafts are a problem for scotsmen , who wear kilts . 
  the former suggests that for the subset of scotsmen who wear kilts , updrafts are a problem , the latter suggests that wearing a kilt is a characteristic of being a scotsman , and updrafts are thus a problem for them . 
  i know this seems pedantic , and it is , but we 're talking about grammar so i thought i throw some in . 
  that 's probably because scotland has about half the proportion of immigrants england does . 
  easy to be keen on something that does n't affect you . 
  that london 's native culture has been all but obliterated , and that a lot of londoners have been effectively driven out by rising house prices . 
  that 's about the size of it . 
  everyone on here seems to feel like it 's a personal insult though . 
  yes , it is a totally rational decision from the point of view of those moving , and of those making a profit out of the labour . 
  never suggested it was n't . 
  i 'm not suggesting they are immigrating maliciously just to piss people off , they 're doing the best thing for them and their families in the setup . 
  equally businesses are doing their job and maximising profit . 
  the job of governments is to shape the setup so that it incentives the behaviours that the people of their country want , in this case , more limited , high-skilled immigration . 
  disproportionate in that they are around 28 % of eu immigration to the uk but around 5.5 % of the eu population . 
  they account for far more immigration than their population would suggest . 
  and it 's about 12.5 % of annual immigration ( though it should be noted that those figures include students . 
  i do n't have data on what proportion of those arriving looking for work are eu2 , so i wo n't speculate ), 
  i 'm holding my government accountable for their actions . 
  they have offered to make a deal where everyone stays put and are proceeding with triggering a50 as quickly as the law allows . 
  as such , they are doing all they reasonably can to ensure the eu citizens get certainty as quickly as possible , without compromising the uk 's negotiating position , as a unilateral guarantee inevitably would . 
  the eu ca n't decide top down what to do , but it could allow the member states to negotiate now . 
  the a50 bill is in progress through parliament and is n't going to stop . 
  all that delaying does at this point is extend the period of uncertainty . 
  yes . 
  but the british people pretty overwhelmingly do n't fancy mass migrations , so for that reason amongst others we 've decided to leave . 
  the idea of this cutoff is to limit the amount of mass migration that can happen before we do that . 
  hilarious , but the point that eu2 countries are a vastly disproportionate source of immigration stands , and migrationwatch 's estimates were , despite the bitching and moaning of the pro-immigration crowd , proven to be reasonably accurate . 
  ` large numbers of eu citizens apparently incapable of correctly filling in forms , from a self selecting group who chose to fill in forms that they did n't need to fill in , suggesting that they perhaps were n't the sharpest knives in the drawer to begin with ' not the snappiest headline , but it 's more accurate . 
  eu2 ( romania and bulgaria ) immigrants make up 28 % of eu migration to the uk , and are one of the only groups whose numbers increased in the last set of immigration figures released . 
  that 's why they got picked out . 
  because , despite all the research centres and the undoubtedly tremendous internet speeds , it 's a vastly disproportionate source of immigration to the uk . 
  romania and bulgaria account for over a quarter of eu migrants to the uk and showed a significant increase in the last set of immigration figures , suggesting that , unlike most of the rest of the eu , from which numbers fell , there is a significant drive in those 2 to get in before the cutoff . 
  the fact that your default assumption , with apparently zero research , is racism really should make you consider whether you 're not a bit bigoted yourself . 
  romania and bulgaria accounted for just over 27.5 % of eu immigration to the uk in the year to september 2016 . 
  given that they , combined , account for a little under 5.5 % of the eu population , there 's a decent reason to point them out . 
  couple that with the fact that their numbers climbed after the vote while overall immigration fell and it 's not hard to see why you 'd pick out those two . 
  but do keep trying to make it a racism thing . 
  it 's entertaining . 
  we 've already seen an uptick of around 35 % year on year in immigration from romania and bulgaria . 
  ( 55k to 74k in the respective years to september ) . 
  it 's not totally unreasonable to expect people , especially those from poorer eu states , to try to get in before any cutoff . 
  edit : sorry you do n't like reality , feel free to downvote statistics . 
  maybe they 'll go away . 
  that 's the plan . 
  the only thing standing in the way of that deal at the moment is the insistence from the eu commission that there be no negotiations before a50 is triggered . 
  yeah , that was a fun stunt designed as a rebuke to the people at migration watch , who were told to apologise for scaremongering after predicting a central estimate of 50,000 people from romania and bulgaria entering every year . 
  in the year to september 2015 , 55,000 people immigrated to the uk from romania and bulgaria . 
  in the year to september 2016 , the figure was 74,000 . 
  [ fig 51 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1kimiktkpw ), 
  also unskippable 30 second youtube ads . 
  i 'm convinced that 's a big part of why people voted leave . 
  fuck anyone who makes me sit through an ad that i 've already had to pay for out of my taxes telling me how to vote . 
  to be fair , it depends when the donation happened . 
  if it was before the official campaign period , nobody has to declare anything . 
  that 's why the government got away with spending more than either of the official campaigns were able to spend on ads . 
  just do it before the deadline . 
  nah , they just outspent the leave campaign significantly ( even if we do n't count david cameron 's funnelling of over # 9m of taxpayer 's money into remain ads ), 
  where are the cannon ? 
  same thing with our infantry . 
  turns out the trick is live fire exercises . 
  the trick is to play as the british . 
  nah , just sail in a line and rely on superior firepower , it 'll totally work . 
  source - am pierre-charles vielleneuve, 
  i suggest we resolve the issue by refloating the victory , sailing it to the usa and demonstrating what happens when a 104 gun first rate takes on a 44 gun frigate ( spoilers , they 'd be selling souvenir matches made out of the biggest bits of the constitution they could find ), 
  ' i am an inventor , and like all great inventors , i am british . 
  edison is a thief and an impostor , so he 's a clearly a yank ' - nicholas tesslington , 3rd baron of tesslington , yorkshire . 
  that looks like fun . 
  there used to be a park in north wales that had a bunch of old tanks , planes and helicopters you could play in . 
  it got shut down over health and safety concerns a while back ( there were a bunch of sharp , rusty bits of metal which were n't great for kids to play on ) , but i loved it as a kid . 
  i think it 's all holiday homes now . 
  jam then cream , because you keep jam longer , and you do n't want gone-off cream in your jam . 
  i assumed singing the nazi version of the anthem might be counted along the same lines as making the nazi salute .
