  [ they do ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/scottish-eu-independence-referendum-scotland-join-queue-membership-apply-a7627201.html ) [ they really ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/13/independent-scotland-would-have-to-apply-to-join-eu-commission-says ) , [ really do ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/independent-scotland-would-have-to-reapply-to-eu-1-3232221 ) the snp are pretty deluded , but the eu has been uncharacteristically clear on the point that seceding means reapplying as a new member state . 
  ` i 'd just put 15 men on with 2 goalies . 
  not like west brom can stop me doing that ', 
  fair enough . 
  when the polling hits a decent level of support on a question which reflects reality , or the eu change their policy on countries seceding from member states , then it 'll certainly be worth giving more thought to the topic . 
  i 've got a bottle of [ this ] ( https://www.thewhiskyexchange.com/p/23871/the-irishman-founders-reserve ) laid by that i got for christmas . 
  is it any good ? 
  plus the wto will get pissed because changing regulations to fuck over a specific country is pretty much exactly what they are there to prevent . 
  [ they not only did n't make a plan , they deliberately acted to ensure that leave supporting government ministers were prevented from seeing anything that might help them make a plan ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/feb/29/civil-service-chief-defends-decision-to-stop-pro-brexit-ministers-seeing-eu-papers ), 
  [ the pro-leave people in government were cut off from any resources with which to make a plan . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/feb/29/civil-service-chief-defends-decision-to-stop-pro-brexit-ministers-seeing-eu-papers ), 
  yes , it does . 
  so if i used polling on ` would you leave an abusive partner ' to claim that the majority of people want to leave their partner , you 'd be right to point out that my polling was n't really applicable . 
  likewise , polling that suggests that 28 % of welsh people would vote to leave the uk in a hypothetical situation that has already been ruled out by the eu is n't applicable to the question of how much support there is for wales leaving the uk in the real world . 
  works for me . 
  the ral stays with the membership , so they can pay the bullshit 60 billion . 
  sure , but neither side was advocating hard borders in that election , nor was it called due to brexit . 
  it was about the cash for ash scandal and the dup 's refusal to sack an incompetent , for which they were duly punished at the ballot box . 
  one requires the eu to spontaneously change a policy they 've held for years and which several members ( especially spain ) would veto any change to , while the other merely requires enormous pressure and time . 
  it 's not a valid question , because it 's deliberately positing an impossible situation to try to lead the result into something more publishable . 
  for example , asking ` would you support scottish independence if it meant they would remain in the eu , keep the pound , keep all the oil , take on no debts and win the world cup in 2018 ' would get more support than ` would you vote for scotland to leave the uk ' , because it is designed to do so . 
  once your polls depart from reality in order to get a more controversial result , they 're just bad polls . 
  the methodology that gives results with a link to the methodology is the best methodology , on account of not just being a randomer quoting numbers with no source attached . 
  solid edit . 
  so their methodology not only used a non standard question , but one which suggested a course that the eu have repeatedly confirmed is impossible . 
  might as well ask if they 'd vote leave if it made their shit turn into diamonds . 
  i was unaware that the february 2017 survey i linked did n't count as ` post-brexit ' . 
  i think the difference is methodology , not timing . 
  the difference is that eurosceptics outnumbered ukip voters , whereas plaid voters vastly outnumber the [ 6 % who back independence for wales ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-politics-39114914 ), 
  the waldo moment . 
  well worth watching . 
  london might survive leaving england . 
  wales is about as likely to leave the uk as , say , derby is to leave england . 
  he 's probably got as much claim as plaid cymru, 
  largely on the back of local issues , which i 'm kind of fine with . 
  it 's almost nice that ni is having problems so mundane as a party leader being shown up for incompetence in a previous ministerial job and refusing to resign . 
  if there was someone threatening to cut your arm off and beat themself to death with it , would your response be ` fine , you 'll be dead and i 'll only have lost an arm , i win ! ', 
  as someone who 's engaged with the mods here over the bans ( in an attempt to get images hosted by the mail unblocked , since they host a lot of photos that come up in google image searches , and in an attempt to get independent.co.uk added to the list of unreliable news sources ) and found them to be polite , helpful and pretty unbiased and as someone who would consider themselves centre-right , i 'll note a key difference between / r/europe and / r/uk . 
  on / r/europe , i often have people disagree with me , and they often express that through downvotes . 
  it 's not how downvotes were meant to work , but that 's always going to happen when politics are discussed . 
  and when i talked to the mods about the image ban they were polite and said they 'd look into it , which is fair enough , while for the independent.co.uk one they invited me to compile a list of misleading stories from that site as evidence , which was an excellent response . 
  on / r/uk , i was banned , with no explanation , and the mods simply refuse to respond to any communication . 
  that 's the difference between a sub where a plurality have the same opinion , like / r/europe , and a hivemind like / r/uk . 
  it 's worth noting that / r/ukpolitics is n't perfectly representative . 
  the polling done there shows a strong bias towards liberalism ( in particular the lib dems ) relative to the uk in general . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is n't representative of the uk , especially politically . 
  they are a small subset of british people who pretty rigorously censor anyone who disagrees with them . 
  there 's a negotiation strategy juncker can get on board with . 
  this is what happens when you try to use uncertainty as an argument against something . 
  once you 're doing that , the logical move is to maximise the uncertainty . 
  so cameron blocked any attempts to figure out what we 'd do if we voted leave . 
  i think more the point was that you really do n't need to know how the exact mass of a truck to know that it 's a bad idea to let it hit you . 
  are they ? 
  i hear a hell of a lot about the 48 % whenever the uk vote is dicussed , but i rarely hear anything about the scots who voted leave when the vote in scotland is discussed . 
  then we run into the brick wall of omniscience and omnipotence being inherently incompatible . 
  you ca n't both be all powerful and all knowing , since you either do n't know everything and have the power to create something which will act in a way you ca n't predict . 
  at that point , an omniscient but very nearly omnipotent god is responsible for all evil , as it had control of starting conditions and knowledge of the results for a given set of starting conditions . 
  predetermined and known futures proclude any meaningful choice . 
  thus that god is inherently evil , as he is punishing others for decisions that he effectively forced them to make . 
  omnipotent but not omniscient god is wilfully negligent to the point of being evil , since he could have made himself omniscient and checked the outcomes , but chose not to for his own amusement . 
  essentially , god is a poorly written character . 
  yeah . 
  it 's almost like the ` he actually was an incarnate form of god ' thing was tacked on to impress people later , and they did n't really think it through . 
  how 's the visa thing going ? 
  mate , never read the comments . 
  you should know this by now . 
  people who feel the need to comment on the bbc article are , by definition , the most arrogant people available . 
  [ this bloke is both calm and dressed as a policeman ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/64/uc_davis_pepper_spray_incident.jpg ) [ so are these guys ] ( https://improvingpolice.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/missouri-master1050.jpg ), 
  ' i may be able to create the earth in a week , but if we do n't get some campaigners out to assyria soon i do n't think we 're going to have the electoral college votes to swing this ', 
  the ` highest level ever ' of independence support from the original posts article . 
  they turn a profit on it . 
  these countries provide troops because the un reimburses militaries at $ 1332 per month for soldiers . 
  when your equivalent of a private pulls down $ 380 a year including deployment allowances ( as an indian soldier does ) , suddenly that looks like a good deal . 
  our troops are busy doing nato stuff , like sitting in estonia pulling faces at the russians , or training kurdish troops in iraq , or eliminating ebola from sierra leone ( ok , that was n't a nato mission , but gritrock is the sort of thing it 's worth pointing out since it involves military personnel putting their lives on the line just as much as in combat ) also , it 's important to note that there definitely are n't any sas troops fighting against isis in iraq or syria . 
  none at all . 
  simple answer : boots on the ground on un missions is something practically any military can provide , so militaries with less on their plate will do it more . 
  the dutch and irish militaries will have less commitments than the german or british . 
  the british army has 500 men deployed for rn in afghanistan , [ a bunch of deployments in africa ] ( http://britsinkenya.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/c1u3dqzxeaalbmo.jpg ) , 5 rifles heading the estonia efp battlegroup , 150 light cav troops in poland for their efp group , training troops and special forces in iraq , faklands protection and a bunch of garrisons around the world . 
  anyone can provide troops . 
  equipment , funding and expertise are more useful contributions from developed nations than people to hold guns , which even poor countries have loads of . 
  over a million scots voted for leave . 
  i do n't understand why they are constantly ignored . 
  if we 're going to drill down beyond the overall result , why would we then generalise ? 
  and in the judgement of our representatives , it 's a good idea to enact the referendum result . 
  even this ` highest level ever ' is less than 50 % . 
  that looks , or at least , will look in turkey , like heavy handed aggression . 
  this could n't have played into erdogan 's hands better . 
  heavily armed masked thugs dragging unarmed turks out of a diplomatic car and holding them at gunpoint . 
  this will do him more good than any rally you could organise . 
  i asked tarantino , and the answer is that he 's got no plans to make a movie about mohammed . 
  he does want to know if any of the criminals were female though . 
  well , either he gets attacked and proves a lot of his own points about the incompatibility of islam and free expression , or he does n't and helps normalise the idea that criticism of islam should not be met with violence and demonstrates that there is less to fear from muslims than some seem to think . 
  this works if you see christ as political and social activist , but not if you see him as the incarnation of a deity . 
  realpolitik and omnipotence are an odd mix . 
  sure , but that would mean scotland agreeing to the uk 's terms . 
  which would mean no access to the pound , a per-capita share of the debt and a bunch of other concessions . 
  they 're doing a great job of stopping all this money piling up . 
  could be a real danger otherwise . 
  the alternative being to do what blair did and dodge referenda in the hope that anti-eu sentiment would magically go away . 
  boy that worked out well .
