  other countries may also oppose that , but they never needed to stick their head over the parapet while the uk was there , because we were blocking stuff and they did n't need the aggro . 
  well , now we 've had enough . 
  if europe wants to federalise ( hell , look how well us federal government is working , and that 's relatively culturally homogenous . 
  ) , the uk 's best course of action is to get out of the way , and diversify our trade away so that when it goes wrong , we take less of a hit . 
  is n't that turkey ? 
  greece simply is n't going to recover to anything like its pre-crash position . 
  that position was n't a natural one . 
  they borrowed far beyond their means for years , so it 's unreasonable to expect them to return to a level of prosperity they never really achieved . 
  though i hate the tendency to compare national debt to household debt , if you take out a loan you ca n't afford in order to buy a lamborghini , you ca n't define ` owning a lamorghini ' as your point to expect to recover to, 
  you try eating it then . 
  i doubt it . 
  too long . 
  paki is short and ends on a hard sound . 
  makes for a good pejorative . 
  so still not bothering with a neutral chair then . 
  ah , shit , i think the brackets are screwing up the link , will edit . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i figured that was probably the case . 
  unfortunately the british ruined it in the 70s and 80s by using it as a racial slur . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paki_ ( slur ), 
  you never really can tell with trump , [ but this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-brexit-uk-front-queue-deal-agreement-trade-adviser-free-trade-tariffs-eu-referendum-a7351456.html ) and [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/17/exclusive-britain-will-front-queue-trade-deal-us-donald-trumps/ ) suggest they are prepared to do a deal . 
  ross ' comments about the opportunity were made well before trump won , and they do n't really suggest too much animosity towards the uk . 
  he was the vice chairman of the bank of cyprus , and he advised cyprus that now would be a great time to reduce bank regulation and give banks tax breaks . 
  ( i 'm fairly sure that he 'd have that opinion no matter what was going on . 
  a remain vote would have meant that cyprus really needed to cut regulations and taxes to compete with the uk , nuclear war would mean that banks were going to need lower taxes and less regulation to stay afloat and so on . ), 
  it 's actually supposed to be [ this bloke ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-38512901 ) , sir tim barrow , who was recently appointed uk ambassador to the eu . 
  you probably do n't want to use the term ` pakis ' to refer to pakistanis . 
  it has become a term of abuse over the years . 
  i assume you 're just using it as a convenient shorthand like afghans , but it has some much nastier connotations . 
  i know i do !, 
  though ireland was n't really a colony so much as a possession . 
  yeah , latex is decent for acetone , we do n't tend to have them in because of allergies . 
  we mostly just use nitrile , and acetone will go through those ( though we only really have them for powders and aqueous stuff , anything else you should be using butyl rubber or avoiding gloves altogether ), 
  do n't worry , i know we 're leaving the eu , and not all of us are white , but i promise we wo n't try to kill you with scimitars . 
  there are also lots of normal people who make a distinction between the letter of the law and morality . 
  pretty much anyone who ever used recreational drugs in the uk , for example . 
  yeah , in both cases you can see what they were aiming at , but they just got it so wrong ( they 're certainly not alone in doing so , the science ad always reminds me of the uk labour party 's attempt to connect with female voters by having a [ pink bus ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/80938000/jpg/_80938573_bus.jpg ) drive around . ), 
  the fact that they badly misuse the scientific glassware in the video is just adding insult to injury ( why are they connecting a gas line to the outlet of a separating funnel ? ) . 
  plus any chemist would n't be wearing fancy nail polish , on account of the fact that we use acetone to clean pretty much everything , so you 'd end up with nail polish all over your glassware , but not on your nails . 
  the implied message that the world is made up of aggressive racial stereotypes who want to hurt us and that the morally superior white people are the only ones who can turn them away from violence, 
  it was n't sufficiently precise to avoid all attempts at misinterpretation , certainly . 
  [ this one 's a classic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sywv9034km ) no idea how anyone thought that was a good idea . 
  though they also managed to produce a hilariously sexist ad to [ promote women in science ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zj--ffznguk ) both are rehosted after they were taken down when the commission 's sane person ( they have to hire one , diversity quotas ) got a look at it . 
  no , that 'd be way to direct and would be subject to the spending rules . 
  they have a hefty communications budget to spend anyway , 664 million euro in 2014 . 
  ( though that is spread across the whole eu ) . 
  even the uk government was n't stupid enough to fund the remain campaign directly , they ( the uk government ) put out a pro-remain leaflet and ad campaign outside the official campaigning period ( that cost more than the spending allowance for the whole remain campaign ) . 
  the eu will have carried on using its ` information ' spending rather than risking being associated with the official campaign . 
  if and when we get some figures on how that money was spent , we 'll be able to see if they stepped up spending in the uk towards the referendum or not . 
  well , the eu was the subject of that referendum , so it 'd fall into the same category as the lisbon treaty as i see it . 
  oh , i see the distinction you 're making . 
  i doubt the eu interferes in national referenda on other random issues . 
  certainly they did n't put stuff out about the av referendum here . 
  it goes down as ` information ' spending . 
  iirc ireland got a 16 page booklet in the national newspapers for the lisbon treaty . 
  i was looking over the commissions rules to check my information was accurate after his edit . 
  not sure how my taking 20 minutes to answer a post that requires a bit of research is supposed to invalidate any argument . 
  they can provide ` information ' during the referendum . 
  since ` information ' spending has included anything from weirdly racist propaganda ads to a comic book aimed at kids in the past , that 's pretty much campaigning . 
  they 're yet to release figures on information spending over the referendum period so we do n't know if they stepped up campaigning in the uk . 
  no , as i said , the only ones allowed to use eu money for propaganda are the eu . 
  i 'm not arguing that what ukip did was within the rules , but i 'd say they were pretty well justified in doing it from a moral standpoint . 
  the eu funds advertising ( though traditionally , since it 's government money , the correct term is ` propaganda ' ) for its favored position at national referenda . 
  all ukip did was provide a tiny bit of balance, 
  i guess only the eu can spend eu money on national referenda ? 
  is it ? 
  because i 'm the only one actually providing information . 
  you 've just made a pretty bold assertion , which is that every single forecast assumed immediate article 50 . 
  now , that 's a very absolute statement , for which you have n't actually provided the necessary evidence . 
  hell , i 've not actually seen any of them explicitly state that they expected a50 to be immediate . 
  the oecd were expecting negotiations to condclude in late 2018 , suggesting a late 2016 trigger at the earliest , but apart from that i 've not found any giving specific dates, 
  a lot of my experience of british cuisine comes from what i 've had at home , wheras a lot of my experience from other countries is from people who are professional chefs , which could colour my opinions . 
  exactly . 
  the uk has a grand tradition of arbitrarily drawing borders in such a way as to piss people off as much as possible ( see india/pakistan , israel ), 
  i think they 'd fit in well with essex , so that should n't be an issue . 
  spain can run itself , except for all the pretty coastal bits , which i suggest we give to portugal , which will operate as a subsidiary of thomas cook ltd. 
  who the fuck boils chicken ? 
  i think a lot of what i grew up with has to do with the fact my grandparents were all poor , and that my mum ( who did all the cooking ) learned from her mother who was widowed when my mum was 1 year old . 
  as such she learned a style of cooking designed to be very cheap and be either doable in a short time or by children ( since her mother had to work , state benefits being pretty negligible at the time ) . 
  lots of casseroles , stews and other things you cooked all day , lots of stuff like tripe or liver that could be gotten cheaply , and loads of cheap carbs . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what happens with countries like denmark that relied on us to block the federalists . 
  will they take up the burden of resisting the stupider pushes for centralization or just toe the line ? 
  it 'd make a fortune for the airports . 
  you just jack up the prices of any flight leaving about 8am on a friday ( it takes them an hour to sign in , sign straight back out and get to the airport ), 
  i vote we refuse to leave , get kicked out , sue them , then leave anyway , just for shits and giggles . 
  we have great food , we just ca n't cook it . 
  no thanks , the irelands are a package deal . 
  you have to take the carbombs if you want the leprechauns . 
  also , i suggest we give morroco to spain . 
  is there any way we can get the beer producing bits of belgium ? 
  you could have those bits of canada that are inexplicably convinced that they 're french . 
  you 've not had them as cooked by the generations born before ww2 . 
  they liked everything to be cooked until it was very , very safe to eat . 
  ok , here 's the deal . 
  scotland , you can have , if you want ireland you have to take both ( european institutions will go to newcastle instead ) , you get the netherlands and belgium and we get monaco . 
  uk also comes off very high because we subsidise far less than other countries . 
  germany pay 3x the subsidy we do per passenger mile . 
  essentially , the uk puts more of the cost on the people using the service , rather than the taxpayer . 
  subsidy per passenger km ( in euro ) denmark * : 0.29 sweden * : 0.26 belgium : 0.26 germany : 0.21 spain : 0.21 austria * : 0.20 italy :0.19 france : 0.15 netherlands : 0.15 poland * : 0.11 uk : 0.07 * 2008/2009 subsidy figures , a bit of a health warning since the passenger km data was from 2014 ireland figures excluded since they seem very odd ( they come in at 0.53 , but i think it includes local trams ) [ wiki source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_transport_in_europe#cite_note-2009railstudyreport-16 ), 
  makes sense , the subsidies are far lower here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_subsidies,
