  sure . 
  the uk will pay an amount that is less than the eu demanded , the eu will say it 's a win that they got that much and the uk will say they did well to talk them down so much . 
  it 's how most negotiations go . 
  or the eu will refuse to move on the numbers and we 'll leave with no deal , damaging both sides . 
  [ did i ever tell you what the definition of insanity is ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebdi0im2kcu ), 
  we do n't ` owe ' anything , in that we 're not legally required to pay anything . 
  we 'll probably agree to pay something in exchange for a trade deal . 
  france : make an effort at camo , but keep the turret clean . 
  nobody likes a dirty turret . 
  uk : paint it racing green , make sure we 've got enough teabags on board , and put the numberplate from a 60s jag on the front . 
  we 'll tell the border patrols that it 's a heavily refurbished e type usa - fuck it , use a net i guess . 
  oh , and do n't work too hard on the net . 
  really just cover the front . 
  that 'll do . 
  makes sense . 
  the system is n't really set up for it yet , and people seem to be having real trouble with filling in the current multi-purpose form correctly . 
  may as well wait until they get the agreement sorted and use the new system rather than fucking up a form and forcing the guardian to rehash the ` incompetence of person filling in form means government are evil ' story yet again . 
  it includes money for a hypothetical irish bailout . 
  i think even the eu officials would privately recoginize that they are just padding the bill with anything they can think of . 
  with a couple of caveats that seems reasonable ( prison time should n't count as residence , for example . 
  we should n't be in a position where someone who commits murder must either be deported and avoid punishment in the uk or get a right to permanent residence in the uk ), 
  sure , but when you 're already making massive spurious demands for money , adding smaller legitimate ones kind of loses its effect . 
  ` give me # 1000 or i break your legs . 
  oh , and by the way , have you got the fiver you owe me for the pizza last week ? ', 
  it 's easier to take the piss over beekeepers than address the actual issue . 
  yeah , add that to the large number that we 're going to continue to treat as a negotiating position rather than something we 're even slightly required to pay without getting something in return . 
  anyone else think it 's cheating a bit that 4 of the 8 maps are just maps of the result ? 
  at least stick in the angevin and chernobyl ones to pad it a bit . 
  so , you got any force that makes you immune to nukes yet ? 
  angevin empire : protecting the french from fascists and radiation . 
  sure , but that means that instead of going from work to my parents , i have to go from work to the shops , go home , unpack shopping and then go , and i ca n't have anything fresh that wo n't last a few days . 
  so i end up getting to my parents ' around 10 rather than around 8 , which means i ca n't have dinner with them . 
  i think you mean the [ halifax gibbet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/halifax_gibbet ) . 
  british invention , like everything else . 
  yeah , the belgian government is really a shining example to us all , on the rare occasion they actually form a government . 
  also , the snp would probably try to block it . 
  also , hms belfast . 
  well worth a visit if you 're ever in london . 
  good to see you 're finally getting around to doing something about those . 
  you lot put your flag on a lot of bits of europe over the years . 
  we took it off again . 
  nope . 
  treaty of utrecht says it 's ours and the people who live there say it 's ours . 
  ` the continent ', 
  just because you put your towel on it , does n't make it yours . 
  yep . 
  he 's made a great start . 
  still , i think he 's eventually going to hit a point of diminishing returns when he drops their vote share to about 20 % . 
  after that , it 's going to be really tough for him to make the party even less popular . 
  perhaps he can have his shadow chancellor quote another mass murderer at the dispatch box . 
  no use if you 're driving home from somewhere 3 or 4 hours away , unless you want to miss sunday lunch . 
  fucking over the english is a scottish issue according to the snp, 
  sure , but , to give an example , i sometimes go to visit my parents at the weekend . 
  that means that if i want to get any food in for the following week , something i 'd normally do at a weekend , i need to either leave my parents ' house by midday on sunday or let my food sit in a car with no air con for 3 hours as i drive back . 
  either way , it 's fucking annoying . 
  it would be similar for england . 
  [ unfortunately , the bill was blocked by , amongst others , the snp , who decided that the sunday trading laws of england and wales were a scottish issue . 
  ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2016-03-08/why-has-the-snp-decided-to-veto-sunday-trading-law-changes/ ) my guess is that they 're making the case for independence by being cunts until the rest of the country just wants them gone . 
  [ yeah . 
  may 's gon na have no mandate at all soon ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/855871512510963712 ), 
  we took them with us . 
  malta used to be ours , gibraltar still is , and as for constantinople , deus gon na vult . 
  jersey is the one with all the cows , guernsey also exists . 
  or rather , sweden may enjoy some access to 5 eyes cyberwarfare operations where members consider their involvement useful . 
  not really the same thing as having a full membership . 
  the real kicker is that , at the moment , we 're subsidizing their government . 
  so the scottish are using english money to give free places to eu students while charging for english students . 
  the barnett formula really does need to be scrapped . 
  i doubt we 'll block foreign students . 
  too much money in it . 
  when you have 7 of the top 10 unis in europe , it makes sense to make education an export . 
  the main difference will be that eu students will be paying the same as other overseas students , so i guess there 'll be fewer of them and more from other bits of the world . 
  we get to sell a bunch of places that would otherwise go for upwards of # 20k to chinese students for # 9k apiece to eu students . 
  boy how lucky we are . 
  scottish universities are only free for residents of scotland and eu citizens . 
  if you live in the rest of the uk , you pay the same for scottish unis as you would for english ones . 
  it 's also worth noting that , contrary to what one might expect , scotland has the worst disparity between rich and poor students going to uni of any of the uk countries , because the way that fees are charged in the rest of the uk ( loans repayable only when you 're earning over # 21k after graduation , and then only as a percentage of earnings above # 21k ) means that they do n't really act as a barrier to entry , while the ability to afford accomodation and living expenses does ( as part of the # 9k fees change , universities in england were required to improve the bursaries for poor students ), 
  russia is nothing like north korea . 
  north korea has n't tried to invade anyone for over half a century . 
  have you been to london ? 
  there 's not really a ` they ' and nobody 's particularly nice . 
  yeah , it was the bit where , after belgium declined passage , the germans decided to go through anyway that sort of tied our hands there . 
  remaining neutral at that point was n't really an option ( it would be a massive show of weakness , and risk us ending up fighting alone against a german empire that had already beaten france , which is no fun at all ), 
   i think the british people understand that now and understand the eu will punish them for leaving . 
  you really do n't understand the uk , do you . 
  this is n't a reason why we 'd stay . 
  this is a reason we 'd vote to leave . 
  we have no interest in being part of a cult , and if the eu wants to threaten us , good luck . 
  we 've been dealing with threats from the continent for centuries , and the eu will have gone the way of napoleon 's continental system long before we give a fucking inch to people who try to threaten us . 
  nope . 
  just little bits nearby it . 
  the problem , of course , is that every time they do , new bits become nearby . 
  yeah , but are n't you worried that they 'll cut off the tinfoil supplies and send your hatmakers bust ? 
  [ you just ordered 1000 litres of milk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing all the countries who are n't keen on the charge towards federalism suddenly have to put their own heads over the parapet instead of letting the uk veto that stuff . 
  my bets are on the danes and hungarians becoming the new pains in the ass . 
  [ well , there 's a fair few people in marsailles currently not occupying morgue drawers because of the ` nothing of value ' uk intelligence services contribute ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/18/french-intelligence-foils-imminent-terror-attack-five-days-presidential/ ), 
  [ our perfidiousness and treachery stopped 2 nutters in marseilles from murdering a whole lot of people recently . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/18/french-intelligence-foils-imminent-terror-attack-five-days-presidential/ ) maybe one day your country will be worth someone 's while to attack , and you 'll be glad of our help .
