  it 's still unnecessary . 
  the point of giving the kids milk was to combat malnourishment among poor kids . 
  poor kids , by and large , are n't short of what milk is providing any more . 
  if we 're going to give kids a snack at school now , it needs to be fruit or veg , since where poor kids used to simply not get enough food , now they just get cheap shitty processed food ( hence why obesity is a much bigger issue than malnourishment ), 
  nevertheless , giving children who are already more likely to be overweight than under a 300 calorie drink every day does n't seem like a great move . 
  clearly not nearly as many ( in that you ca n't have more than 133 ) . 
  the east of england ( population 5.84 million ) has more breweries than all of poland . 
  or loads of small breweries producing a huge variety of craft ales as opposed to a few massive factories pumping out thousands of gallons of shitty lager . 
  i love our brewery culture . 
  i go on a pub crawl every christmas in a different city , and i always manage to drink a beer i 've never had before in every pub, 
  well , i hate to break it to you but illegal immigrants do n't actually tend to pay much tax . 
  they have the right to be educated in the country they came from . 
  we should do all we can to ensure they exercise it . 
  yeah , if only more poor kids had something high in fat to drink . 
  that 'd solve all our problems . 
  i think her solution is to deport the illegal immigrants rather than giving them school places . 
  the problem with accountability is that it 's pretty all or nothing . 
  `` i am totally honest and transparent with my voters , except in these meetings '' is n't a great pitch . 
  all it means is that you 're getting all the dodgy stuff done in those meetings . 
  as with council meetings , there is no reason for secrecy that does n't boil down to stopping the people that are supposed to be represented from knowing when their representative is screwing them . 
  the ` entire process ' apparently does n't include the secret debates . 
  an unfavorable way to look at the trilouges would be to say that they allow meps to act against the interests of the people they represent with no risk of those people finding out . 
  because that 's what secret meetings in a democracy do . 
  in fact , barring concerns for the security of the nation ( not a problem in the eu ) , that is all that secret meetings in a democracy do . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  it 's pretty much all a complaint about the closed doors , sealed records trilouge meetings between meps , commissioners and representatives of council members which are held to hash out deals before legislation gets to be debated in the parliament . 
  essentially , the legislation is agreed upon behind closed doors , then a show debate is held in the ep for the benefit of the public . 
  unfortunately , the elections are pretty meaningless if the trilouges prevent the public from knowing what their meps have been doing . 
  i support both , subject to referenda ( ideally ones where we actually do send observers and make sure they 're done properly rather than pretending that a constitution can overrule a population 's right to self determination ), 
  i guess so yeah . 
  again , i 'd note the emphasis placed on education in your admission criteria . 
  if you selectively bring in highly educated migrants , you can expect their kids to perform better because their parents will value education . 
  meanwhile , many canadian parents would n't pass the immigration requirements . 
  what are you saying ` nah ' to , exactly ? 
  the quote from their own website as to what their policies are . 
  they support eu membership . 
  they 're currently not pushing for it because the polls say they 'd lose by an extremely damaging margin ( over 80 % of norwegians oppose joining from the last one i saw ) , but that does n't mean they do n't support it . 
  last i can find figures , the uk was out spending germany over there by quite a long way . 
  iirc we 're the 2nd or 3rd biggest contributors , depending on whether you count the european commission as a separate entity or split up its contributions based on where they came from . 
  i think that you 're confused by my point . 
  germany is spending its resources on helping those who make it to germany ( which , incidentally , encourages extremely dangerous journeys which kill a lot of people ) , while the uk is spending its resources in lebanon , syria and turkey , where the same amount of money helps far more people ( up to 250 times as many people for the same money depending on whose numbers you use ) so no matter how much germany spends on helping the people in germany , it will never even approach helping as many people as the money the uk sends to the camps in north africa . 
  someone better tell them to take this sentence out of the policy section of their website then : [ working to strengthen integration in europe and norwegian membership of the eu . 
  a norwegian membership of the eu will further strengthen our security in the long term ] ( https://hoyre.no/politikk/temaer/utenriks-og-forsvar/utenrikspolitikk/ ) it 's a bit embarrassing that you pay so little attention to your own country 's politics that you do n't know the major parties ' positions . 
  perhaps you should n't compound the embarrassment by shooting your mouth off without a cursory google to check . 
  they support eu membership , which is a position they share with a minority of norwegians . 
  actually , what he pointed out was that the secession could have been legal , but was n't . 
  have the mafia let them finish that motorway yet ? 
  the germans did the thing that would allow them to demonstrate how much they care . 
  the uk just focused on what would actually help the most people . 
  not really , we fund the camps on the side of the med the refugees are less likely to drown trying to reach . 
  not our fault you 're engaging in petty moralism instead of finding efficient ways to actually help large numbers of people . 
  so presumably they 're all dead then , since it was too dangerous to stay put, 
  it 's also not like the refugees might harbor a grudge against israel . 
  it 's been about a decade since syria last helped out in a war against israel . 
  only 1 israeli civilian has been killed by syrian forces and 4 israeli soldiers wounded in the last few years . 
  which is , if anything , better . 
  germany takes in 150k refugees and they 're saints . 
  meanwhile the uk funds camps housing millions and we 're bastards just because we do n't make them cross the med and slog across europe to get help ? 
  yeah , the one where they invited international observers , but we refused to send any since the ukrainian constitution does n't allow them to secede without the permission of the whole of ukraine ( which , if that logic had been applied consistently , would have required us not to recognise ukraine 's secession from the ussr ), 
  that is a weirdly conversational tone for a wikipedia article . 
  the point that ukraine seceeded from the ussr without regard to the constitution of the ussr and is now expecting crimea not to do the same thing relative to ukraine is a fun one though . 
  i did n't attempt whataboutism and never mentioned kosovo . 
  i think you 're projecting a bit . 
  russia invited international observers , and the international community refused to send them , so we do n't know if it was a sham or not . 
  that 's the problem with refusing to observe . 
  you have a very selective immigration policy and a lot of your immigrants are either from the middle classes of china and india , who will be keen on education since they are from a cultural backgrounds which value it highly or from 1st world countries ( eu15 + usa makes up over a quarter of immigrants in canada ) the canadian immigration system seems to also put way more emphasis on education than anything else . 
  it 's less that they disregard the opposite sex based on cultural attitudes , and more that they come to disregard them based on censure of things they feel are reasonable . 
  if you constantly tell a kid off for stuff that 's just normal to them , eventually they 're going to stop listening . 
  tell a kid that even mildly rough games are too dangerous , all you do is teach them that your tolerance for danger is , to them , absurdly low and that you should be circumvented . 
  so basically , as long as we continue to ignore the referenda and refuse to send observers when the russians invite them , we can ignore the fact that crimea is part of russia ? 
  essentially the ` lalalala ca n't hear you ' approach . 
  hooray for barely distinguishable colour gradients . 
  well , a little bit like they describe it working in [ this document ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/441957/employers_guide_to_acceptable_right_to_work_documents_v5.pdf ) spoilers : you need one of a bunch of documents depending on where you 're from . 
  uk citizens can use a passport , naturalisation certificate , adoption certificate or birth certificate eea passports and national identity cards are currently acceptable , but wo n't be post-brexit , since eea citizens will no longer have automatic right to work in the uk . 
  so we need a new form of id for ` eea immigrant pre-brexit ' who will have the right to work , separate from the biometric residence permits which will presumably be issued to eea immigrants post brexit as they come in through the same system the rest of the world currently uses . 
  well , the bit where they need to prove their identity to work or rent a house will probably do it . 
  having your own currency gives a lot more control over your economy . 
  it also gives you a get-out clause on all your debts if default becomes unavoidable ( ` oh , sorry , we owe you # 1tn ? , well here 's a # 1tn note . 
  it 's worth exactly 10 new pounds ' ) . 
  see argentina for why you never borrow in a currency you do n't control . 
  because there 's more than just the 5 year requirement for citizenship , and by your own numbers 750,000 of them do n't even meet that one . 
  so we create a status which formalises the retention of their current rights , and any that want citizenship can apply for it as normal . 
  no , they 've decided they 're at a point where the numbers are too high , but that it 'd be impractical to actually deport people . 
  imagine you 're on a night out and you 've had 8 or 9 pints . 
  you realise you 're a bit drunker than you 'd like to be . 
  the general response is to stop drinking , but not to begin using a machine to filter the alcohol from your blood , since the latter option is a massive hassle and will probably do more harm than good, 
  why would n't they be allowed citizenship ? 
  they 'd just have to meet the normal requirements of 5 years residency and good character and pass the tests . 
  of course they will . 
  if we 're to differentiate between post-brexit immigrants from the eu and those who arrived beforehand ( who will presumably have indefinite leave to remain and the right to work ) there will need to be some document to confirm the latter status . 
  otherwise anyone with an eu passport could claim the right to work by throwing away their visa . 
  worth noting that norway 's governing party is way more pro-eu than norway is . 
  i think the idea is that she pushed the ukraine into war , but then did n't back them up . 
  the maidan people seemed to see themselves as fighting for the eu against russia , and feel betrayed that the eu is leaving them to do all the fighting . 
  there 's a difference between being near the euro in value and being pegged to it in an erm style deal . 
  the latter has repeatedly shown itself to be a terrible idea . 
  or more accurately , i use cash and coins at the start of a night out , then just cash because i 'm too drunk to be arsed counting change out , and i end up with a tonne of pocket change knocking around . 
  they were explicitly calling for people of african descent to be deported . 
  the problem being that if you make it impossible for people to openly express an opinion that they have , they never get the debate needed to show why it is wrong . 
  a few years back the leader of the bnp , a far-right uk party , was allowed on the bbc show question time ( the show is a bit of a fixture of political debate here ) .
