  yeah , they 'll need to get brexit out of the way quickly if they 're going to have time to raise the cash to bail out scotland . 
  has it ? 
  i 'd have expected more of a swing in the independence polling if that were the case . 
  yeah . 
  in theory they should also try to unite their party , effectively govern or oppose the government and gain the support of voters . 
  corbyn is trying a a new form of leadership based on doing the exact opposite of all those things . 
  they 're not allowed to dictate drinking ages , so they find a workaround . 
  it 's not unconstiutional , in the same way that tax avoidance is n't illegal . 
  it 's a technically legal subversion of the law 's intent . 
  actually , yeah , that 's a great example of using unrelated powers to overreach your constitutional authority . 
  well , france is the most pertinent , since it 's next to us , but also italy , which i understand to be the main point of entry for illegal migrants . 
  the schengen border area . 
  well , they 've made it right to the edge of schengen nearest to the uk , so you can see why we do n't have much faith in schengen 's ability to stop them . 
  weird that there 's such massive camps then . 
  are they all just queuing up for the internet jittery ? 
  [ how many of this lot have visas ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/polopoly_fs/1.2393491.1444989059!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/box_620_330/image.jpg ) under schengen , if any of them showed a passport at the ferry terminal , they 'd be into the uk , no questions allowed . 
  we 've never had a good reason to do so . 
  it would n't offer the easy access that land border countries have , and it 'd take away our ability to properly police our borders . 
  then benefits never outweighed the downsides . 
  that is poland using its voting power . 
  they oppose the conclusion , because they oppose tusk being on it . 
  as such it would be irresponsible and undemocratic to vote for something you do n't believe in . 
  yeah , that 's not how politics works . 
  ever wondered why , if only old people have been voting tory for decades now , they still get votes ? 
  people tend to move away from big government solving all their problems as they grow up . 
  mostly because they realise that the government is n't a supreme entity with all the solutions , it 's a bunch of people not much smarter than them desperately trying to get through the day without fucking up too badly . 
  no , because control of monetary policy is more important than being able to go abroad without changing your money . 
  it 'd be nice if ireland had fought the nazis . 
  i guess a passive foreign policy is n't always the best thing . 
  you do n't need to forsee this particular terror wave , you need to consider the idea of terrorism in general . 
  the uk has had enough terrorism over the years that we did so . 
  the essential question is ` does the euro provide benefits which outweigh the loss of control over monetary policy ' . 
  i ca n't see that it does . 
  no , we 're scared of illegal immigrants showing an eritrean or afghan or somali passport and claiming to be on holiday, 
  because border checks are useful to us . 
  you would n't be keen on opening your borders if you 'd had [ this ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/1127928/stream_img.jpg ) on your doorstep for well over a decade . 
  even if it was illegal to burn euro bills in eurozone countries , i do n't know of any country that bans burning other countries ' money . 
  londoners . 
  sure , but ` vote how we tell you to vote or we cut the money off ' is n't acceptable . 
  either the eu is a democratic partnership in which case poland is free to refuse to sign of things it disagrees with , or it a colonial project where the richer countries dictate to the poorer ones in exchange for money , in which case a lot of time and money could be saved by ceasing to invite net recipient countries to the meetings , since they 're going to be treated as bought and paid for property by the richer countries anyway . 
  council of europe , not the european council . 
  ( splitters ! ), 
  except that your spending is greater than your tax intake by about 9.5 % of gdp . 
  sure , that may be worse for wales or the north east ( i doubt they spend as much though ) , but those places are n't planning to try being independent . 
  that is an awful moustache . 
  since , by your previous statement , arguing in different directions on leaving the eu and uk is apparently incredibly hypocritical , i guess that makes the pro-eu , anti-uk snp a bunch of incredible hypocrites . 
  hs2 does n't figure in spending counted for scotland , since it 's a regionally identifiable project . 
  trident would go , but that 's not really going to make a huge dent and would cost jobs in scotland unless you paid out to replace them . 
  just ask scotland . 
  scotland spends far more than it brings in in taxes . 
  so either it 's raising taxes massively or making big cuts . 
  neither is a great way to encourage job growth . 
  they 'd be leaving a market that 's over twice as important to scottish gdp as the eu is to uk gdp and even if they sorted uk trade out , they 'd be exiting into a very unfavourable economic situation as they try to deal with a massive deficit , either by raising taxes or cutting spending , both of which would pull money out of the scottish economy , while they also have to float a new currency or deal with all of this without any monetary policy control , since neither the pound nor euro would offer an independent scotland control of monetary policy . 
  to be fair , the eu does have a long history of straightforwardly ignoring the treaties if major members do n't like what they say ( see the first greek bailout , which was explicitly illegal per the lisbon treaty ), 
  the uk will be out of the eu before scotland formally leaves the uk though . 
  the oil crash happened post referendum . 
  the snp were campaigning with spending based on $ 130 a barrel . 
  almost as hypocritical as a pro-eu party arguing to leave the uk . 
  how are the pro-eu snp going to argue that it 's better to leave ? 
  i believe those are medians, 
  not really . 
  scotland voted to stay in a democracy . 
  that means that sometimes people are going to vote for stuff you do n't want . 
  gee , it 's like they knew there was a vote on that coming up . 
  nah , they 're still in the euro , they have n't learned . 
  holy shit greece . 
  also , i was kind of expecting us to be second . 
  i guess rent controls are n't the easy fix that our left wingers seem to think they are . 
  exactly . 
  that was 5 % of the uk vote . 
  so she 's objecting to the result based on 5 % disagreeing , because she considers them special . 
  would she accept that scotland should stay in the uk after a vote for independence if the leader of the orkney islands council demanded that she respect the orkney vote to stay in the uk ? 
  hey look , it 's my 2nd guess . 
  where does it say that , and i quote you here : ` staying in the uk meant a guaranteed stay in the eu ' ? 
  wheras scotland is a great team player . 
  that 's why they are threatening to quit the union because they did n't get their way . 
  we elect a tory government for the first time in over a decade , scotland demands a referendum because they do n't like it . 
  we give them a referendum , they vote to stay and as soon as they disagree with a national vote it 's back to threatening to leave . 
  i 'm bored of it . 
  leave or stay . 
  but if you stay , understand that you 're staying in a democracy where all people are equal and we do n't let 5 % of the population dictate to everyone else just because they throw a fit . 
  yeah , but that 's a lot of work and the point that india 's average wage is way smaller wo n't change . 
  the comparison was mostly meant to highlight that the average wage in india is shit . 
  i can ppp adjust it if you like , but it 'll still be shit . 
  i 'm not . 
  sturgeon 's objections are based on scottish voters , not the remain vote as a whole . 
  ok , let 's make the scenario clearer . 
  would you rather live in the usa on a salary of $ 51,939 per year , the uk on # 27k ( $ 33k ) or india on 220,000 rupees ( $ 3271 ) a year , these being the average incomes in each country . 
  i 've already suggested a simple policy to deal with this . 
  every time scotland holds a referendum , it should pay for all of the costs associated with that referendum out of barnett consequentials . 
  the full amount should then be deducted from all future years barnett payments , since it was clearly surplus to requirements . 
  the more pointless referenda they have , the less money they get . 
  eventually , the scottish people will either vote in a government with more sense , or their government will run out of money . 
  no it was n't . 
  find any official no campaign literature that says it guarantees remaining . 
  my guess is you 'll either ignore this , or come back with something that says that a yes vote means leaving , which is n't the same thing . 
  basically , she 's saying that leaving is wrong because 5 % of the voters ( scottish remain voters ) opposed doing so . 
  would she hold her own referendum to the same standards ? 
  while shaving . 
  not just an eu army .
