  the money is paid over when those projects actually happen , but the eu has slated a huge amount of stuff that it has n't even started yet that it still wants us to pay for . 
  there 's also the reste a liquider , which is the notional commitments the eu requires that it does n't actually have to spend within the budget period . 
  they can slate that money for projects decades down the line . 
  it 's not . 
  some of it is that , some of it is conditional liabilities that the eu is trying to pass off as direct liabilities ( eg . 
  a good chunk of that is what we would pay if ireland needed to be bailed out . 
  no fucking way we 're handing that money over to the eu up front just in case ireland ever needs it . 
  likewise , a bunch of eib loans have a share of the default risk apportioned to the uk ( if the countries/businesses go bust , we pay off some of the value of the debt ) . 
  again , we 're never going to pay those upfront just in case . 
  there 's also the ral , which is the money the eu has notionally required us to pay , just as soon as they figure out what they 're going to spend it on , which we 'll probably end up paying , but which nobody ever counted on our net contributions . 
  so it turns out that while we were n't sending # 350m a week to the eu , we were promising about that , since the ral stood at 3.3 bn euro in 2011 and will allegedly reach around 30m euro by 2020 , about an extra 3bn euro a year on top of our payments of # 13bn brings us to around # 300m a week after the rebate, 
  completing the budget to 2020 is n't unreasonable . 
  that 's not the 60bn though ( the 60bn includes various bullshit like a hypothetical bailout of ireland and every country and business the eib gave a loan to suddenly defaulting ) paying our contributions up to 2020 , less the compensation for a historical-contribution based share of all eu assets , is a reasonable deal . 
  well , there 's a variety of things in it , some legitimate ( eg . 
  pensions for uk nationals who worked for the eu ) , some debatable ( eg . 
  payments for stuff the eu wo n't start actually doing until after we 've left ) and some is a clear example of trying to inflate the figure ( eg . 
  the uk 's contribution to a hypothetical irish bailout , which , even if we joined in such a bailout after leaving , certainly would n't be paid upfront to the eu in 2019 for them to hold on to in case ireland ever needed it ), 
  uk runs about 13 % foreign born at the moment ( possibly more , the passenger survey does n't really tally well with other figures ) . 
  it 's about 14.7 % for england , 6.9 % for scotland , 6.2 % for wales and 6.8 % for ni . 
  that probably goes some way to explaining why england is more concerned about immigration than the rest of the country . 
  ` if you try to push for too many concessions , we might walk away from the table ' says anyone involved in any negotiation ever . 
  i hate to ruin your theory , but [ educational attainment is lower amongst white british students than among most other ethnic groups , and when you compare poor white british kids to poor kids from other backgrounds , the poor white british kids do worse than any minority group ( pdf warning ) ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/439867/rr439b-ethnic_minorities_and_attainment_the_effects_of_poverty_annex.pdf.pdf ), 
  collect the data , then argue the interpretation . 
  do n't pretend the facts do n't exist because you do n't want to have to defend your interpretation . 
  that is a word , if you take the dots out . 
  only 52 % ? 
  shit , better have another vote . 
  are we sure the meps were n't misinformed ? 
  so , yes . 
  data , in and of itself , can not be racist . 
  facts are either accurate or inaccurate . 
  refusal to collect information does n't make you a better person , just a more ignorant one . 
  so did the manhattan project . 
  also falcificate is n't a word , so it 'd be bloody difficult for putin to do that . 
  to be fair , a lot of the nz ones are recycled jokes about the welsh . 
  the main difference is that nz replaced male voice choirs with shouting and occasionally wins at rugby . 
  what would happen to all the one-man companies , which make up a sizeable chunk of this list ? 
  are they no longer allowed to work for themselves ? 
  is one bloke going to be put under control of a government administrator because he screwed up his maths ? 
  a bunch of these are one man companies who fucked up their maths and did n't pay themselves enough to meet the miniumum, 
   rapey sheep not to be confused with ` rapey sheepy ' new zealand 's unofficial national sport . 
  my guess is that the migrant route from the med to calais and dunkirk does n't pass their way . 
  if we can get hs4 going we could turn all those empty states into london commuter housing . 
  because when america got invaded by britain , they had the good sense to get colonized . 
  the europeans kept trying to run their own countries . 
  i like it . 
  the fingers-in-ears , loud humming , eyes closed approach to policing . 
  if we pretend there is no problem , maybe the problem will go away . 
  we could prevent skilled workers from coming in from the rest of the world in order to balance out the number of eu citizens coming over to do minimum wage work , but why the fuck would we ? 
  i do realise that . 
  the problem is that when you get rapid migration , what you end up with is people living on a street where everyone else is an immigrant , usually from the same country they are from , working in a job where almost everyone else is an immigrant , socializing separately and shopping at a supermarket run by immigrants for immigrants . 
  the result is a parallel society , where there is little interaction between the native population and the immigrant population . 
  suddenly , you have groups with no real understanding or links occupying the same space , and that creates tensions . 
  whole areas become ` the romanian area ' or ` the hindu area ' or whatever identity the immigration happens to be based around , and it is nearly impossible to re-integrate them . 
  i grew up in leicester , which is a few decades down the line of the mass immigration problem . 
  [ here 's a report on the diversity of leicester ] ( http://www.publicspirit.org.uk/assets/leicesterdiversityofleicester.pdf ) if you look at the maps on pages 8,9 and 13 , you 'll see what ` diversity ' in this case means . 
  a bunch of monocultural enclaves . 
  a city where you can tell someone 's ethncity and religion by their address with near perfect accuracy . 
  i know that if you live in ratby , odds are that you 're white british , and if you live on harrison road , you are most likely an indian hindu . 
  if you go to brookvale , odds are you 're white , if you go to soar valley , odds are you 're asian . 
  that 's not healthy . 
  really any rapid mass immigration from a poorer country is going to be a problem . 
  if you 've got a town like boston which has gone from less than 1 % foreign born to over 18 % foreign born in a little over a decade , there 's going to be tensions , especially because [ the immigrant communities visibly do n't integrate ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/cc5b/production/_89651325_gettyimages-162336691.jpg ) ( it has also now got the highest murder rate in the uk ) . 
  boston , incidentally , had one of the strongest ` leave ' votes in the country , and there 's a good correlation between rapid demographic change and the leave vote . 
  technically , so is the uk . 
  well , it 's a country where they excecute people who have the same religious beliefs as me and there is n't any sort of ongoing open rebellion , so i guess there 's a significant percentage of dangerous assholes in the population . 
  i never said they could n't . 
  they 're totally free to be a propaganda vehicle rather than a newspaper , just as i 'm free to criticize that choice . 
  the graun , for all it 's opinon pages are bollocks and it has a clear operating bias , is worth keeping around for the bits it does . 
  the indy was a great paper , but sat too much down the middle to get the sort of following the guardian or times did , and so died . 
  independent.co.uk is basically the newspaper equivalent of a zombie . 
  it looks like the thing it used to be , but there 's no intelligence left . 
  the reason the concerns related to gmos are based on future consqeuences is because there are provably no short term consequences . 
  when there 's a 10 year study the anti-gmo lot demand a 20 year one . 
  after 20 years they 'll want 50 . 
  after 50 years we 'll need to see the effects over 70 and after 70 hopefully the whole lot of them will have starved to death because they did n't want to eat the drought resistant grain . 
  fuck me , the national is pathetic . 
  between this and their ` enemy of the people ' shit after the vote , they seem to be aiming for the title of ` tartan daily mail ', 
  we were n't isolated from them , we were tied to their economies and still are . 
  also , how long do we wait ? 
  because by all indications , the options were ` leave or wait 40 more years ', 
  not short term , no . 
  though of course , the standard we 'll be compared to is a hypothetical golden future where there was never another recession and the eu did exactly what we wanted it to , so determining whether we 're better off in the long run will be nigh impossible . 
  it 's not like a strong pm could have stopped her . 
  what do you threaten sturgeon with . 
  any moves to hurt scotland would be privately welcomed by the snp since they 'd make fantastic campaign materials . 
  the only thing westminster can do is ignore her . 
  which they will continue doing . 
  odd how we knew what it 'd look like when it was convenient to the independence movement , but now it 's become obvious to any rational observer that scotland simply does n't have the income to support its public spending , the whole thing is suddenly unknowable and impossible to predict . 
  yeah , we can do a decent estimate . 
  independence will not make the cost of the scottish nhs significantly different , nor will it drastically increase global oil prices , or change the number of pensioners or children . 
  even with the drastic military cuts the snp seem keen on , their white paper had them needing $ 130 a barrel for oil to break even . 
  so whether you use current spending or what the snp reckoned they 'd do , scotland on its own would be very short on income, 
  we can reasonably assume so , since he worked with the portuguese for some time and was noted for learning the local language when campaigning in india . 
  it follows that he 'd endeavour to learn some portuguese . 
  scotland had regionally identifiable spending and income , so we can work out a notional deficit . 
  not so much , no . 
  the second u was n't actually added until 1857 , after it was captured in a raid on an american shipment of the word colour . 
  and the winning model for the effects of the brexit vote is : the null model , with ` gdp growth will be the same as last year ' . 
  we 'd like to thank all the economists out there for their entries , and invite them to submit a paragraph each on why economics is totally a science , and why anyone should listen to their forecasts .
