  but most of all it 's a policy that is not designed to solve a problem . 
  it 's a policy designed to show how seriously the government takes the issue . 
  like many climate policies , it 's about signalling to voters that you 're taking them seriously rather than actually getting shit done . 
  those policies tend to be awful . 
  oh god no . 
  that was a huge mistake . 
  no idea whose idea that was , but they need to have a serious sit down and think about their choices . 
  preferably in the middle of the m1 . 
  this has been the case for the last 6 years . 
  cameron promised to reduce net migration to ` the tens of thousands ' in 2010 . 
  given that our eu only net migration is well over 100k per year , it was always an unachieveable goal , but it 's what people wanted . 
  since then , immigration policy has been a shitshow of ever tighter and less sensible constraints on non-eu migrants while eu migration continued to rise . 
  the essential difference is , scotland is n't economically viable now . 
  it 's being constantly bailed out by ruk . 
  so they 'd have to increase their income significantly while leaving to be viable . 
  the uk is viable now , and could accept a break even or even a modest decrease in income over a brexit without being in serious trouble . 
  well , we kind of see ni as our fault . 
  we 're effectively cleaning up after a mess britain made . 
  in the eu , we 're cleaning up after messes that the rest of europe not only made , but unrepentantly continues to make . 
  i mean , if ni offered to secede and go take some other country 's money , or better yet pay its own way , i would n't stand in its way , but that 's not the ruk 's decision really . 
  i 'd suggest we stayed to teach the germans how humour and satire are supposed to work , but i think we should just cut our losses at this point, 
  this is what happens when you have immigration at a much higher rate than the population want , but take the control of that immigration away from the elected officials . 
  you get stupid policies designed to appease the public rather than fix the problem . 
  [ the bullet farmer !, 
  ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/roadwarrior/images/c/c2/the_bullet_farmer.png/revision/latest?cb=20150722123118 ), 
  there 's something weird about the idea of using a sextant in a nuclear war, 
  also , we could fire without perfect gps . 
  nukes are n't exactly precise anyway , what 's a mile or two either way ? 
  so , to be clear , they could degrade our capacity over time and get rid of our targeting if they reacted in time , but the missiles would still work provided we fired before the us knew about it there 's nothing they could do about it, 
  that 's a myth . 
  there 's no requirement for us permission to fire trident, 
  all 's fair in love and war . 
  as soon as the karel doorman learns to withstand nukes . 
  we have trident . 
  ` do n't worry people , the royal navy are here ' ` hurray , it 's the british . 
  we need those type 45s badly ' ` no , the royal netherlands navy ' ` shit . 
  ok , what do you have ? ', 
  ' a frigate ' ` great , is the destroyer we can see an escort ? ', 
  ` that is the frigate . 
  destroyer sounds too nasty ' ` fuck ', 
  cats + traps vs v/stol was debated pretty endlessly and we went back and forth on it . 
  the budget also nearly doubled over that period of fuckery aboutery . 
  there 's a bunch of cool tech on board . 
  they nicked ideas on automation for munitions pallets and such from amazon warehouses . 
  worst case , shut the tunnel . 
  we sold our eurostar shares . 
  plus they keep running off of cliffs . 
  yeah , they have more ships and subs , but a lot are well out of date . 
  until we get carriers back , we 're not as powerful as we should be . 
  it does n't help that the government is actively suppressing info that they think might not support their position . 
  hooray for the eu 's policy of delaying policies harmful to its members until after referenda . 
  just a huge middle finger to the voters . 
  it 's all right as long as we can spell ` pound ', 
  which still does n't provide the expert scrutiny of the lords, 
  hell , at least you only suspect your government of withholding info . 
  the uk government has flatly refused to publish info that would give an accurate picture of immigration numbers because it 's ` unhelpful ', 
  elected officials would inevitably be politicians , not the legal and technical experts an upper house should be made up of . 
  i personally prefer the idea of having ` lords technical ' elected on 10 year maximum terms by professional bodies like the royal societies and major unions, 
  if the hol set the legislative agenda and decided what the commons voted on , it 'd be comparable . 
  the eu has an elected body able to vote only on the proposals of an unelected one , whereas the uk has an unelected body capable of delaying the decisions of an elected one, 
  except damaging uk trade with the eu just hurts both parties . 
  got a source on any of these figures ? 
  those would be rates of ~ 7.5 % , ~ 11 % and ~ 22 % . 
  pretty absurd . 
  the average with the usa is less than 3 % . 
  huh . 
  i think it 's your choice to call anyone who disagrees with you a bigot that has won me over . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  ooh , have i got an alt ? 
  i 'd love to meet them, 
  less than our current net contribution to the eu, 
  no , but it 'll keep them to low tariffs at worst, 
  nah , it 's got its own mythology and beliefs . 
  it 's more like scientology than a simple protection racket . 
  ends with the wto bitch-slapping germany and telling them to grow up . 
  sorry , we 're not as inclined as other countries to be dictated to . 
  less practice i guess . 
  nope . 
  it 's like scientology . 
  if you try to leave , they 'll do their best to ruin your life . 
  that figure is out of date . 
  it 's under 50 % , even if you ignore the rotterdam effect , and it 's dropping over time . 
  in this case , i guess this is the equivalent of her saying ` if you leave me , i 'll burn the fucking house down with the kids inside . ', 
  not a healthy relationship . 
  sorry mate , you 're in a cult . 
  they need to make sure that nobody leaves , so they 're going to do their best to hurt the uk for trying , even if that means hurting you too . 
  this sort of shit is why we want to leave . 
  it 's not a community of nations , it 's a cult . 
  if you try to get out , they 'll hurt you . 
  same in english ( beating a dead horse ) , but we usually use that to mean carrying something on long after it has stopped working . 
  that is a violent process in many cases . 
  they are already playing it . 
  common external border guards are inbound , fiscal policy is starting to be dictated to smaller members . 
  official federalisation will be done later , once it becomes clear that the eu is effectively in charge either way . 
  so you oppose arresting criminals ? 
  the companies that run the exchanges are merging . 
  i 'm not sure any traders are moving, 
  i mean ... 
  i 'd rather not, 
  i only looked at the map to see how close the uk is to a culture victory .
