  disappointing . 
  are you german ? 
  i like to think this advice was specific to germans . 
  we will agree not to leave on the following conditions : 1 . 
  france cedes our rightful lands in gascony , aquitaine and normandy ( they can keep calais ) 2 . 
  everyone acknowledges that british cuisine is in fact awesome , that they 're all jealous of it , and eats at least one meal of overcooked beef with vegetables that have been boiled to a soft mush per week . 
  iceland stops beating us at football . 
  we know they are n't in the eu , but we figure you guys could pull some strings . 
  we get to pick the music for all eu council meetings , and it 's always the wurzels . 
  we get a binding written guarantee that at no point will tony blair be considered for any position of power in the eu . 
  the eu anthem is changed to pomp and circumstance march number 5 . 
  the eu parliament , council , ecj and echr are all moved to northern ireland . 
  it 'll bring in some money and if they do a bad job they 'll get petrol bombed , so it should help them focus . 
  everyone lay off greece , they 're nice guys . 
  nigel farage gets made president of the eu parliament and is forced to remain neutral in all debates . 
  we get at least some points in eurovision . 
  we get the grand big mac and chicken big mac from the swedish mcdonalds menu . 
  we also get one serving of the menu item my phone translates as ` breakfast penetration ' , mostly just to see what it actually is . 
  leicester city win the champions league . 
  this is already pretty much a given , but it does n't hurt to make sure . 
  the bcc is the british chambers of commerce , who do actually employ a fair few of the experts you clearly know fuck all about ( since you do n't recognize the name of the authors of the largest independent economic survey in the uk ) . 
  the pre-referendum gloom and doom did prove to be wrong . 
  your position is ` they were wrong because prominent members of the remain campaign lied about what they 'd do ' . 
  the fact that the predictions of immediate recession after a leave vote were wrong is pretty much impossible to dispute ( though you 'll surely try ) . 
  the reasoning is less clear . 
  you 're asserting that they were predicting recessions etc purely based on a50 being triggered immediately and would otherwise have predicted that everything would be basically fine , whereas i 'm suggesting , based on the fact that the bcc ( once again , british chambers of commerce , the economists , not british broadcasting corporation , the tv and radio company ) predicted a downturn in their post-vote survey that the economists were expecting the vote to have a negative impact independent of the a50 trigger . 
  so you 're just going to ignore the fact the bcc incorrectly predicted a downturn in the september figures because it does n't fit your narrative ? 
  the point is that the score stands at : correct brexit predictions :0 incorrect : at least the bcc and treasury ( since they made predictions that did n't fit their own data ) inconclusive : all the rest, 
  and the predictions made in september ? 
  these were more offered as evidence that immediate a50 trigger was n't the only thing causing predictions of downturns , since you 're dismissing any pre-vote predictions as being based on immediate a50 . 
  we could hit another cyclical recession , but even that 's not as bad as usual , because usually everyone feels bad when we hit the bust part of the cycle , but now 48 % of the country would get to feel smug about it . 
  as i referred to in my comment above [ september , well after vote when it was clear a50 trigger was n't due until 2017 at the earliest : bcc forecasts a drop in 2016 gdp growth from 2.2 % to 1.8 % ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37334933 ) [ december : despite the gloomy title chosen by the bbc , the bcc pushes its forecast for 2016 back up to 2.1 % , almost entirely negating the post-vote drop ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38284554 ), 
  same principle that got rid of yanukovych . 
  if france had elected a president that the guyanan people supported overwhelmingly , who was then deposed in an violent coup d'etat , sure . 
  sure , because they were projections of downturns based on the vote alone , which did n't materialise . 
  the projections of downturns based on a50 triggering could be accurate , but they were made by the same people who got the effect of the vote wrong , even when they were 3 months down the line from that vote . 
  unless italy has an election . 
  then it 'll be about italy leaving the euro and brexit . 
  well , london 's lobby group says they ca n't . 
  i guess what we 've learned is that paid lobbyists give favourable opinions of the things they are paid to lobby for . 
  good work not rising to the bait of the ` englishman ' bit . 
  you 'll need to fight us first . 
  i do n't imagine she 'd get on well with theresa may though . 
  broadly speaking , it 's because the majority of our involvement with the continent has been going to war with big chunks of it , and that every interaction with european integration we 've had prior to 1950 was us attempting to stop whatever dictator was doing it ( hell , the first real pan-european trade bloc was napoleon 's continental system , a measure specifically designed to attack the uk ) . 
  there 's also the issue that we 've got closer cultural ties with a lot of our former colonies than the continent , and that 's not a small portion of the world to identify with . 
  and if we were asked to join a beer belt political union , i 'd certianly consider it . 
  frankly , i think i subscribe much more to that identity than ` european ', 
  it 's also possible that she did n't feel that the bloke responsible for cameron 's failed ` renegotiation ' was worth keeping around for the first 6 months of negotiations . 
  there were 12 years of peace for france and spain between the war and napoleon deposing their king . 
  that 's like saying that france would have been justified in annexing west germany in 1957 because of ww2, 
  also , kosovo are a little bit to blame for the iraq and afghanistan wars . 
  they gave blair the impression he could fix things with troops . 
  we survived , we kept the western front in existence and we held out against the luftwaffe . 
  look , if you did n't want us to burn down your city , you should have handed over your fleet or at least sailed it so somewhere the french could n't take it . 
  failing to do so made it , and by extension denmark , a danger to the uk . 
  we dealt with that danger . 
  there have been further projections of downturns made since the vote that also did n't materialise . 
  see the bcc october forecast and subsequent december revision of that forecast . 
  from the article we 're commenting on : ' [ the pmi figure ] exceeded all forecasts in a reuters poll , which pointed to a decline to 53.1 . ', 
  and ` economists polled by reuters expect britain 's growth rate to more than halve next year to 1.1 percent . ', 
  that poll is pretty similar to what the bcc are predicting . 
  though of course 3 months ago they were predicting an 0.4 % decline in 2016 gdp due to brexit . 
  that has since been revised to an expected 0.1 % decline , which will probably be revised to no decline at all when we get the actual numbers back . 
  i enjoyed the ft piece where they went back to all the economists they interviewed pre-brexit and asked them if they thought they 'd got the short term consequences wrong , and pretty much none of them did despite the fact the majority were saying we 'd be seeing moderate to severe economic damage by now . 
  how ridiculous . 
  i ca n't believe people still think ireland 's a different country to britain . 
  plus mocking the ` hooray , we 're out of 2016 , so things are bound to get better now ' attitude . 
  fuck that . 
  head north , i want to be cooler . 
  a really slow burn since she needs to wait for the oil price to hit $ 130 a barrel . 
  not really . 
  the argument on eu membership was that an independent scotland would find itself outside the eu , uk and wto , able to trade with pretty much nobody . 
  the argument now is ` the snp 's own numbers only had independence working at $ 130 per barrel of oil , now it 's $ 54 and the uk is the only reason scotland is n't in total economic collapse ', 
  well , obviously . 
  getting a blister is the most immediate threat to my health since i 'm walking around a lot , but that does n't make it the most severe . 
  terrorism will always be the most immediate threat when we 're not actually at war or in the midst of a natural disaster . 
  it 'd also be accurate though . 
  you could describe them as several mammals , but we specify because the more specific , the more informative . 
  if they are all pakistani muslims , then it 's probably worth noting that , rather than lumping them in with billions of chinese people that have fuck all to do with it, 
  we 'd either need to get permission from libya or do it unilaterally , which would kick out one of the few props holding up what passes for a government in libya at the moment . 
  only if you go by mass of people rather than number . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the kim administration in nk from the individual 's perspective either , provided that the individual chosen is the one benefitting rather than the one being harmed . 
  when you say ` just like ' it is in fact the exact same uk result as the one this pollster published for their final pre-referendum poll . 
  there has been no significant increase in convictions , suggesting that the increase in reports was more about perception than reality . 
  surprisingly , if your sole criteria for recording something as a hate crime is ` the victim thinks it was a hate crime ' and you have a bunch of newspapers pushing the idea that racist nutters are taking over the country intent on driving immigrants into the sea , then a lot of pub fights and muggings that were regular crimes before the vote are seen as hate crimes after it . 
  this was one of the arguments that got overlooked . 
  better for all that we be friendly neighbours than unhappy tenants . 
  i do n't think that 's what per capita means . 
  population per capita is pretty even in every country . 
  they all come out at 1 . 
  we could start looking at the difference between pollster 's previous claims and reality and then adjusting for it . 
  which would put the uk at 52-48 in favour of leaving on this poll , since it 's exactly the same result they gave before the referendum . 
  yeah , but it seems indy readers still believe polls anyway . 
  this poll was conducted by orb international . 
  [ here 's their final poll before the vote , in which they claim a 54-46 remain lead ] ( http://www.orb-international.com/article.php?s=orb-final-published-voting-intention ), 
  yes . 
  this company gave exactly the same result on their final pre-referendum poll as they did on this survey . 
  this poll suggests that the uk would vote remain by 54-46 . 
  the same company 's [ final poll before the referendum ] ( http://www.orb-international.com/article.php?s=orb-final-published-voting-intention ) suggested that the uk would vote remain by 54-46 . 
  draw your own conclusions .
