  ireland : about four times what it was for the quarter , give or take . 
  eu : fuck it , put a question mark and move on . 
  reports, 
  we could point out comments about planting flags on british territory made by your foreign minister . 
  [ turkish pilot training video ] ( https://youtu.be/qxbbbt4tdoq?t=8 ), 
  denmark stepping up to take our place as the people the eu yells at for not joining in their idiotic ideas . 
  interesting about face , given their approach to practically everything else . 
  accession negotiations lead to an accession agreement . 
  scotland 's does n't actually have to be identical to everyone else 's . 
  well , for one thing , the prospective leader of your government has suggested that you do n't want the euro . 
  if she then goes into an agreement which says she 'll adopt the euro , it 'd make sense to add conditions to make sure she sticks to her word this time . 
  conditions which scotland will be in no position to refuse , unlike most applicants , who can afford a delay . 
  if you are applying from a position of stability , you can afford to wait and turn down a bad deal . 
  scotland has a population used to a level of public spending which it does n't have the resources to support , even inside the eu . 
  outside , it would be in a great rush to find someone to keep that spending going . 
  how many countries are attempting to join quickly in hopes of a bailout after becoming non-viable independent states ? 
  how many countries are attempting to join quickly in hopes of a bailout after becoming non-viable independent states ? 
  as is all the oil , all the infrastructure in scotland down to the roads , bridges , hospitals , police cars and tax records . 
  you buy the basic stuff scotland needs to function as a country with a per capita share of the debt . 
  any extras , like currency reserves , military protection , use of the pound or anything else you 'd like but could do without in a pinch are open for offers . 
  taking a per capita share of the debt adjusted by the barnett formula , for example , might be enough to secure the reserves . 
  you assume scotland would be offered a standard accession agreement . 
  since sturgeon has made a statement like this , there 's no reason to offer a deal without a time limit or penalties for not meeting the requirements after a certain point . 
  the eu does n't really need scotland to join , they have plenty of potential net drains on their resources to choose from . 
  [ tories !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc6uh8q7f6e ), 
  i 've had some fun conversations with scots on here decrying glasgow as having way too many immigrants , with all the classic stuff about how you do n't know you 're in scotland anymore and you do n't hear english spoken in some areas . 
  it cracks me up because glasgow has a slightly lower proportion of immigrants than the national average for england . 
  because everything the eu implements is designed to make further integration a necessity . 
  the euro was implemented by people who knew that it would fail without massive wealth transfers and eventual fiscal union . 
  the idea was to get people to a point where the damage of going backwards was great enough that they 'd accept integration they never wanted as a lesser evil . 
  it 's mostly working . 
  ok , you can have all the boe assets on your side of the border . 
  stick that cost on the enormous pile of things that sturgeon has n't explained how she 'd afford . 
  ` our share of the boe ' the boe is owned by the uk government . 
  the scottish government does n't own any of it . 
  what is the hypothetical independent scottish government intending to offer in exchange for this ? 
  so basically : 1 . 
  learn german 2 . 
  attempt to remember how to speak german while stuck in a bog , and get it a bit wrong because you 're panicking . 
  power through and claim it 's a whole new language . 
  turns out that if one part becomes a tax haven while the other becomes a warzone , it tends to work out better for the tax haven . 
  things that are polling better than ni leaving the uk : - france leaving the eu - germany leaving the eu - belgium leaving the eu so while you 're not ruling stuff out , consider where you 're going to put the european parliament if belgium votes to leave . 
  because you 're already happily contemplating less likely things . 
  i just ca n't see the south voting to rejoin though . 
  to be clear , the actual result with change since 2013 is stay in uk : 63 % ( -2 ) join roi : 22 ( +5 ) do n't know : 13 % ( +8 ) would n't vote : 2 % ( -10 ) the big move is would n't vote to do n't know , suggesting that brexit has people more interested in the subject , but the vast majority still favour remaining in the uk . 
  kind of , but given that the elections were called due to a massive scandal involving their leader , and they refused to have that leader , who had wasted enormous amounts of public money through incompetence , stand down , it 's hard to chalk that up to just brexit . 
  i 'm just gon na go ahead and assume that the long one which has ` kron ' in the second word is united kingdom . 
  honestly , i 'd scrap the ` big 5 ' system entirely . 
  it harms the competition more than it helps . 
  to be fair , any country whose acts automatically qualify should end up at the bottom disproportionately often . 
  other countries ' shit acts do n't qualify . 
  it 's an australian style points system !, 
  not really , though leicester might have done better against atleti if the video ref had been available to point out that the penalty in the first leg was given for a foul outside the box . 
  the real-bayern game was especially bad , 2 offside goals and a sending off that should n't even have been a foul . 
  basically , real are in the final because the officials fucked up . 
  oh , and barcelona only got past psg because the ref bought a clear dive . 
  now i look at it , i suggest we either get video refs or do n't allow spanish teams . 
  we fund it pretty heavily . 
  we might leave uefa if they do n't bring in video refs soon . 
  the cl was a farce this year . 
  9 % watch for the music . 
  72 % do n't watch . 
  turns out either side being unreasonable will be bad for both . 
  as i said , the uk being hit harder is little consolation for those in the eu who lose their jobs, 
  i wonder if one could be convinced to stand for the scottish assembly . 
  why should it matter if we 're all european ? 
  there 's no them and us . 
  if we 're being a continental group , we should have elections accordingly , if we 're being separate nations , same deal . 
  this halfway bodge job is n't acceptable . 
  yes , i supported implementing the findings of the independent boundary review ( the lib dems and labour blocked it out of spite/self interest ) which was designed to do just that . 
  i also support moving to a more proportional electoral system with stv in bigger , multi-member constituencies, 
  as in the 6 meps each country gets for free . 
  the more of those they are , the less important the people become . 
  i mean , i doubt we 'd win either way . 
  who cares ? 
  it does matter , because all those baseline 6s add up . 
  it would be perfectly possible to hold an eu wide vote with party lists and one vote per person . 
  but instead the people of the larger countries get shafted . 
  putting an undemocratic rule in capital letters makes it no more democratic . 
  luxembourg would have all the influence it 's population deserves . 
  why should one group of half a million or so people , by dint of having a flag and an overdeveloped sense of their own importance , suddenly get votes equivalent to a population many times as large ? 
  why should we tolerate being treated as inferior simply because we do n't subdivide our population ? 
  the eu , despite claiming to be about unity , actively rewards disunity . 
  i 'm also not just talking about germany . 
  where is the extra # 60bn per year in sales coming from . 
  assuming everything the uk sells to the eu is replaced by eu countries selling to other eu countries , there 's still # 60bn per year of eu goods with nobody to pay for them . 
  yes , that absurd disparity in voting power per capita , combined with luxembourg having a relatively tiny population does result in those numbers . 
  look at it this way . 
  if one person in a country gets 40 % of the total income of that country , and the rest get a tiny percentage , is it fair for everyone else to complain ? 
  after all , they collectively earn more than that one person . 
  sure , but doing business with us would n't stop you doing business with other countries . 
  whatever was stopping that will still be stopping that after we leave . 
  seems reasonable . 
  they can share with luxembourg or tack themselves onto a bigger country . 
  either we 're doing democracy or not . 
  what polling are you looking at ? 
  [ last yougov i 've seen has them leading with 18-24 and at least 7 points behind with everyone else . 
  ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/mrfbguqp4r/sundaytimesresults_170505_vi_w.pdf ) opinium has them leading with everyone over 35 on their last one too . 
  yeah , i hear orban is benefiting from the rigorous scrutiny the eu applies .
