  it 's like the eu parliament , except they 're not massively underrepresented relative to their population and their members can propose legislation . 
  the eu had an agreement with the uk over intel . 
  now it does n't . 
  so the uk wants a trade deal , and the eu wants an intel deal . 
  i imagine we can work something mutually beneficial out , assuming the eu ministers are prepared to act like adults . 
  it 's obvious blackmail . 
  either you say ` hey , whatever else happens , let 's make a mutually beneficial trade deal ' or you say ` give us access to your intelligence services and everything else we want or you get no trade deal ' see ? 
  blackmail . 
  no , fuck , wait , the word is ` negotiation ' . 
  blackmail is when you demand money for not releasing compromising information . 
  ah well , blackmail sounds better . 
  indeed . 
  what seems to need to happen is that we come to some sort of mutual agreement where we get some stuff we want in exchange for the eu getting some stuff it wants . 
  or we can sit around bitching about how any leverage the other side has is blackmail and it 's not fair . 
  i 'm up for either . 
  currently the eu 's point of access to american information is the uk . 
  unless you 're gon na have another eu member join 5 eyes ( and honestly , 6 eyes just does n't sound nearly as good ) , i would n't count too much on us intel being available . 
  we 're not the ones trying to cherry pick the nature of the relationship here . 
  no deal means no deal on everything . 
  the eu ca n't have it 's cake and eat it . 
  not really . 
  the uk is the biggest single contributor to europol . 
  we 're the only current eu member in the 5 eyes . 
  the eu are worried enough about us withdrawing intelligence co-operation that they 're already resorting to threats and emotive language . 
  there 's plenty of evidence that our intelligence service is something the eu places a lot of value on . 
  we 're the biggest single contributor to europol and uk intelligence is the basis of roughly 1 in 3 europol operations . 
  i reckon we 'll manage . 
  allies ? 
  allies would make a fair trade deal with us . 
  if the eu wants to treated as an ally , it needs to act like one . 
  if the eu decides not to make a deal on security because they 're worried about fish tariffs , it says a lot about how much they value their people . 
  intelligence services cost money , and ultimately , the uk 's ability to combat terror will be damaged if we get a suboptimal deal from the eu . 
  we ca n't allow the eu 's intransigence to endanger lives in the future . 
  the eu is trying to blackmail the uk over trade rules . 
  we can call any negotiating position blackmail ( after all , neither fits the definition of the word ) , but it really does n't get us anywhere . 
  do n't use a thing you have that we want as leverage in negotiations , eu demands . 
  fine . 
  as long as the eu do n't blackmail us over an fta . 
  i see . 
  so it 's cool to generalise , for example , the spanish as lazy feckless pricks because they have a high unemployment rate ? 
  after all , it 's a natural and * logical * ( would n't bet too much on that english test ) consequence of a bunch of them not having jobs . 
  that 's kind of the problem with opaque government . 
  every measure we ever voted no on could have been passed with the full and vociferous support of our pm for all we know . 
  wait until there are enough votes in favour then vote no to give the folks at home a good show . 
  there 's no record of what was said so we 'll never find out . 
  would it ? 
  2 speed europe seems to me to be a way of accelerating integration . 
  essentially , it allows the pro-integration states to push ahead with measures that could n't get unanimous support and then make the union progressively less suitable for those who do n't join them . 
  sure , but the question of what remainers would have done to ` meet leave in the middle ' , as they seem to now want to be met remains unanswered . 
  yeah , those ca n't be enacted retrospectively , so that would n't work , unless you mean ` for any future joiners ', 
  sorry , i should have clarified ` nobody in power ' is interested in the demands of the remain side , in part because of the hypocrisy , and in part because they tend to be unworkable . 
  that and lots of nice courses for journalists . 
  sure , but you would n't have advocated for it , nor would any remainer . 
  it comes down to ` if i win it 's all or nothing , but if they win it 's the proportions that matter ' , which is pretty much why nobody 's interested in the remain side 's complaints . 
  they 're coming from a fundamentally hypocritical position . 
  sure . 
  that 's really the remain side 's problem to deal with . 
  ` the eu can easily be intransigent when used as a vehicle for nationalist game-playing ' is n't a point they 'll want to lean to heavily on though . 
  i thought it 'd be needlessly wordy , but an accurate version would be ` you give us # 18 , we buy you # 6 worth of stuff ( we choose what ) , and then we give you # 4 back ', 
  as i said , in my hypothetical , he 's got evidence that it will , and we 've seen that evidence . 
  yeah , to be fair , i 'd totally ban ipads on flights from turkey if we got significant trade concessions . 
  no idea why that 'd be the case though . 
  except you 've not explained why the democrats voted for it . 
  are they sucking up to trump too ? 
  odd move , given that they 're in the party opposing him . 
  would you have backed eea membership if it had been 52 % for remain ? 
  sure . 
  but what would it have been ? 
  remain are very keen to decry the lack of a plan from leave , and also to demand concessions for their 48 % , so presumably there should be some idea of what they would have given leave if they 'd had 48 % . 
  eea membership ? 
  yep , for example the # 4300 per household figure , which did n't even fit their own models . 
  ( they essentially built a very negative brexit model , compared it to a very positive remain model , decided the results were n't interesting enough so they fucked about with the data by pretending there 'd be zero immigration between 2015 and 2030 and pretending that gdp and household income mapped 1:1 ) or the constant references to ` leaving europe ' rather than ` leaving the eu ', 
  it always struck me as odd that ` not joining the euro ' was seen as a special favour we got . 
  surely that 's an admission that the euro is shit . 
  ` you should be so pleased we 're not demanding you jab forks in your leg like we all do , we 're being so tolerant ' the rebate , it should be noted , is essentially a reduction in our net contribution , amounting to giving us 1/3rd of our net loss back . 
  again ` if you give us # 30 , we 'll give you a tenner back , you lucky bastard ' is n't that great a proposition . 
  do you support : a ) nuking the uk b ) reaching a reasonable compromise with the uk c ) ceding northern france to the british crown and paying them # 50m a minute for the nhs ` vast majority of eu citizens support reasonable compromise with uk ', 
  so out of interest , if you 're outside with someone , and they see a report on their phone saying it 's going to rain in 5 minutes and show you that report , is it butt kissing to put a raincoat on if they are ? 
  on the airplanes bit , it 's worth noting that , unlike other bans , the democrats on the security committee supported this , which suggests to me that it 's a response to actual intel rather than just an attempt to fuck with the turks . 
  i do n't see how that would have been a concession to the leave side . 
  not sure how i 'd find that , but section 29 ( 1 ) of the equalities act 2010 forbids service providers ( which landlords are ) from refusing to provide a service based on a protected characteristic ( of which ethnicity is one ), 
  to be fair , it 's very hard to tell what 's really happening in council meetings , since we do n't get minutes . 
  in general , votes only happen when the outcome is already known , and voting against the consensus is seen as a bit petulant . 
  if the uk was actually able to block a measure it did n't want , that measure would n't get to a vote . 
  so were quite a few of the other events that people have independence days for . 
  there were plenty of loyalists in the 13 colonies . 
  that 's why we go with the vote date , not the a50 date . 
  june 's much better for a bank holiday than march . 
  not least because farage already set the date for june 23rd . 
  not sure what that has to do with the empire . 
  is this just the standard easy thing to have a go at ? 
  we 've already offered a reciprocal deal on this . 
  there 's no question of us doing anything other than offering the same again now the ` no negotiation before a50 ' embargo the eu imposed is over, 
  i 'm not expecting us to ask for the same privileges we had while we were inside . 
  just the same privileges that other non-eu nations have . 
  the security info is only really useful as a bargaining chip for that much . 
  if we try for more with it , it 'll go badly . 
  but as long as our demands are reasonable and can be phrased in terms of things the eu already offers non-eu members , the intelligence is a reasonable thing to offer in return . 
  it 's there to deter the ` teach them a lesson ' faction who want to be economically hostile to the uk , rather than to push for major concessions . 
  we would n't be withholding that information from allies .
