  welsh is n't a language for communication , it 's a scam concocted by a coalition of sign makers and scrabble enthusiasts, 
  we had the city before the next eec , we 'll have it long after we 're out of the eu . 
  the british pay the fines , which is probably why we have more of a problem with eu laws than the countries who just ignore the fines too . 
  yes , but look at the ` deal ' we got . 
  symbolic concessions with next to no practical use . 
  we 're never going to stop the federalists , the whole setup of the eu is designed to be a one-way valve for power . 
  it would n't be a catastrophe , but unnecessarily hurting a decent sized export market would n't be good news . 
  if we 're going to push the gym metaphor , then the cap is like france , who in this metaphor is one of those guys who literally only does weights , spending a huge amount on heavy free weights while the uk ( represented , as is traditional , by britannia , a woman who does n't go in for free weights much ) partly paid for them and got annoyed that the gym did n't have any of those big balls that you can sit on to do core exercises . 
  the euro is crossfit , in that it was super cool looking and got good results at first , but actually pretty dangerous and now that a bunch of people who got swept up in the fad have hurt themselves and damaged the equipment , non-crossfitter uk does n't want to pay for the repairs . 
  i 'd change ` given ' to ` promised ' . 
  not sure if much has been delivered yet . 
  saved the uk economy in the erm, 
  if they referred to it as the eussr people would know what they meant but it 'd still be biased . 
  out of ` europe ' . 
  the bbc is n't supposed to be in a political campaign though . 
  they 'd have the uk on their side either way, 
  it 's a joke, 
  well , you see , there 's a difference between the uk and the rest of europe , in that we 've always been rather better at being a country than the rest of them . 
  at some point or other , practially everyone else in europe has been invaded or run by some horrible dictatorship or the ussr . 
  as such they 're naturally inclined to think that nation states are n't as good an idea . 
  if you do n't like us , feel free to stop taking our money . 
  well , the problem there is that a net of a quarter of a million people have the same idea as you every year and follow through on it . 
  i 'd quite like to settle down here as well , come to that , but i 'll struggle to ever afford a house . 
  i love that at the same time you 're saying this , people are using scotland leaving the uk to convince us to stay , despite scotland being less important economically to the uk than the uk is to the eu . 
  i see . 
  the uk does what the continental powers want and its ` fuck you uk , why do n't you stand up to them ' , now we 're standing up to them and it 's ` fuck you uk , why are you rocking the boat ' . 
  we ca n't bloody win . 
  sure . 
  you get all the navies of the rest of the eu together , and we 'll have the us navy , royal navy and the marine nationale meet them . 
  then we can all have a chat and see where we think a good place for your boats is . 
  if corbyn keeps talking about negotiating with argentina over whether we should utterly disregard the right to self determination of the people of the falklands so that argentina will stop saying mean things about us , he 'll never win . 
  or cultural bias in tests . 
  in all fairness , the statement that african people score lower on iq tests is perfectly correct . 
  it 's a good example of cultural bias in testing . 
  dunno , might be now i think of it . 
  i only ever use it sarcastically though . 
  not especially . 
  norwich is much nicer . 
  better food , less crowded and just so many good pubs . 
  what exactly is the eu offering us ? 
  a louder voice that says stuff we do n't want it to say , all the while trading on the fact that it has our economy in it for a hefty chunk of its influence . 
  if you think that no country with an economy smaller than china can ever have a say on the world stage , i guess stick to the idea of lumping together whatever economies you can convince to join to keep the eu relevant and keep pushing integration projects at the cost of runining millions of lives . 
  i reckon the uk can do fine as a g8 economy without having to route all our diplomacy through a game of chinese whispers with a bunch of people who do n't seem to want to listen to our message . 
  sorry , wrong house miss . 
  i 'm from leicester as it happens . 
  sure , but cameron could just pull a blair and keep us in whether we like it or not . 
  sorry , i was n't clear . 
  meaningful reform in a direction we 'd actually want . 
  if we were allowed another referendum . 
  once everyone else starts paying the same minimum wages , benefits and net contribution to the eu as the uk does , and we 'll talk about equality . 
  nah , the ep can basically change whatever it likes , or even block the whole thing , all after the results of our referendum come in . 
  it 's not a great deal for the uk . 
  it 's a pathetic attempt to paper over the chasms between what the eu now is and what the people of the uk wanted , which was a trade organisation . 
  we 'll vote to leave . 
  that 's also democracy . 
  yep . 
  and given our track record of not having prevented a single measure from passing in the council in 20 years , it 's going to be a pretty short meeting at that . 
  this deal is n't convincing anyone . 
  if anything , it 's demonstrated that meaningful eu reform is nigh impossible . 
  more importantly , did they have the badass orange lion paintjobs ? 
  hard to find somewhere to deport swiss citizens to . 
  some of us are just quietly funding the lebanese camps , taking some high risk cases , and generally not doing anything to encourage people to use this as an excuse for economic migration . 
  time for yes minister 's endless relevance : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0zzjxw4mta, 
  basically , iceland is small enough and remote enough that they can recognise whoever the fuck they like without repercussions . 
  nah , the bit with the dragon flag and the road signs where they spelled it wrong the first time and had to have another go . 
  we still like you , but we kind of get that you have good reason not to like us . 
  there you go . 
  keep looking on that and you 'll never feel the urge to go to other people 's countries and kill them . 
  there 's no need when you can just fuck their economies so badly that they kill themselves !, 
  you ca n't have booby traps either . 
  you 're just going to have to reconcile yourselves to being near newcastle . 
  organised crime ? 
  so it was n't an opportunist bear , but rather part of some sort of bear mafia ? 
  i 'd imagine a fair few in the east of ukraine are n't available to answer polls at the moment though . 
  now , now . 
  you know you get all rowdy when you get the badass flags . 
  go play with something in a nice calming blue and yellow . 
  facism , a few million , ten million tops , unless you count wars , which makes it tough to decide which ideology gets the kills . 
  capitalism , hard to say , depends when you count capitalism as starting , but no mass killing on the scale of the ussr or mao . 
  also , to avoid any more of the prolonged no true scotsman fallacy that pretty much always accompanies discussions of socialism , can you give an example of what you consider a socialist state ? 
  no slaves in england and wales since 1772, 
  there 's a lime tree inside the st. lawrence cricket ground , and shots that hit it count as a 4 . 
  not necessarily insular , we used to identify pretty strongly with the commonwealth , and there 's still solidarity with the rest of the anglosphere . 
  we , cut off somewhat from the continental group , made our own , based on common culture , language and laws . 
  in a globalised world , i 'd say that 's a more natural group than a geographical union like the eu . 
  they 're progressive . 
  often in the worst sense . 
  well , it 's a perception , not what 's actually happening , that the cartoon is supposed to show . 
  if we were doing a cartoon of what 's actually happening , it 'd be the uk trying to get to the door while various political leaders hang off its legs dragging it back, 
  well , it 's less that we join the pack , and more that we 're completely ignored . 
  of the 55 times we voted against a measure in the council between 1997 and 2014 , every single measure passed . 
  shit , who spilled your 15th pint ? 
  no , just require that nations who want to stay in meet the 2 % of gdp spending target . 
  yeah . 
  i mean , poland 's armed forces are nearly 1/4 of the size of russia 's , but most countries in the eu ca n't even manage that . 
  awesome . 
  we could get rid of 2 groups who sit around bitching about the english and costing them money in one go . 
  it is the uk alone standing in the way . 
  other countries do n't want to lose their sovereignty , but they 're happy to let the uk be the bad guy . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/content/files/1975referendumgov.pdf there 's not much ever closer union in there .
