  tune in next year to see if the various predictions can beat the null model of ` it 'll be the same as last year ', 
  do n't worry , knowing your mum , there 's plenty of opportunity for everyone . 
  it 's also harder for judges under common law to interpret the law in ways that it was never intended , so you get less problems there . 
  ` remember men , you are portuguese ' - an unnamed portuguese general in the peninsular campaign . 
  the comment was later described by wellington as the most inane statement he had ever heard . 
  any system which asserts that it both has objective truth and is easy to change is n't one i 'm keen on, 
  it 's probably more because it 's based on precedent , so you need to have a long uninterrupted history of reasonable government for it to work . 
  if you were periodically being invaded , ruled by insane absolute monarchs or putting extremist ideologies in power , common law would n't be the best idea , since a lot of the precedents would get pretty nasty . 
   hard pounding this , gentlemen ; let 's see who will pound longest . 
  - wellington . 
  also , your mum . 
  any suggestion from a uk flaired account that brexit was anything but an act of totally unreasonable self-harm with no justification or redeeming feature tends to attract downvotes here . 
  glad to see there are still some reasonable people around though . 
  huh . 
  so no inflation adjustment , no ppp adjustment . 
  this is pretty much useless . 
  [ wow , that website is nice . 
  ] ( http://www.bamburghcastle.com/ ), 
  is this inflation adjusted ? 
  bamburgh castle , very nearly scotland but not quite . 
  it 's about an hour 's drive from me though . 
  equally , it 's one of the reasons we never really got on with the eu . 
  we 'd already happened into an excellent legal system , and never felt the need to adopt napoleon 's ideas , so being an island of common law in a mostly civil law union was the source of a lot of conflict . 
  you can be uncivilized and a ponce . 
  they 've built an entire national identity on it . 
  and yeah , it 's an acquired skill . 
  i know . 
  they insist it 's supposed to taste of things . 
  i guess because the anti-eu propaganda does n't fund itself out of taxes . 
  either you can be biased and fund yourself by convincing people to pay you or you can be unbiased and take taxpayer cash . 
  if we get into biased state-funded media , that 's a first step on an extremely nasty path . 
  we keep trying to introduce it , but they 're very resistant to civilising influences . 
  we still ca n't get them to boil their veg properly . 
  [ here 's where i 'm headed ] ( http://images.findyourperfectvenue.com/264/0aa1307bfdd22320586687c3a840b7c0.jpg ), 
  too remote . 
  not enough food , no easy way to go scavenging . 
  yeah , but it 's france , so they 've really only got democracy off of that list . 
  he make joke . 
  is no potato capital , only kgb capital . 
  destruction of private property , that was . 
  scum to a man . 
  if the cars have people in , that 's more ` attempted murder ' than ` vandalism ', 
  great work . 
  all together now : * come cheer up m ` lads ` tis to glory we steer ... *, 
  yep . 
  we 're deadly serious . 
  i for one am currently readying my screw driven gunboat for the passage to spain . 
  i do n't suppose you know anyone who knows how to properly aim a cannon ? 
  i see , you 're not interested in any sort of meaningful debate at all . 
  also , the crews of those ships could have cracked a fucking book and looked up what happened to the danish fleet in the napoleonic wars . 
  how many times do we have to reinforce the message ` allowing the enemy to capture vital materiel is equivalent to aiding them , and those doing so will be treated as enemies ', 
  of course they would . 
  if nukes are being fired , the world is finished anyway , so may as well nuke anyone who has pissed you off . 
  i 'd hope not . 
  the whole point of the npt is to not add new countries . 
  it 'd hurt us sure , but for us it 's just ` spain is being unreasonable over gibraltar as usual ' whereas the eu is trying to do a ` united front ' for the negotiations . 
  so other members either have to get on board with spain 's pointless bitching about a 300 year old treaty or risk a breakdown in that unity . 
  if it starts hurting business , i ca n't see too many europeans caring too much for spain being obstinate . 
  yep . 
  the correct response is ' i do n't disclose how i vote in secret ballots ', 
  the commons vote has passed but it could still be sent back for further votes by the lords . 
  he can vote , he just is n't supposed to be broadcasting which way he voted . 
  it 's not ` best of x ' , it 's ` any remain vote ends it ', 
  unless the 2nd round was restricted to the readers of ` the mirror ' it would n't have made much difference . 
  because the only way to get a survey saying it would is to do a self-selecting one on users of a pro-eu tabloid website . 
  the indy would n't be reporting this like it meant a damned thing if there was any meaningful source that could support the narrative . 
  this should be fun . 
  i wonder how long the united front will last while spain is costing other eu countries money over ancient territorial claims it has no chance of ever enforcing . 
  phobias are irrational fears , not fears of irrational people . 
  because french is a language and flemish is a symptom of a chest infection . 
  ` we made up your country to annoy the french ' or ` belgium is just chocolate and peadophiles , and they only make the chocolate to get to the kids ', 
  they 're not actually adjusting for it , just noting that it 's there . 
  that note does n't actually stop their methodology being drastically flawed . 
  that 's an absurdly cheap ad hominem . 
  cps have zero links to ukip . 
  there have been several studies done with the same inherent bias as the one you cited , which is made painfully clear in the abstract , if you bothered to read that far : ** with a focus on the period since 1995 ** that means no immigrants who had been in the country more than 18 years at time of writing . 
  of course they found bigger net contributions . 
  take any sample of 20-40 year olds , give them 18 years and surprisingly , they 'll claim very little state pension . 
  [ cps disagrees ] ( http://www.cps.org.uk/publications/reports/the-progressivity-of-uk-taxes-and-transfers/ ) the difference between our 2 outlooks is that yours is based on the idea that immigrants remain working adults forever , and mine is based on the idea that they might well start being aged over 65 sometime around their 65th birthday . 
  i also choose to count educating and providing for children born to immigrants in the uk as a cost relating to their presence , rather than saying that , because those children are uk born , the costs arising from them should n't be considered anything to do with immigration . 
  a similar trick would be to say that people currently running the first mile of a marathon are far fitter than the average marathon runner . 
  you can prove this by showing that they run faster over that mile than the average speed for a marathon . 
  obviously it 's utter nonsense , because they 'll slow down as they get tired , but if you 're biased enough you can report that they 're fitter . 
  likewise , if you consider recent immigrants , you 'll find them to be in better health , have fewer retirees and in general to contribute more and take less than the general population . 
  of course , they 're not superhumans , they 're just a group of people currently mostly in their 20s and 30s . 
  give them time , and they 'll retire and get chronic illnesses at much the same rate as anyone else , but by then the pro-immigration lobbyists will have stopped tracking them and moved on to a new group of recent immigrants who 'll also be in their 20s and 30s . 
  want to know where the biggest problem with eu migration was ? 
  a town called boston , where eu migrants went from less than 1 % of the population to over 10 % of it in 10 years . 
  boston had the strongest leave vote in the uk , because its people had seen their town transformed beyond recognition . 
  if you look at the correlations , you 'll find it 's rate of demographic change that lines up best with leave votes . 
  when immigration is too rapid , migrants do n't integrate , and you get problems . 
  a job is not the same thing as self-sufficiency . 
  on average , people earning under about # 45k per year are net drains on the public purse . 
  why burn what you can sell ? 
  hell , if they do it right , they can be exporting power long after they run out of oil . 
  or they could become a hub for energy intensive industry if things like carbon tariffs start taking off . 
  my house 's gdp is up over 100 % per year over the last 2 years . 
  does n't mean i can afford to bail out ireland . 
  i guess it depends if it goes worse than they are expecting . 
  which , for germany , appears to be ` screwing over the rest of the eu via monetary policy ',
