  the ` obligations ' placed on the smaller states largely seem to consist of accepting germany 's trade surplus and not doing anything to harm deutsche bank , as greece found out when it looked like they might default . 
  oddly , that 's not as big a priority for us as it is for you . 
  malta has a population of 431,000 people , so they get an mep for every 71,833 people . 
  the uk has a population of 65,140,000 people , so we get an mep for every 892,328 people . 
  so every maltese voter is worth 12.4 uk voters . 
  even the us counted its second class citizens as 3/5ths of a person . 
  we 're not even 1/10th . 
  i did blame them . 
  the country voted them out of power 7 years ago . 
  the odd thing is , it seems impossible to reverse the decisions they made . 
  so i blame blair and brown for making the decisions , and the eu for preserving them . 
  so can we limit them now ? 
  if not , why does that matter ? 
  i 'm confident of tens of millions living in identifiably less developed countries . 
  maltese votes are worth over 10x what uk votes are in eu parliament elections . 
  in qmv votes , we ca n't block measures alone , but countries with less combined population than us can . 
  being a single country means that our people are treated as inferior . 
  he 's an snp minister , unlikely predictions are basically all they have . 
  he also thought scotland would vote yes in 2014 . 
  shows what he knows . 
  it takes over 800,000 uk residents to get one mep . 
  it takes less than 80,000 residents of luxembourg to do the same . 
  that 's not equal treatment . 
  a group of countries with less residents than the uk can block any proposal in council . 
  the uk ca n't block those proposals , even though it represents more eu citizens . 
  that 's not equal treatment . 
  i 'd note that we passed those while we 're in the eu , so the eu is utterly irrelevant to them . 
  personally , i 'd like to vote for the lib dems . 
  the problem is they 've abandoned liberalism in favour of being pro-eu , so i 'm going to end up voting tory at this election so that we can get out . 
  then we 'll have to wait and see if the lib dems get back to supporting liberalism and democracy . 
  yes , i 'm fully aware of why this is a great deal for the countries we 're giving stuff away to . 
  sharing everything equally is always very popular with those who have less than the average amount . 
  if there were people outside the eu desperate for the eu 's exports , the eu would be exporting to them already . 
  i doubt that every business exporting to the uk has said ` well , we could double in size to serve this totally untapped external market , but let 's not , because the uk is in the eu and this gives me a crippling fear of wealth and succcess ', 
  the eu balance of trade with the uk is heavily on the ` export ' side , to the tune of about # 60bn a year . 
  the eu is pretty big , but that does n't really matter to the individuals who 'll lose their jobs . 
  if it 's done right , the eu only loses tens of billions per year worth of trade rather than hundreds of billions . 
  either way , that 's bad news . 
  yeah , the ability to govern the country according to the wishes of the people living in it is totally a cheap politicial point . 
  ' a few obligations ' here meaning annual payments of billions of pounds , granting the right to live and work in the uk to tens of millions of people from less developed countries and agreeing to a political system where our people are treated as inferior to most others . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the question i should be asking is ` was the austerity necessary , or politically motivated ' . 
  i 'm coming down on the side of politically motivated . 
  it 's possible to successfully perform a kidney transplant while removing a leg . 
  it 's not necessary though . 
  i know that the eu has to deliberately harm its own people in order to continue its political projects . 
  i saw what happened in greece . 
  i was counting on the eu putting the interests of eu politicians above those of eu citizens when i voted to leave , because that 's a big part of why i voted to leave . 
  i 'd rather my country not take part in a protection racket . 
  if that means the racketeers come after us , so be it . 
  i 'd disagree . 
  ukip was n't far off beating the tories in a fair few seats . 
  their majority is pretty damn small . 
  they 're in a bad shape because they ignored what the people actually wanted . 
  the treaties were a small but important part of that . 
  if you think the tory ` only we can deliver a referendum ' pitch to ukip voters was n't vital in 2015 , you 've not been paying much attention . 
  get them in schengen . 
  so all the countries that want to join are n't ones people necessarily want in , and all the ones that would be welcomed in do n't want to join . 
  because any reform was blocked by those benefiting from the current fuckup ( in this case spain ) . 
  like most eu problems . 
  if the party that wins the election runs on a platform of having a referendum , then there is a need to have a referendum . 
  note how the party who pulled that shit locked themselves out of power for over a decade in the process . 
  this is why the eu is bad for democracy . 
  it gives parties the opportunity to make irreversible changes which the people do n't support . 
  at least when a party changes national policy in a way they have no mandate for , the public can kick them out and have the new government change it back . 
  the assumption here is that the only thing keeping the eu from collapsing is the assertion that a good tariff free trade deal with the uk is impossible . 
  if that 's the case , the eu has no business continuing to exist , since such a deal is entirely possible . 
  depends if they work for companies that export to the uk . 
  or companies that supply those companies . 
  or really any of the pretty large number of people whose jobs are at least partially dependent on trade with the uk . 
  turns out that if you lose your job , knowing that the uk is being hit harder is n't actually much comfort . 
  lisbon was written with the express goal of ensuring the public could n't understand it . 
  to quote the president of the convention charged with writing it ' according to the vice president of the convention '' il est illisible pour les citoyens , qui doivent constamment se reporter aux textes des trait\u00e9s de rome et de maastricht , auxquels s ' appliquent ces amendements . '' to quote a vice president of the convention : '' they decided that the document should be unreadable . 
  if it is unreadable , it is not constitutional , that was the sort of perception . '' if the treaty had been rejected because people did n't understand it , that would have been a valid and even desirable result . 
  it should not be possible to bypass democracy by obfuscation . 
  making something deliberately impossible for anyone but a specialized lawyer to understand , and then saying ` oh , you do n't need a vote , you would n't understand what you 're voting on anyway ' is n't acceptable in a democracy . 
  it is incumbent on the people wanting a change , in a democracy , to make sure that people understand what the change is and why it is a good thing , not simply to make the change hard enough to understand that they can deny the public a vote . 
  that 's not actually democracy . 
  he 's trying to stop something which is , in large part , his fault . 
  he dodged the referendum on lisbon because he knew the public did n't want it . 
  he pushed for expansion which the british people did n't really want . 
  he failed to implement transitional migration controls . 
  he encouraged mass immigration to ` rub the right 's nose in diversity ' . 
  his reckless disregard for what the people actually wanted is a big part of why the uk is leaving the eu . 
  i suggest that we promise tony a referendum on the ` uk leaving the eu ( finalisation ) ' bill . 
  then we change the name to ` uk eu exit bill ( finalisation ) ' , make it harder to read and tell him that it 's a totally different bill so there 's no referendum . 
  see how he likes that bullshit trick . 
  i 'd actually be basically ok with that . 
  it 'd be fucking hilarious . 
  this is essentially the reverse story to the ` fuckwit ca n't fill in a form properly so the government are eeevil ' stuff that the guardian keeps putting out over eu citizens ' leave to remain applications . 
  i 've no idea why our left wing news outfits are continually surprised that government bodies are n't super-flexible . 
  it 's pretty well sourced , though all the sources are eurosceptic ( i assume pro-eu people would n't bring it up ) [ telegraph article citing # 250k per year cost of haulage ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/10565686/the-farce-of-the-eu-travelling-circus.html ) [ eurosceptic mep shows his trunk off ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6spweazkytu&amp;index=40&amp;list=plwbcar7ox3qutz7cnq2xemnnpux7ngnze ) [ politico article ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/whats-in-an-meps-trunk ) [ photo article ] ( https://www.panos.co.uk/stories/2-13-1761-2255/piotr-malecki/europes-travelling-circus/# ), 
  there are plenty of classics like this . 
  a few years back the commission president and the commissioner responsible for the environment took separate private jets from brussels , leaving 4 hours apart , to get to a climate change conference . 
  we 're not really that fussed , since that 's already the case now , and they wo n't have the right to work anyway . 
  visa free travel seems a perfectly reasonable proposal . 
  customs might be a thing , but it really depends to what degree we can be bothered . 
  luxembourg does , per capita . 
  there 's a great little sub-bullshit , which is meps ' boxes . 
  every mep gets a plastic crate in which to ship stuff from brussels to strasbourg and back ( so they can move all their documents ) .
