  justice here being arbitrarily fucking over an ally to your own detriment as a means to keep your own people in line out of fear . 
  i 'm not saying it 's about us . 
  we 're just being used as the convenient example of what happens to a country if they do n't do as the eu tells them . 
  there are no winners in any trade war , in terms of wealth . 
  the idea of a trade war is to sacrifice some prosperity to enforce a change of policy and/or regime on your opponent . 
  if the eu decides to pursue a trade war , it 'll be a big test of the eu project . 
  is eu patriotism actually enough to justify taking an economic hit in exchange for the dubious benefit of being able to stick it to the eu 's new goldstien ? 
  the ` leave the cult and we 'll break your fucking legs ' approach to democracy . 
  nice . 
  the other case is a person ( no name ) being contacted by a private firm ( no name ) to do an unspecified fco job for which they apparently only later found out that non-uk people were ineligible ( despite a. it being any recruiting company 's job to know the requirements for the position and b. that rule never having existed ) . 
  it has n't got a single fact in it . 
  the source might as well be the author 's mum . 
  why is it so hard for you to believe that the guardian , a newspaper that has been fervently anti-tory for decades and fervently anti-brexit for as long as brexit has been an issue and the lse , an organistion which has essentially been an arm of the remain campaign for a very long time , might be in the wrong here ? 
  shit , look at the output of this academic instituition , it 's not exactly difficult to nail down where they stand on brexit : #recent lse publications : does immigration harm the job prospects of the uk-born ? 
  theresa may 's timeline for brexit : canny tactics or brexishambles ? 
  not being smart about article 50 : the strategic considerations of an early 2017 notification brexit is damaging uk science already . 
  here is a plan to fix it hard brexit ? 
  only if it 's free why there should not be a general election ` about the eu ' -- and why the uk is n't a democracy the fact that the uk avoided an immediate crisis does not tell us much about the future, 
  except that to backpedal , they 'd have had to announce the policy . 
  which they did n't . 
  the lse and the guardian have literally no evidence , not even a transcript of the phone call which allegedly made it ` pretty clear ' ( any qualifier on the word clear is code for ` not at all clear ' ), 
  well , given that the story is ` the fco has officially decided to do this thing ' if the fco says it has n't , the story is not true . 
  it wo n't impact him , or anyone else , since it 's a fabrication : https://twitter.com/davidallengreen/status/784459961258614785, 
  the fco is being sensible , in that they 're not banning foreign nationals , never were , and have pointed out that this story is a load of bollocks : https://twitter.com/davidallengreen/status/784459961258614785, 
  so no , we 're not . 
  turns out the lse are upset because we voted leave and the guardian will print any old shit they care to invent . 
  there 's a reason it 's unbelieveable . 
  it 's not true . 
  yep , the story 's a fake : https://twitter.com/davidallengreen/status/784459961258614785, 
  story was false : https://twitter.com/davidallengreen/status/784459961258614785, 
  for the sake of balance , it should be noted that the lse are sticking to their guns saying that the fco said ` pretty clearly ' in an undocumented phone call that they were barring them . 
  the fco deny this , pointing out that such a move would be ilegal and saying categorically that the story is false . 
  basically , the lse either got the wrong end of the stick or deliberately fabricated a story and have zero tangible evidence with which to back it up . 
  yep . 
  and that 's still the policy . 
  the story 's a load of bollocks . 
  https://twitter.com/davidallengreen/status/784459961258614785 loving that / r/europe is prepared to downvote this because they so desperately want the british to be the bad guys . 
  i 'm pointing out why the uk preventing european powers getting too strong is sensible for the uk . 
  a similar argument could be made in reverse ( with the notable exception that we did n't tend to annex other european states ) , but the difference is , of course that we had the ability to back up our desires , and the european powers did n't have the ability to stop us . 
  which is , of course , where we run into the issue of defintions . 
  arrogance is the quality of having an exaggerated sense of one 's importance or power . 
  if the uk tried to prevent germany arming and could n't back it up with force , that would be arrogant . 
  if we 'd opposed napoleon without the means to eventually defeat him , that would have been arrogant . 
  but we did n't . 
  we allowed france to become an equal power , they invaded almost all of europe . 
  we allowed germany to become an equal power in the late 1930s , they promptly invaded almost all of europe . 
  i think we 've got a damned good reason not to be keen on equal powers . 
  they keep invading almost all of europe . 
  also , hilarious bonus point : what did germany do with their new fleet ( hint : it 's not ` be a peaceful , non-interventionist state ' ), 
  back in the earlier days of the ongoing greek debt crisis , golden dawn ( a neo nazi party that got about 10 % of the vote in their elections ) set up a greeks only soup kitchen , from which hungry people had to be driven away with tear gas . 
  did they not start a soup kitchen ? 
  there 's an irony in imposing austerity on greece to the point where people have to go to neo-nazis for food handouts then giving them this title . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  europe is all one country now . 
  fun that the mods have decided that the article is misleading because it uses the dictionary definition of foreign , rather than treating europe as a single country . 
  it 's almost like the users here are bigots . 
  i guess so . 
  my experience is mostly with pakistani and indian immigrants , so it might not turn out the same . 
  not sure what your point is . 
  you seem to be suggesting that the vast majority of students would be unaffected by this , then back it up by referencing one of the best universities in the world , which is probably going to be somewhat unrepresentative of the whole . 
  seems eminently reasonable . 
  depends on what they studied . 
  medicine , engineering , sciences , other shortage skills , then sure , come on in . 
  mass communication , creative arts ? 
  no thanks , we have plenty of people who can earn barely above minimum wage already . 
  i doubt it 'll be dangerous in a terrorism sense , but it 's pretty easy to end up with an area being ` the romanian area ' with romanian shops schools with only kids from that community and so on . 
  once that happens , it 's hard to integrate the community . 
  look at leicester for an example of what can pretty easily happen . 
  the council actually defines entire areas as ` poor muslim area ' ` rich muslim area ' ` middle-class hindu area ' and so on . 
  it 's not healthy to have that level of division . 
  which is great . 
  now make the case for them staying for years after graduation . 
  the idea is not to make student visas harder to get , but to make it harder to get one which lets you stay after . 
  medicine at imperial ? 
  stay , get a job . 
  football studies at southampton solent ? 
  on your way as soon as you get the certificate . 
  given that facebook messenger has permission to activate your microphone and camera whenever it feels like it , i think pgo is less of a risk than just having a phone with apps on in a sensitive meeting . 
  if you try to do that , you 're pretty much literally hitler . 
  ask anyone from the threads on uk attempts to control immigration . 
  depends on how well integrated they are . 
  2nd generation immigrants are often the most problematic ( they lack the ` just pleased to be here ' of the 1st generation , but are aware that they 're not quite natives , and there 's occasionally a retreat into a dangerous fetishisation of the culture and identity of their parents ' home country , which makes them pretty easy to radicalise ) . 
  on a more practical point , it 's important that their parents be encouraged to speak the local language to them at home , or school is going to be unmanageable . 
  unintegrated , quite possibly . 
  in the two worst scoring areas of the uk in policy exchange 's integration index , the largest minority group is ` white other ' ( eastern european ) it 's an interesting report , [ pdf here ] ( https://policyexchange.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/integration-index.pdf ), 
  wow . 
  i never knew that . 
  ( though technically , the uk did n't exist at the time , but that 's pretty empty pedantry at this point ), 
  fair enough . 
  given the likely timeline ( exit in 2019 ) he will probably make these hostile noises all the way through to make the election easier and then roll over to avoid pissing off the rest of the eu when it comes to the actual deal . 
  the clock on a50 cuts both ways , and the big countries do n't actually want to take the hit of wto tariffs , especially not if it 's malta vetoing the deal . 
  that 'd be the ultimate expression of the undemocratic nature of the eu . 
  half a million people blocking the trade of half a billion out of spite over a democratic choice . 
  are you sure ? 
  the suggestion here is that if a specific job could be done by a uk resident who needs a job , we not bring in outside workers . 
  it therefore follows that if any such job is taken by a non-uk resident , there is a uk resident who could have taken that job and has been prevented from doing so . 
  so it does , by definition , make it harder for that person in the uk to get a job . 
  if it did n't , the policy would n't apply . 
  malta would be fine if the rest of the eu decided to apply pressure to it ? 
  not really .
