  then when collapse threatens , the crisis , which was always going to happen in one form or another , is used to push through stuff that the people would never have accepted if it had been part of the original deal . 
  because it is often approved under manufactured duress . 
  the euro is sold as a wonderful project leading to huge prosperity , with no mention of common fiscal policy . 
  the people buy this wonderful drug , only to discover that there are some pretty serious side effects . 
  now they 're hooked , and either they have to leave , and if their dealer does n't just kick the shit out of them , cold turkey will be rough . 
  otherwise , all they need to do is take this new eu pill to deal with the side effects . 
  sure , it 'll cost more sovereignty than last time , but it 's not as bad as the side effects of the euro , surely . 
  and so on . 
  the tactics of gradually building dependency and leveraging it to push harder and more expensive forms of your product on people who would never have originally gone for the hard stuff is classic dealer strategy . 
  boiling the frog is not the same as enacting the will of the people . 
  also , happily ever after is storybooks . 
  until death do us part is weddings . 
  this ignores the commission entirely , which is the least democratic bit , and excercises a worrying amount of power ( since it can decide the wording of laws , withdraw bills if it does n't like the amendments the elected representatives make , block any law it does n't want passed and keep bringing back rejected bills , as well as dodgy practices like nonsensical ` double-header ' bills , where they put something popular as the main focus of legislation and then add in an unpopular measure in the hope that meps wo n't dare be seen to vote against the popular thing ( see the recent roaming charges legislation which contained an unrelated bit of legislation which means that net neutrality can be slowly removed by isps . ), 
  or more accurately , buy some land , on no account grow anything , apply for cap support . 
  the eu is a democracy , and if you try to tell anyone otherwise , they 'll censor your videos . 
  i think that the most worrying political movement i 've seen is golden dawn , which came about as a result of the eu removing people 's recourse to democracy . 
  if you put people in a position where they feel that their vote can not matter , they react violently . 
  if you do so with an international organisation , that violence takes the form of nationalism . 
  people seem to forget that ww2 is the result of an international organisation oppressing a nation state . 
  fuck it , i reckon we can take france , and after that all we need to do is take germany 's broomsticks away and then invade you lot on a weekend when your troops are off work . 
  kind of speaks to what a waste of money all the eu 's ` public information ' spending is . 
  the 2 positions in this referendum are n't 1 ) the eu is fine and 2 ) the eu needs to change . 
  they are 1 ) the eu needs radical reform , but this is possible and 2 ) the eu needs radical reform , but this is impossible . 
  pretty much nobody is arguing the eu is doing well , it 's just a question of whether we man the pumps or the lifeboats at this point . 
  my biggest problem is this : the eu 's main goal is ` ever closer union ' . 
  while this sounds noble , what 's missing from that statement is more important than what is there . 
  it 's not ` ever closer union , if it makes the people of europe better off ' or ` ever closer union , if the people of europe want it ' it 's just ` ever closer union ' . 
  the eu has irresponsibly pushed policies that are damaging to the people of europe in the hope of forcing further integration . 
  free movement of labour leads to damaging mass migration , brain drain at one end and poorly integrated groups depressing wages at the other , but if that is allowed to fester long enough , the eu might get control of minimum wages . 
  the euro is a disaster , but already it 's doing the real job of making unified fiscal policy inevitable . 
  regional subsidies disincentivise national governments from investing in their poorest areas , but create pro-eu strongholds dependent on having their own country 's money routed to them through the eu . 
  industrial and farming subsidies warp the objectives of industries until they are so incapable of international competition that they rely on eu tariffs and subsidies to survive , making them and those who rely on them for employment backers of the eu . 
  the eu regards the will of the people , by and large , as an obstacle . 
  it 's a fundamentally condescending project , designed by the self declared ` enlightened ' to force the nationalistic proles to become internationalists . 
  unfortunately , you ca n't really govern in the best interest of a people you hold in contempt . 
  except that the parliament only get to vote on things the commission puts before them . 
  that 's like saying that it 's the chef 's job to cook what the diners at his restaurant want . 
  sure , they make the choice , but he 's the one who sets the menu , so he has the power to decide , ultimately , what his diners eat . 
  it is fundamentally incapable of doing so . 
  the changes people want are either on the way , if they are ` more eu ' or anathema to the very idea of the eu if they are anything else . 
  it 's ` ever closer union ' not ` the amount of union we can get a democratic mandate for ', 
  well , people keep going on about the uk taking a leadership role in the eu . 
  we just happen to be leading them to an exit . 
  i had a look , and theresa may is still prime minister with a solid majority . 
  so there wo n't be a referendum until it suits her , which will be after we leave the eu . 
  any eu deal would be long since concluded ( assuming a scottish referendum in 2019 , independence by 2021 and accession to the eu in about 2023 , on the fastest reasonable timescale for each of those things ) . 
  this would have to be a separate deal, 
  i imagine it 's preferable to ` spanish ' and invites fewer map reading sessions than ` catalan ' . 
  i 'd just go with ` british ' . 
  people know where that is . 
  we put it in the middle at the top of all the maps to help them find it . 
  these obvious cultural divisions are n't making a powerful case for ` european ' as an identity, 
  they still think the voting is based on music for some reason . 
  send muse . 
  take the lasers . 
  ruin the competition forever . 
  18 % of 20-30 year olds in the uk were born outside the uk . 
  it 's like free trade between the uk and eu now . 
  both sides would benefit , but one would benefit more , so the other will make demands . 
  all i can find from a cursory look around is that a bunch of people fled the city . 
  no indication of a systematic forced removal . 
  just regular war refugees . 
  i 'm sure it would be , as and when scotland joined the eu . 
  it 'd be interesting , though , because the uk would be in a position to make demands in those negotiations , since the eu would be the ones who wanted something from us . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how much the eu would give up to help scotland . 
  it 's also worth noting that roi is not in schengen , so scotland 's position would be more complicated than ni 's, 
  right . 
  i take it you have no idea about the history of gibraltar , or you 'd see why that was a pointless comparison , so i 'll endeavour to explain . 
  gibraltar was ceded to great britain as part of the treaty of utrecht in 1713 in exchange for british recognition of philip v as king of spain and an end to british involvement in the war of the spanish succession . 
  after the anglo-dutch allied forces had occupied gibraltar in the war , much of the population had left gibraltar to live in the surrounding areas . 
  the british population of gibraltar has been there ever since ( surviving multiple attacks and sieges by spanish forces as well as a protracted attempt by franco to isolate them and force capitulation ) . 
  as such , modern gibraltarians represent the longest period of continuous habitation by one group since the peninsula was permanently settled by the almohad caliphate in 1160 . 
  essentially , it 's closer to offering a referendum to say , polish silesia to see if they want to be part of germany , since they used to be part of prussia . 
  you 'd probably get a similar result . 
  the article says we do n't want empire any more , not that we 've given up on human rights . 
  gibraltar will be run by whoever the people of gibraltar want to run it . 
  the uk will back their decision by whatever means necessary . 
  looks a bit like the circle pit at a gig i went to in birmingham once . 
  mostly because it does n't really make sense as an extra-national identity for the uk . 
  i have far less in common with the average belarussian than with the average canadian . 
  hell , i 've probably got more in common with an aussie than with a frenchman . 
  why would european be the goto as far as extranational identities go ? 
  so you 're going to ban following national laws that do n't suit the eu ? 
  it 's an interesting move . 
  ca n't see the council agreeing to it . 
  like the way the tories have already cut back maternity leave from 52 weeks to the 14 week eu minimum ( they have n't ) and they 've removed the extra week and 3 days of paid holiday uk law guarantees over and above the eu minimum of 4 weeks ( again , they have n't ) . 
  it 's for some reason obvious that without eu safeguards , our workers rights would n't be significantly better than the eu minimums . 
  well you see , before the eu , we had zero workers rights whatsoever . 
  like on paid holiday , for example , the eu guarantees a minimum of 4 weeks . 
  without that guarantee , we 'd only have the 5 weeks , 3 days uk law requires . 
  or on maternity leave . 
  without the eu minimum of 14 weeks , we 'd only have the 52 weeks uk law gives . 
  without eu safeguards , the tories are sure to cut back things they could already have cut back significantly without breaching those safeguards , but have n't for no clear reason . 
  do n't get excited , it 's american beer . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/economic/136235 ), 
  it 's the goal of the irish government . 
  why else would they set such competitive tax rates ? 
  of course we are . 
  it 'd be bad for our economy , we do a fair bit of trade with scotland .
