  neither is good , but one is worse than the other to my mind . 
  i somehow doubt he 's been spending it on himself . 
  the eu spent taxpayer 's money on promoting itself , so nigel spent it running the opposing campaign . 
  well for one , you 'd pay international rates for calling people in the country you actually live in , as if you were calling from where you bought the plan . 
  i 'm fairly sure we can just regulate the services that companies can sell in the uk so that they ca n't include roaming charges . 
  the contracts are still under uk law . 
  ok , so clearly sarcasm is n't the strong suit of the colonials . 
  my point was that russia 's grounds for supporting eastern ukraine 's secession are as good as the us ' grounds for intervening in kosovo . 
  the imperialist bastard bit was a mockery of how people are keen to denounce in other countries things their own does ( i 'm aware that the uk has an imperial history , hence the irony in my describing people as imperialist ), 
  says the imperialist bastard whose country supported kosovo 's illegal secession from serbia . 
  we wo n't deny him access because the reasoning offered does n't work . 
  if being near an old man who frequently makes sexist or racist remarks was a problem for the queen , her marriage would have collapsed decades ago . 
  good to see . 
  well if there was to be an eu wide pr system , those countries that made voting mandatory would gain an advantage , as would those who held their local elections on the same day . 
  you do n't want countries pushing for influence by inflating turnout , and it 's important that the elections not be seen to give any country unfair advantage . 
  breaking from national parties stops it being just another stick to beat national goverments with . 
  also , you want these elections to be run under eu auspices and rules , not via the members . 
  it prevents nations interfering and asserts these eu elections as being above national politics . 
  i 'm angry at blair for breaking his pledge , and at the eu for helping him do it . 
  without the farce of renaming the constitution and making it harder to read rather than listening to the voters and changing it , blair could n't have hidden behind the claim that it was a different treaty . 
  so if someone ran for office on a platform of , say , closer eu integration , and then pulled their country out of the eu without a referendum , you 'd be on board with that because an elected representative did it ? 
  blair did n't exactly manage his alone . 
  the lisbon treaty was an exercise in the circumvention of democracy , from changing the name to get blair out of his manifesto pledge to the splitting up of the essential components of the rejected constitution into a series of amendments designed to do the same things in a harder to read fashion . 
  i 'd say a better shot would be a lower house with constituency links and an upper house that is elected on pr , with a minimum of 5 % of the vote for a party to get a seat . 
  no one country can feasibly furnish that without a gargantuan effort , so it would force multinational parties to the fore , and tie influence to engagement . 
  you 'd have to set voting rules centrally though . 
  no mandatory voting and no running it on the same day as other elections . 
  that way european parties would actually mean something . 
  yeah , but can you blame the researchers for not wanting to try to figure out what was in which country for how long over that time period ? 
  shit , they 're less inventive than belgium , a country we invented . 
  actually , they tend to be in favour of charity and voluntary giving like this . 
  to be honest , leaders do n't worry me as much as the congress results . 
  approval ratings are terrible ( around 14 % of people approve of how congress is working ) , yet incumbents who seek re-election secure it nearly all the time ( 95.9 % of incumbents who put their names forward in primaries went on to keep their seats in 2014 ) . 
  that suggests a legislature where people simply do n't care . 
  i ca n't speak for the average leave voter , since there 's little agreement on who that person is , but blair promised a referendum in 05 and did n't deliver because they 'd changed the name of the treaty so the promise did n't count . 
  then we got a ` cast iron guarantee ' from cameron in 07 and he did n't deliver because he 'd only promised to have a vote on the thing that blair ratified years before the election , if it had n't already been ratified by the election , and so when we finally got a referendum in 2016 , there was a general sense of ` this is our only shot at getting out ' . 
  i 'm not sure that the usa is a great model of healthy democracy , given the disconnect between approval ratings and re-election rates . 
  even in council , the larger nations have less power than their population would suggest . 
  the council needs to be removed entirely if a united european state is to function , since it serves to reinforce the national identities with which a united state is incompatible . 
  yeah , but the eurofederalist movement does n't do ` waiting for public support ' , which is a big part of its problems . 
  the uk leaving is far more a result of blair 's pushes for expansion and forcing through of the lisbon treaty than anything the leave campaign ever did . 
  i 'm aware of the reasoning . 
  does n't change the fact that it is undemocratic . 
  the problem is that while representatives see themselves as french people fighting for french interests in the eu , rather than europeans representing their local constituents in the eu , the eu ca n't function as a democracy . 
  the eu lacks a coherent demos from which to derive its power . 
  eu elections are wildly undemocratic . 
  i do n't know of any parliament in the world with a greater disproportionality between the populations represented by individual members ( french voters are worth around 1/12th of what maltese voters are . ), 
  the eu can either be a group of nations , or a democracy , but not both . 
  if it is a group of nations , it must ensure that the less populous nations like malta get a fair shout . 
  if it is a democracy , it must ensure that each person gets fair representation , so that people from large countries do n't end up with a fraction of a vote , as they have now . 
  in either case , it desperately needs to convince people to show up and vote . 
  turnouts are low and falling at eu elections . 
  yeah , would 've been fun to watch . 
  my bet is that we 'd have told him to get stuffed eventually . 
  our history of opposing slavery when other people do it is pretty much the only thing that even starts to make up for our history of profiting from slavery . 
  will do . 
  sure . 
  i 'm just not sure how leaving the eu constitutes a betrayal . 
  this is earth 's version of the world series . 
  claiming a much bigger area than it actually involves . 
  hardly backstabbing . 
  we chose to leave a political project . 
  the way you take him down is for him to lose an election . 
  all this would do is piss him off . 
  strictly , by uk law , he brought slaves as far as the airport . 
  he then illegally held free men captive , since any slave setting foot in the uk is automatically a free man . 
  it 's also about the only it project the government has ever managed a decent result from . 
  hillary had double digits leads over trump in polling at various points . 
  le pen will likely outperform polling , so this level of cushion needs to be maintained for me to feel comfortable about her not winning . 
  took me a few seconds of thinking ` micro ? ', 
  before i remembered that it was mu, 
  yeah , but the ep is such a political graveyard that mostly it 's either those who rabidly hate the eu and federalists that end up there , since everyone else tries to avoid it . 
  no i 'm not . 
  i 'm suggesting that the eu pushed forward with the popular bits , knowing for a fact that without the unpopular bits that nobody would choose if presented with them upfront would be later dragged through as a response to a crisis . 
  essentially , if you 'd offered schengen with a common asylum policy and a common external border force , there would n't have been any takers . 
  so the eu simply set up schengen without it and awaited the inevitable crisis . 
  now governments must either hand over soverignty to brussels or try to row back , which will be made as difficult and damaging as possible by brussels . 
  the may = thatcher meme seems to have caught on . 
  it is run by people who want a superstate , with a population that is n't signed off on it , for one thing . 
  so moves for federalisation must per force be done in an underhand fashion . 
  nobody wanted eu central control of government spending , so instead of proposing it , they introduced a common currency that required it to function properly and awaited the inevitable crisis . 
  likewise common external borders and immigration policy . 
  nobody wanted to give that over , so they introduced schengen , knowing it was fundamentally broken without common external borders and awaited the inevitable crisis . 
  the eu 's chief goal has been to bring states to a point where going forward , while undesirable , is less damaging than going back . 
  that 's one of the big reasons i chose to leave . 
  i knew that one day the uk was going to reach a point where we had to choose federalism or leaving , and that the longer we waited , the more the eu would have stacked obstacles to leaving . 
  anyone got the story on why france picked what is literally the symbol of the fascist ideology ? 
  people send money home , which moves wealth from the richer states to the poorer ones . 
  well , part of why we get less money is that we do n't charge a market rate for healthcare . 
  we charge other countries at or below cost , something no private hospital would do . 
  we gave our position on the euro . 
  it was and still is a stupid idea that we would n't touch with a 50 foot pole that we 'd borrowed from an acquaintance we do n't particularly like . 
  you 're going on 2016 alone rather than the period of the crisis . 
  yeah , you 'll get different results then . 
  it gives the contributions by country to syria , and to humanitarian aid in general in figure 4 . 
  uk beats germany on both counts . 
  still waiting to see your source . 
  true . 
  i 'm all for fighting defensively ( that said , i 'm in a reserved occupation , so it 'd just mean moving to a slightly shittier job for me if we went into a ww2 style all out war ) , but i would n't have said yes to this because almost all our wars are aggressive these days . 
  i was n't aware we were going to war .
