  why would we need to ? 
  that 's not a devolved area . 
  why would we need to ? 
  that 's not a devolved area . 
  well , the eec and the fall of fascism in spain . 
  we had a referendum . 
  it was well over 90 % against joint sovereignty . 
  we can have another if the spanish want , but i doubt that anything will convey ` piss off and stop trying to annex shit that does n't belong to you ' strongly enough for it to penetrate . 
  yes , but in the absurd hypothetical where spain were to decide to annex gibraltar , the uk would be a former member , and spain would be a former state , so it 's accurate . 
  if you like , yeah . 
  but that does n't mean that the formula would n't make scotland net contributors as an independent nation , just that they 'd have to find the money somewhere else . 
  not sure what exactly you 're asking . 
  the scottish pay # 64 net per capita per year to the eu [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/02/scots-pay-64-net-each-to-the-eu-but-english-pay-140-each/ ) . 
  however they have a per capita deficit that is # 1600 per head greater than the uk average , which is a fairly reasonable estimate of the money transferred . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/24/scotlands-huge-deficit-blows-15bn-hole-in-case-for-independence/ ), 
  my solution would be to present them with the options and allow them to choose their own rulers . 
  the same amount 2 . 
  it is , like ruk , a net contributor to the eu . 
  after leaving the uk , it might potentially be a net recipient , but only if it is hugely economically damaged , so it 's really like asking if it 's worth cutting your arm off for a free sticking plaster . 
  cultural benefit is hard to judge , but as part of the uk they retain their own legal system and have a lot of money pumped into projects like bbc alba aimed at preserving scots gallic as a language . 
  economically , it 'd be very difficult for anything the uk does to damage scottish trade as much as leaving the uk would . 
  unless the uk forbids all external trade , there 's no benefit to leaving the uk from a trade perspective . 
  scotland would arguably be more independent as an eu member , as it would have the legal ability to decide more things . 
  however , it would also have a massive unsustainable deficit , and the greeks can tell you how much freedom an independent state has when it 's being bailed out by the eu and imf . 
  he answered a hypothetical , always a silly move ( essentially , he was asked what would happen if spain were to attempt to take control by force , and rather than saying ` that 's stupid , of course they would n't do that ' , he answered the question accurately . ), 
  sure . 
  we can have joint sovereignty over gibraltar and the republic of ireland , if we 're proposing countries randomly assuming sovereignty where they are n't wanted simply because they are nearby . 
  to be fair , erasmus is essentially an attempt to implement that idea , acting more as a breeding program than an educational experience . 
  it 's brown sauce . 
  while brown sauce is suitable for many things , sexual lubricant is not on that list . 
  well , you 'd have to change some of the figures , as the ruk is way more important to scottish trade than the eu was to uk trade . 
  to quote the man himself ` every pub is a parliament ' . 
  nah , i 've been there , it 's really expensive . 
  it would , significantly . 
  yet another solid reason to diversify away from the risk that european trade is becoming . 
  yeah , i do n't think you 're quite clear on our priorities . 
  there is n't a point of ` not worth it ' here . 
  there never will be . 
  the people of gibraltar are british citizens , and we would n't ever let them be placed under a foreign government against their will . 
  this is ` to the last man ' territory . 
  there 's no price on basic human rights , and self determination is one of those . 
  the eu has nothing that could persuade us to put one british citizen under the thumb of a foreign power . 
  it 'd come out way cheaper for the nhs , we get massively overcharged by eu countries for the healthcare of brits abroad . 
  yeah . 
  i know what they are , and i feel they are a poor candidate for anal insertion . 
  i know what beans on toast is . 
  i just consider it a poor choice for anal insertion , especially with the degree of force implied by the word ` fire ', 
  like , a drier , scratchier form of a product made with yeast ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  why would you add toast to this ? 
  `` i 'm going to fire my beans up you backside '' * - henry vi , act 4 , scene 2 *, 
  are you imagining the accent ? 
  i assume it 's one of those machines from 1984 , but , like , an early beta version . 
  the key words are ** i 've seen ** , which tell you i 'm referring to things i 've seen . 
  ask your teacher if this is difficult for you , i 'm sure they can find some time to do reading comprehension with you . 
  i 've not seen millions . 
  i am only discussing my experience , as i thought the opening sentence made abundantly clear . 
  yeah we would . 
  questions would be asked . 
  questions like ' i wonder why those sheep look so much less worried than usual ? ', 
  and ` where did all this spare money come from ? ', 
  i think that 's the main difference i 've seen between remain and leave . 
  leave recognise there are some good points to both arrangements , and have chosen the one they feel is better . 
  remain refuse to acknowledge any points from the other side whatsoever . 
  i guess the ` there are no positives ' thing strikes you as a strong argument , but it 's basically the equivalent of rolling on the floor kicking your legs and screaming . 
  you might feel better , but it just makes you look like a child having a tantrum . 
  i mean , it 's basically an fta , so sure . 
  either way . 
  when you 've legitimately got universities holding training on how to ` deal ' with students who have right wing opinions and the vast majority of uni staff are labour or green voters ( 68 % at the 2015 ge , over double the precentage those parties got among the general population ) , it does n't exactly make it a good idea to express views that are n't in the pro-eu , left wing consensus . 
  it 's not going to help . 
  student politics is at a point where there are certain viewpoints that are ` unacceptable ' to the extent that if you express them , people will take it way too far and start trying to negatively effect your life . 
  fuck that . 
  you can no more express support for brexit than you could express support for the government or suggest that modern feminist movements are counterproductive and discriminatory . 
  there are too many children who see the world in terms of people who agree with them and people who are evil . 
  people who make arguments he ca n't respond sensibly to . 
  you mean the leave vote is going to make / r/europe posters pissy and childish ? 
  can we have another referendum ? 
  can i vote for leave twice in the new one ? 
  is that a direct quote from napoleon or are you just paraphrasing ? 
  ca n't find any ranking system that puts any eu country other than the uk in the top 10 . 
  it 's a joke about how , after brexit , there will be no world top 10 universities in the eu ( the uk has 4 , switzerland has 1 ) . 
  the best the remaining eu can muster is 33rd place . 
  shit , this thread is like the final of the / r/europe hate olympics . 
  who will come out on top ? 
  the anglos or the russians ? 
  * laughs in top 10 university *, 
  same thing . 
  the uk will still be in europe . 
  i was making that exact point . 
  the mods seem to have changed the image on the uk flair to an eu flag , presumably because they 're working on a barbaric timezone and it 's april 1st wherever they are . 
  [ the flag on your flair is wrong . 
  you seem to need this one . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ae/flag_of_spain_%281945_-_1977%29.svg/750px-flag_of_spain_%281945_-_1977%29.svg.png ), 
  yeah . 
  europe has a lot to be proud of . 
  hell depending on who you ask either 5 or 6 of the top 10 universities in the world are in europe . 
  for the next couple of years , some of those are even in the eu . 
  needs more labels . 
  some of it , to a degree . 
  i 'd say there 's a difference between pushing for equal treatment for your citizens and trying to annex territory based on a dispute of a centuries-old treaty .
