  if 20 % of a department of each bank left ( as is the suggestion here ) , it 'd be manageable . 
  that 's nearly enough tax revenue to fund half of the publicly funded bit of the garden bridge though !, 
  about $ 15.5 m in tax revenue . 
  bad news , but hardly the end of the world . 
  mate , the minute the ni lot vote to join you lot , we 'll be round with the keys . 
  they cost us a fortune and the only argument for keeping them is ` well , it 's our mess ', 
  yeah , that 'd be fun . 
  the eu decides to fight collectively , and for its first outing it 's an illegal act of aggression against a nuclear armed nation , for the crime of ` not being in our club ' . 
  best case the eu takes a severe hit to stability and a few hundred are killed . 
  worst case , nuclear exchange between france and the uk means there is n't much of a europe left . 
  no i totally believed that he was able to come up with lists of literally thousands of people to punish without any preparation . 
  eu right now : [ look at those silly people , do n't they know their boat is far too small ? 
  we should stay on our nice big ship ] ( http://www.ssqq.com/travel/images/titanic2012x009.jpg ), 
  flair checks out . 
  sturgeon just held a vote on whether scotland should remain in the single market in holyrood . 
  she 's fucking delusional ( for the eu lot out there , imagine the danish parliament voting tomorrow that denmark was going to have free trade with china , despite it not being their decision ), 
  yeah , the us speaker of the house is the right comparison . 
  people in the uk kept comparing it to the house of commons speaker , but that 's an apolitical position which requires neutrality from the holder , while the eu president ( either de jure or de facto ) shows overt political preferences and uses his powers over the debate as such . 
  i 've seen exactly one article by uk press ever that had to do with this , and it was about a woman who had men in balaclavas try to kidnap her in the uk , alleged to be romanian ( on the basis that romania had arrested her father in law , a newspaper owner , and had an eaw out for her husband ) . 
  came off more as a criticism of the eaw process being open to governments abusing it than of the romanian anti-corruption efforts in general . 
  yeah , an ecr presidential candidate would have been a good thing , even if they would just fail . 
  ukip were the party i was talking about . 
  it 's just that if the eu decides that doing a trade deal with the uk is n't what is best for the eu , then the uk will decide that cutting corporation taxes significantly is best for the uk . 
  i 'm sure that 'd be devastating for her . 
  we had a party running on eu issues come first in our eu elections . 
  admittedly , they wanted to leave it , but they were at least talking about the eu . 
  so what ? 
  that neither stops the eu making a reasonable trade deal nor prevents us from arranging our affairs to our best advantage if they do n't . 
  here 's the answer to the questions : should i be allowed to work in other countries : yes , if they choose to let me . 
  should people be allowed to come to the uk to work : yes , if we choose to let them . 
  if the supreme court rules as expected , yes . 
  but blocking it would mean a general election , and a general election would be a bloodbath in which the tories who voted against a50 would be deselected ( on the grounds that they broke a 3 line whip and voted against their own manifesto promises ) and we 'd end up with a more eurosceptic tory party with a huge majority . 
  then we 'd trigger a50 . 
  basically , they spent the last 6 months doing what the civil service should have spent the last year doing , but was prevented from doing by cameron . 
  they 've looked at what we can get and what we 'd have to give up , decided what to aim for and then announced their plan . 
  we 're not ` leaving everything ' , we 're leaving those bits we ca n't get without giving away stuff we do n't want to give away . 
  from point 4 of the 12 point plan : ` maintain the common travel area with ireland : we will deliver a practical solution that allows the maintenance of the common travel area with the republic of ireland ', 
  the great news is , if labour supporters want a different post-brexit strategy , they can vote for a government that will provide it . 
  i feel like if your reason for losing is ` we could n't be fucked to vote because our heads might have gotten wet ' , you kind of deserve to lose . 
  the tax war is what happens if the eu is unreasonable on trade . 
  we kind of can , and we 're not abandoning gibraltar , we 're just not making it the deciding factor for our entire foreign policy and a large portion of our economic policy . 
  how much policy do you think gibraltar should be able to dictate ? 
  what if there 's a conflict between the interests of gibraltar and the falklands ? 
  which one should be allowed to decide uk policy then ? 
  ah , so you do n't have to live here , it 's just convenient for you to do so . 
  can i suggest ` this is the country in which i choose to live ' for your next stupid outburst ? 
  again , it 's ` if you 're convinced that you 're somehow being held prisoner against your will , try leaving . 
  if armed guards turn you back at the border , return and continue your bitching . 
  otherwise , shut up ', 
  more accurately , if you 're writing in all caps about how you ` have to live in ' the country , when you do n't , it 's probably best for everyone if you stop your inaccurate bitching , and since you 're clearly not managing to well with the idea of ` having to do something ' , perhaps if you 're no longer in the country that bit of reality might just filter through to you . 
  i look forward to watching the search for a new scapegoat . 
  my bet is either the netherlands ( if wilders gets in ) or denmark . 
  nobody 's forcing you . 
  off you pop . 
  i think you 'll find that reports of our death have been greatly exaggerated . 
  as this sits at -16 , gbp has recovered back to where it was on the 12th . 
  bad luck , i guess . 
  you ca n't expect a country of millions to hobble itself for the convenience of a few thousand . 
  if you want that degree of disproportionate influence you need to be much richer . 
  it 'd also help if , when the vast majority of the people in the east voted for a president and that president won the election , he was n't overthrown and replaced with someone more pleasing to the people of western ukraine . 
  that sort of stuff tends to piss people off . 
  gibraltar has a choice . 
  it can be part of the uk , part of spain or independent . 
  if it wishes to be part of the uk , that means leaving the eu . 
  the falklands war was in the interests of the uk , since it is in the best interests of the people of the uk to impress upon the world the idea that british territory will not be taken by force . 
  what about gibraltar ? 
  they were heard , their votes counted just as much as everyone else 's . 
  that 's the way democracy goes . 
  would 've saved us a lot of money and a lot of hassle . 
  what do you want the uk government to do ? 
  it 's an entirely local issue and they 're not murdering each other , so it 's up to ni to sort it out . 
  a uk government intervention would do more harm than good . 
  oh no , petrol prices have almost reached 2011 levels ( in absolute terms , obviously in real terms they 're still below that ) pack it up lads , we 're finished as a country . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's a very easy , lazy way to attack people . 
  simple procedure : do the survey in a city , ask about the percentage of immigrants . 
  you 'll get an overestimate every time because they 'll speak to their own experience . 
  besides , the wrong conclusion tends to be drawn . 
  ` people think there are more immigrants than there are , so their opposition to immigration is based on misconceptions ' , whereas actually , people feel that there 's too much immigration and whether there are actually 15 % or 30 % makes no difference to them . 
  they are opposed based on experience , not stats . 
  someone who lives in boston , where over 10 % of the 2011 population had immigrated from eastern europe over a 10 year period , and which has been found to be the least integrated town in the uk , does n't give a shit if there 's almost no immigration in the scottish highlands or northern ireland . 
  sure , but the point is that you ca n't blame people for listening to an argument you 're refusing to make because you think they wo n't listen . 
  if you ca n't be bothered , do n't post anything , but do n't post smug non-arguments and insult people . 
  it wo n't convince anyone of anything beyond that you 're an arse . 
  i do enjoy the defences of the eu i get on here . 
  they 're always charmingly nonspecific and tend to avoid ever actually providing any information or making any argument . 
  it 's like a more verbose version of trump saying wrooong to things he disagrees with but ca n't argue against . 
  the banks were in london before the eu was a thing , they 'll be there long after it stops being one . 
  some of them were . 
  there have also been predictions of a downturn made long after cameron was gone that also failed to materialise . 
  no it is n't . 
  there 's lots of evidence you can use in that argument . 
  in fact , it 's one of the easiest things to argue with because of all the evidence . 
  [ this is what i got when i saw it ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/173/576/wat8.jpg?1315930535 ), 
  the problem with technocracy is that it derives its legitimacy from competency . 
  so when you wish to tell people that they must do as the smart people tell them , you have to make damned sure that the smart people get it right . 
  the pro-eu groups failed to do so , and so the uk public have chosen to have a go at running themselves . 
  it may or may not work out . 
  the long term damage of ignoring the vote is now greater than the damage of leaving . 
  if we leave , there will be some short term economic damage and possibly a slightly weaker long term growth outlook .
