  intelligence services cost money . 
  ours costs a lot more money than many eu countries ' combined . 
  trade deals are an important part of our intelligence apparatus ' funding , so it makes little sense to allow access to groups who are refusing such a deal . 
  may does n't have quite the level of hubris cameron had . 
  she remembers how she got the job , and wo n't be keen to lose it the same way . 
  they abandoned the centre ground in favour of embracing their left wing roots . 
  they seem to have forgotten that the centre ground is where all the voters are . 
  maybe we should invoice them . 
  # 1bn to put towards the # 60bn bill . 
  not really , the militant group in labour in the uk had a similar idea , which they phrased as ` it 's got to get greyer to get redder ' , the idea being that if things got really shit for people , they 'd be more motivated to join a socialist revolution and have less to lose by doing so . 
  likewise , if the majority of muslims were significantly oppressed , more would find that it was worth it to engage with the jihadis , having less to lose by doing so . 
  there 's no treaty in the world with the power to make that happen . 
  i thought it was a trade deal . 
  yeah , that famous abolition of roaming charges , which mobile operators have already found a way around on data , while also using it as an excuse to jack up prices . 
  118 % means that they 're otherwise a lossmaker , and greece is providing all their profits , plus wiping out losses equal to 18 % of those profits . 
  not a terribly enlightening number though . 
  it 's more that i reckon a stem phd gets you most places pretty handily . 
  i 'd be on the e2 tier of the us immigration sphere ( which means i 've got a solid chance of getting in with a job if i want to ) . 
  if it 's for a visit , however , i do n't need a visa for the usa at all . 
  we have a visa wavier program set up with them . 
  though if i want to come in by land from canada for some reason , i have to pay all of $ 6 for the privilege . 
  what 's the use of getting the right to get a job in , say , spain when there are n't any jobs to get ? 
  less than 1 million uk citizens are living in the eu . 
  it 's just not a good enough trade . 
  plus i doubt i 'd have trouble getting a visa anywhere i wanted one . 
  worst case it 'd be a proper incentive to learn the language before i go . 
  the eu charter of fundamental rights is essentially a rehashing of the echr 's decisions up to 2009 put together as a document so that the eu could pretend it , rather than the echr was the authority on human rights in europe . 
  we 'll still be in the echr , so there 's not really much difference . 
  i keep hearing about the ` eu rights ' , but i 've never got a good answer as to how they differ from the rights the uk gives us ( apart from being set by a different body ), 
  the major worries were the repeal bill and the agreement on the final terms of brexit from what she said . 
  it 's not destroyed , but it 's in a bad way . 
  the reason depends on who you ask . 
  tories will say waste ( and have a lot of evidence to back that ) , labour will say underfunding ( with similar evidence ) . 
  ultimately , the problems with the nhs are the same as they 've always been : people want more than they 're prepared to pay for , and people spending money that does n't belong to them on stuff that they 're not using will never care about value or quality . 
  that said , i can see there being a lot more problems with nurses soon , since they 're struggling for decent recruits and there might well be strikes coming up ( nurses pay is down about 14 % in real terms since 2008 ), 
  my guess is that the whips were n't confident of being able to get the brexit bills through . 
  bearing in mind that labour are lead by a man who could n't find an overcrowded train in britain , called an emergency protest against a bill and then missed it because he was busy voting in favour of that bill , and protested against his own decision to abolish the shadow minister for mental health , i do n't think it 's just advertising . 
  they will lose some seats to the lib dems . 
  they 'll gain far more from labour 's collapse though , so it 's not really a problem . 
  well , more because she 's got a thinner majority than she thinks she can get at a ge . 
  same reason any government would ever call a snap election . 
  at the moment tory rebels have a lot of power in brexit stuff , since it only takes about 10 to switch sides on any given bill to scupper it . 
  she wants a big enough majority to not need to worry about placating the rebels . 
  the argument here is that the ge is to facilitate brexit , after which there can be an independence referendum . 
  may will trot out the ` at the appropriate time ' line and move on . 
  [ corbyn has issued an official response ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yue9pq3zpk ), 
  he 's picked a bunch of pointless hills to die on ( eg . 
  the falklands ) , while managing to make a spectacular cock-up of even the easiest targets ( eg . 
  a simple point about train overcrowding turning into a weeks-long shitshow about how he lied about the fullness of a train or him [ repeatedly ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/corbyn-joins-thousands-in-trident-protest-10183280 ) [ being involved with protests against his own party 's policy ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/jeremy-corbyn-confuses-everyone-by-calling-for-reinstatement-of-shadow-mental-health-minister-post_uk_57e9035ee4b0db20a6e9c8a9 ) ) hell , on brexit he missed his own emergency protest against the a50 bill , because he was to busy in the commons making sure his mps followed his whipped vote in favour of it, 
  the speech was basically centred on ` labour , the lib dems and the snp are threatening to vote down various bits of brexit , i need a strong majority to make sure they do n't do that ' . 
  there was a nice line about them having to prove they do n't treat politics as a game ( by voting for a ge ), 
  can he at least wait until the danish turn up to provide artillery support for the estonia efp ? 
  otherwise we 'll end up doing it all ourselves , and that probably means my brother in law will be stuck in estonia for a couple of years . 
  so we know he 's down on chips with curds and gravy , but what 's his stance on putin ? 
  points to the first person to find this and fake a heart attack . 
  well , since the period where it was possible to request a vote under nice rules has run out , the majority of stuff is qmv these days . 
  so you just need to lobby the smaller countries . 
  i wonder what verhofstadt 's solution to the problems is . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say ... more powers for the eu . 
  yeah , a bunch of the criticisms of the turkish referendum apply here too . 
  not simply the first . 
  the first , the last , the most prolific and the only ones to achieve basically fuck all in the process . 
  even spain managed to be a globally relevant power for about 20 minutes at one point before retiring to bitch about the territory they lost and experiment with fascism . 
  ` ca n't ' here meaning ` would prefer not to ' . 
  there 's no reason in terms of the actual functioning of the institutions that they have to leave the eu . 
  it 's not as if they 'd cease to function the day the uk left the eu if they were still in london . 
  or rather , would it be a smart move to keep paying rent on an apartment if your landlord ripped the boiler out the month before you were due to leave ? 
  personal highlights : the one that labels ireland , gb and then ` uk ' as if we still owned ireland and had just dug a sea channel around the north . 
  the one that has australia . 
  the one that labels england , scotland and ni separately , but totally forgets wales exists . 
  the one that puts doctor who in scotland , rather than the two traditional locations of a. 
  a quarry in wales and b. london . 
  removing them before we stop paying our full fee is somewhat unfair . 
  if the uk is required to act like a member ( paying in and not engaging in trade negotiations with 3rd parties ) we should be treated like one , which means not pulling the agencies out . 
  they also managed to be one of the initiators of and biggest players in the transatlantic slave trade , but mostly escape the blame for it for some reason . 
  it 's actually quite clever marketing . 
  they are aware that a large portion of people think it tastes like shit , and that 's not going to change , so they did the whole ` love it or hate it ' thing to try to convince those who do n't find it utterly intolerable that they must be in the ` love it ' camp . 
  i guess that means we can stop sending money within weeks then . 
  literally every country in africa , for a start . 
  all we 'd need to do is unilaterally cut import tariffs by 3/4 ( which , oddly enough , would n't cut uk government income at all , since the vast majority of tariff income goes to the eu ), 
  because the eu requires us to put tariffs on them . 
  there 's a reason we import more coffee from germany than africa , and it is n't germany 's terrific coffee growing climate . 
  i guess , but you 'd think there would n't be that much difference between spain and portugal . 
  i think the spanish police 's reputation for attacking english fans has something to do with it too , almost every time an english team goes to spain , there 's some sort of clash with police . 
  i remember seeing a lot of stuff a while back about a disabled spurs fan in a wheelchair getting hit with batons by riot police over there . 
  i think that keeps the moderates at home and gives more room for travelling twats . 
  ` some guy ' here being the foreign minister of spain . 
  not a nobody , one of their top tier ministers of state , as compared to michael howard , who is a member of the conservative party , a distinction i could gain at the cost of # 5 . 
  i imagine i 'd have to pay a bit more for a peerage , but there are nearly a thousand peers , so even that distinction is relatively common as compared to being responsible for the foreign policy of spain, 
  no it is n't . 
  howard ( not in any capacity an elected official ) saying something dumb does n't ` cancel ' the spanish foreign minister announcing his intention to take the territory of another country at all . 
  it means that a random peer from the uk said something provocative in response to a provocative statement from the spanish government minister in charge of the relevant area . 
  if boris johnson had been talking up war , it 'd be vaguely equivalent ( though , of course , statements do n't cancel each other ), 
  it 's not a terrible idea , because it 's not like they 'll necessarily make any difference to votes ( if there 's one thing that our time in the eu has made clear it 's that 73 meps can be easily ignored , even on the rare occasions they have broad agreement ) , but it might give a bit of common identity , which is the thing the eu lacks . 
  a simple change would be to make council negotiations open affairs where the public got a record of who said what . 
  except when their foreign minister said on national tv that he 'd plant his flag on gibraltar , which is what started the recent discussion of it . 
  here 's the thread https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5662uh/spains_foreign_minister_vows_to_plant_his_flag_on/?st=j1hhy6i0&amp;sh=dc0c130b, 
  he who robs peter to pay paul may depend always on the wholehearted support of paul, 
  well , the uk 's net contribution is about twice the size of the netherlands ' , but you do have far fewer people . 
  interestingly , if you count the money the eu now asserts that the uk owes it , the total cost does go well over # 350m a week .
