  an awful lot of market talk though . 
  well yeah . 
  no need to worry about muslim communities defrauding postal votes , because you know they all voted for putin no matter what gets handed in . 
  i can see why it would be less of a problem in russia though . 
  for example , one problem associated with tower hamlets , the most homogenous muslim area in the uk , is rampant electoral fraud , with people essentially collecting stacks of postal votes and giving them over to local leaders to fill in as they choose . 
  of course , in russia , they could do the same thing , but it would n't make much difference . 
  there 's no need to worry about someone falsifying votes if you 're going to falsify the count later . 
  for a start , scotland 's independence is never a good threat . 
  as nice as the union is , i see no reason to keep scotland in if they do n't want to be here , and no reason to let them dictate to the rest of the uk either . 
  if they choose to go , it 'll be sad , but that 's not the ruk 's decision to make . 
  apart from that , our influence on the eu seems to amount to being either a stubborn blockage or the sole voice of dissent while everyone else plays at unity and shoots us dirty looks for daring to vote the wrong way . 
  it 's not a position that does us any favours . 
  if you 're not keen on the eu without the uk , then leave . 
  we 're not going to piss away billions of pounds each year keeping other countries company in a union which does n't represent our interests . 
  it 's the grammar school headmistress vs the comprehensive school geography teacher . 
  it 'd overrule ceta . 
  if we agree with canada that we 'll do something , we can change that deal with canada 's agreement . 
  the pound is also up against the euro by about 4 cents this week and up by 0.03 of a swiss franc . 
  your point is that dems would block anything trump did because he was trump . 
  i provided evidence to the contrary . 
  do you really think the democrats would oppose free trade with the uk ? 
  because he 's doing something they approve of ? 
  hell , bernie sanders wrote a list of stuff he 'd back trump on . 
  you can have a referendum on modifying the constitution to allow you to leave the eu and then leaving the eu . 
  laws ca n't make something impossible in a democracy if the people want to do it . 
  why would dems block an fta with the uk ? 
  shit , no wonder he wants to ban memes if you 're counting any mention of spain 's 42.6 % youth unemployment as one . 
  we 'll use our own halifax gibbets thank you very much . 
  i 'd note , since we 're on the europe board , that the electoral college is similar to the way meps are parceled out ( in result , if not directly in method ) , but with smaller disparities ( the gap in population per ev is about 4x from smallest to largest , while for population per mep it 's over 12x ) . 
  senate apportionment is similar to commissioners being 1 per country . 
  it also works in the uk ( where the correct number is 999 ) , because it 's ubiquitous enough on us tv shows that some people who are panicking will dial 911 rather than 999 , and it was just easier to make both work . 
  we also allow 112 . 
  he was the candidate because people actually wanted him to be a candidate . 
  hillary was a candidate because the dnc had promised her she would be and fiddled their primaries to make sure . 
  if you rig your primaries , you should n't expect people to vote for a candidate who needed rigged primaries to get the nomination . 
  fair . 
  nixon got over 60 % of the vote in 72 . 
  unless polling is very wrong , i doubt trump will do better . 
  hodgson was responsible . 
  we have n't won since 1966 , but that 's no excuse for harry kane on corners . 
  and copenhagen could be defined as a dane housing camp , on the basis that you can apparently just add the word camp without it meaning anything . 
  no way hillary would get another shot . 
  she 'd be the person who lost to trump . 
  that 's like getting knocked out of the euros by iceland . 
  you have to resign in shame . 
  traceability . 
  easier to collect tax , spot fraud etc. 
  the idea is that your navy allows you to project power by delivering every other part of your armed forces to the conflict zone . 
  we work through nato and will continue to do so . 
  no reason for us to join an eu military , especially when we 're leaving the eu . 
  for them to actually match nato , assuming that current members of nato remain in it , the militaries of sweden , austria , cyprus , finland , ireland and malta would have to be equal to the militaries of the us , uk , canada , iceland , norway , turkey and albania . 
  so your justification for sunday trading laws , in which they ban a group of consenting parties from conducting a mutually beneficial transaction because it 's the wrong day of the week is that if we do n't allow every bit of arbitrary legislation to go unchallenged , we 'll turn into a mad-max style dystopia where murder is legal . 
  i can only assume you 're taking the piss , since no language barrier causes you to change rolls-royce to roylces-royces . 
  also , they 're well known for their aircraft engines . 
  they 've been making them since world war 1 . 
  their merlin engine powered two of the most iconic british planes ever built , the hurricane and spitfire fighters . 
  i appreciate the effort you 've put into learning english , and i 'm sure your english is better than my attempt would be at whatever your native language is , but a lot of this is really hard to read and get the meaning out of . 
  so why should shops open at all ? 
  if you ca n't manage your life so that you 've got enough time to farm all your own food and manufacture all your own goods , why should others have to suffer ? 
  better question : why the fuck is it the government 's job to decide when shops can and ca n't open . 
  if they want to open sunday and have staff who are prepared to work on sunday , and i want to buy stuff on sunday why should the government insert itself into the affair and tell us all that we 're not allowed to conduct a mutually beneficial transaction because it 's the wrong day of the week ? 
  except in manufacturing all the satellites it launches . 
  you know , the whole reason it 's worth having the rocket . 
  we provide the satellites . 
  no reason to launch the rocket if there 's nothing to take up in them . 
  the engine gets a test around 2020 , not a full vehicle . 
  shit , really ? 
  any plans to implement it ? 
  i guess it 's good that we 're not reducing it , but we really need to step up our spending . 
  make sure reaction engines can get the funding they need for sabre, 
  because i 'm busy a lot of other days . 
  because it 's bad or because everything closes at 4 ? 
  i think he 's actually correlating the author a labour party mp , with lefties . 
  not unreasonable . 
  actually , we remained the sick man for a while after joining , and then thatcher broke the unions , which sorted us out . 
  i would n't disagree with that , there 's more uncertainty outside than inside , but you can hardly pretend that what the uk voted to join and what we now have are similar enough that we can assume the eu to be essentially static . 
  i 'd note that in the same article he goes on to quote figures from a poll with a sample size of 1010 people , based solely in wales taken 3 months ago , as a repudiation of the results , despite many other , more recent polls with bigger sample sizes showing the opposite result since then basically , his position is any measure of public opinion that finds what he wants it to find is reliable , and all the rest are n't . 
  the online one was always shit , it 's just that now it 's all that 's left so it 's turned into buzzfeed by way of the canary . 
  i do . 
  in fact this party 's final pre brexit poll gave a 7 point remain lead . 
  so if anything , this shows a 5 point swing towards leave since the vote . 
  the implication is that their polling found anything different before . 
  in fact , if we compare this to [ bmg 's final pre-referendum poll ] ( http://www.bmgresearch.co.uk/bmgherald-final-eu-referendum-poll/ ) , it 's a 5 point swing to leave, 
  [ violence baguettes violence ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_kvustxpeq ), 
  maybe she was a time traveller ? 
  if we put our minds to it , history can make sense . 
  i also propose that the netherlands were historically home to the best brothels in europe , hence the name . 
  ( it was orignally called nether regions , but over time that became nether lands , and then netherlands ), 
  romania could work . 
  we 'd just retcon history to make the romans from romania . 
  it 'd make a bit more sense anyway . 
  how would you feel about renaming bucharest to rome to make it fit ? 
  there 'd be a free colosseum in it for you . 
  they 'll presumably try their best within the relatively narrow confines of what the creditors will allow . 
  simple solution . 
  relocate it to somewhere with fewer earthquakes . 
  i suggest ireland . 
  they had the referendum to get support for not accepting the austerity terms . 
  the problem was that the eu was n't terribly interested in their opinion or that of the greek people and basically told them to do as they were told or bail out of the euro at a point where they 'd already done to much damage to their economy through austerity for leaving the euro and defaulting on the debt to actually help . 
  so they folded , and basically became a sock puppet for their lender 's policies on economic matters , while being generally bad at pretty much everything else .
