  i 'd be willing to bet they 'd be pretty much fine . 
  i 've never been unable to understand a native speaker , even a geordie, 
  you could add ` that could have gone better ' ( that was an unmitigated disaster ) ` could be worse ' ( this could not be made worse by anything short of a nuclear holocaust , and even that might well come as sweet relief ) ` ca n't complain ' ( i almost certainly can and will ) ` how are you ? ', 
  ( i am being forced by social convention to ask this question , but expect only ` fine thanks ' as a response ) ` fine , thanks ' ( i am being forced by social convention to answer your question ) ` rustic ' ( shithole ) ` eccentric ' ( mental ) ` unusual ' ( mental ), 
  it would to a geordie . 
  probably . 
  i can in fact simplify my own language if necessary , i just rather object to the idea that speaking my own language properly somehow makes it inferior to the simplified version used by non-native speakers . 
  children of 5 also use simplified language and i have to make allowances when talking to them . 
  i would n't say that makes them better communicators than adults . 
  in some occupations , saying things in such a way that you have definitely said them but it 's not necessarily possible for anyone to have understood them is a positive boon . 
  politics , for example . 
  basically , the greeks had a choice last time between one centre right party who advocated going along with eu austerity , one centre left party who said the same , a far left party advocating refusal of austerity , and an actual nazi party . 
  the far left party won , the centre left party was all but wiped out , the centre right came 2nd and the nazis came a pretty distant 3rd . 
  the far left party then held a referendum on the austerity terms , the greek people voted against austerity , and the government promptly went along with it anyway . 
  so now they 're going back to the centre right party , on the seeming basis that you might as well have an honest , relatively competent austerity government if austerity is the only choice you 're being given . 
  or more accurately , we are all speaking english , but only some of us are able to speak it well , and those who do should simplify for those who do n't . 
  i suggest that we have a vote immediately if she ever uses her executive veto . 
  it 's been over 300 years since it last happened though , so i doubt that 's going to be a problem . 
  so essentially , native speakers need to learn to talk to non-native speakers in a reduced pidgin english which strips all idiom or nuance from the language , because language teaching ca n't be expected to go beyond rote learning at any point . 
  basically , the state is the provider of healthcare , which is free at the point of access in many cases ( except for most people 's prescriptions in england , which carry a charge per item , dentistry in a lot of cases , as nhs dentists are n't able to deal with the patient load and opticians . ), 
  gps operate as subcontractors to the nhs , with their own small companies , but are paid by the nhs , not the user . 
  some services are provided by private companies rather than direct nhs employees , and this is apparently the harbinger of a usa style system which will be brought in any day now according to a lot of newspapers . 
  we will ratify it , and if another member blocks it , we 'll keep a copy , and sit around crossing out the bits that say eu and writing uk instead ready for our formal exit from the eu . 
  yep , and you can bet we 'll be negotiating for an extension , if not a wider ranging deal before that 's over . 
  well , we used to have free trade , but then a bloke called edward heath decided to sign us into the eec , and we had to adopt their trade barriers to commonwealth countries . 
  yeah , but if you sign a deal with guns n ' roses for a 20 stadium tour , you 're entitled to be a bit pissed off if slash quits the band after 2 gigs . 
  it 'll be great to restore that link . 
  i think the point of confusion is that while both lords and mps may propose legislation in the uk , the commission can propose eu legislation , but the parliament ca n't ( they can request that the commission do so , but the final say on the wording and what riders get attached to a law goes to the commission , since they can also withdraw a bill that gets amended in a way they do n't like and try again later ) . 
  so the uk parliament can write a bill containing exactly what it wants and pass it without the lords being able to do any more than slow them down by a year , whereas in the eu , the parliament can only pass bills that the commission allows it to pass , and any amendments are subject to an effective veto from the commission . 
  ( it 's also worth pointing out that the lords have n't had a veto since the parliament act 1911 ), 
  quick correction , the lords do n't have veto power . 
  they have the power to significantly delay a law , but the parliament act can always force it through in the end . 
  the queen has notional veto power , but that has n't been used in centuries and would require overwhelming public support to avoid immediate abolition of the monarchy, 
  uk constitution is 0 pages . 
  we just sort of work it out as we go . 
  yes we will , we were one of the biggest proponents of the deal , and yes it remains binding for 20 years whether we leave the eu or not . 
  once again , strong currencies depress exports , so the weakening of the currency can boost export industries and correct the balance of trade , currently off by around 8 % , hardly an insurmountable discrepancy . 
  i feel like your grasp of economics is way too shaky to be shooting your mouth off the way you are . 
  by orders of magnitude , you mean about 8 % more . 
  it can help by making our exports more competitive . 
  you 're assuming the negative trade balance is n't caused at least in part by the strong currency . 
  that 'd be fine , except you started by calling yourself anti-uk . 
  you ca n't roll back on being a bigot . 
  i suggest you embrace it . 
  there 's a fine history of bigots who hate the uk trying to make a european superstate . 
  you seem to think a strong currency is the measure of a good economy . 
  so i guess there 's more than one misinformed person here . 
  the strong euro is what 's stifling southern europe . 
  yeah , a strong currency is great . 
  look at all the spanish people , they 're really glad their unemployment benefits are paid in a nice , strong currency . 
  the uk is a country , the eu is a political movement that happens to have some countries agree with it at the moment . 
  it 's the difference between being anti-nazi and anti-german . 
  ` historic guilt ' : merkel always signs any open borders agreement offered to her . 
  sorry , we could n't decide whether you were on our side or not , so we did n't want to take the risk . 
  it changes so often . 
  we 're bound to honour it for 20 years as i understand it . 
  what i 'll say , as an actual eurosceptic rather than a caricature , is that concluding ceta is great news , and i 'm glad the eu has finally managed to sort it out . 
  that the deal has taken over 2 years from the conclusion of negotiations to reach this point is not good , but overall this ca n't really be taken as a bad thing . 
  yeah , i somehow doubt this is anything but someone pushing an agenda . 
  given that london less than half white british and voted heavily for remain , it seems unlikely that the leave voters among that 45 % have gone all mad max on the rest . 
  yet he never had a flick through an english dictionary to figure out that we base words on people sometimes ( eg . 
  boycott , jackanape , nosey parker or dunce ) but that does n't mean we 're saying that the person is exactly like the irish land agent , 14th century duke of suffolk , 16th century archbishop of canterbury or 13th century scottish theologian from whom the term arose . 
  whether or not you agree with farage , the final bit from schulz is utterly unacceptable from what is supposed to be an impartial chair . 
  he 's abusing the position of president , which is supposed to be about co-ordinating the debate so that he can take ( in this case inaccurate , given clegg 's insistence on the widely debunked 3m jobs figure ) shots at his political opponents . 
  even if you do n't like farage , this sets a hell of a precedent for the role of president of the chamber . 
  if we 're smart , we 'll kill it on request from other states . 
  ireland , estonia and a few others wo n't want it , so we can use our veto and let them save face . 
  usa 's is inflated by donations to religious institutions which count as charitable giving but do n't actually go to helping people ( megachurch anyone ? ), 
  germany : knock knock poland : who 's there ? 
  g : tanks . 
  p : tanks who ? 
  g : we 're invading again . 
  no joke . 
  pre or post would n't make a difference , if the headline did n't specifically say ` post-brexit ', 
  plus there 's spousal migration , which still pulls quite a bit from cultures where arranged marriages are somewhat common , since there 's a tendency to view prospective uk citizenship as an asset to be offered when arranging a marriage with someone in a less developed country . 
  not banned , just subject to the same requirements as everyone else . 
  i 'd rather have 300,000 skilled workers from anywhere on the globe than let unskilled workers in because they happen to be from somewhere vaguely nearby . 
  no , in the context of immigration policy it 's when you can decide whether a given person is or is n't a benefit to your country and let them in or refuse them entry accordingly . 
  you know , like pretty much every developed non-eu nation does . 
  sorry , i assumed that when you mentioned ratings agencies , you were referring to their actual work of rating financial instruments rather than their general opinions of things . 
  if you say ` interpol rate greece as excellent ' i tend to assume it 's something to do with crime , rather than being their opinion on the quality of the uzo . 
  sorry , i had assumed you looked it up , but your reply indicates otherwise : greek debt is rated : s&p : b - ( stable outlook ) moody 's : caa3 ( stable outlook ) junk debt is defined as any instrument rated bb or lower by s&p or ba and lower by moody 's . 
  so greek debt is rated as junk by both , and not the high end of junk either, 
  ratings agencies see it as stably junk . 
  yeah , but it 's a bit of a reach to declare greece stable halfway through a bailout . 
  if you plan 3 years of repairs to a bridge , get half way through , and the bridge is in a position where if the repairs suddenly stopped and it was left alone it would collapse , i would n't call that a stable bridge . 
  if other countries are still shovelling in money to keep it afloat , it 's not stable . 
  it 's like saying ` this house is fine . 
  we knew the fire would spread to this room and so we had already scheduled a fire engine to fight it ', 
  it 's deliberately misleading . 
  if i wrote an article entitled ' / u/rok182 's child porn collection ? 
  police find thousands of images of horrific abuse ' and then wrote an article about a raid on some random paedophile 's house , it would n't be ok just because i put a question mark . 
  which has about 5 buildings available capable of hosting more than 2000 people . 
  you realise that greece had to be bailed out again not 24 hours ago right ? 
  it 's not even stable over the course of today . 
  fire up the motors hidden in the wind turbines , we 're taking this island out to sea . 
  that 's what you get for forging an alliance with the british . 
  [ bbc do it ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/3334710/thumbs/o-bbc-weather-570.jpg?7 ), 
  i do n't doubt it, 
  it could indeed be ascribed to the nasty atmosphere of the campaigning , but it still does n't justify that title .
