  still , we 've dealt with continentals trying to annex our territory before . 
  we can do it again . 
  ` creating the atlantic slave trade ' spain and portugal got there first mate . 
  they began the atlantic slave trade about a century before the first british colonies in america were even founded . 
  let 's knock the next few myths off now : ` ok , so they did n't start it , but they did most of it ' wrong again , portugal was the biggest slaving nation . 
  ` but the british are proud of it ' nope , in fact we really are n't , to the extent that we not only banned slavery , but actively sought to destroy the practice , using the royal navy to free slaves and punish slavers . 
  except they ca n't . 
  they can veto a deal , but not the uk actually leaving . 
  if they 're prepared to deal with the fallout from vetoing a deal which 26 eu members are happy with over this ( especially if that deal includes continued intelligence co-operation ) , then good luck to them . 
  i guess we 'll just have to start helping out catalan independence groups . 
  also , there was a budget review due before the referendum that got pushed back , which seemed suspect to me . 
  all governments like spying . 
  ours just happens to be good at it . 
  i was simply explaining the difference between being in the eu and trading with the eu , as it relates following eu regulation . 
  the question of whether the benefits outweigh the costs is up to the reader . 
  god forbid regulations help small companies for a change . 
  they do , when they export to the eu . 
  likewise , eu goods going to the usa must follow us rules . 
  sometimes , this makes trade impractical . 
  to give an example , the uk forbids the sale of pressure washed eggs , while the usa forbids unwashed eggs . 
  so , even if there were n't massive tariff barriers , it would be tough for a farmer to export from one to the other . 
  this is one of the most common criticisms i see , the ` but to trade with the eu , you 'll have to follow the eu 's rules ' . 
  to give a simple analogy , to work at mcdonalds , you have to wear a mcdonalds uniform . 
  that 's the trade deal option . 
  the eu option is having to wear a mcdonalds uniform all the time , no matter what you 're doing . 
  if we 're trading with the eu , then those businesses who are exporting to them ( less than half our exports , which are n't by any means our entire economy ) have to follow eu rules . 
  everyone else does n't . 
  when you 're in the eu , everyone has to follow them . 
  [ i enjoyed this article , in which he has lunch with a fairly hostile journalist ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/864c3a96-fbf1-11e5-b5f5-070dca6d0a0d ), 
  exactly . 
  juncker and farage would be a great night out , but i 'm not sure i 'd be keen on having either of them run anything important . 
  yeah , but it bears repeating , since the snp seem to need a lot of repeats of that concept to take it on board . 
  i think most of your gripes could be more easily and effectively solved by moving to pr than by independence . 
  scotland is n't that much different politically to england , it 's just that we lack a ` have the rest of the uk pay for our stuff ' party . 
  snp ideas are n't actually some radical departure from the norm , they 're basically what most of the tories would do if they did n't have to worry about where the money was coming from . 
  what the snp has done , very effectively , is fostered this myth of scottish exceptionalism . 
  polling on trident , for example , is about even , but the snp think it 's bad so they give the impression that the scottish people are overwhelmingly opposed to it . 
  as to immigration , scotland wants roughly the same as ruk . 
  it 's just that for large portions of ruk , getting what scotland currently gets would be a massive reduction . 
  nope . 
  they do n't have the public support for it . 
  may will hold off until we 're actually out of the eu and keep pointing to the polling , [ which says that scottish people do n't want another referendum yet . 
  ] ( http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/when-do-you-think-anotherscottish-independencereferendum-should-be-held-asked-a#line ) if sturgeon ca n't move the ` referendum before we leave ' numbers up from 32 % to over 50 % , i do n't see may having much trouble . 
  sounds good . 
  if scotland keeps 100 % of uk debts , we 'll agree to it . 
  otherwise , i see no benefit for england and wales . 
  reddit is n't representative . 
  if it was , milliband would be pm , scotland would be independent already , the lib dems would be polling at about 40 % and we 'd have voted remain by a landslide . 
  sure , but the proposition here is n't the same . 
  it 's not ` do you want to stay in both the eu and uk ' , it 's ` do you want to leave both the eu and the uk and then apply for eu membership ' . 
  so all the economic arguments the remainers had last time no longer play for them . 
  even in a straight ` eu vs uk ' comparison , scotland does about 3x as much trade with the latter . 
  the argument will have to be based on control , and it 'll be tough to sell the idea that a scotland with a huge deficit will have much control if they join the eu . 
  the example of greece will be used frequently . 
  i think you missed a tit . 
  to clarify , [ this was an actual tory campaign ad run across england ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2015/3/10/1425949950657/4d476e3e-f3a2-441c-b636-fd711ab8b669-bestsizeavailable.jpeg?w=300&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=4a167d1fd01c6ce785604f3c3dee7799 ) . 
  people did n't like the idea of a coalition where the snp were the kingmakers , because they did n't trust the snp to do anything other than screw as much money for scotland out of everyone else as possible . 
  if you remember , everyone was expecting a hung parliament , with a good chance of a lab-snp coalition . 
  so if the snp votes had gone to labour instead , that would have put their polling into a much healthier place , and without the spectre of sturgeon getting near number 10 there would have been a solid chance of milliband pulling it off , or at least ending up in a lab-lib agreement of some sort . 
  cameron did n't win by much . 
  if scotland had looked like voting labour at the last ge , then labour would probably have won , since the ` vote tory to keep the snp out of government ' play would n't have worked . 
  and yeah , labour have clearly shown no interest in scottish issues . 
  it 's not like they instituted an entire parliament for scotland or devolved a bunch of powers to it . 
  spend it on joint projects , rather than subsidies . 
  if there 's something that is n't achievable with one country 's resources , like jet was n't , then we should group together . 
  the eu has rather a lot more ground to cover than we do . 
  so work towards a credible opposition . 
  scotland 's insistence on electing nationalists who are more interested in desperately trying to find any excuse for another referendum than engaging with the country their people voted to be a part of is a big part of why we have a tory government now . 
  a lot of people voted tory to keep sturgeon away from government , because she 's made it clear that she does n't give two shits about anything south of berwick . 
  yes , your state has a duty to keep you safe . 
  mine has a duty to keep me safe . 
  mine does n't have a duty to make up for the failures of yours and if it chooses to do so , it should only do so if that is in its interests . 
  if eu states act like allies of the uk , which includes making a reasonable trade deal , then it is our interests to help them . 
  if they act in a manner hostile to the uk , which includes hindering the negotiations to score political points , then supporting those governments by covering for their deficiencies in intelligence is no longer in our interests . 
  we can be allies , or we can not , but what will not be tolerated is a scenario where eu decides to take shots at the people who are acting to safeguard it . 
  you do n't get to have your cake and eat it . 
  petty revenge or safety . 
  pick one . 
  an ally would make a reasonable deal . 
  the uk would n't put an ally 's security on the negotiating table , because it would never need to . 
  if the eu shows itself to be hostile to the uk , by being unreasonable in the negotiations , it can hardly expect us to give sensitive information to a group acting to harm our people . 
  the greeks who killed themselves because of the austerity imposed on their country are as dead as they would be if they 'd been shot by terrorists or rounded up and murdered by government troops . 
  i fail to see how making the death threats slightly less direct makes them any more acceptable . 
  is someone killed by a terrorist more dead than someone who dies because we ca n't afford an expensive cancer drug , or because they needed someone to talk to but could n't get to a psychiatrist in time ? 
  trade or security , it makes no matter . 
  both sides are threatening to harm people if they do n't get what they want . 
  there 's no high ground here . 
  sure , but fewer than visit the bbc or ladbible or about 4 different porn sites . 
  because newspapers are a dying medium and 3.1 million out of 64 million is n't actually a lot . 
  yeah , i had a look at their cover and it 's just a fucking mess . 
  [ who thinks this is how you lay out a front page ? 
  there are a lot of people on both sides who 'd rather have an outcome that vindicates their beliefs than one which is best for everyone . 
  in general , these are the ones who are least confident in their arguments , largely because they 're relying on hearsay rather than having done their research . 
  this sub is totally consistent . 
  if the uk wants something , it 's cherry picking and should n't be allowed , and if the eu wants something , the uk should n't be treating whatever it is a bargaining chip and it 's morally disgusting that we 're even having the conversation . 
  you can boil 90 % of the sub down to ` eu good , everyone else bad ' . 
  my theory is that the eu is providing the outlet for nationalistic feelings for a lot of countries that either ca n't openly express national pride for historical reasons ( eg . 
  germany ) or just do n't really have much to be proud of . 
  i also think that 's largely why the uk has been so at odds with the eu . 
  most british people just do n't feel the need to abandon our national identity for a new one , and those that do can choose to go for subunits of the uk rather than ` european ',
