  for example , if it 's triethylamine , odds are you 've got british made sarin ( because it 's a shit choice and nobody in their right mind would copy it ) hexamine is syria 's trademark , and matches weapons previously used by the assad regime . 
  to be fair , if you had samples of the syrian labs ' output and samples from the site , impurities could be distinctive enough to have good confidence . 
  to be clear , indpendent.co.uk and the independent newspaper were always separate journalistic and editorial entities . 
  when the independent newspaper dies , the journalists that worked on it got laid off , they did n't go to the website . 
  the website is bascially just using the good name of the paper . 
  yeah . 
  everyone loves bigger net contributions . 
  the 10bn is net , after you get rid of the money spent on the uk . 
  there 'd need to be 10bn per year of cuts to stuff the uk is n't involved in . 
  well , in general the wto frowns on the idea of freezing assets of other member countries that have n't actually done anything illegal . 
  the eu would have to demonstrate that the asset freezes were justified for the security of eu nations ( which amounts to a requirement to demonstrate that the uk was planning military action against the eu , a tough proposition ) or demonstrate that the assets were involved in criminal activity ( which would be equally difficult ), 
  did we sign a contract to pay into the eu ? 
  also no . 
  so the liabilities are n't in a treaty , and they are n't in a contract . 
  is your next move to explain how what the eu reckons is somehow legally binding ? 
  it 's entertaining , but it wo n't hold up in court . 
  ( though , hilariously , it does n't matter if it does , since we have a veto on the decisions of the only court that has jurisdiction ), 
  we could . 
  no idea why we would though . 
   sue and freeze assets if it goes that far - / u/alxzen66 , 36 minutes ago that 's what i was responding to . 
  why would i need the eu to back up your hypothetical before answering it ? 
  well , the icj result can go 1 of 2 ways . 
  either it rules that the uk does n't have to pay , or it rules otherwise and any enforcement of that decision is vetoed by the uk . 
  so in practice , even if the eu were to somehow win the case , it would end up with nothing . 
  so pursue illegal sanctions and get fined massively by the wto while attempting a lengthy court case the eu has little chance of winning , and which the uk can veto any enforcement of the decision on ? 
  sounds terrifying . 
  yeah , i 'm going to side with the people who have examined international law on this one . 
  to quote those people `` under international law the uk will not be legally obliged to contribute to the eu budget if an agreement is not reached at the end of article 50 negotiations '' . 
  in large part , it 's due to the abolition of crisis loans . 
  while people who needed such loans used to get them through central government , that function has been devolved to local councils . 
  a lot of them direct people to food banks rather than simply giving them money . 
  at this point , we 'd be long past caring what the eu thinks of us . 
  if they 've got to a point where they are deporting uk citizens , we 're pretty much done with any sort of diplomatic ties . 
  what would remain would be to conduct our response in the way that damages them most . 
  intelligence services could fail to stop a terror attack for any number of reasons . 
  standing idly by while people die because they ca n't afford cancer drugs is abhorrent . 
  i see no good reason why the uk taking an action that is likely to lead to deaths of eu citizens is any different from the eu taking an action that is likely to lead to the deaths of uk citizens . 
  all you 're offering is a statement that one is good while the other is bad . 
  not a reason . 
  free movement is n't happening . 
  that 's something the uk would actually walk away over . 
  as to the expulsions , the foreign office is n't stupid enough to simply kick everyone out . 
  it 'd be done in such a way as to best provoke inter-eu tensions . 
  so we start with countries like romania where there are very few uk citizens , hurting those who were most keen for a reciprocal migration deal and most belligerent about trade while avoiding hitting places like spain . 
  those are the ones which had organised forces committed . 
  free france tends to act as a bit of a catch all for smaller groups since they picked up lots from other resistance forces and volunteer groups . 
  there 's no itemised listing ( the eu is sensibly not releasing that because it 'd be way too easy pick it apart ) but here 's [ a reasonably good summary ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/eu-wants-up-to-60-billion-exit-fee-in-brexit-negotiations-article-50-2016-11 ) it 's worth noting that some of the demands for money include the uk 's share of a hypothetical irish bailout , and the money the uk would in theory have had to give to the eib if every company and country they 've given loans to were to default simultaneously tomorrow . 
  the 2 billion would n't be unreasonable . 
  it 's the other 60 odd that is . 
  if the eu agrees to a reasonable , mutually beneficial trade deal on fair terms , it is an ally of the uk , and is thus the risks of sharing intelligence are acceptable . 
  if the eu refuses to negotiate such a deal and seeks instead to damage the uk , we can only assume that it is now hostile to the uk , and are actively working to undermine our security ( as paying for the security services is a vital part of actually having them ) . 
  it would thus be irresponsible to expose our intelligence assets to such countries . 
  poverty kills people , lack of money for hospitals kills people . 
  the only difference between refusing a reasonable trade deal and refusing to share intelligence is the rapidity of the deaths you are allowing to happen . 
  ultimately , the uk government has a responsibility to prioritise the lives of the people of the uk . 
  from the eu 's point of view , there will be no substantive legal difference between sudan and the uk once we leave . 
  non-eu countries are non-eu countries , and that means the member states set immigration policies , not the eu . 
  the example you give of ceta does n't quite work . 
  if the eu was going to demand the uk unilaterally allow eu citizens to remain without guaranteeing uk citizens the same ( as it could n't ) that would be legally possible but would require massive concessions on trade , which the eu does care about . 
  why pay for something when you can get it for free ? 
  the eu does n't care about the reciprocity , so it 's easier to let the member states do reciprocal deals than to tie these deals to trade . 
  the eu ca n't really walk away without a deal if that means citizens of certain member states being expelled from the uk . 
  so they 'll either need to invade in the daytime or bring some form of night vision equipment . 
  so that rules out invasion by any force less well equipped than the average police force in a large city . 
  not really . 
  simply taking the sensible position that any group which is prepared to deliberately damage the uk ca n't be trusted not to compromise our intelligence assets . 
  either the eu are uk allies , which means they 'll do a mutually beneficial details , or they are n't which means we ca n't trust them with intel . 
  i was only counting the people who intended the liberation to happen . 
  i guess the response would be something along the lines of the following ` we are deeply saddened that the leaders of the eu nations felt that damaging the uk was a greater priority than the lives and safety of their own citizens . 
  we regret that we could not risk our intelligence assets by exposing sensitive data to countries whose priorities are so clearly and woefully misaligned . 
  we wish to express our sincere condolences to the families of those killed in this tragic event and ask the people of the eu to urge their leaders to abandon their petty attempts to harm the uk and instead work with us against the common enemies that all civilised nations share . ', 
  then we just keep pushing the line that if the eu nations care more about hurting us than stopping terrorists , they 're clearly a security risk and we ca n't put our assets at risk if the uk is to keep its own borders secure . 
  this holiday brought to you by forces from : - the italian resistance/kingdom of italy - the usa - canada - free france - india - mandatory palastine ( worst country name ever ) - south africa - poland - brazil - australlia - new zealand - greece - brazil - belgium - syria - czechoslovakia - the uk, 
  it 's fun that there 's a little dig at england , without whom you really would n't have had a liberation day to celebrate . 
  perhaps our old people are more hateful because our hateful people from that era did n't die defending a fascist state . 
  nato efp . 
  in practice , it means that any russian attacks on eastern europe require them to go through some forces belonging to people who have nukes . 
  it 's the best counter to salami tactics that we 've come up with . 
  it 's harder for the us , for example to say ` no big deal ' if there are dead us soldiers than if it 's just the invasion some country most of the people could n't point to on a map . 
  maybe it was a hot day and they took its coat off . 
  wow . 
  even discussing plan b puts him way more hardline than any of our leaders ever were . 
  ( though it might just be a cultural difference in approach . 
  as i understand it there 's more willingness to openly ignore the rules from france and germany than the uk ( eg . 
  the eurozone deficit limits ) ), 
  i think you 've misunderstood how this part of the negotiations works . 
  the eu has no powers to dictate immigration policy for non-eu states to members ( eg . 
  the eu could n't pass legislation requiring romania accept 100000 immigrants per year from sudan ) . 
  non-eu immigration policy is the sole preserve of national governments . 
  trade deals are the sole preserve of the eu , and member states ca n't negotiate trade deals with non-eu countries unilaterally . 
  as such , the trade and immigration negotiations must be separate , to avoid either setting a precedent for members making their own trade deals or the eu setting immigration policy . 
  that means that the immigration deal becomes something of a dead rubber , with little to gain for either side beyond the mutual deal may proposes , since the eu ca n't use trade as a lever to get some sort of concession ( since they are n't in the negotiation and the people who are ca n't make offers on trade ) , and may ca n't use the fact that there 's a much smaller number of brits in the eu than eu citizens in the uk to get anything she actually wants ( because she wants trade concessions , which the people she 's talking to ca n't give ) . 
  cameron said he 'd try to get reforms then give us a referendum . 
  if you actually wanted to leave , demanding reforms that seem reasonable at home but are practically guaranteed to be slapped down would be the best opening move . 
  i guess it depends how much you trust your own government to agree to the offer of a reciprocal deal that may made months ago . 
  whoops , so it is , i 'll edit, 
  yeah good luck with that . 
  the uk has plenty of points of leverage the eu ca n't afford to ignore . 
  losing access to intelligence on terrorists is just the start of the problems the eu could have without a deal . 
  as i said , there 's always the option of sticking to the numbers and ending up with nothing .
