  not at all . 
  a rejoin referendum is fine . 
  the attempts to stop the leaving process are what i object to, 
  we have some mountains . 
  snowdon and ben nevis spring to mind . 
  sorry , i think there 's been some misunderstanding . 
  * on this specific subject * the eu are the ones trying to cherry pick which parts of the uk-eu relationship they want to keep . 
  the uk are not . 
  * in general * it turns out both sides are keen on keeping different parts of the relationship . 
  if the eu wishes to ban ` cherry picking ' as it calls the process of negotiating for things you want , it will find that such a ban cuts both ways . 
  yeah , it 's something i 've noticed about the pro-eu lot . 
  everything the eu could offer the uk is a grand and charitble concession of which we are not worthy , but everything the uk can offer the eu is something that we should be giving them for free and we 'd be horrible bastards for even considering using as a negotiating tool . 
  sorry , does n't really fly . 
  we have stuff they want , they have stuff we want . 
  our government 's only moral duty is to get the best result for the people of the uk , and that means using every asset we have . 
  if the eu blocks trade and someone ends up dead because we could n't fund their cancer drugs , it 's morally no different to an eu citizen being killed in a terror attack we could have prevented . 
  and if we , out of high mindedness , refuse to push for a good trade deal with all our resources , then our government would be as culpable in that death as the eu . 
  they are , but there 's really no evidence that they have . 
  polling shows that a strong majority support pushing on with the process of leaving . 
  well , on this particular subject , it 's true . 
  it turns out that cherry picking cuts both ways . 
  the persistent ` you 've fucked up by allowing democracy , are you sure you want the proles to have a say ' rhetoric is n't helpful , and it 's not really going to convince the uk that returning to a union where there is such clear contempt for democracy would be a good idea . 
  the decision was made . 
  mistake or not , reversing it now would be far more damaging than carrying it through . 
  how could we continue as a democracy if we made it plain to people that their decisions only count as long as those in power agree with them ? 
  if we 're leaving , we lose the basis on which we 're in europol . 
  that means we need a new agreement for that . 
  which ca n't be ` europol gets full access to uk intel with no reciprocity ' . 
  so we 're stating the terms on which we 're prepared to do that deal . 
  hardly unreasonable . 
  or rather ` we wo n't negotiate a trade deal until you pay us what you would have paid us in the last one , had you not left , and also pay us what you would have paid us if every loan the eib ever made defaulted and needed recapitalising , just in case that happens . ', 
  assuming that the eu powers are willing to do that deal . 
  hollande has been saying that they wo n't start negotiations while the uk is in the eu , which will inevitably mean that the eu is left without uk intelligence cover for some time . 
  thanks !, 
  indeed . 
  if the eu puts too much economic pressure on the uk , it 's hard to see how we 'll be able to justify , for example , maintaining economic sanctions on russia . 
  should i delete it ? 
  it 's a statement that as of us leaving there is no deal , and any deal will need to be made on reciprocal terms . 
  if we 're contributing intel to europol , then we 're a member of europol , not an associate or observer or whatver other term you give to someone with reduced access . 
  ideally , it should be each of 28 us putting # 20 in , and doing something together that costs # 5600 . 
  if there is a reasonable trade deal , then there 'll be no question of not sharing intelligence . 
  yeah , what i 'm essentially hoping for is the french army , but funded by everyone else . 
  that 'd be my model for an eu army . 
  take all the military spending of the eu , give it to the french army , put them under eu command . 
  if the eu was an ally , why would n't it make a reasonable trade deal ? 
  if the eu seeks to damage the uk economically , how can we trust them with intelligence data ? 
  we 've got to have our intelligence services ' safety and ability to function properly as our priority , and that can mean not handing information over to states who are acting to harm the uk . 
  huh , that 's your idea of fair ? 
  i 've got a fair deal for you . 
  we each put # 20 in a pot , then i take # 35 out and you keep the rest . 
  sound good ? 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  depends if we lose horizon funding . 
  my bet is we wo n't , on account of how israel , albania and a tonne of non-eu countries are part of it . 
  like the eu 's ` give us money or we wo n't discuss a trade deal ' for example ? 
  that 'd be blackmail right ? 
  good to know that you 've worked out a price for the lives of eu citizens . 
  perhaps you could head to the funerals of victims of one of the attacks and show them a balance sheet explaining how it makes financial sense . 
  i 'm actually in favour of it , if we 're not in it . 
  it 's not like anyone but france is any damned use as it stands . 
  if they 're sensible about it , they could trade a bunch of essentially useless minor forces for 1 big force that is at least defensively competent . 
  i 'm not saying it is unfair . 
  i 'm confident that both sides will come to a reasonable compromise on both trade and security . 
  but if we reach a point where the uk feels compelled to withdraw intelligence co-operation , i imagine the trade deal would have to be very bad . 
  it 's degrees of separation . 
  making the uk less wealthy degrades our ability to defend against terror attacks . 
  yeah , nobody told obvious lies in the scottish referendum . 
  that 's why they 're not having another one for a generation and oil is $ 130 a barrel . 
  travel , maybe . 
  less than 1 million uk citizens live in the eu27 , and an even smaller number work there . 
  quick note : there was n't a referendum on joining the eec . 
  we joined then had a referendum on leaving . 
  that way the eec could leverage its spending to influence the results . 
  on an unrelated note , the uk has been a net recipient from the eec/eu for just one year in its history with the organisation . 
  the rankings i 've seen put eth zurich in the global top 10 . 
  the european top 5 is oxford , cambridge , imperial , eth zurich , ucl . 
  are you guys back in erasmus yet ? 
  if not , we could set up a bilateral one and have 7 of the top 10 european unis in it . 
  to quote amber rudd from the same interview : `` what we need to do is have a relationship with europol that allows us equal access '' `` we need to have an agreement with europol to make sure that we continue to contribute and we continue to take out . '', 
  odd that reuters did n't choose to run those quotes from the same interview really . 
  when reuters started editing for clicks rather than accuracy . 
  the pertient quote is : `` what we need to do is have a relationship with europol that allows us equal access , for instance the americans have access to europol , they do n't have the same depth as we have in it . '', 
  `` we need to have an agreement with europol to make sure that we continue to contribute and we continue to take out . '', 
  this is n't ` we 're taking our ball and going home ' this is ` we 're not going to hand out info if we 're not getting anything back ', 
  shit , i knew we 'd missed something . 
  well , where ireland and france always win at any rate . 
  i 'm fairly sure italy would manage to find someone to lose to . 
  also the nfl , mlb ? , nhl and nba are american , not british . 
  they took netball and rounders and hockey ( all staples of sports at any good girls school in the uk ) and made them into their major sports . 
  they also tried to copy rugby , but were scared of getting tackled and or exercising for more than 5 consecutive minutes without adverts , so they made american football . 
  we 're becoming big switzerland . 
  we 're out of the eu , our banks have been laundering money for russia ( it 's not quite nazi gold but it 's as close as we can get on short notice ) and we 've got all the best unis in europe . 
  because deus vult . 
  did you not hear de gaulle 's speeches ? 
  he thinks they did , as if the resistance was a competent military force rather than an unreliable backstabbing resource drain that spent most of its time denouncing other resistance cells to the nazis . 
  it was better before the bloody jocks decided to pass the ball . 
  ruined the game that did . 
  ca n't ruin the 6 nations . 
  ` the 4 nations , where gb always wins ' would be a shit competition . 
  they in fact do get a votes .
