  there were lots of groups who did n't want le pen to win , from greenpeace to les r\u00e9publicains . 
  now , imagine if greenpeace had said that le pen was a neo-nazi who beat up jewish children in her spare time . 
  would sarkozy have been responsible for that statement , just because he was also campaigning against her ? 
  of course not . 
  likewise , farage , as a member of leave.eu , was n't responsible for statements made by vote leave , a totally separate organisation that happened to be campaigning for the same result, 
  yes . 
  you can identify mistakes made by other people you know . 
  like how i can say that it was a mistake to let de gaulle pretend he had any meaningful part in liberating france , despite not being churchill . 
  i do enjoy the bitching and moaning over whether the leave campaigns co-ordinated a few hundred grand of spending ( the electoral commission says no , but why should the organisation responsible for overseeing elections be believed if it does n't fit the narrative ? ), 
  when the remain side got nearly # 10m of public money spent on it . 
  the rest of it is just trying to paint targeted marketing as a shady conspiracy rather than normal practice that all sides use in modern votes . 
  well no . 
  that would guarantee he was someone almost nobody had heard of or cared about rather than simply allowing it as the current system does . 
  if they were directly elected with a minimum turnout requirement , that 'd be a bit more like it . 
  not that strongly . 
  s&d got more votes than the epp in 2014 . 
  i also live in a former industrial heartland ( which in practice means an area where , thanks to thatcher , the system for the government paying benefits no longer includes a basically irrelevant factory ) . 
  there are 2 options . 
  you can either work a factory job for the wages such work is really worth ( eg . 
  the wages chinese workers are paid ) , or you can realise that the world has moved on since 1950 . 
  the rest of the uk did n't owe it to the industrial areas to keep funding what amounted to an expensive hobby of the functionally unemployed . 
  once the factory no longer makes a profit , it is a recreational activity , not a job . 
  they go head to head at pmqs every week , so it 's not terribly necessary , but i guess because nobody has offered that . 
  the debate itv is pushing for is a 7 way shitshow that treats the leader of a party that got less than 200,000 votes as seriously as one that got over 11 million . 
  it would seem we 're still awaiting such a man . 
  this is a political piece making only the most feeble pretence of being actual research . 
  well this reads like it was written by an undergraduate over a weekend . 
  it at no point even attempts an even handed or scientific tone , and essentially reads like a political piece rather than containing any serious research of any kind . 
  it 's not surprising that this did n't make it into any sort of peer-reviewed journal . 
  i doubt you 'd get more than a 3rd for this if you submitted it as coursework . 
  that 'd be suicide for spain . 
  the uk could n't budge if it wanted to , and other eu countries would n't back an attempt to annex sovereign territory against the wishes of its people , especially if it was costing jobs in the eu . 
  i imagine spain would find itself getting shafted in every way the other member states could think of pretty quickly . 
  [ then you have n't been paying attention . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-eu-deficit-france-idukkcn0ym1n0 ), 
  yeah . 
  the eu system , where meps barely even register with the electorate , with the few people who bother to vote mostly just picking their favourite national party , certainly discourages corruption . 
  what thatcher and stalin had in common is that the left built personality cults around them . 
  in different directions , but the end result is similar . 
  when stalin died , the people who 'd based their entire identity around loving him because they had nothing else of value in their lives all cried . 
  when thatcher died , the people who 'd based their entire identities around hating her , because they had nothing else of value to offer the world held street parties . 
  she also presided over our transition from an economic basket case which needed an imf bailout to keep it from collapsing under the crippling dead weight of the long since irrelevant mining and low skill manufacturing sectors , their already rotting corpses bloated by the parasitic infestation the unions had become into a modern and fairly successful economy . 
  you can bitch about the sale of the energy companies all you like , but when was the last time your power was shut off due to strike action ? 
  imagine if power companies were like the london underground is today . 
  would you be happy if your power went off because the government dared try to sack a power plant worker for being drunk in charge of machinery ? 
  yet we still have people who try to vilify her for ordering the sinking of the belgrano , a warship belonging to a hostile power which was engaged in an ongoing invasion of uk territory . 
  there are some people who are so desperate to hate her that they 'll pick any reason . 
  it 's also worth noting the role that tarriffs play in harming the 3rd world . 
  kenya , for example , has been effectively prevented from moving one of its major exports ( coffee ) past primary industry , because it effectively ca n't sell roasted coffee to eu countries thanks to the tarriffs . 
  that 's why the uk buys more coffee from germany than from africa . 
  they are effectively barred from developing a major industry because the eu would prefer to keep them as poverty-line farmers if it means keeping some german coffee roasting factories open . 
  yep . 
  he 's enough of a callous prick to keep the rich countries happy , and he can get on with the periphery because he 's also a tax dodging alcoholic . 
  it 's the perfect job for hollande . 
  he never actually has to face a real electorate . 
  the minority who actually bother to vote will vote for their local parties , and if he gets the s&d nomination , he just has to hope those local parties do better than the epp . 
  the tabloid press reach about 5 % of the population . 
  junckers antics , meanwhile , are making it to a lot more people . 
  so you 're saying the bbc should n't allow any pro-leave politicians on their programmes at all in case they do what portillo did there ? 
  i feel like the ` classic euro myth ' thing is accurate here , in that literally all the factual claims made are accurate , but the eu says the regulation is reasonable and you take their statement at face value . 
  i like the point about the growers and packers rather than retailers , since it 's a classic eu correction , in that it 's totally fucking irrelevant . 
  if you ban growers and packers from selling something , the people they sell that thing to also wo n't be able to sell it , because they 'll have no source for it . 
  they were hardly going to come out and say ` yeah , we 're a fantastic waste of money ' but like most of the ` euromyths ' , their response is to make a minor irrelevant point and claim the whole thing is a myth . 
  why bother . 
  she had better things to do of an evening than debate in a forum where the snp , plaid cymru lib dems and greens each get the same speaking time as her , when they collectively represent less than half as many voters as she does . 
  if i was her , i 'd agree to an hour debate split by 2015 vote share . 
  22 minutes for may , 18 for corbyn , 7 for nuttall , 5 for farron , 3 for sturgeon , 2 for lucas and 21 seconds for whoever plaid cymru send . 
  i think they can demand that the turkish not hold the vote there , but if they do , germany ca n't really do much about it without breaking international law . 
  essentially , it breaks international law , which you totally can do , but imagine if the iranians raided a dutch or eu embassy and arrested the diplomats for having booze . 
  it 's not a good idea to set a precedent of this sort . 
  are n't the embassies turkish soil ? 
  we had a lot of trouble with this when someone shot a police officer from inside the lybian embassy a while back . 
  i think we were considering just sending in the sas at one point . 
  3am is not prime analogising time for me it seems . 
  i tend to just go for random one syllable nouns . 
  [ but you have heard it ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ac/67/52/ac675284655da443780523fa981934e7.jpg ), 
  bmi is bollocks . 
  if i had 0 % body fat it 'd class me as overweight . 
  it takes no account of muscle mass vs fat mass . 
  hopefully the doctors will be sensible enough to use more appropriate measures . 
  interesting that you mention bollywood . 
  india is another big union of lots of groups with their own languages . 
  they use english as a common language too . 
  i 'm aware there is french media , and now i have better internet access , i can get to it if i want . 
  but there 's no real incentive to go for french media when there 's so much english media . 
  i 'll watch some french stuff ( delicatessen is a personal favourite ) but not enough to really justify carrying on with it beyond gcse . 
  hell , from a cultural standpoint , i 'd be better picking up japanese as a second language . 
  they put out stuff so markedly different from english language media in such volume that it seems more worth the effort . 
  nah , there was another r/europe thread on it . 
  but i have n't seen anything about it on the bbc website or on the uk subreddits i use . 
  sorry , wrote that about 3am , read it as him suggesting that be an eu rule, 
  that is an odd response to that comment . 
  as a language overall ( native and non-native ) the amount of non-native speakers is about the same for french and german ( 14 % of the eu ) . 
  the larger native group swings it . 
  * finds dog * * puts dog in bath * * after a few minutes dog tries to leave bath * `` no !, 
  you ca n't survive outside the bath , everything is different now , it 's raining ! '', 
  * dog bemusedly leaves and is perfectly fine *, 
  i was n't aware the co-op supermarket had won the general election . 
  a bit of a turn up for the books there . 
  what a load of bollocks .
