  well , it 's an interesting one . 
  you see , at the time , the figure was attacked because it did n't count the ~ # 4bn a year rebate we get , which would have brought our gross contributions down from around # 18bn ( the # 350m a week level ) to around # 14bn . 
  what we 've learned since then is that we apparently owe , ( according to the eu ) an additional # 50m or so for the 7 year funding period . 
  that puts our annualised gross contribution back up to # 21bn , well over the # 350m a week figure vote leave quoted . 
  shit , shetland 's put on weight . 
  and changed its name . 
  shit , you count spain as developed ? 
  you realize that means more than putting up a bunch of empty condos right ? 
  you 're supposed to produce something of value to the human race . 
  did nobody explain this ? 
  also , barbarism ? 
  let 's compare our contributions to the world shall we . 
  spain has produced 8 nobel prize winners ( 6 of which were for literature ) since the prizes were instituted in 1895 . 
  the uk has produced that many since 2012 . 
  glad to be out , and no longer on the hook to subsidise nations composed of ungrateful moochers . 
  if you really do n't like british stuff , fancy sending back the billions of quid worth of subsidies we poured into your country through the eu ? 
  i 'm sure germany or one of the other countries where people actually go to work will lend it to you . 
  leicester have n't had a game in france . 
  we 've had games in sweden , belgium , denmark and portugal , none of which had crowd trouble . 
  we 've had 2 games in spain , and there has been crowd trouble at both . 
  i feel like your police might in fact be heavy handed thugs who do n't have the slightest idea of how to de-escalate a situation . 
  but i 'm sure you 're right . 
  after all , only the best police in the world would recognise the deadly threat posed by a bloke in a wheelchair , like the guy they beat up when spurs had the misfortune to have to visit . 
  no , the video flatly disregards many of the arguments against things it says . 
  take defence for one : 27 countries operating together , according to the video , will be fine and lead to harmony , respect and lollipops for all . 
  the counterargument is that mixed units will struggle to operate together with wildly different priorities , expectiations and attitudes towards foreign powers ( even if we ignore the language and competence issues ) . 
  will an eu army go by qmv ? 
  is unanimous vote required . 
  if the command decides to tactically withdraw from , say , estonia to a hypothetical russian attack , will estonian soldiers be happy to leave their civillians to fend for themselves ? 
  if french guyana was to get into a war with suriname , would ireland be cool with their troops being sent to defend old french colonial posessions ? 
  shit your police are good . 
  they knew about this vandalism weeks before it happened and were able to calm the situation by shooting rubber bullets at our fans in seville . 
  i do n't remember our police tear gassing the seville fans or firing rubber bullets at them . 
  weird how leicester fans only get into trouble when they go to spain . 
  it 's really odd . 
  we had no trouble at all in stockholm , copenhagen , bruges or porto . 
  no idea why both our games in spain have ended up having crowd trouble . 
  it 's also interesting that leicester fans have had zero trouble at 4 of their 6 matches played in europe this year . 
  stockholm , copenhagen , bruges and porto were fine . 
  in seville fans were shot at with rubber bullets and attacked by police in riot gear during the game . 
  in madrid , we had fans attacked by riot police seemingly without provocation yesterday , followed by this shit today . 
  it does beg the question , why are we only having trouble in spain ? 
  ok , simple plan . 
  you guys can , for a small fee , plug the channel up , join the island of great britain , and dig a new channel . 
  keep the famine refugees out . 
  plus there 'll be polders . 
  you know how much you guys enjoy polders . 
  brevik , or the shooting of jo cox in the uk spring to mind . 
  so if it 's an answer you disagree with , it 's populism ? 
  yet another version of what i feel will be a pretty constant refrain from the guardian : people fill out form incorrectly , government responds appropriately , people get upset . 
  actually , you needed to read more than one sentence of the article , since the predictions were more detailed than the 1 sentence you bothered to read . 
  [ this table , for example , shows quarterly predictions , which are already wrong ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/thumbnails/image/2016/05/23/12/brexitshock3.jpg_ ) they predicted -0.1 % growth in q3 2016 . 
  we got +0.5 % . 
  they predicted -0.1 % growth in q4 2016 . 
  we got +0.7 % . 
  their prediction has been completely , massively wrong so far , and there 's no reason to expect that it wo n't continue being wrong . 
  the imf 's model , meanwhile , called for 1 % growth in 2016 , which is about half of what we actually got . 
  since the bulk of that growth was post-vote , we can say that their model ( which has us in recession in 2017 ) is also not stacking up so far . 
  [ well , it was the treasury , who are known to employ one or two economists , who made the prediction . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/brexit-to-create-instant-diy-recession-warns-george-osborne-a7042886.html ) but if you do n't like their predictions , why not the [ imf , who predicted a recession within a year of a leave vote ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/18/imf-says-brexit-would-trigger-uk-recession-eu-referendum ) . 
  they allegedly employ economists . 
  well , them , denmark and hungary , depending on the topic . 
  also spain , if the topic is the cfp or france if it 's the cap . 
  actually , now i think about it , there are loads of obstructionists in the eu , they just have different priorities . 
  have they recognised kosovo yet ? 
  there were predictions of an instant recession after a leave vote , and of a recession after an a50 trigger . 
  those were wrong . 
  perhaps the next step will be the one where the recession materializes . 
  i imagine if you predict recession constantly , eventually you 'll be right . 
  well , the main mover on it was elizabeth duchess sutherland , whose scottish ancestry can be traced back to 1210 fairly easily , though her husband was english , which is where i imagine the english involvement is suggested to be from . 
  there 's a lot of risk in getting it into space . 
  if we get a space elevator going , it might be all right , but it 'd be insane to load nuclear waste onto a shuttle ( not least because it 's difficult to get large masses up like that ) , with even the slightest risk of an explosion . 
  yeah . 
  and now we 're changing it back . 
  [ from that excellent historical record , sharpe 's waterloo ] ( https://youtu.be/ovygas427-k?t=6m52s ) . 
  for some reason , they decided to make the prince of orange a villain . 
  4 degree warming puts us in a world of shit . 
  the resulting wars would likely do the job even if runaway warming is gentler than expected . 
  i guess it 's an attempt to highlight the difference between a big country that went for nuclear and a big country that rejected it . 
  that 's not really flipping it though . 
  ` germany produced more of the stuff threatening to cause mass extinction inside of a century ' vs ` france produced more of the stuff that we 'll need to be careful about disposal of , or it could potentially cause localised problems ', 
  which is more likely to wipe out humanity , co2 or nuclear waste ? 
  huh . 
  lots of people shitting all over nuclear power on account of the radioactive waste . 
  coal burning releases a shitload of radioactive material into the atmosphere . 
  that 's a lot more dangerous than nuclear power plants , which release radioactive material into processing centres . 
  if nuclear waste is a problem for humanity 10,000 years down the line , i for one will be pleased , because it will mean that greenhouse gas emissions have n't wiped our species out , as they threaten to do in the next few hundred years . 
  it 's somehow terribly appropriate that , while other countries have glorious revolutions , or form human chains or whatever , belgian independence was determined in a committee meeting . 
  we tried to teach them . 
  but then we tried to teach the dutch , and look how that turned out . 
  actually , the french just wanted to annex most of belgium and let the rest ( basically a small coastal section ) be a british protectorate . 
  what war ? 
  you mean the meeting we had when belgium was invented ? 
  it 's not just foreign . 
  it 's extra foreign . 
  or a chip sandwich . 
  that 's a thing . 
  and it 's glorious . 
  well , back in the late 18th century , the enlightenment reached france . 
  unfortunately , one of the first things most french people , upon cracking a book for the first time in their genetic history , discovered is that they were in fact french .
