  an early election would cost labour about 40 seats . 
  voting to keep the tories in power would be the end of the party . 
  it 'd be an interesting move for labour to oppose a no-confidence motion . 
  it 'd look odd if they expressed confidence in the government they are supposed to be opposing . 
  the results of this study are being drip fed out to generate as many headlines as possible before they actually publish the methodology . 
  i suspect that ` authoritarian populist ' views will turn out to be pretty bland stuff . 
  if the a50 bill fails , then we will have to have an election . 
  which would be super fun , and result in an absolute bloodbath for labour , and a huge tory majority which would vote through a50 . 
  what did austria submit ? 
  if you guys had already submitted german , it 'd be really tempting to get something like pig latin or klingon recognized as an official language . 
  that means he 's speaking irish properly . 
  scotland actually is the same country though . 
  they 're not a sovereign state no matter what sturgeon pretends . 
  we 're still paying , so we still get votes . 
  i think this will piss off the irish more than us . 
  top tip , if you want to act like we do n't exist , do n't do it by pointing out how we replaced ireland 's native language . 
  he 's already showed up a couple of times to support remain and then advocate ignoring the result of the referendum . 
  plus presiding over the ` we have abolished tory boom and bust ' spending increases up to 2007 and bailing just as the bust arrived ( and the labour party suddenly remembered that economics is a global affair and that ascribing boom and bust to the uk conservative party might have been a touch rash ) , dodging a referendum on the lisbon treaty , advocating adding a bunch of eastern european countries to the eu , cash for peerages and probably a bunch more stuff i forget . 
  blair turns up every so often to lend his support to a candidate or cause . 
  he backed ed milliband , who lost , and he backed the remain campaign , which lost . 
  i do n't think he 's quite got the message . 
  yeah , it was also a bailout of the morons at french and german banks who thought it was a good idea to lend to greece . 
  the point is that sweden is still paying either way . 
  the uk had money in the bailouts and we do n't have the euro . 
  also , development money is being sent to net recipients like greece from net donors like sweden, 
  good luck with that , the rest of the world is going to carry on ignoring the left then . 
  and rightly so . 
  higher education participation correlates with wealth far better than intelligence . 
  that 's why we have media studies degrees . 
  sure , sanders fell in line , but there 's an argument to be made that 4 years of trump is worth it to teach the parties that they ca n't get away with what clinton did, 
  call it bernicia , put the capital at bamburgh castle . 
  per capita ? 
  about 0.08, 
  somewhat related question . 
  just in case italy does end up having a referendum on the eu , is there any italian synonym for exit that would forma a good portmanteu with ` italy ' ( in the style of ` brexit ' or ` czechout ' ) ? 
  because the best i 've got in english is ` italeave ' and that 's awful, 
  yeah , imagine a country where people would try to ingore an advisory referendum result just because it was inconvenient . 
  not on the election day you ca n't, 
  he did n't half arse it at all . 
  he wrote it deliberately to be the worst possible exit clause . 
  essentially , the eu was pressured to provide for the exit of members , in order to make the whole thing look a bit more like a voluntary association and a bit less like a cult . 
  a50 is the equivalent of saying ` you can leave whenever you want , the door 's just over there , behind that razor wire and broken glass . ', 
  the government mailshot was a mistake . 
  leaflets do n't really change anyone 's mind , and all it did was make it look like bse was cheating the spending rules and using taxpayer 's money to do it . 
  stop calling farage racist . 
  all you 're doing is giving publicity to whatever he said , which takes airtime away from whatever you want to say . 
  nobody who heard that statement ( whatever it is ) has failed to form an opinion on whether it was racist or not , and people yelling about it is n't going to win anyone over . 
  all you 're doing is spreading his message and making him look anti-establishment in the process . 
  in january , they should have rented a small room with no windows and a very secure door . 
  eddie izzard and bob geldoff should have been locked in there and kept there for the duration . 
  well , it depends if you 're voting on policy or principle . 
  policy wise , trump is a disaster . 
  but the priniciple that the people of the usa should not be dictated to by small groups within the political parties is one that goes beyond the next 4 years . 
  electing clinton would have been an acceptance that it 's ok for the dnc to rig their primaries , to use their influence to promote an unsuitable candidate in the republican primaries and to treat the election like a coronation for someone who was there because it was ` her turn ' . 
  more than that , it 'd be an endorsement for that strategy , it 'd show that they could basically crown anyone they liked as president if they just made sure the challenger was shit enough . 
  maybe next time the dnc will make sure they have fair primaries to select the candidate that people really want . 
  maybe they wo n't lean on their media contacts to promote people like carson and trump . 
  maybe the usa will get to choose between the best candidates each party can find instead of being forced to choose between the worst . 
  objectively ? 
  you 've been out , invented a version of the iq test without the massive flaws inherent in the current one and applied it to a statistically significant sampling of trump voters and a control group and found trump voters to be objectively stupid ? 
  can i ask which journal you published your study in ? 
  ever heard of the boy who cried wolf ? 
  there were , as it turned out , real wolves still , but he 'd yelled wolf so many times that nobody gave a shit when he yelled it in earnest . 
  likewise , there are real racists , but if you constantly scream racist at everything you disagree with , nobody will care when you scream it at someone who actually is racist . 
  i meant the way ukraine had fucked with the crimean parliament because they wanted to elect pro-russians to it . 
  obviously you ca n't count votes from an occupied territory . 
  i 'm ok with that , if the bit in question has been denied its constitutionally guaranteed rights to local representation while that same constitution is used to prevent it from getting a referendum on independence and the annexation is ratified by referendum, 
  yeah . 
  i was referring to the france-germany-benelux-netherlands union proposed . 
  it 'd be too small to call a true eu federal state but too big to allow the eu to continue . 
  yet in order to get a proportional parliament where voting power is derived from population with at least 1 maltese mep , you need a 1200 member parliament . 
  which might be a tad impractical , especially when you need to build one in strasbourg and one in brussels . 
  yeah , fptp is shit . 
  but i reckon we 've got a better chance of getting stv or similar in here than we would have of convincing malta and luxembourg that they need to share an mep . 
  they 'll have this crisis sorted any time now . 
  shame nobody told the people who wrote the treaties about the mutual funding and loans , or they 'd probably have got rid of the article that makes bailouts illegal . 
  we do see the faults . 
  voting reform is the next big fight for us i think . 
  we were always at war with eastasia . 
  that 'd kill the eu though . 
  the countries you do n't invite wo n't be keen on being in a bloc with a federation that 's got over half the eu 's gdp . 
  we had something similar with a referendum on the av voting system . 
  voting reform has a lot of support in the uk , but av is such a poor offering that we ended up refusing it . 
  the problem is that people who benefit from the status quo took that to mean ` no change of any kind is wanted ', 
  sounds like the classic ` something must be done , this is something , therefore this must be done ' approach . 
  read the article . 
  essentially , the latest cut comes from the fact that she 's been declared fit to work , which she claims she ca n't due to her agoraphobia , despite the fact she does voluntary work in a charity shop ( which , for fans of the greek language , makes agoraphobia somewhat ironic ), 
  she 's been declared fit to work , because she works part time in a shop . 
  seems reasonable to assume that if you can volunteer , you can do paid work just as well . 
  with a stronger and more proportionate parliament we might have . 
  if we 'd had 95 meps out of the 751 , it 'd be a start towards a fairer system . 
  hell , since it 's an economic union , why not weight by gdp ? 
  we 'd have 120 meps that way . 
  you have an mp who can propose legislation and have it voted on . 
  your mep ca n't . 
  yeah , we 've been working on reform from a while before we joined the eec . 
  after 40 years with most of the progress being in the opposite direction to what we 'd like , we 've given up . 
  well , 3 years back the amendment to the devolution bill that allowed the independence referendum to be called was passed ( you know , the one i linked and you clearly did n't read ) , so clearly quite a few . 
  well , shit . 
  now we 're going to have secondary refugees , fleeing persecution at the hands of the first lot of refugees .
