  in the immortal words of jeremy corbyn : here we , here we , here we fucking go !, 
  to add a second quote : davey cameron is a pie . 
  if you ban anyone who disagrees with you , then you end up with a place where only one opinion can be expressed . 
  that 's conducive to hysteria . 
  look at the people who were in floods of tears when kim jong il died . 
  r/uk is basically a parody of itself at this point . 
  since the mods started banning people with zero justification based on who they disagree with , it 's turned into a complete mess . 
  awesome . 
  so now we 're in the ` not in the eu ' and ` has a world top 10 uni ' clubs together . 
  though , with us leaving , the latter is now a subset of the former . 
  hopefully , our own government . 
  it 'll be nice to have a bit of democratic accountability knocking around for a change . 
  yeah , that 's definitely illegal, 
  quite probably , though in a currency that was n't much use outside of greece . 
  that 's true , but the snp will continue to campaign as if it is n't . 
  we did . 
  we now allow referenda when the people actually want them . 
  we do n't , however , allow them whenever the snp want to , especially when they can only get it through holyrood by having the scottish greens ignore their own manifesto . 
  after all , they said ' if a new referendum is to happen , it should come about by the will of the people , and not be driven by calculations of party political advantage ' . 
  [ hard to see where they got the impression this was the former , given that polling says most scottish people do n't actually want another referendum ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/13/half-scots-do-not-back-second-independence-referendum-brexit/ ), 
  found the glaswegian . 
  actually , our best one is ` you know , our boys in the five eyes heard the most interesting thing about an upcoming terrorist attack in france . 
  such a shame that we 're too busy trying to sort out all these problems or we could probably find time to send you the details ', 
  not really . 
  the scottish people are n't morons , despite what the snp seems to think , and polling says that most of them do n't want a second referendum on sturgeon 's absurd timescale . 
  there 's enough scots who will see this for what it is . 
  yeah . 
  it 'd be a terrible shame if , for example , [ greek social workers went months without being paid ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/social-care-network/2015/may/19/social-work-in-greece-i-havent-been-paid-for-nine-months ) . 
  lucky the eu was there . 
  only if you exclude bbc.co.uk ( which studies like to do , because a ) it gets a more interesting result and b ) the bbc does some other stuff . ), 
  in terms of overall website popularity , the mail gets beaten by reddit , as well as 4 different porn sites . 
  depending on who you ask , it may also be behind theladbible , imgur and the guardian, 
  around 5 % of them , if we add up the sun and the mail . 
  what we can infer is that british people , in overwhelming majority , do n't buy papers any more . 
  which are representative of a tiny minority of people 's news consumption . 
  the sun and the mail , the 2 biggest sellers in the uk , only sell enough copies to reach 5 % of people . 
  physical newspapers are irrelevant . 
  you might as well say ukip represent the country because they got the most meps . 
  if it 's a game nobody cares about , the winner does n't tell you much . 
  i wonder why the i is so keen on us getting the waters off cornwall , but not those off shetland ? 
  between them selling roughly enough to cover 5 % of the uk population . 
  physical newspapers are a dead medium, 
  1992 , when it became something the british people never wanted . 
  whose pensioners ? 
  not greece 's . 
  if france and germany want their banks bailed out , let them bail out those banks instead of routing the money through greece and forcing austerity on them . 
  default , devalue , export , recover . 
  let the banks who made bad bets pay the cost of those mistakes . 
  whereas the eu is very able to project power . 
  their sanctions on russia have brought putin 's government practically to its knees . 
  sure , they 're more popular than ever and have a huge majority in every section of the legislature , but they 'll surely crumble any day now . 
  well , ww2 was a battle to keep the uk as a sovereign democracy free from undemocratic continental control , whereas brexit ... 
  yep . 
  scottish regiments are famously all lily-lived pansies . 
  especially the highland ones . 
  ca n't think of a single case of a highland regiment being insane badasses . 
  never happens . 
  also , commonwealth troops basically did nothing . 
  especially the ghurkas . 
  those guys are wusses . 
  i highly recommend calling them names in a pub . 
  i bet the average redditor could take a ghurka in a fistfight . 
  lovely sentiment . 
  now german and greek youths have equal possibilities to get a job in germany , or be unemployed in greece . 
  a mercedes made in the usa would not bear the label ` made in germany ' , which is what the article is about . 
  it would bear the less respected ` made in the usa ' label . 
  does n't matter who owns it , we 're talking about where it 's made . 
  yeah , i 'd assume that ` made in eu ' would be equivalent to ` made in the least respected eu country , because they 'd use their own name otherwise ', 
  oh good . 
  if they 're headed to afghanistan , that should pretty much keep them busy for the next 20 years or so . 
  i do n't know how life is in italy , but in the uk your hands have way more contact with your food and with other people than your arsehole does . 
  [ official election music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzvbqbosf5w ), 
  oh , they 've solved that ? 
  who would have thought brown coal was the answer after all . 
  nah , i 'm enjoying the ` despite brexit ' ending to every positive headline . 
  all fun and games until shetland secedes and takes their oil back to the uk . 
  yeah . 
  once that chain 's cut , scotland is free to float away like the anchor it is . 
  it was totally open . 
  you only had to be an mep , go into a special reading room , not take notes and promise not to accurately reproduce any of the text . 
  basically as open as any public library . 
  it 's a differential characterization . 
  skilled and specialised workers will still be allowed in without fom , because it is in the uk 's interest to grant them visas . 
  minimum wage workers will not . 
  thus , the difference between fom and controlled migration is the minimum wage workers , not the specialists . 
  seriously , what is the obsession with gypsies around here ? 
  that 's the 2nd person who has brought them up unprompted . 
  would it suit your bigotry better if i was more bigoted ? 
  we wo n't . 
  people 's political views change as they grow up . 
  remember that the 20 year olds from 1967 's summer of love are today 's daily mail reading 70 year olds who want druggies hanged . 
  sure , but the key is ` businesses who trade with europe ' which is only about 45 % of our exports , which are n't a huge amount of our gdp . 
  once we 've got our own regulators sorted , there 's a fair bit of our economy we can regulate differently . 
  yeah , i 've noticed a lot of zombies knocking around canada and norway recently . 
  shame they 're not eu members really . 
  yep . 
  no way that 'd get into our food while we 're in the eu . 
  riot time . 
  that 's going to be the fun part . 
  watching all the members who are n't cool with federalism but were happy to let the uk shoot it down for them have to step up and get bitched at like we did .
