  given that an eu team would have automatically lost 75 of those medals just by competing as a single entity rather than as individual nations , this is n't a case where being part of something bigger helps . 
  if anything , this is a situation where subsuming national identity in a common whole diminishes everyone involved . 
  assuming zero ` dark horse ' medals ( so assuming everyone who medalled would have been taken in order of their achievement up to the max ) perfect selection case the eu loses a total of 75 by my count : 2 basketball medals 3 boxing medals 18 canoeing medals 8 cycling medals 4 equestrian medals 2 fencing medals 3 field hockey medals 1 football medal 1 gymnastics medal 3 handball medals 5 judo medals 15 rowing medals 6 sailing medals 1 shooting medal 1 taekwondo medal 2 water polo medals, 
  many events only allow one team or 2 athletes per country . 
  edit : the eu loses at least 75 medals by this alone . 
  would the one eu women 's hockey team have won all 3 medals ? 
  also , i doubt that they 'd have picked up gold , silver and bronze in the women 's hockey if they only entered one team . 
  well , no . 
  for example , in this model , the eu came in all 3 medal positions in women 's hockey . 
  which would be tough if they were only allowed one team . 
  hell , we 'd still be on that podeum post-brexit . 
  we 'd displace china . 
  cyborgism , to a limited degree , is already possible . 
  i could replace my lower legs with carbon fibre blades , for example . 
  also , my logic is not to reject things on the basis that they are ` unnatural ' , not to replace parents with software . 
  i 'm suggesting that non-natural things are fine . 
  you 're the one suggesting that an unnatural upbringing is a problem . 
  edit : also , i ca n't turn into an android . 
  an android is a robot designed to mimic human appearance . 
  i could , in theory , turn myself into a cyborg . 
  i did n't have a ` natural ' upbringing . 
  i was vaccinated , fed farmed food , got on board a big metal box propelled by exploding hydrocarbons which took me to a big , man made structure where they taught me how to interpret ideas from marks made in a synthetic dye on a sheets of manufactured paper . 
  later , i was taught how to use fantastically complex machines which use fibre optics and manufacted components to transmit data around the world , often via satellite , and now i 'm using that to be told about how someone being brought up by two humans with the same genitals is unnatural and therefore should n't happen . 
  we 'll veto if we need to . 
  just for fun . 
  you know what else is natural ? 
  walking everywhere , foraging for food and dying of diarrhoea aged about 35 . 
  if you want to give your kids a natural upbringing , let them only eat foraged or hunted food ( raw , obviously ) , living in a shelter you built without tools , with no access to medicine . 
  these races have never been the same since they banned cannons . 
  what about the sort of computer on board average nuclear wessels ? 
  our team advocated leaving , but it 's not like we put farage up there . 
  there 's a difference between picking someone who supports your side and picking someone who has a separate and somewhat irrational dislike for the people you 're supposed to be negotiating with . 
  yep . 
  someone who has a personal dislike for the uk and the idea of direct democracy . 
  worth noting that he lost the foreign affairs brief because he was blamed for failure to get a `` yes '' vote in the european constitution referendum . 
  he is reportedly pretty bitter about it , and blames the uk because blair suggested referenda on the constitution . 
  not in the 07-15 figures . 
  well yeah . 
  chemotherapy is tough , complicated and requires a lot of work to perfect , and all it does is destroy something . 
  still worthwhile though . 
  punishing nations who are currently funding the refugee camps keeping 3 or 4 million people from getting on dinghys and heading for greece is probably not the most sensible idea . 
  equally , not everything that 's difficult to do is worth doing . 
  it 's really difficult to carve the score to carmen on your femur with a rusty tent peg . 
  does n't make it a good idea . 
  so that people ca n't claim that they 're being forced to stay in . 
  ` you 're free to leave at any time . 
  the exit is over there , just over the broken glass and through the barbed wire . 
  watch out for the landmines , i 'm sure we left them around there somewhere . ', 
  makes sense . 
  if you have slow , steady immigration over decades with people integrating into the community , it will cause much less resentment , even if immigrants are 20 % of the population by the end of it than if you dump in an extra group equivalent to 5 % of the population over a couple of years , with no real hope of integration . 
  equally , people are less likely to have a problem with immigration in areas where the bulk of the immigration happened over 10 years ago , because they 're used to it now . 
  there are 2 key rules to being a dictator in europe . 
  do n't invade russia . 
  do n't piss off the uk . 
  about 4.8 % of swiss exports and about 3.8 % of swiss imports , but that 's just trade in goods . 
  exports to eu27 are 40.8 % of their exports . 
  their imports are more heavily eu . 
  because the goal of the european project is , and has been from the beginning , a united european state . 
  in order to achieve that , they need to break down the identities of each member state until people are more ` european ' than ` swiss ' ` german ' or whatever . 
  what better way than to displace and mix the populations as much as possible ? 
  hooray for team ` all the best univeristies ' . 
  there 's pretty much no better argument for how badly the euro has fucked members than that you think that 21 % unemployment is very good . 
  nice to see the mail is n't being subtle about backing may . 
  which i suspect will lead to something like the if common/starc that orson scott card has in his enderverse . 
  english , but with all the quirks ironed out . 
  iirc , we declared war because of the german invasion of poland . 
  we had no obligation to help . 
  we had no obligation to keep fighting once the continent was lost and the nazis were sounding out peace negotiations . 
  certainly , it was n't in our best interests to fight alone against such a superior force . 
  but we fought on because we did n't want to give up on our allies . 
  that 's where you 're misunderstanding what alliances are . 
  they 're not just contracts , mutually beneficial business deals between disinterested partners . 
  they 're supposed to be about genuine friendship between nations . 
  you help your allies because they are your friends , not because it happens to be convenient . 
  what we 're seeing now is that we do n't have all that many allies in europe . 
  apparently there are an abundance of nasty , petty , jealous people who would happily see us burn because we did n't do what we were told . 
  i 'm glad we 're freeing ourselves from their cult . 
  well , more accurately , we immediately responded with the bef , got our arses kicked , had to retreat , refused to make peace despite the clear superiority of nazi forces ( which would have been the sensible thing to do , if we only cared about the interests of the british people ) , fought an utterly desperate defensive action long enough for the tide to be turned by hitler 's foolish attack on the ussr and the japanese bringing the usa into the war , fought to retake france and beat the nazis . 
  as someone who voted ukip last election as a way to express my support for leaving the eu ( safe labour seat ) i 'm not unaware of it . 
  it 's less of a lurch to the right , and more about a mix of people who opposed the eu lacking a reasonable way to express this at the ballot box and the working class being abandoned by labour and lacking any voice representing their views . 
  had we really headed to the right , the bnp would presumably still exist and have grown , rather than disappearing . 
  you already lost , you joined the euro . 
  read article 125 of the lisbon treaty . 
  the rule of law is n't something the eu has any interest in preserving . 
  i would answer that the best thing we can do now is to watch the uk suffer ... because they are our allies . 
  good to see the french definition of alliance . 
  maybe we should have given the nazis a few more years to teach you the downside of screwing over countries economically out of pride . 
  enjoy your cult . 
  i hope that kool-aid was tasty . 
  the frog thing is a myth by the way . 
  frogs will jump out of a pan of slowly heated water , but if you drop them into boiling water , they have a good chance of dying before they can . 
  likewise , you 're talking shit . 
  the main change since brexit is that every racist fuckwit 's random yelling is now a national news story . 
  or possibly , we did it because we 'd rather like to make our own laws , trade deals , and not remain member of a club whose best argument for staying is ` if you try to leave we 'll break your fucking legs ', 
  reported increase is about right . 
  basically , the difference between now and pre-brexit is that any time some racist looney yells at someone , it now makes the front page of / r/europe . 
  yeah . 
  ` you 're too thick to be allowed to vote ' is n't a great line either . 
  ` it is clear that since 2010 , ministers were fully aware that their policies would hit lower income groups hardest ' government spending cuts hit the most subsidized groups hardest !, 
  what a fucking shock .
