  partly people unsubbing , partly people being banned for wrongthink . 
  i fall into the latter category . 
  i 'd tell you exactly which comment got me banned , but the mods never responded to any of my messages asking . 
  yeah . 
  we have / r/ukpolitics , which is n't too bad ( it 's frequently accused of right wing bias , but surveys show it 's actually got a slight left/liberal bias as compared to the general populace ) , and then we have / r/unitedkingdom for those who ca n't tolerate anything so mentally taxing as a differing opinion . 
  it 's come to something when the only people backing the lords are the lib dems . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  we might never have found out that tuition fees work fine and result in more poor kids going to university than the scottish system , so we might not have introduced them if they 'd failed first time out . 
  well , they are for the next 2 years . 
  then they 'll be the second biggest . 
  we 're trying to have english mps vote on laws that affect england only ( since there are already several hundred , it seems pointless to elect a whole extra parliament ) . 
  [ guess which party strongly opposes it ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/snp-english-votes-for-english-laws-absurd-1-4270774 ), 
  there 's a massive fucking irony here , which is that the english did vote against tuition fees in england . 
  the problem was that scottish mps voted for the english to have them , and that tipped the balance . 
  well , some shops are limiting purchases of certain items due to the weather in spain , but i reckon we 'll muddle through . 
  when you quoted him as an example of someone who did the thing you were upset at may not doing . 
  she 's getting the word no printed out in 144 point type . 
  it 's the difference between knowing that you 're drunk and knowing your blood alcohol concentration . 
  i doubt you could accurately guess your bac after 12 pints and some shots without looking stuff up , but you 'd know you 'd had a bit too much . 
  in general , anti-immigrant sentiment is concentrated in poorer areas and areas with rapid demographic change , like boston , where immigrants went from less than 3 % of the population to over 13 % in 10 years . 
  so you 've conceded point a , and your counter to point b is an irrelevance . 
  other countries do stupid stuff all the time , does n't mean the uk should follow them . 
  erdogan is not my ideal of level headed , effective government . 
  not quite true . 
  we were net recipients for 1 year . 
  as it happens , that was the year of the uk 's eec referendum . 
  pure coincidence i 'm sure . 
  you can take their lives , but you 'll never take their ability to waste taxpayer 's money on pointless displays of arrogance linked back to a fictionalised history . 
  yes . 
  you can tell because the members are from the entire uk including scotland . 
  admittedly , scotland is slightly overrepresented at the moment , but hopefully we can get a boundary review through to sort that out . 
  legal - none whatsoever . 
  political - in theory , the tories could struggle to get their single scottish mp reelected . 
  yeah , so in other words , the supreme court confirmed that legally speaking , the decision is westminster 's . 
  holyrood can withold its consent all it likes , just as any person or group thereof can . 
  it wo n't make the slightest difference though . 
  apparently he 's reading every poll that is conducted by a regulated pollster and you 're reading a poll taken by show of hands inside an snp conference . 
  there was a plan . 
  it was a load of bollocks that would have seen scotland rendered utterly destitute by the fall in oil prices , but it was still a plan . 
  more accurately , it has no legal weight and will be dismissed as a cheap publicity stunt by the snp , who are already secessionists and have little support for another referendum any time soon . 
  a ) so fucking what ? 
  he 's the potus and if he is prepared to be friendly , needlessly pissing him off would be pointless and self-destructive b ) she was caught on the hop without good comms . 
  given that the us state department did n't understand the policy for well over a day after the order was signed , condemning without knowing the detail would have been irresponsible . 
  a lot of mps defied the whip on the brexit bill . 
  his voting record . 
  he abstained on the snooper 's charter and 3 line whipped in favour of the brexit bill . 
  nor will you lot , until they 've changed the title and asked you twice . 
  they 'll still be there . 
  it 's just that if you wanted to move to the highlands to work ( here assuming that you are a madman or are able to spontaneously generate work ) then you 'd need to get a visa . 
  you know what they both did before they joined the eu ? 
  joined nato . 
  ( well , all the bits of germany that were n't under occupation by the russians did ) . 
  i 'd suggest that military alliance was the more important part . 
  yep . 
  we 'll turn it into a food court , staffed solely by english people serving their versions of various european dishes . 
  or you can buy it off of us . 
  ` take the money ' here meaning ` not continue to pay us lots of money for stuff you 're no longer going to be getting the benefits of ', 
  makes sense really , that way when they get an agreement they can claim to have gotten what they wanted and may can quote a much lower number than the # 60bn, 
  it 's in the # 60bn figure being quoted as a leaving bill . 
  so we 'll pay it as and when that bailout happens , not up front on the off chance . 
  paying until we leave is fine . 
  what we 're objecting to is paying for stuff up to 2023 if we 're leaving in 2019 , as well as for a bunch of random shit like an imaginary irish bailout . 
  it 's also based on plans for future budgets that we had n't signed up for , bailouts that might never happen and a bunch of other stuff that they 've just stuck in to chance their arm . 
  the eu 's claim includes money for an irish bailout that has n't happened , but we said we 'd be in on if it was necessary . 
  they now want us to pay up just in case ireland needs bailing out all of a sudden . 
  that 's just one example of the bullshit . 
  another good one is that we back loans for certain countries and businesses through the eib . 
  the # 60bn is based on the idea that all of those will fully default , and that the uk should hand over enough money to cover their part of the loss that would result from that upfront , and maybe get it back eventually , when the eu feels like it , if they ca n't find some way to launder the money away . 
  it 's like that , if you 'd been paying into every round anyway and were now going home , but people want you to keep buying drinks for their poor mates for the next 4 or 5 rounds because they 'd planned to drink more based on the assumption that you 'd be paying , and also they want you to pay for a taxi cleaning in case ireland throws up on the way home ( he 's looking fine now , but you never know ) . 
  also , they 've lent their ukranian mate # 50 , and they 're sure he 's good for it , but just in case he is n't they want the uk to give them a tenner to cover the loss . 
  they 'll get it back to us if the bloke pays up , honest !, 
  what popular narrative ? 
  the idea that the entire continent splitting into two opposed military blocs was slightly more militarily relevant than how half of it arranged their farm subsidies ? 
  i imagine that narrative is going to stay pretty popular . 
  i think you 're confusing the eu with the collapse of the ussr . 
  bankers get paid huge salaries . 
  that means they want to live somewhere where they can spend those huge salaries . 
  let them have their vote . 
  hardly a problem . 
  we can simply unilaterally ban companies from selling a contract in the uk with roaming fees . 
  since they 'll already have had to remove them from now to 2019 , i doubt they 'll be too upset . 
  to be fair , you guys do the elected head of state about as well as possible by electing an affable grandad , but the monarchy works for us , by keeping powers that should only be used in extremis away from politicians who are tempted to justify their own existence by using their powers . 
  keep mouthing off and she can be . 
  interesting stuff , i 'll have a read . 
  dutch trading figures are pretty unreliable due to your ports , and you should bear in mind that those are by value , not by amount of food . 
  if you bought a tonne of coffee beans , roasted them , consumed half and then sold half to france , you 'd be a net exporter of coffee on these terms ), 
  100 miles is actually an absurdly short distance to be detectable from . 
  astute class subs , the uk hunter sub model , and hear a regular ship at a range of 3500 miles . 
  to give an idea of the difference , to hear a type 45 leave plymouth harbour , russia would need a sub around gurnsey . 
  meanwhile , an astute class in the same place could feasibly monitor ships leaving new york . 
  i see , so all statments now need qualifiers . 
  would you say you support the eu ? 
  what if they turn out to be secretly creating cloned dinosaur soldiers to murder everyone with ? 
  are you an environmentalist ? 
  would you murder your family to reduce co2 emissions then ? 
  do you support lgbt rights ? 
  what about the right of lgbt people to punch your mum for no good reason ? 
  all support for all ideas has the implied caveat that the support is to some degree conditional . 
  otherwise there 'd be no way to express support for anything , since you 'd need to add an infinite list of hypotheticals . 
  we will , but hopefully we 'll choose not to .
