  well we do n't have the contents of the letter , beyond the excerpt they took , so it 's not clear what they said . 
  yeah . 
  amazing it took the uk so long to get itself out of it really . 
  ** hated . 
  it takes more than a road name to make up for their theft of the duchies to which we have valid claim !, 
  gascony for the english !, 
  you mean a halifax gibbet ? 
  ( british invention , like pretty much anything useful ), 
  the checks will be the same as for any illegal immigrants ( passport needed to get a job ) , and irish people will still be able to live and work freely in the uk , as they have since the cta was agreed in 1923 ( except during ww2 ) . 
  what the eu decides ireland has to do is harder to predict . 
  that 's the trouble with not running your own country . 
  it 's not his fault , he was never designed to lead a party . 
  the factory that made him did [ a more leadership-suitable model ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/12/03/article-2242052-0e150f2300000578-99_306x631.jpg ) , but labour did n't pick that one . 
  the assumption there is that the eu 's problems are fixable by the eu . 
  the 18-25 demographic , by a healthy margin , did n't show up . 
  so ` merkel : free houses and benefits in germany for anyone from the 3rd world ' is n't fake news because she supports giving them to some people with that group . 
  equally ` merkel : kill all iraqis and syrians ' is n't fake news either , since isis are a subset of those groups and she 's in favour of killing them . 
  circumstances beyond your control do n't include ` it 's a bit inconvenient at the moment , but i still insist on this being done now , despite there being no time pressure on it ', 
  yeah , but she misses out the key requirement of ` ability to correctly fill in application ', 
  yes . 
  i assume that ' i decided to apply when my passport was n't available despite there being zero time pressure on this application ' is n't on the list of ` good enough reasons ', 
  it does n't say anywhere in the actual rules that it is . 
  the grauniad 's source on it being allowed seems to be the woman herself , who clearly does n't know how the system works . 
  plus italy 's position in the euro is no more sustainable than it was last year , deutchebank still does n't dare undergo fair stress tests and greece is n't going to stop being a problem any time this decade . 
  why earn karma if you ca n't spend it doing something you enjoy ? 
  since i got banned from / r/unitedkingdom for suggesting that it was n't a brilliant idea to let anyone who claimed to be under 18 into your country without any form of verification of that claim , i find that this is the best place in which to dissent . 
  i 'd try / r/scotland but they insist on typing with an accent . 
  well , it was . 
  i do n't think any sane person would suggest that the euro project was set up perfectly . 
  also , note the capitalisation . 
  much as there are many gods , but god refers to the judaeo-christian god , so there are many banks , but the bank is always the bank of england . 
  the majority of mps ran on a manifesto promising to honour the result of the referendum regardless of the outcome . 
  if they do n't want to do that , they should resign . 
  makes sense . 
  we like symmetry and dislike things that deviate strongly from our expectations of what a face should look like . 
  [ funny , this made me feel better ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/thumbnails/image/2016/06/24/07/eu-result-graphic-2.jpg ), 
  i 've had some fun conversations with people who voted remain and were bitching about the ` stupid bigots ' who voted leave . 
  the best one was with an irish student who was talking about how a bunch of uninformed idiots had voted for brexit so now she was going to get kicked out of the country . 
  she calmed down a bit once i 'd explained the common travel area to her , but she did n't seem to spot the irony . 
  the embedded video is from prof. martyn poliakoff at nottingham . 
  he does a great series of videos on general chemistry for those with an interest ( he 's also a good person to ask about supercritical chemistry for those in the field , and a really nice bloke ), 
  if this think tank is to be believed , single market access might not count for as much as you think in finance , since they 're predicting that major players will start dropping out of the euro within 5 years . 
  what a shit idea . 
  ` where should we put solar panels , which need clear sunlight and are easily worn ? ', 
  ` on a low down area we send lorries over of course ! ', 
  one of the most remarkable coincidences of the war happened during this truce . 
  one of the british ` pals battalions ' ( groups of volunteers from the same area who were encouraged to sign up together and kept together thereafter ) from woolwich in london went out looking for someone to play a game of football with , since they had a ball and many of the people in this battalion had played for ` the arsenal football club ' who were at that time in the english second division . 
  expecting an easy win , they were surprised when the german troops put up a well organised defence and played a very close game . 
  little did they know that the munich regiment opposite them in the line contained the entire first team of the kriesliga club ` fu\u00dfball-club bayern m\u00fcnchen ' . 
  this extraordinary coincidence is honoured every year in the champions league round of 16 draw , where arsenal always draw bayern . 
  so we can assume that the uk is getting much richer . 
  well , the only reason the troops at yorktown had anything to eat or any powder for their weapons was spanish silver . 
  took them long enough, 
  if an outbreak of cholera in berlin had killed 12 people and made dozens more seriously ill , would you be telling me that the system in place to treat water works reasonably well ? 
  almost nobody ever dies of cholera in germany . 
  why are you so afraid that you waste time cleaning the sewage out of your drinking water ? 
  that 's exactly my problem with the lib dem 's referendum on the deal idea . 
  either we do it pre-a50 , which means we have a referendum to set a wish list that we 'll never be able to stick to or we do it post-a50 which means knocking 3 months of an already absurdly short negotiation period . 
  my sister 's 3rd year student house was on a somali street . 
  they were pretty much the only non-somali house . 
  ( she went to leicester uni ) . 
  incidentally , one of the most entertaining things i 've ever seen was a somali bloke trying to order kfc from a bangladeshi bloke , with about 40 words of really thickly accented english between them . 
  they had however picked up the ` louder and slower ' method of making yourself understood, 
  well , the middle class left wanted to stay in , and anything they do n't like is racist , so leaving is racist . 
  simple really . 
  cobs do n't split down the middle . 
  [ this is a cob ] ( http://darvellandsons.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/white-crusty-rolls1.jpg ) a version of this that is soft on the outside , rather than crusty , would be a bap . 
  i 'd say the split down the middle in the manner of a really short baguette makes that a roll . 
  sounds good . 
  we could keep all the north sea oil and not take any of the debt , like the scots nats on here were telling me they would do . 
  or , to be more accurate , those are areas where over 50 % of the electorate voted either way . 
  every area had more than 50 % of the votes go one way or the other . 
  or bbc parliament . 
  that 's a great sleep aid . 
  i think he 's a waiter at la tasca . 
  jose manuel barroso , however , works for goldman sachs, 
  could that be because she campaigned in texas and not in wisconsin ? 
  she spent so much time trying to flip traditional red states to rack up a big , emphatic win that she ignored the traditional blue states and was punished for her hubris, 
  especially if you do n't make the records of who said what available to the public . 
  seems they 're using 2011 census numbers . 
  so they 're out by 5 years . 
  the difference is that the westminster government might have to implement theirs , so they have to do a bit more work on them . 
  the thinking behind labour is ` we must be ideologically pure , purge the blairite scum who dare to allow such things as winning elections or having policies that might actually work stand in the way of adherence to true socialism . ', 
  his ira backing was a bit stronger than corbyn 's too . 
  expect to hear a lot about ` the ballot , the bullet and the bomb ' and kneecapping people he disagrees with . 
  do the same thing again next year and you might meet the nato 2 % target . 
  i vote that if we decide on conventional war , we send all the little armies to delay stuff while you lot , the yanks and our lads get organised , then push back . 
  well , if you 're just giving people something to wear about camp , may as well use the desert camo stuff up . 
  alcohol , rape , murder , smoking ... stakes are bouncing all over the place . 
  the mainstream offers the chance at best rotate the liars , swapping those who lied to us last term out for those who lied to us the term before, 
  it 's a joke for everyone but the expats . 
  there are a fair few worried people out there . 
  a lot of the eu citizens at my uni would feel a lot happier if their governments could get this sorted now . 
  ca n't find the bbc report on these figures , [ so sky will have to do ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/nhs-scandal-as-uk-pays-millions-to-eu-10189381 ) basically the nhs paid over # 670m out and got less than # 50m back . 
  hilariously , the 30k brits in poland cost us over 4x as much we charged poland for the the half a million poles in the uk . 
  if we moved everyone back , the nhs would come out richer . 
  yes , but the people who did that were trying to stop us leaving . 
  that 's the point of a50 , to make it so there 's technically a procedure for leaving while making it as hard as possible to actually do . 
  you may not realise it , but we actually still pay for the healthcare of expats in spain . 
  in theory , the other eu nations pay for healthcare received here , though the money we get back is way less than what we pay out .
