  except that the rebels the uk has been training ( notably not arming ) have been fighting isis . 
  we can tell because we had special forces there with them . 
  how would rebels losing to isis help anyone ? 
  a few hundred fighters with air support and the sas helping them out can do a lot . 
  training and arming people who are fighting a group as evil as isis is worth it . 
  sure , they might be susceptible to infighting and sure , they may end up being led by some egotistical nutter who will hate us for helping them . 
  did n't stop us helping the french resistance in ww2 , wo n't stop us helping those fighting isis . 
  our lot seem to have been working with the ` new syrian army ' , a group of defectors who 've been pretty much solely fighting isis . 
  i think we 're working on the general principle that if they 're fighting isis , they 're probably the less extremist side in that fight , and we 're picking forces that are just engaged with isis and not with assad . 
  given that the help takes the form of air support and special forces , and we seem to be co-ordinating it with the us , i 'm fairly ok with it . 
  it 's not like they 're sneaking off hundreds of miles to fight assad while the sas are n't looking . 
  i was under the impression that the eu was finally bringing in a system to track who enters and leaves the schengen zone . 
  seems odd to allow one point of entry to go unmonitored . 
  yeah , because land based routes are easier than sea based . 
  why ? 
  it 'd be no easier for them to get from france to scotland than from france to england . 
  not really , illegal immigration from eu citizens is n't a concern unless something major goes wrong with the eu , and non-eu illegals would n't take such a circuitous route . 
  have we ? 
  i suppose that by attacking isis troops that were fighting said extremists , we can be said to have helped those extremists . 
  we 've also done some training for the more moderate rebels in areas where they 're fighting isis . 
  not seen anything about us supporting extremists who use human shields . 
  what we definitely do n't have is troops working at the same airbase chemical weapon attacks are being launched from . 
  russia did . 
  we also did n't claim to have overseen the removal of all syria 's chemical weapons . 
  russia did . 
  i guess if you think that the uk 's training rebels justifies russia being complicit in illegal uses of chemical weapons , you should oppose the sanctions . 
  illegal immigration was n't a point in favour of leave . 
  remain used a lot of scare tactics over it , suggesting france would remove the bilateral treaty that allows us to have customs in calais rather than at folkstone for the chunnel ( unlikely , since any disruption of the tunnel costs the company that owns it money , and france has shares in that company while the uk does n't ) we do send police to check boats , but conducting a thorough search of every lorry is a big ask ( dover gets an average of 4 lorries a minute , the tunnel gets 3 per minute ), 
  of some description , to some degree . 
  that 'll be settled in the exit negotiations . 
  if and when scotland acceded to the eu , they 'd have to ask for a new treaty with the ruk to deal with the scottish border if they wanted a similar deal . 
  ca n't think what we 'd want in exchange , but i 'm sure we could come up with something . 
  sure , but the uk 's biggest problem , border wise , had been the channel tunnel and calais port . 
  we 're not dealing with illegal small boats , we 're dealing with people smuggling in lorries and on trains . 
  obviously , scotland 's problems will be more of a goods smuggling nature , and a big border with hundreds of crossing points by road is going to make that a nightmare . 
  plus credibly pretending to enforce a border with the uk ( which is what will be required in practice ) is going to cost scotland a lot more than ~ 8 % of the cost of uk border control , which is what they notionally pay now . 
  no , i 'm saving for a house , something they aggressively encourage . 
  i 'm still avoiding tax , so i 'm still part of the number quoted . 
  not really . 
  we only need to guard the ports , scotland has 96 miles of land border to deal with . 
  he 's a disaster , but there 's no good replacement . 
  the theory is that he 's holding on until he can push through a rule change that would make it easier for hard left candidates to get on the leadership ballot . 
  yep . 
  just like how in the 80s the young voted for socialists and the old for thatcher , so 30 years later jeremy corbyn is tremendously popular and the tories are polling at their lowest in decades . 
  if i pay money into an isa , i 'm avoiding tax . 
  i 'm doing it in a way the government deliberately set up for people like me to do that , but i 'm still avoiding tax , so i 'm part of that figure . 
  so that means they 'd have to put up and enforce a border with england , since it 'd be the edge of schengen . 
  i 'm sure that 'll be nice and cheap . 
  they 're backing assad , who has been using chemical weapons , and have threatened to attack us aircraft ( in that they 've suspended the agreement with the us which is designed to stop us and russian aircraft getting into fights ), 
  notably a photo which did n't appear in the report . 
  i 'm voting for prime minister do n't know , who is polling far better than corbyn . 
  happily , we do n't have any need for a supermajority to reform our constitution , since we do n't have one . 
  45 % is a huge amount . 
  in the uk that would produce a similarly huge margin . 
  we manage to replace our governments peacefully . 
  the trick is to get more people to vote for another party . 
  it 's weird how the pro-eu people seem to think they have the right to dictate to net recipients , but also get upset when a massive net contributor makes demands . 
  surely the ` you 're taking my money , you take my orders ' approach should cut both ways ? 
  well , no , because what you 've said varies between irrelevant and untrue . 
  the uk has no desire to close the border . 
  that has been stated repeatedly . 
  i was referring to objectives in the negotiations . 
  the uk remaining in the eu is n't really on the table . 
  if the roi care so much about ni , perhaps they 'll match the billions the uk send there every year . 
  it 's very easy to talk about caring . 
  putting money where your mouth is tends to be different . 
  well , since the start of 2017 , [ republicans have managed that bombing plus  ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-10866072 ) the shooting of a psni officer at a garage on crumlin road , belfast . 
  planting another bomb in poleglass ( psni caught the twat before he got chance to detonate it ) shooting a 16 year old kid in the legs . 
  planting a pipe bomb outside a policeman 's house . 
  to be honest , i was just listing all the flavours of ira i could think of . 
  the new ira seems to be the one trying to kill psni staff at the moment . 
  i assume that 's a shot at the uk 's electoral system . 
  fptp is n't ideal , but boundaries are set by an independent commission , so gerrymandering is n't really a concern . 
  it 's hardly like we have some places where you get over 12x as many seats per vote as others . 
  yeah , i was talking in terms of a trade and borders deal , not roi annexing part of the uk . 
  i doubt merkel would be stupid enough to support the latter . 
  more military using cyprus means more paychecks being spent there . 
  right , but there 's a difference between allegedly taking part in a riot 2 years ago and blowing up a police car last month . 
  the smart money 's on the one with the sas and the ghurkas , unless spain 's found some better supply of mental badasses and not mentioned them to anyone . 
  to be clear , when we talk about ` brussels ' in the context of the eu , we do n't mean that the belgian government controls the eu , we 're just using it to mean the eu . 
  there 's a prevailing impression that the belgian government basically does n't exist . 
  i like that the defence category splits almost perfectly into ` countries threatened by russia ' and ` others ' . 
  why not ? 
  it 's good for the local economy . 
  as i asked the other guy who felt the need to assert this , any recent stuff ? 
  last i can find from them is about 2 years ago, 
  i 'm not going to pretend it was done well , but the idea we kept ni against the wishes of those who lived there is bollocks . 
  are they ? 
  any idea when the last unionist attack was ? 
  i ca n't find one for a while . 
  inevitably in any binary decision , one ends up ignoring the minority . 
  we tend to ask the people who live there . 
  europe could take a lesson on that . 
  sure , but the irish seceeding was a military affair rather than a diplomatic one . 
  i doubt the scots would go straight to terrorism over us keeping faslane open for a few years . 
  i think you 're rewriting history a bit there . 
  to quote the lovely passage a bit further up the chain :  most gracious sovereign , we , your majesty 's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the senators and commons of northern ireland in parliament assembled , having learnt of the passing of the irish free state constitution act , 1922 , being the act of parliament for the ratification of the articles of agreement for a treaty between great britain and ireland , do , by this humble address , pray your majesty that the powers of the parliament and government of the irish free state shall no longer extend to northern ireland . 
  we did n't so much keep it as it chose to stay . 
  point is , republicans are still blowing shit up . 
  well , it works like this : the uk decides , in consultation with the scottish government .
