  if we tried to stay , there would be political chaos , with leavers from the tories splitting off to either join ukip or form a ` leave ' party , which could expect to clean up at the 2020 election . 
  then you 'd get a less competent bunch pulling the hardest brexit they could . 
  as someone who does n't speak dutch , the moment where a full screen title of ` wat ' comes up is brilliant . 
  it 's like the title maker was surprised . 
  communism . 
  up the river , and yes , if it was n't for barrier closures london would be regularly flooded . 
  i can imagine this popping up on the dashboard of self driving cars when you 're trying to input your destination . 
  in other words , the intention was good , but the results were worse than not bothering at all . 
  sounds like a lot of eu projects . 
  they could do it in a big tent like the studio for the grand tour . 
  it 's always fun when the eu is making rules about how much energy a hoover should use to save the planet , and you know that between the debate and the vote they 're going to move hundreds of people , as well as several lorries of empty boxes , hundreds of miles for no good reason . 
  if pointless wasting of taxpayer money could make the eu fall apart , it would have collapsed years ago . 
  it 's a negotiating position . 
  he does n't want to become singapore , but he 's pointing out that if the eu decides not to do an acceptable deal , we 'll have to find another way to get by , and that wo n't be one the eu will like . 
  or rather , let 's wait until there 's evidence of a problem before we start spending lots of money solving it . 
  if we implemented risky schemes on a continental scale every time someone predicted that new technology would cause mass unemployment , we 'd have died out at the end of the stone age . 
  2 years each for aus and nz , 3 years for usa , since trump will want it to be announced as the elections come up . 
  they 're trying , and if things are n't settled by 2020 , i expect them to make some significant gains based on it , though probably not much beyond their 2010 level of support . 
  shit , capone has stepped up his game . 
  well , it 's a pretty irrelevant hypothetical since we 're going to leave without the need for a government change . 
  there are enough single issue voters that ukip got 14 % when the tories were offering a referendum . 
  i imagine they could pull together enough leave voters to cause serious problems if there was no other eurosceptic option . 
  also , now we 've had a referendum , the eu issue is no longer just about whether we 're in or out . 
  it 's also a question of how our country is run . 
  are we actually a democracy or do we merely pretend to be one until the public dares contradict the wishes of the ruling class ? 
  that 's an issue you can win an election on . 
  if you think that half the population would just lie down and accept that their vote is meaningless , you 're out of your mind . 
  if you ignore people enough , they 'll vote for someone who wo n't . 
  if the tories were to ignore the referendum , ukip would be the only option for a leave voter . 
  labour do n't have enough support to pull that off unless they ousted corbyn and pushed leaving as official policy . 
  if they stayed remain , and the tories were remain to then point of ignoring the referendum , and the lib dems and greens stayed remain , it 'd be ukip going for the leave vote vs everyone else going for the remain vote . 
  which , in fptp would mean only one result . 
  the snp made free university a flagship policy , and now has fewer poor kids at university than any other nation in the uk . 
  how is that not fucking up ? 
  nah , these reforms would have been a really good idea if anyone had spoken up for them before we voted out . 
  of course , nobody did . 
  it was much easier just to call us racists . 
  i get the feeling , however , that what we 're seeing here is a little bit of electioneering with as much chance of achieving real reform as all the other suggestions that were n't ` hey , why do n't we transfer more powers from national governments to the commission ' . 
  there 's the rhi scandal . 
  that 's a whole thing . 
  i remember because it 's the first ni political crisis that is n't ' x murdered y for having the wrong sort of crucifix , you are/aren ' t supposed to have the little bloke on it ', 
  largely people tend to view andrew neil 's pretty well documented right wing bias as a balance to the rest of the organisation 's well documented left wing bias . 
  i 'm not sure the last one should be on there as an option , since the actual effect of an attempt at not leaving the eu would be wto rules brexit in 2020 . 
  under a ukip lead government most likely . 
  good work lads . 
  would n't want that nuclear waste getting leaked into the seas when the climate change induced floods happen . 
  yep , it 's called a 3rd class honours degree . 
  they decided to add ` with honours ' so it 's relevant to the discussion to know that the term is next to meaningless , since they were pushing it to the fore . 
  plus honours only means ` got 40 % or more from somewhere other than oxford ', 
  you got 1 % more than you needed . 
  yeah , this is a reasonable use of the solidarity fund . 
  though in this case its job is taking money off of the uk , taking a cut for admin and then returning some of it . 
  it gives the appropriate context to the headline . 
  it takes it from ' i am an excellent academic but am now homeless ' to ' i got a 3rd in media studies from peckham ringroad university by going on the piss for 3 years and getting marks for showing up and now i 'm homeless ', 
  well , we 're still paying in , and this is actually a natural disaster rather than a bank bailout , so we may as well take the money . 
  `` sure , climate change will destroy us in the next 200 years , but at least we wo n't have to worry about the nuclear waste 10000 years down the line '' - germany 's anti-nuclear lobby ,, 
  so the eu 's solution to brexit is to transfer powers from nation states to the eu . 
  who would have guessed ? 
  graduated with honours simply means he completed a standard 3 year degree and got at least 40 % ( and that he did n't go to oxford ), 
  while homelessness is a major problem , it 's worth noting that one can graduate with honours by getting an average mark of 40 %, 
  little bits of dark blue keep hitting my house . 
  i do n't want dark blue . 
  [ it was deliberately made as difficult as possible to do so ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/commentators/valeacutery-giscard-destaing-the-eu-treaty-is-the-same-as-the-constitution-398286.html ) , because when they presented a treaty people could easily understand , it was rejected . 
  lisbon was designed to take the constitutional treaty and get the measures it had spelled out clearly ( and which had been rejected by referenda ) passed by making sure nobody could understand what was going on well enough to object to it . 
  in this case , the one of the requirements is getting your neighbors to agree to it . 
  someone who wo n't have the power to make an offer saying that they might do something is n't an offer . 
  the eu council could act as the forum for negotiations on this subject , since immigration policy with 3rd parties is up to each nation , and each sends their leader to it . 
  what it has done instead is assume that competence by forbidding negotiations pre-a50 , effectively demanding that it be allowed to dictate immigration policy by preventing deals being struck . 
  the eu parliament , a rubber stamp body ? 
  never !, 
  may is allowed to offer what she wants . 
  the eu is demanding that nobody negotiates before we trigger a50 , but that 's not a legal requirement . 
  knowing that your opponent is going to ignore you does n't mean you ca n't make the offer , nor does it mean that the offer is not genuine . 
  actually , they just showed turkey as a future member , which the eu agreed with at the time . 
  they noted that this would give the eu a border adjacent to syria and iraq , which seems like a bad idea if it ever gets the whole ` share the refugees around ' thing going . 
  the eu could n't convince us to stay in the eu , let alone to cede territory to spain against the wishes of the inhabitants who live there . 
  nor would we be willing to let spain dictate uk tax policy . 
  ceuta has been spanish about 50 years longer than gibraltar has been british . 
  so if trends continue , it should pass by around the year 4002, 
  yeah , we would . 
  without the lisbon treaty , it goes like this : uk announces intention to repeal european communities act 1972 . 
  uk negotiates with no time limit . 
  if a deal is secured , we repeal the act , if not , we still repeal the act . 
  uk has now left the eu . 
  hell , we can still do that if we want to . 
  all lisbon gave us was a 2 year time limit . 
  it comes from that exact thing happening with the european consititution , which we were promised a referendum on in the 2005 labour manifesto . 
  the constitution got renamed to the lisbon treaty ( and made harder to read ) , so we did n't get a referendum . 
  i guess in your mind , expecting a group to act the same way they 've acted so far is paranoia . 
  well , really the way to deal with it is ` not own an already failing restaurant chain ' . 
  blaming brexit is easier for him than admitting his restaurants are overpriced and operate in a saturated market . 
  why would i go there rather than carluccios , bella italia , prezzo , pizza express , zizzi , ask italian , strada or a non-chain italian restaurant if i wanted italian food ? 
  as a leaver , i 'm fine with an eu army , but i do n't want the uk in it . 
  we 're competent in our own defence anyway , no need to surrender command of our defence . 
  i can see why a lot of eu countries ( hell , pretty much everyone but france ) would want to pool resources , since they are n't in the same position we are . 
  as to ` it 'll never happen while we 're in ' . 
  all it takes is someone like blair . 
  we 'd get ` no eu army ' in the manifesto , and then it 'd be called ` the combined european military ' and the proto-blair would claim that changing the title makes it a totally different thing so the promise does n't count, 
  or to put it another way , the uk is n't federalist . 
  we never have wanted a european superstate .
