  how can you be sure they do n't deserve asylum if you do n't know where they 're from . 
  if they all say aleppo , what then ? 
  how are you determining their country ? 
  paperwork ? 
  what if they wo n't tell you , are you just going to take a guess ? 
  why would the countries in question agree to take them back , especially if you ca n't prove their origin ? 
  also , if they 're on your soil and claim asylum , you 're obliged to process them . 
  unless you 're tearing up all the asylum treaties . 
  only in a very general sense . 
  you 'd have to rewrite your man overboard sops entirely to make them include letting people drown . 
  your sailors might not appreciate that , since those are the same sops that would be used if they got swept overboard . 
  again , there 's procedures in place , so you have to follow them . 
  it 's not like there 's a navy out there that does n't have a set procedure for rescuing a person who is in the sea near their vessels . 
  also , you ca n't do this at a policy level any more , you 're relying on individuals to take the initiative in killing civillians . 
  it 's not like you can issue an order saying ` all migrants in the sea look a bit violent , do n't rescue them ', 
  yeah , but the thing with cia blacksites and extrodinary rendition is that they 're not easy to turn into a media spectacle . 
  this is . 
  once the vessel is sinking and people are in the water , you 'd have to follow the same procedures you 'd use to rescue any other sinking ship . 
  so either you modify all your other procedures to include ` let the fuckers drown ' or you rescue them . 
  the rules are written so that there 's no ambiguity . 
  it 's also a breach of international law . 
  you can either not send out ships to patrol or you can send them out and have them pick up the migrants . 
  what you absolutely are n't allowed to do is send ships and then refuse to aid people in distress on the seas . 
  yes , i 'm aware of that . 
  it made many mass murders possible . 
  however , individuals modern militaries are required to abide by international law even when doing so would conflict with an order . 
  no person in a modern western military has been put in the position of being asked to allow the unnecessary deaths of hundreds of civilians with no military objective yet . 
  i doubt they 'd all be so bloodthirsty as you seem to be . 
  once again , they 're not morons , and will be bound to ignore the deck scrubbing orders if they result in civillian deaths . 
  ` just following orders ' is n't an excuse anymore . 
  send them back where ? 
  how ? 
  same difference . 
  your naval personnel are n't morons , and they wo n't ignore drowning people . 
  if that 's what ni people want , good luck to them . 
  if it 's not , good luck trying to make us give it away . 
  probably not , since that was a projection and this is retrospective . 
  hey , it 's not just cool to wish another country bad luck . 
  there 's a fair few british people who seem happier when we get bad news than good , since it validates their worldview . 
  at any rate , thanks for the good wishes , best of luck to you guys too . 
  except per a bunch of other treaties , you ca n't just sail a warship into someone else 's territorial waters without their permission . 
  tends to count as an act of war . 
  as to the turkish coastguard , they do n't have to be there . 
  the boats are only scuttling when the blockade tries to stop them . 
  no blockade , sail straight to greece anyway . 
  turkey are not the ones ordering naval personnel to watch people drown and do nothing in this situation . 
  they are merely allowing people to get on boats . 
  for the blockade to work , you 'd have to explicitly order personnel to fire on civillian vessels ( bang goes the geneva convention ) and to not rescue any civillian vessels that sank near them ( which breaks the international laws mentioned in my previous comments ), 
  so you 're just going to invade libya then . 
  it 's one up from invading turkey i guess , but still illegal without a un resolution and highly likely to destabilize their already unstable government . 
  neat solution . 
  what about the migrants who get sent while r&d are still working on your self piloting boats that are tamper proof and capable of making a safe landing on autopilot ? 
  any plans for dealing with the pre-2025 influx , besides declaring war on a nato member ? 
  also , did n't the eu try to dump migrants on a bunch of member states against their wishes quite recently ? 
  if they scuttle their boats ? 
  let them drown ? 
  that 's a lot to ask of your navy personnel , to stand and watch civillians drown when they could easily rescue them , especially when doing so requires them to break the law ( unless the eu first withdraws from the un convention on the law of the sea and the international convention on maritime search and rescue , which oblige them to assist those in peril on the sea regardless of their nationality or circumstances ) . 
  i 'm fairly sure orders to let civillians drown to make a point could be contested as inhumane . 
  not quite the same thing , i 'm afraid . 
  turkey would be allowing refugees to leave turkey , something they 're well within their legal rights to do . 
  you 're proposing sending warships into turkish sovereign waters and presumably landing military personnel to supervise unloading the migrants you picked up , which would be an act of war . 
  at the very least , this would end nato , as technically every other nato member would be obliged to declare war on whoever 's ships were used . 
  when they declined , nato would be de facto finished as a defence pact . 
  so you 're invading turkey ? 
  ( which would be what sailing into turkish territorial waters without permission would be ), 
  no , next summer 's still on , but the question is how many million refugees erdogan can send first , and whether it 's enough to influence the results of the french and italian elections . 
  he 's got 6 months before a tourism embargo would even start to bite , and that 's plenty long enough for him to severely damage europe . 
  to do what ? 
  sink the boats full of refugees ? 
  what if the migrants try to run the blockade ? 
  do you sink their boats ? 
  i like it . 
  it 's got lots of money being spent , which pisses off the anti-migrant people , and camps which piss off the pro-migrant people . 
  yeah , i 'm sure that embargoing tourism in november 's really going to bring down the turkish economy faster than he can load migrants on boats . 
  almost works , except that there are 29 entries , with one of them being the eu28 average . 
  good summary of the general response to brexit and trump, 
  same people who watch europarl.tv . 
  the most subsidised people in the world . 
  well , your lot should n't have bothered assisting british troops against napoleon then ( though the spanish regulars were somewhere between no help and a massive liability , so i really only mean the guerillas , and only some of them ), 
  odd that it changes colour drastically exactly one point below where the uk came . 
  not that eurobarometer are going to be biased or anything, 
  i wonder why millions of non-brits choose to live there then . 
  only when their opponents lacked the means to respond in kind . 
  even if the usa decided not to bother , there 's enough nukes under uk and french control to render russia even more uninhabitable than usual . 
  the eu broke their own rules to give db a pass on a stress test . 
  that 's how worried they are about it . 
  they 're worried that an accurate result from the stress test might be enough stress to cause it to fail . 
  yeah , i 'd say they 're extremist nationalists and if they organised a murder for political purposes it 'd be a terrorist action, 
  the political right and left are more about economics than about internationalism . 
  the guy may have wanted to nationalise the means of production or privatize the nhs , but neither was the motive for the murder , so extremist nationalist would be the correct description . 
  he 's certainly an extremist nationalist ( i 'd prefer to use nationalist than ` right wing ' since the latter is an economic position as much as a social one and i did n't hear him saying much about the free market ) , but most of the reason for papers shying away from the word ` terrorist ' here is that terrorism offences in the uk require an organised group , so calling a lone actor a terrorist could be considered inaccurate . 
  it 's a pretty meaningless distinction , but that 's probably why they are n't using it . 
  there 's not much point , especially if it gets reported on a clickbait site before it even starts . 
  so what ? 
  he 'd 3 line whip the plp to vote down a motion of no-confidence in the government ? 
  no hope . 
  they 'd have little to lose , since corbyn ordering them to vote for the government would look like a ) he was weak and terrified of having to fight an election . 
  admitting that the public thinks you are shit does n't actually win votes . 
  b ) he was a hypocrite , since he was actively fighting to keep the government he claims is incompetent in power . 
  c ) he 's resorting to dirty tricks to overrule the referendum .
