  not sure how or why our trade with russia would be damaged by leaving the eu , but if you like . 
  so a few corrections to start with : 1 . 
  the eu is the destination of 44 % of our exports , not 54 % . 
  we do n't ` know that around 15 % to 20 % of finance will move on to the continent ' in any situation , that 's a number you 've pulled out of thin air . 
  eu passporting is not necessary for the vast majority of services , and unless the eu wishes to pass a law taking euro-denominated trade in house ( which , incidentally , is how you cease to be a reserve currency ) , there 's no good reason for more than a token presence in the eu for most banks . 
  the eu wants a settlement in euros because it runs all its finances in euros and any use of euros strengthens the euro currency . 
  there are other areas to cut , especially if the eu decides they do n't want a friendly relationship . 
  there are a lot of refugee camps in libya that we might be forced to close , for example . 
  it 'd be a real shame if those people ended up being forced to try getting into europe . 
  sure , for the moment . 
  we 'll have to see how things pan out over the next couple of decades . 
  our exports to the eu have been a shrinking portion of our total for quite some time now and i doubt brexit will reverse that . 
  the ones with the hatched faceholes right ? 
  pop into leicester city centre some time , there 'll be a couple knocking around . 
  niquabs are more common though . 
  2nd biggest . 
  the usa is bigger than the eu without the uk . 
  remember july 2015 , when the eu forced tsispras to agree to massive austerity , then [ spent over 2 million euros on tablewear and crystal for embassies ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11747506/eu-diplomats-plan-fine-dining-service.html ), 
  i remember one of the annecdotes about the ep that we got from our meps , which happened during the expenses scandal that the uk had . 
  mps were getting put through the wringer for shit like spending # 1645 of taxpayer 's money on a ` floating duck island ' for the houses they owned and flipping which of their 2 houses ( mps from constituencies outside london get a 2nd house allowance so they can have a property in their constituency and in london ) they counted as the primary residence to get the taxpayer to pay for repairs . 
  the reaction of the meps , allegedly , was complete bemusement , since everyone they knew was skimming way bigger amounts than anything these mps were getting their careers ruined over . 
  thank gordon brown , the only man stupid enough to get a dip in the gold price named after him ( it 's called the brown bottom , which is appropriate , because he really shit the bed economically ), 
  plus he 's on strike , and so is his mistress . 
  sure but regional debt and national debt run on different scales . 
  catalonia having debt of 35.4 % of gdp , in addition to being part of spain and thus having a share in spain 's overall debt of around 99 % of gdp is bad . 
  in the case of catalonia being an independent country , 35 % of gdp would be very very low . 
  i mean , if the experts in question are the imf , you 're basically just as well guessing as reading their predictions . 
  alternative headline : uk still biggest destination for eu jobseekers after brexit . 
  or : website searches used by major newspaper as a measure of the appeal of a country - is quality journalism dead in the uk ? 
  nope , since they are n't actually that anti-immigration in practice ( they say they want lower net migration but do very little about it because the businesses who fund them like a ready supply of cheap foreign workers ) . 
  brexit 's immigration bit is n't about closing down the isle as much as making sure that immigration is limited to those who actually benefit the uk , rather than shitloads of people coming in to do manual jobs for rock bottom wages and paying next to no tax . 
  which is n't terribly relevant to the uk born child of libyan refugees being a murdering twat . 
  yes . 
  in the end if one group has something the other group wants , it will be on the table , because pious moralism has no place in the running of a country . 
  you get the best deal you can using whatever you have . 
  doing anything less is utterly immoral . 
  it would be fair that free trade be non negotiable . 
  see , i can arbitrarily declare shit i want to be non-negotiable too . 
  if we ca n't afford to keep investing in our intelligence services , people die down the line . 
  a trade deal is as much a part of our security needs as a deal on intel is part of yours . 
  i think the foreign office would take issue with that once they 'd finished laughing . 
  if you have to harm the people of the eu to keep the eu from breaking up , then the eu should be allowed to break up . 
  i mean , not really . 
  i was never of the opinion that merkel had the uk 's interests at heart . 
  the main difference brexit has made is that we 've removed the massive cash incentive for her to pretend . 
  if the difference between someone being on your side and them opposing you is whether you 're prepared to pay money to their projects , that 's not an ally . 
  no idea why everyone is so worried about russia . 
  their pilots are so bad they ca n't even fly a patrol without us having to scramble someone to give them directions . 
  we have a carrier in the med . 
  it 's called raf akrotiri and it has proven very difficult to sink, 
  no philip may , no joachim sauer ( merkel 's husband ) . 
  seems weird that he jumped into this . 
  say what you like about phillip may and joachim sauer , they at least bothered to put dresses on and shave their legs for the photo op . 
  not hard at all , hence why i did it before the vote . 
  the continued assumption that anyone who disagrees with you must not be in possession of the facts betrays your arrogance and inability to consider that other people 's views may have as much , if not more validity than your own . 
  hell , you even managed to agree with me in your attempt to contradict me . 
  as you point out , the eu has been used by uk politicians to justify unpopular policies . 
  that 's exactly what i meant by it being a shield for the incompetent . 
  on immigration for example , the eu mandated free movement is used as an excuse for the failure to do what the vast majority of people want , and it always works as an excuse because it never stops being true that while in the eu , we simply ca n't control immigration . 
  as to the other countries you mention , ireland and the netherlands should push for the organisation that is supposed to have their best interests at heart to be more reasonable if they want to avoid a no-deal . 
  if it refuses , they should consider where their best interests lie . 
  scotland and wales are part of the uk , and as such are represented on our side . 
  spain 's foreign minister threatened to ` plant his flag ' on uk territory . 
  i was more referring to how they deal with apostasy, 
  once again , you have decided to go for insults rather than substance . 
  i did , surprisingly enough , spend some time considering my vote . 
  i opted for the side which i thought had the best long term outlook for the uk . 
  that meant , above all , allowing the people of the uk to decide what is best for the uk . 
  the eu has proven many times that it has little interest in or understanding of the views of the people of the uk , and governance by such a body can not be tolerated if the tradition of democracy which has served the uk well over centuries is to continue . 
  the eu has become both a shield for incompetents and a means for the competent to subvert the will of the people , and if the uk is to be governed well , we can not continue to allow it to serve in either capacity . 
  as such , we must leave . 
  the eu will , naturally enough , do all it can to harm the uk in that process , since our successful exit would represent no less than a heresy against the cult of integration many in the eu seek to build . 
  either we weather it now , or we wait until we allow ourselves to be dragged by inches into a federation that we do not want . 
  there 's no need to add those words . 
  they are simply a clarification of the relevance of the sentence to the topic at hand . 
  if the treaties cease to apply , by definition any financial obligation they contain must also cease to apply . 
  the financial obligations exist only within the treaties , and once they no longer apply , there can be no obligation . 
  those liabilities you refer to are held by the eu , not the uk . 
  like the scientologists or extremist islam . 
  billions for defence , not a penny for tribute . 
  i 'd rather pay more and not give in to extortion . 
  article 50 does cover the financial obligations . 
   the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 in other words , 2 years after a50 , if there is no withdrawal agreement , the treaties , and thus any financial obligation imposed by those treaties , cease to apply . 
   just another dim brexiteer unable to agree with the facts gee i wonder why you do n't talk to many people who have voted leave for good reasons . 
  could it be that you insult anyone who voted leave before finding out their reasons and do n't bother to even ask what those reasons were ? 
  perhaps if you stopped to listen before going for the insults , you 'd find those who disagree with you are a lot more reasonable and willing to explain their views . 
  or you can just hold on to your comfortable bigotry . 
  do n't play football against them is my only caveat . 
  i got two-footed by a ghurka when i was on work experience as a 15 year old . 
  he was a great bloke , nearly broke my ankle then snuck me a pint after the match . 
  ( well , not fluently anyway ), 
  no , i have n't been to visit the parliament building ( honestly , of all the interesting places to visit in europe , why would anyone pick that out ? 
  if i wanted to see rubber stamps , there 's [ an exhibitition at the v&a ] ( https://www.vam.ac.uk/event/a0p8dx0g/rubber-stamps-and-artist-stamps ) ) , and yes , i do know a fair bit about the history and actions of the eu . 
  assuming that everyone who disagrees with you is ignorant is just a lazy way to avoid inspecting your own views . 
  i voted leave expecting no deal . 
  i was never under the impression the eu was anything other than a protection racket , or that the leaders of eu countries saw us as anything other than a cash cow . 
  the eu has readily fulfilled my low expectations . 
  i 'll give you an idea of the significance of the intelligence [ from last month ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/18/french-intelligence-foils-imminent-terror-attack-five-days-presidential/ ) doing without would have meant at least one major terrorist attack with 3kg of explosives and automatic weapons . 
  and that 's just one recent example .
