  this made them understandably angry and depressed , causing them to lash out at their royal family , who , of course , had known all along and had been working for centuries to shield the populace from the horrible truth . 
  the royals were overthrown , and a bloke called robespierre , reasoning that death was better than the lingering agony of living in the knowledge that you were french , when , but for a cruel twist of fate you might have been spanish or even , dare to dream , british , decided to kill as many of the french as possible to release them from their torment . 
  as well as the famous mass exceutions in paris , he also hit upon the idea of losing wars as an expedient means of self annihilation . 
  and it was going swimmingly until something happened that robespierre , who eventually retired by means of getting himself excecuted , could not have forseen . 
  a man by the name of naboleone buoena parte , a man from the hellish land of corsica , a land so reviled that even the french can rarely bring themselves to add it to the map , was allowed to become an officer in the french artillery . 
  being originally from corsica , he jumped at the chance to adopt a new identity , and thus was created an abomination . 
  the first man ever to be proud to be french . 
  bonaparte 's insanity spread through france like a plague , warping the already feeble minds of the natives and causing them to beat several austrian and prussian armies , who were surprised and confused by the attacks from napoleon 's forces , as they were expecting the frenchmen to adopt their usual tactic of begging for the sweet release of death and occasionally offering around trays of pastries . 
  despite the heroic efforts of british banks , austria and prussia soon fell . 
  the spanish , who are odd sorts , allied with the french , but were first defeated by nelson in a combined naval action with their french allies , partly because it had reached mid afternoon and all the spanish gunners had gone off for a nap , and partly because the men responsible for steering the french ships had all gone on strike . 
  shortly thereafter , the french army , fresh from another round of strikes over the exact length of their bootlaces , took over spain , once again using the dastardly tactic of attacking just after lunch when the spanish were just winding down and were all sleepy . 
  napoleon , at this point , was pretty angry at the english , mostly out of jealousy , so he decided to implement the first ever pan-european trade agreement . 
  the agreement was pretty simple . 
  ` do n't trade with england ' . 
  it was , of course , an utter failure , since russia kept getting drunk and impulse buying huge orders of cotton and rum , while the neapolitans discovered that smuggling and organised crime in general was brilliant fun ( a discovery which has since been responsible for untold misery and several oscars ) he also invaded portugal , which was about when britain decided we 'd had enough . 
  it 's all very well someone invading spain , or germany or whatever other hellhole they like , but once they start threatening our port supply , action must be taken . 
  ca n't very well drink ale after dinner , and it really was n't worth the effort of teaching the colonies how to make it . 
  further , in a fit of anger at russia 's drunken purchase of over 500 shiploads of rum ( famously ordered ` with diet coke , it 's just empty calories otherwise ' ) from british colonies , napoleon decided to invade russia too . 
  it is reported that upon reaching warsaw , he realised that he 'd forgotten his winter coat , and is quoted as saying ` ah well , i 'm not going back now , it ca n't be that cold anyway ' . 
  the british , lead by the duke of wellington , easily swept aside the french forces in spain , mostly due to being able to fight in muddy fields without worrying about their footwear , and napoleon , to quote his memoirs ` froze [ his ] tits off , like seriously , [ he ] could have cut glass with [ his ] nipples ' in russia , leading to a full retreat in order to get a fur coat from paris . 
  upon hearing that the british had gotten there first and nicked all the coats and hot chocolate , napoleon surrendered , on condition that he be allowed to go somewhere warm , and was exiled to elba . 
  he tried a comeback tour a few years later , but it did n't really go as well as he 'd hoped , and he eventually went off to st. helena to , and i quote ` look at mountains and birds and that sort of shit ' . 
  the french , however , were left mentally scarred by the episode , and are still convinced that being french is a totally normal thing that it 's fine to just tell people about , rather than , as it should be , a source of shame to be hidden while claiming to be a welshman with a sore throat . 
  ` like the greek assembly under pericles ' i feel that we should have made some minor progress in the last 2 and a half millenia . 
  why not use the buttons for everything ? 
  seems a minor delay ( might take as long as 30 seconds per vote , which should n't be significant compared to the time needed to consider a vote ), 
  yeah , but somehow i mentally separate that from the idea of mixing it with coke . 
  i think it 's a colour thing . 
  mixing a coloured and a clear liquid seems somehow more reasonable than mixing 2 coloured ones . 
  i guess , but buttons are more transparent for records . 
  i propose a joint system where the buttons turn on lights that the representatives and cameras can see , so if they get a red light when they voted aye they know that something 's fucky . 
  hooray for accountability . 
  they have buttons , use the goddamn buttons . 
  probably not . 
  but you 're not aiming for the us market . 
  a subsidy system for non-english language films might be in order , but limiting the english stuff is n't a good solutuion, 
  are you sure you 're considering all of europe . 
  the uk has a hand in a lot of great films though the bbc and film 4 . 
  some you might have seen : 12 years a slave '71 the riot club shame the iron lady 127 hours submarine four lions slumdog millionaire in bruges hunger the last king of scotland starred up plus tonnes of others . 
  all of those had film 4 funding . 
  you see , in the uk what we do is compete , rather than regulating . 
  if the eu wants to set up something like the bbc 's programming division or the old flim4 to fund good european projects , that 'd be great ( ideally , keep it away from political bias though , you do n't want a state propaganda machine . ), 
  make the belgian doctor who . 
  [ bill bailey has a theme tune for it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68wjiqbctli ), 
  more i 'm keen on experts in fields where the experts do n't frequently make predictions and demand action based on those predictions , only to be proven wrong over and over again . 
  beer and lemonade is a thing in the uk ( called shandy ) , but it has n't really ever occurred to me to mix coke with beer . 
  how odd . 
  i assumed this was the work of lone lunatics , not a national thing . 
  because the only body which has voted to prevent that is entirely appointed . 
  every time it 's been put to a vote of the public or those they elect , they 've picked the option that would give the pm full power to negotiate an exit . 
  i can tell because their elected representatives voted the bill through without amendments . 
  my theory will be confirmed when those representatives reject this amendment . 
  no it does n't . 
  it has jurisdiction over trade treaties , not all discussions . 
  this implies that they already mixed coke with beer , for some insane reason , tried it , and then decided that not only was it better than either coke or beer , but that it would be improved by using better beer . 
  that 's my preferred way to move forward now . 
  unfortunately the lords insist on slowing the process down with this futile grandstanding . 
  yeah , and that 's not working tremendously well . 
  we 're still struggling to get bills on devolved matters for england through parliament without the snp inventing convoluted excuses as to how it might also affect scotland and voting against . 
  plus i 'm in # 14k of debt because scottish mps voted for the english to have tuition fees , knowing that it would n't affect the people who voted them in . 
  it 's also worth noting that the eu states , in general , have a much more government focused structure . 
  the usa does way more charitable giving through private donors ( bill gates on that chart , for example , would be the same size as japan ), 
  and it 'll require compensation for quite a large share of eu assets too . 
  plus the 60bn figure is an absurd inflation , including a bunch of contingent liabilities like a hypothetical irish bailout . 
  yeah , but europe 's charity donors are n't generally comparable to major economies . 
  bill gates , were he on this chart , would get a block about the same size as japan 's . 
  if you count all the eu aid spending and all the aid spending of all the member states , yeah . 
  the other problem is that considering only state aid punishes low tax countries whose citizens donate money to charity . 
  look at bill gates . 
  he donated $ 9.8 bn in 2014 , which would put him around equal with japan on that chart if he were a country . 
  the eu is irrelevant to a discussion of immigration policy , except that their ` no negotiation before a50 ' dictat is the reason being used to refuse the deals . 
  the residence of uk citizens is a matter for individual eu member states , so merkel refusing a deal is actually relevant . 
  do try to keep up . 
  eu has no competency to rule on member states ' immigration law . 
  can you point to any article which forbids eu member states making agreements with third parties over immigration rules ? 
  if so , cite it please . 
  seriously , what are they even trying to achieve ? 
  it 's beer , you do n't actually need to dilute it . 
  if you desperately want watered down beer , somewhere will have coors or budweiser . 
  carbs with carbs . 
  probably an ex-army cook . 
  the uk did n't run that campaign either , happily . 
  most people in the uk have absolutely no problems letting eu workers stay where they are . 
  there are some details to be ironed out , like setting up proper billing for healthcare so we do n't keep subsidising the continent , but that 's easily solvable once proper negotiations begin . 
  the bit where we are somehow bastards making people into bargaining chips but the eu 's approach is totally ok because they 're sticking to an arbitrary rule they made up on the fly 9 months ago . 
  no , we 're very keen on them . 
  economists , on the other hand , rank somewhere between tea leaves and a newspaper horoscope in terms of predictive ability . 
  they 're all heartless bastards trying to use people as political pawns . 
  at least , i can only assume that , since that 's how people seem to be trying to paint those opposing this amendment . 
  which will be decided in the negotiations , as and when uk nationals get the same rights in eu countries . 
  [ write to your representatives , ask why you 're allowing germany to speak for you and block a reciprocal deal ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-theresa-may-angela-merkel-eu-migrants-deal-a7445261.html ), 
  [ i hope the people who are blocking a reciprocal deal take note ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-theresa-may-angela-merkel-eu-migrants-deal-a7445261.html ), 
  yeah . 
  i 'm glad they 've given may the ammo to finally gut the place of all the dross that accumulated over the last couple of decades . 
  hopefully we can turf out the last few hereditary peers and the bishops while we 're at it . 
  replace them with actual experts , or at least people who understand how a negotiation works . 
  people wanted to allow the pm to negotiate without having her hands tied . 
  and , once the commons rejects this amendment , that 's what we 'll get . 
  people should do this . 
  hopefully their mp 's reply might be able to explain the concept of a reciprocal deal and why unilaterally giving concessions is a fucking terrible idea .
