  the less moronic explanation is that all the papers published a load of stories about hate crime reporting , which all had stuff in about how to report hate crimes and what qualified as one . 
  as such , more people reported hate crimes . 
  actually , they only said that after they lost the first one . 
  so you 're saying london needs a plague ? 
  yeah , they 've even managed to blame us for ( amongst a wide variety of other things ) a [ rise in homophobic hate crime ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/oct/08/homophobic-attacks-double-after-brexit-vote ) . 
  bloody gays !, 
  go back to gayistan !, 
  [ the way she says ` once in a generation ' really gets me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-hv_nphzzs ) it 's great to hear someone speak with such sincerity , especially when they 're lying . 
  makes it all the more impressive . 
  [ hey , who would n't want a politician who can speak like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-hv_nphzzs ) if only we could get may to stick to her principles like sturgeon did . 
  [ some of her best bits from the last campaign ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-hv_nphzzs ), 
  we would , if they actually wanted to go . 
  we have this policy on not kicking countries out just because a vocal minority annoys us , and last i checked , more people voted no than voted yes ( or than voted snp for that matter ), 
  this is a deployment rather than a base . 
  20th armoured lives at bielefield , but we 're not moving 5 rifles ' hq from paderborn to estonia as far as i can tell, 
  their style of government would n't work in england , unless we find a country prepared to send us money that we can blame for our own fuckups . 
  any volunteers ? 
  if each person in the eu donates just 35 euro , we could pay the scottish budget deficit for a year . 
  please , give generously . 
  if you do , you might get to be the people sturgeon blames for all her fuckups instead of us . 
  no , it 's a cowl . 
  that 's death . 
  you 've not had a close read of the bible , have you . 
  i guess i place more importance on nato , the ussr and the constant threat of nuclear war for preventing wars than the eu . 
  people look for things they can claim to have achieved , and ` well at least nobody got hurt ' is the first one that comes up positive . 
  the basque people , like any group of people , deserve the right to decide how they are governed . 
  the spanish government has had ample opportunity to provide a referendum , and has refused to do so . 
  equally , when the rape gangs story came out in the uk , it turned out that far-right groups like the bnp had not only known about if for some time , but had been publicising it as widely as possible and desperately trying to get someone to notice . 
  hell , they went to the police and the bbc with those claims in 2004 . 
  the police covered it up , and the bbc did an investigation into the bnp showing how they were racists ( it actually uses their claims about the rape gangs as evidence of that racism , a horrible irony ) . 
  the result was that no action was taken for over a decade . 
  in that time at least 1400 children in rotherham alone were raped . 
  all because people did n't want to be seen as racist . 
  maybe he could give them medals for having lots of kids . 
  say , 4 gets a bronze , 6 gets a silver , 8 + gets gold . 
  privateers , please . 
  i see a t rex running to right of frame while looking over its shoulder . 
  yep . 
  she stood as a conservative , and her manifesto included a pledge to honour the referendum result . 
  she then stood for leadership of the conservative party , on a platform that included honouring the referendum result and was asked to form a government as she commanded the support of the majority of the house of commons , as that majority had also stood for election on manifestos including pledges to honour the referendum result . 
  not really . 
  you can spot that something is n't good for society even if you are doing it . 
  there are plenty of people who know that tax dodging is bad for society , but will still work for cash in hand because they want the extra money . 
  just throwing it out there , these people are like the least extreme version of what uncontrolled mass immigration to an area can look like . 
  they have n't integrated at all and do n't intend to , but they 're pretty well off and mostly contribute more money than they take out . 
  lots of people here seem keen on migration controls all of a sudden . 
  there are about 300,000 british in spain , and about 3.3 million eu citizens in the uk ( of which about 300k are from the a2 countries ) . 
  perhaps we 're not so different from you guys after all . 
  i thought 5 rifles was already heading up the nato efp group there . 
  is this in addition to that ? 
  edit : nope , turns out this is the advanced team heading over to get ready for that . 
  enact a mandate including honouring the result of the brexit referendum, 
  why pennsylvania nazis ? 
  surely illinois nazis would be the ones worth mentioning . 
  they 'll get another vote . 
  my bet is 2019 . 
  may does n't want to go with sturgeon 's pretty obvious setup , which is ` demand a referendum in 2018 when the terms of the deal with the eu are n't yet nailed down entirely , lie about being able to stay in the eu as they did in 2014 , and if you still lose , jump on any minor changes to the deal in the final ratification process as evidence that the 2nd referendum does n't count either and demand indyref 3 ' . 
  i just checked , turns out that the country is called ` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ' . 
  so i guess not . 
  we did n't ignore scotland 's wishes . 
  they added 1,661,191 votes to the remain side and 1,018,322 votes to the leave side . 
  what you 're confused about is the meaning of the word ` democracy ' . 
  it means ` power deriving from the people ' . 
  it does n't , at any point , mention that if some of those people happen to live in a region which used to be a separate country 300 years ago , they get extra power to overrule everyone else . 
  that would n't actually be a democracy at all . 
  good news . 
  it was n't undemocratic . 
  we had a number of votes . 
  it was approved by the uk electorate , then by the house of commons , and then by the house of lords . 
  it 's more democratic than almost anything any government has done in the uk ever . 
  [ she tends to repeat herself a lot ] ( https://streamable.com/ylffk0 ), 
  [ here 's a supercut of her best moments from the last campaign ] ( https://streamable.com/ylffk ), 
  yep . 
  i personally enjoy this phrase : [ once in a generation ] ( https://streamable.com/ylffk ) truth . 
  there was a lot of stuff discussing it at the last ge , yeah . 
  ( largely because ukip got 1 seat for 12.7 % of the vote ) . 
  i believe the term ` most unfair result in history ' was used . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  ok cool , that makes more sense . 
  so a slight bias against small parties , but less aggressive than anything like a 5 % minimum vote for a seat or the mess that fptp is . 
  most systems tend to be . 
  fptp is massively , and most proportional setups have some form of cutoff or bias to stop small fringe parties getting seats . 
  that said , this explanation does n't really give a clear idea of how the system actually works . 
  is it simply ` total votes/no . 
  of seats gets a seat , any unallocated seats awarded in order of most overall votes ? 
  edit : looked it up , seems to be total votes/no of votes to get a threshold , seats awarded based on multiples of that threshold , then d'hondt for leftover seats on overall vote , with small parties able to do combined lists with allied parties to get a better chance of a remainder seat . 
  so yeah , it is rigged against smaller parties , but much less so than practically any other system used . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i 'm just saying , do n't count the independence supporters out . 
  no , i mean now . 
  a chunk of the 60 billion euro the eu wants off of us is our contingent liability in case you default , and another chunk is money we 'd owe if you needed a further bailout . 
  i 'm confident you wo n't do either , but that does leave us with the question of why we 're being asked to pay out the money . 
  i 'm all for having the conversation , it just needs to be in the proper context . 
  welsh independence has about 6 % support . 
  it deserves as much serious consideration as other ideas with that much support , like banning the gays or making farage the pm, 
  then why is the eu asking us for money in case you need a bailout ? 
  hey , they have a solid 6 % support for independence . 
  for reference , that 's about the same number of people as think that homosexuality should be illegal . 
  it 's a policy on what happens when they do secede , which is that they leave the eu . 
  you know , the exact opposite situation to the one the question you posted was suggesting .
