  so equally ' i support women 's rights ' and ' i think murder should be a crime ' are mutually contradictory , because you 'd have to support all rights , even the right to kill people , for the first statement to be true ? 
  supporting free trade on general principle does n't mean you must support every measure resulting in freer trade regardless of the cost . 
  way too late for that . 
  we starve without the rest of the world either way , so what 's the difference ? 
  also the russian export market disappeared , on account of the sanctions , so demand went down significantly . 
  what you 're proposing is called a nation state and it already exists . 
  it 's pretty much just the absence of the eu . 
  well done to all those who protested . 
  my argument was about the selective enforcement of rules ( which seems to be lead by germany and france ) , making it wildly unclear to an observer used to living in a country where they bother about the rule of law what exactly the rules are . 
  i guess it 's a napoleonic law/common law thing . 
  i guess the lesson is to get invaded by nicer people , or at least to get invaded a long time ago so that the slavery etc. 
  seems quaint rather than horrific . 
  [ just for you ] ( http://www.youtubedoubler.com/?video1=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dvfjy3npelvy&amp;start1=&amp;video2=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dgxfsk0ogeg4&amp;start2=&amp;authorname ), 
  too many . 
  we should split into 4 teams of 7 , biggest economies as team captains . 
  we pick estonia , sweden , ireland , cyprus , malta and portugal . 
  all the islands , the good scandanavian countries ( given that norway is n't eligible ) and our oldest allies . 
  the good news is that we 're sorting out how exiting works . 
  when you leave can you teach us how to do internet good ? 
  it all comes back to a simple solution . 
  originally , there were no humans , so it all belongs to god , who is british . 
  ergo , everything belongs to us . 
  the united nations thinks that saudi arabia is good pick to deal with human rights issues . 
  [ we asked them , and no , they really do n't . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_2002 ), 
  you wan na fukin go mate ? 
  we 'll nuke your tits off . 
  down with the fictional russo-spanish alliance !, 
  we 're aiming for 9th march for a50 , assuming the lords do n't decide to play silly buggers . 
  spain , meanwhile is setting up a billboard to remind everyone that the aqueduct of segovia is ` roman italian ' . 
  shit , i did n't realise spain and portugal broke deficit rules in 2001 and 2002 . 
  i wonder why juncker , as pm of luxembourg , was even commenting at that point . 
  also , i like the bit where you present ` nobody but the czechs actually follows the rules , but no action is ever taken ' as if it 's a good thing rather than an indicator of exactly the sort of ` rules applied as we feel like it ' attitude i was criticizing, 
  i can see how it 'd be confusing trying to sort out the real rules like ` no individual trade agreements from the rules like ` no deficits over 3 % of gdp ' or ` balance of payments surplus under 6 % ' . 
  i guess the quick test is ` if france or germany break it , it 's a guideline , otherwise , it 's a rule ', 
  are we talking ` explain the official rules ' or ` explain how it actually works ' here ? 
  just like the lib dem 's 10th mp ... 
  [ eyewitness video of the attack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yybtmxzgqs ), 
  it 's a sign that this twat was n't bright enough to steal a lorry . 
  which is good news . 
  [ spotted in paris ] ( http://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s480x480/e35/12070790_827874607311652_1275798135_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=mtewmdmxntaxndkxmdi3nze4na%3d%3d.2 ), 
  i always keep mine in the fridge anyway . 
  i wonder why washing them is supposed to help ? 
  i think it 's because a lot of the experience the english have of france is paris and other touristy places . 
  when i went to paris on a school trip i saw two guys having a bilingual shouting match , in that they clearly were n't sure whether the other spoke english or french primarily , so they 'd scream insults in one language and then translate them . 
  it was tremendously educational . 
  it 's pretty commonly referred to as the irish famine or the potato famine . 
  you 're really having to stretch to find shit to fling if you 're having a go at terminology to distract from the fact that the only reason the cta was interrupted was that the irish government refused to fight against nazi germany ( i say government because there were lots of volunteers who stepped up when their government would n't ), 
  the not fighting the nazis one . 
  the potato famine was very nasty , and a terrible thing for the uk to do , but it really does n't have any bearing on whether ireland should have opposed hitler . 
  i tried your suggestion , nothing happened . 
  if i say it 3 times , will hitler appear behind me ? 
  or was that bloody mary ? 
  and if it was a horse trying to disassemble it would be cruelty to animals . 
  it is n't a nation state or a horse though , so i do n't see what the relevance is, 
  i guess that 's a yes to my question . 
  no need to get defensive about your country 's inaction in the face of fascism . 
  failing to accept that your country made mistakes in the past is a precursor to dangerous nationalism . 
  you mean during world war 2 , when we changed the rules because you refused to fight the nazis ? 
  how is this just now being thought of ? 
  electronic voting is a bad idea . 
  there 's a reason we use pencils . 
  eu logic is equally good : pro-eu factions spend taxpayer money on pushing pro-eu messages , that 's fine , it 's the ` communications budget ' . 
  anti-eu factions spend taxpayer money on pushing anti-eu messages , it 's corruption . 
  the only difference is that one side has the ability to push through legislation to fund their propaganda . 
  the difference is that when the pro-eu faction spends taxpayer 's money pushing their position on the eu , they do it through the eu budget . 
  it 's not corruption if you have a majority though . 
  pretty easily . 
  the # 9k a year is n't a real bill . 
  you accrue notional debt , which is in effect a 9 % income tax with a very high personal allowance and a lifetime cap on what you pay . 
  erasmus is n't actually academically useful , it 's an excuse to go get hammered and laid abroad . 
  as to eu healthcare refunds , the uk makes an enormous loss on those . 
  also , it seems i can add caesar to my ` historical comparisons that do n't instantly derail the conversation ' list . 
  i considered using ww2 resistance fighters as my ` justifiable murderers ' example , but that felt too inflammatory . 
  i did n't say i felt he should n't be prosecuted , just that it 's worth making the distinction between what he did and taking money for personal gain . 
  murder is murder , as you say , but killing caesar is n't the same as smothering your children . 
  in northern ireland ? 
  it 'd be a great way to unite the catholics and protestants i guess . 
  if the people of ni want it , they 're welcome to have it . 
  that 's the plan . 
  certainly we 'll do all we can to keep the cta with ireland ( eu permitting ) . 
  my bet is early march , since doing it too close to the anniversary celebrations on the 25th would be needlessly provocative . 
  if labour listened to the people who voted for it in 2015 , they 'd sack corbyn . 
  theresa may has better approval ratings among 2015 labour voters than corbyn does . 
  we 're a parliamentary democracy . 
  parliament just voted to trigger a50 by over 4:1 , having taken advice from the public through a referendum . 
  the uk did n't enter the eu based on a vote requiring supermajority , so leaving it should n't require supermajority . 
  changing the rules to lock your side into power is an americanism our politics can do without . 
  you 're confusing free speech with uncontested speech . 
  brussels used to trust that when pms promised a referendum , they would find a way to weasel out of it ( see blair 's 05 manifesto ) . 
  sometimes they 're just different . 
  look at eggs for example . 
  uk eggs are illegal in the usa because we do n't power wash them , us eggs are illegal in the uk because they do . 
  turns out both are about as safe as each other . 
  i voted leave and we want none of your shite thanks . 
  we 're going to continue to be a trading nation , we 're going to continue to work with other countries and we 're not going to start nationalising stuff . 
  this is about leaving a political project that does n't work for us , not turning ourselves into an inward looking state . 
  us embassies are basically doing what they want at the moment . 
  the state department is mostly without senior staff . 
  there 's a difference between spending taxpayer money on campaigning and spending it on buying a yacht or whatever .
