  there were protests and demands that he not be given a platform from many , but the bbc went ahead . 
  he got absolutely demolished and made to look a complete fool by the rest of the panel . 
  the bnp now no longer exists in any meaningful fashion . 
  i mean , factually speaking , it is . 
  it 's an opinion which lacks a rational basis and does n't stand up to logic , but it 's still an opinion . 
  you ca n't just redefine words because it makes you feel better . 
  makes sense , there 's always at least some civil servants with enough of a grudge against the governing party to abuse their position , even before we get to those who are corrupt enough to do a journalist a favour in exchange for future favours from that journalist . 
  the new one might be better, 
  they 'd still factored it in to some degree . 
  essentially , the pound lost a smaller amount of value based on a perceived small chance of something that would call it to lose a larger amount of value . 
  it would in general benefit the pound relative to the euro , since the eurozone is more tied up with the eurozone than the uk is , but harm the pound relative to everything else since the uk is more tied up with the eurozone than most non-eu countries . 
  i 've got to say , it 's nice to see a range on these polls . 
  it 'd be nice if the standard was to report the polls as a range of the 95 % confidence, 
  plus we do n't get an independence day . 
  everyone else is choosing to conform . 
  well , as long as we do n't build the plant in lisbon harbour , we should be alright . 
  yeah , great rebuttal . 
  you ca n't oppress people who consent to your government . 
  the scottish gave their consent to uk government less than 3 years ago . 
  oh yeah , i can just see the scottish people 's militia linking arms and stopping a nuclear submarine ( hopefully this militia has scuba training ) . 
  you 're requiring a huge change in political mood in scotland here ( from a majority being fine with staying in the uk to a significant proportion of the population suddenly being prepared to jump in front of tanks on the orders of the snp ) what do you expect to precipitate this change ? 
  a tory government did n't do it , brexit has n't done it . 
  short of theresa may nuking glasgow , what momentous event do you think is going to cause this change ? 
  yes . 
  ukraine , for example , had one several months after it declared independence , estonia held one 3 years after their declaration of sovereignty was published , the intervening time being spent in pretty much open rebellion , latvia held theirs almost a year after the adoption of ` on the restoration of the independence of the republic of latvia ' by the supreme soviet , which again put them in an effective state of rebellion . 
  all passed by huge margins despite the ussr trying to use force to keep them in . 
  scotland meanwhile was offered a referendum freely by the uk , and voted against secession . 
  the key difference is that ussr members declared that they were having a referendum and dared the ussr to stop them , while scotland asked for one , was offered it , and lost . 
  scotland is n't throwing off an oppressor , it 's asking to leave a union . 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  you 're too lazy to follow basic rules of grammar or spelling , so a historical treatise is probably too much to ask . 
  certainly , any consideration of the vast difference in the circumstances between a collapsing ussr and the uk giving scotland a referendum seems beyond your mental faculties . 
  scotland is n't ever going to leave unilaterally though . 
  if they leave , they do so because the uk parliament has allowed them a referendum , as it did last time . 
  your points only have any weight if a ) scotland was to unilaterally declare independence without the consent of the uk parliament . 
  b ) the troops stationed in scotland ( or on those ships which make port there ) decide that they are loyal to the new scottish state , and are prepared to go to war with their current colleagues to prevent the royal army , royal navy and raf removing its assets from scotland . 
  so in that entirely fantastical situation , you 've got a point . 
  but since sturgeon ca n't even muster 50 % support for peaceful seccession by referendum , i somehow doubt that seceding by force of arms is feasible . 
  what 's with you shooting your mouth off about a topic upon which you clearly lack information , then getting defensive when people who have even a passing knowledge of the actual situation call you out on your ignorance ? 
  this is not a dissolution , it 's a secession . 
  the same procedure does n't apply . 
  the uk has these things . 
  scotland has n't got anything . 
  if scotland leaves the uk , then it has what it can negotiate for and no more . 
  we have think tanks , but the majority are in some way eu funded , so they tended not to try to plan for brexit . 
  legislation is authored by mps and lords . 
  we 're less reliant on the eu for trade , benefit less from collecting tariffs on goods entering the eu and are much bigger contributors to various non-monetary elements , especially the mutual defence agreement . 
  also , we 've gone from ` the most concessions by far ' to ` about as good as the netherlands gets ' in the course of about 5 comments, 
  no , i think the rate on your rebate is worked out differently . 
  you get a reduced call rate on vat reciepts and they 've increased the amount of customs duties retained by the country collecting them which massively advantages the netherlands . 
  you are also getting an annual lump sum rebate of 695 million euro over the 2014-2020 period . 
  what exactly ? 
  this problem ca n't really be avoided , and the government forbade civil servants from giving information to anyone in the leave camp while also refusing to prepare a plan . 
  the concessions being such stellar things as ` get a 2/3rds rebate on the amount you overpay ' or ` we did n't force you to join our doomed currency experiment ', 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  my acquaintances to whom i am genetically similar ( the word family discriminatory towards orphans ) and i love to gather around the party spruce and exchange various items . 
  we also pull small firework containing party tubes and eat a large generic party meal . 
  they 're fine , though it 's polymer , not polimer . 
  i 'd argue that fossil fuels are worse for animals than just breeding lots of a particular one to eat , since they potentially wipe out species . 
  i feel that you 're not showing enough ambition . 
  if we really try , we could make non-vegan petrol . 
  basically , we need jurassic park and a big crusher . 
  any idea why the article starts ` london ' ? 
  last i checked , there were very few cockneys on the migrant boats . 
  oil used to be dinosaurs . 
  not vegan . 
  actually , if you read a50 , the exit deal is decided by qmv . 
  we take our understanding of the word ` no ' from the phrase ` no bailout clause ' . 
  only in tartiflette . 
  or rather , the backbench business committee must consider debating it , and will refuse because there 's already been several debates . 
  the importance of somebody 's job is relevant . 
  if i say ` the uk is going to nuke france if you keep on like this ' , it 's meaningless because i 'm some randomer on the internet . 
  if theresa may says it , you start getting a bit nervous . 
  hardly the same as obama making threats though . 
  1 mep has almost no notional power and absolutely no actual power . 
  the president of the us has quite a lot . 
  well , the pro-eu people seem keen to argue that the ep is a proper democratic parliament where the people are represented in the eu when it suits them , but as soon as it is convenient , they forget that meps are elected representatives with authority to speak for their constituents . 
  their goal was never in the house of commons , or the european parliament . 
  it was in the referendum , which they forced and then won . 
  farage was and is elected to the ep . 
  odd that so many pro-eu people seem to forget that the eu parliament is supposed to be a representative body too . 
  it 's more sensible to complain about free movement than people we choose to let in . 
  except the genoese . 
  love me some fake grail . 
  well , all the anti eu parties whose leadership show up frequently are from countries not leaving the eu , so empirically , the best way to oppose membership is to do what farage did . 
  observed reality trumps ` obvious ' theory . 
  he 's achieved more of what his voters wanted than any other mep ever . 
  he lead a one issue party and won on that issue . 
  why would attendance matter more than results ? 
  the difference is that obama made threats on behalf of the usa as a whole , since he was their representative , whereas farage pretty much only speaks for himself . 
  he 's not a foreign leader , just a foreign person . 
  well , farage appeared as a private person to give his opinion , obama appeared as the president of the usa to threaten us with being at the back of the queue for a trade deal . 
  it 's the difference between merkel saying that refugees should come to germany and a random german saying it . 
  i 'm not saying that farage should be offering an opinion , but it demonstrably is n't the same . 
  23 years total to go from non-entity to the biggest uk party in the ep and 3rd biggest by vote share at the ge , the latter of which only really matters because doing so forced cameron into a referendum . 
  gone from nothing to 3rd biggest vote share at a ge , came 1st in the last eu election , forced the tories into a referendum leading to their primary goal as a party being achieved . 
  hardly ` very little ' . 
  just because you do n't like what they achieved , does n't make the achievement smaller . 
  i guess the european parliament really does n't matter . 
  only part of the country .
