  whoops , sorry . 
  well , if you took on scotland 's deficit , you 'd be ` hows-your-fathered ' right up the ` dirt road ' , and we 'd have to ` make capital available ' for a ` transfer of structural funds ' to stop you ending up in the ` night soil ' does that meet the eu quota for euphemisms ? 
  or rather , not all scottish people feel the snp represent them ( the snp got 1.45 m votes in the last general election , out of a total of 2.9 m votes cast ) . 
  it would follow that about half of the scottish electorate would n't really care if the snp gets told of for being twats in the chamber . 
  what if we declared the secession and occupation illegal ? 
  you would n't want to turn into eeevil russia would you ? 
  do n't do that , we 're still on the hook in the event of ireland needing a bailout , which it definitely would if it took on scotland 's deficit . 
  no , she 's the eu commission 's top representative to the uk . 
  she 's speaking on behalf of the commission , not the uk . 
  yep , quite a few : [ see ` post referendum polling ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence ) basically , leave was ahead for few weeks after the vote and cameron 's resignation . 
  then may came in , everyone calmed down a bit and we returned to the status quo . 
  they do n't actually know about the eu any more than the average bloke in a pub does . 
  what they know is that the government wants us to leave the eu , so they 're going to break parliamentary rules to get headlines , in the full knowledge that if the speaker ever does his job and kicks them out of the chamber , their supporters will just decry it as anti-scottish . 
  less than half of scots want out . 
  that 's probably the more important point . 
  edit : hooray for downvotes for posting something factually accurate . 
  for a sub so collectively worried about fake news , you do n't seem to like the true stuff any better . 
  they prevented a thing which would have become english law from becoming english law , when that thing would not have affected scotland . 
  play word games all day , but that 's interference and it 's a broken promise . 
  when you start trying to use semantics to explain why your party are n't hypocrites , it 's a good sign that they are . 
  i predict that any given year will be roughly the same as the year that preceeded it . 
  as far as short range modelling goes , it performs pretty well . 
  obviously it does n't deal well with major events like recessions etc. 
  but nor do any of the models people put more than 20 seconds of thought into , so i 'd submit that my model wins on the basis that something which does a bad job cheaply is better than something that does an equally bad job while costing far more . 
  they voted on an amendment that only affected england . 
  that 's voting on english only law . 
  if we put in a uk bill and tacked on an ammendment which introduced tuition fees for scotland , voting for that would be interference in scottish devolved law , just as much as this was an interference in english law . 
  ` economic modelling ' would be a good tag . 
  i 'm yet to find a modeller who has consistently outperformed my ` it 'll be about the same as last year ' system for modelling uk gdp growth . 
  that 's where most of the economists seem to be too . 
  the bcc moved on to the bargaining stage and put all their short term estimates back to where they started though . 
  persistently getting it wrong . 
  like they have so far . 
  basically , they 're upset that dispatchable power sources get subsidy when non-dispatchable sources do n't . 
  i 'd like to see them release evidence . 
  it 's important that any sort of claim like this against a presidential candidate be subject to very strong scrutiny . 
  it may well be true this time , but if the security services get the idea that they can influence elections by announcing what they ` believe ' , eventually some bright spark will have the idea of saying that any potential president who is n't planning to increase dgse funding is in bed with russia . 
  that 'd be bad news all round . 
  i can see how you have become confused here , it took me a close reading . 
  basically , the clause did 2 things : 1 ) change the english sunday opening hours 2 ) change the working rights for everyone . 
  as these are subsections of 1 clause , the speaker ruled that the clause is n't england only ( correctly ) then the snp voted for an amendment which deleted part 1 from the clause , leaving part 2 intact . 
  which meant that they voted on an amendment to the enter which was only affecting the english part of the legislation , breaking their own promise . 
  was it fixed ? 
  good to hear that the measure that has been in place 2 months has already produced clearly understood results . 
  cheers , i 'll have a look and see if i ca n't put that list together . 
  edit 1 : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jo-coxs-murder-50000-tweets-celebrating-neo-nazi-killer-thomas-mair-a7441081.html ( it was corrected a month later , but it made some massive and entirely false claims ), 
  what about independent.co.uk ? 
  you 're being downvoted , but you 're right . 
  it 's clickbaity bullshit , but it 's got a pro-eu left wing bias , so this sub will defend it to the hilt . 
  grauniad still has some decent articles . 
  independent.co.uk should be banned though ( i 'm going to keep referring to it by the web address , because i feel like it 's getting unfair leniency because of the way they share a name with a now defunct newspaper that was decent ), 
  gee , ca n't think which side of the political spectrum you might be on . 
  i agree . 
  we should increase the amount of spending per capita on devolved matters in england to the same level it is in scotland . 
  all we need do is find an extra # 86bn or so a year . 
  i 'll check my sofa , you have a look down the back of yours . 
  well , it 's not because you believe different things , it 's because you are assigned more money through the barnett formula and collect an amount of revenue which does n't justify that extra expenditure . 
  so pretty much all of the strawmanning that follows is n't terribly relevant , nor is your rebuttal of that strawman . 
  i 'm not using public spending to bash you with , i 'm using net drain . 
  as in , the amount scotland spends vs. the amount of revenue it collects . 
  which , per capita , is currently bigger than the same figure for england . 
  i like to think that someone was taking the piss and making a clockwork orange reference that nobody got . 
  scotland 's deficit is currently in the region of 9 % of gdp . 
  if they were to leave the uk , they 'd have a signficant starting national debt or a huge paucity of assets ( since they 'd either have to take on a share of the uk 's debt or risk the uk deciding that it is going to remove the uk 's assets from scotland , which is everything from ambulances to tax records . ), 
  you 'd be looking at big bailouts needed quickly . 
  not sure how keen the eu would be to take on that responsibility . 
  of course , if we 're going to be totally representative , we 'd need to go back to the original union , when england bailed out the scottish , and propogate the effects forward to figure out what that funding was worth , and take into account the cost of the oil exploration to the uk , as well as a billion other things . 
  the point that scotland is currently a bigger net drain on uk finances than its population warrants would remain true though . 
  yeah , but did they fully understand the consequences of the vote ? 
  what about the wishes of the 6.8 % ? 
  they could rename their ` independent ' country ` new greece ' . 
  it 'd fit with the massive deficit and puppet government . 
  so as far as i can tell you 're arguing that because the powers over taxation that you got are so new ( they 're kind of not , since scotland has had the ability to adjust taxes since 1999 , but we 'll pass that by , and we 'll also ignore that the newer version of the powers have actually been in place since april ) that all previous figures are n't relevant . 
  when will they become relevant ? 
  at what point would you consider the idea that scotland is being subsidised ? 
  the snp have historically claimed to abstain on legislation that does n't affect scotland and found excuses to vote on pretty much anything they feel like anyway . 
  the sunday trading bill did not affect scotland . 
  their justification for voting was that if it worked in england , companies in scotland might decide to treat sunday like a normal work day . 
  that sort of tenuous bullshit can be used to make everything a scottish issue , since hypothetical knock on effects can be invented for any law in any country that will eventually affect scotland . 
  if we allow that any bill that could theoretically end up having some knock on affect on another country should not be a devolved issue , i challenge you to find any issue that can be devolved . 
  you got a methodological complaint about gers or is it just wrong because you do n't like it ? 
  scotland 's deficit is 9.7 % of gdp , the uk 's as a whole is 4.9 % . 
  that means a greater portion of borrowing goes to fund scotland , which , given that repayments are n't down to individual nations , means the ruk is paying for that deficit . 
  care to explain how that is n't ruk subsidising scotland ? 
  do enlighten me, 
  ok , how about sunday trading . 
  they not only promised to vote on that , they actually did . 
  the ` scottish subsidy myth ' as you put it , is n't a myth . 
  scotland runs a bigger deficit per capita than ruk at the moment . 
  it 'd make a change from contradiction without substance . 
  the snp has voted on england only matters despite promises not to and has opposed the very limited attempts to get english votes for english laws , and sturgeon said she would ask the scottish parliament to block brexit before the courts decided they did n't have the power to do so . 
  [ no idea how i got the idea ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/26/nicola-sturgeon-new-scottish-referendum-brexit ), 
  the scottish government and the snp in particular has an attitude to the uk somewhere between that of a housecat and a 2 year old . 
  they veer between temper tantrums at not getting their own way and imperious demands for free stuff . 
  they demand that their mps be allowed to interfere in england only matters while simultaneously demanding that the uk parliament not be able to decide matters for the whole uk without their say-so . 
  well , if the uk stayed in the eu on the basis that the majority in scotland was for remain , then the 1.6 m scottish remain votes would be outweighing the 17.4 m total leave votes . 
  ca n't have singing in the chamber . 
  how many times would corbyn get ` sacked in the morning ' sung at him each week ? 
  well , 1.6 million of them were . 
  for some reason , the government is n't prepared to let that outweigh the 17.4 million leave votes .
