  well , we ca n't really make decisions on how the irish side of the border is run . 
  i imagine there 'd be some objections if we started dictating irish governmental policies . 
  to explain : if a man costs # 10 an hour , and can pack 10 boxes , while a man operating an automated packer costs # 50 per hour and packs 100 boxes , then the box packing will be done by one bloke operating a machine . 
  however , it you reduce the cost of labour so that a man costs # 4 an hour to pack 10 boxes , while a man and a machine cost # 44 to do 100 , then it becomes more economical to have the boxes packed by hand . 
  so your productivity drops massively , because what was taking 1 man hour now takes 10 , but profits go up , because what used to cost # 50 now costs # 40 . 
  if labour is cheap enough , low productivity becomes acceptable . 
  slave labour societies tended to have low productivity because man hours were very cheap , so there was little need to mechanise . 
  that 'd liven up the european parliament . 
  yeah , but harder to manage when you 're a bit drink-wobbly . 
  the uk have put everyone in a position where the eu has to make a decision . 
  what decision the eu makes now is up to them . 
  not too bad . 
  the polish government agreed , but the people they represented begged to differ at the subsequent election . 
  41.5 % youth unemployment and he 's blaming laziness . 
  makes sense . 
  they started off as a single unit , and the only time anyone tried to split up , the secessionists lost the ensuing war . 
  well , i dare like this . 
  situation as it stands is this : uk does n't want a hard border , and has no obligation make one . 
  ireland does n't want a hard border , and has no obligation to make one , unless the eu obliges it to . 
  therefore , the only ways there can ever have to be a hard border is if the eu obliges ireland to implement one , or one or both nations goes against their stated preference for no border for some other reason . 
  if we end up with a hard border , it 'll be because the eu demanded it . 
  until you pay council tax , vat , fuel duty , alcohol duty , insurance premium tax , car tax etc. 
  worth noting that the personal allowance starts to disappear # 123k ( reduced by # 1 for every # 2 earned over that figure ), 
  nothing , though of course there 's nothing stopping them cutting the funding anyway . 
  honestly , it 's almost always easier to deal with these things administratively than legislatively . 
  ` everybody has to pay ' is inherently way tougher to find loopholes in than ` everybody except x , y and z have to pay ', 
  sure , but he would n't be ` participating in the government that will deliver brexit ' . 
  he 'd be heckling it . 
  which he can do without having to stand for parliament . 
  realistically , may 's majority will be so large that 1 mp will be totally irrelevant . 
  yeah , that 's why he kept his very well paid job as a commodities trader instead of qutting to form a political party , spend 23 years campaigning while getting abuse from everyone from david cameron to the antifa loonies , work his party up from nothing to getting over 1/8th of the national vote in a ge , campaign for a referendum , campaign in that referendum and secure a leave vote . 
  he just takes the easy route through life . 
  to what end ? 
  do you think he 'd be allowed into government if he was an mp ? 
  well , given current polling , that does seem to be true . 
  short of a coup d'etat , i ca n't see how he 'd land a government job . 
  a handgun then . 
  not really , if the government pays itself a fee from the nhs , it can simply circulate that money back . 
  it 's all internal spreadsheet fiddling . 
  pretty much . 
  the idea is to make hiring uk workers more favourable , with a bigger impact on lower skilled jobs . 
  if you 're hiring a fruit picker on minimum wage # 2k is a huge extra cost for not hiring a brit . 
  if you 're hiring an investment banker on # 100k , it hardly matters . 
  not really . 
  the government owns them . 
  even if they make them pay this tax , they can just add the amount taken for it onto nhs funding if they want . 
  they have agreements with third countries who they pay to host migrants . 
  the idea is that they can process the applications and if they are refused , the migrants have little incentive to stick around in the poorer country . 
  i 'd note that those men were arrested and given life sentences in prison by the uk as a result . 
  that 's not the hallmark of an action sanctioned by the uk . 
  how do you do it then ? 
  what if their boat mysteriously starts to sink when your ship tries to tow them ? 
  let them drown ? 
  no , i was a bit young then . 
  the issue there being that we 'd end up with free movement into the uk , eu law having precedence and financial contributions . 
  which would kind of make the whole thing a waste of effort . 
  not really . 
  the actions of the british army in ni are n't particularly relevant to there being border checkpoints . 
  they were already there , so a border checkpoint would n't have stopped them coming in . 
  i was explaining why the border affected non-ira members , and it was useful to refer to the reasoning behind feigning non-combatant status being a war crime , since they are basically the same ( if you dress your combatants up as non-combatants , the only reasonable response is to suspect everyone , which endangers non-combatants ), 
  not really . 
  if ireland becomes point of supply for terrorism in the uk again , i 'd advocate going back to a hard border . 
  i was assuming , as i have no evidence to the contrary , that ireland intended to act like a civilised country . 
  i mean , if you 're going to moan about the military checkpoints , it 's worth remembering why they were there . 
  it 's not like funding and arms for the ira were being smuggled in from chiswick and the army randomly decided to pick on the irish border instead . 
  between ` communications ' funding , visitors centres and [ borderline racist adverts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yokyvp0y3dw ) , there 's easily half a billion a year going just on promoting the eu to the people paying to have it promoted to them . 
  within that is the 25ish million that goes to political groups in the ep . 
  you 're confusing the ability to enter a country with the right to work there . 
  for example , we have an agreement with the usa for visa free travel . 
  so if i want to go on holiday to florida , i can , no visa needed . 
  however , if i wanted to get a job there , i 'd have to apply and they 'd have to agree that my living and working in america was in the interests of america . 
  the hard border was to stop terrorists . 
  however , the ira hit upon the ingenious ( see ` war crime ' ) idea of fighting without uniforms , so it was n't really that easy to spot them . 
  so the checkpoints had to search everyone , lacking the easy differentiation between civilians and combatants that uniforms provide ( which , incidentally , is why it was made a war crime under article 37c of the geneva convention to feign non-combatant status ), 
  it could start by cutting its propaganda budget entirely , and then work down to deciding which political parties to fund , if any . 
  i for one would support moves to get rid of all the funding received by eu political groups and severely cut back meps wages and expenses . 
  i 'm not , i 'm trying to state that the eu commission needs to be more careful over which lunatics it decides to shower with taxpayer 's cash . 
  i 'll edit my post to make it clearer that the eu did n't directly commission this particular propaganda piece if you like . 
   it 's not funded by the eu commission  the french organisation that made it receives funds from the commission . 
  i do n't really see what your point is here . 
  that 's how funding something works , you give money to organisations , and then they spend it . 
  that 's like me saying that my research is n't funded by the company sponsoring my phd because they give the money to my supervisor , and my supervisor spends it . 
  the common travel area has allowed free travel since the end of ww2 , with the exception of some periods when it was necessary to inspect incoming vehicles for known terrorists or the smuggling of weapons . 
  if we end up with customs checks again , fair enough . 
  if the eu demands a passport controlled border , we should fight it . 
  so takehome messages : - eastern europeans are evil , western europeans are all lovely people , as are all the migrants . 
  - [ when border forces ask economic migrants to turn back , they politely agree and leave ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sepm4awepm ) - frontex totally blocks all the economic migrants , as long as they are dumb enough to declare themselves as such ( though i suspect that the bloke who says ` come with me ' to the economic migrant owns a boat and is headed for greece ) - this bullshit is from an organisation funded by the eu commission with no senior members from any eastern european country ( presumably because they could n't find anyone who was n't a fist waving xenophobe ), 
  well , as long as we leave before 2013 , they should be fine . 
  the problem is that you 'd have to be willing to open fire on boats packed with migrants . 
  otherwise they can just go right past you . 
  i 'd note that there was n't a hard border in ni before the eu got involved , and the only reason there will be now is if the eu demands it . 
  so really , the role the eu needs to play in this consists mainly of getting out of the way and letting the countries involved figure out a deal rather than trying to use the irish border as a point of leverage . 
  this is an area where i think may absolutely should use security co-operation as leverage if necessary . 
  any attempt by the eu to block a mutually agreeable settlement between the uk and ireland will almost certainly lead to violence in ni . 
  eu : ireland , what is your gdp ? 
  ireland : well , it 's a sort of measure of all the things that all the people have produced . 
  there 's your bankers , your builders , your man selling fruit and veg down the market ... eu : ok , ok . 
  what was it this quarter though ? 
  ireland : well , about a quarter of what it was for the year , give or take . 
  eu : right , so what was it for the year ?
