  the president bit is a minor change , not much more democratic than the present system , while shrinking the commission wo n't actually change much beyond upsetting those members who do n't get a commissioner . 
  the single seat bit ignores the fact that everyone agrees with it already and has done for decades . 
  it 's where that seat should be that nobody can agree, 
  yeah it is . 
  this is n't satire , this is an attempt to be ` edgy ' by mocking the victims of a natural disaster . 
  of what ? 
  you 're one of the pro-eu people who believe the commission has inexplicably collected the only intelligent people in europe and thus is uniquely qualified to govern . 
  i 'm amazed , by the way , that you 're on here rather than protesting the abolition of elections in croatia . 
  i mean , there 's no date set for the one after the september one , so it 'll probably never happen right ? 
  so basically , you interpret any date beyond ` we already did it ' as ` it will never happen ' . 
  not sure if you can read . 
  if you can read this , do n't post the same irrelevant reply again . 
  i imagine we 'll trigger in mid to late 2017 . 
  depends on how quickly the deutschebank collapse progresses . 
  no , the 2 year limit is in the treaty as devised with the aim ( according to the author ) of discouraging anyone from trying to leave . 
  the uk government is working around that deliberately obstructive arrangement . 
  we 'll trigger as and when it suits us , and not a moment sooner , as is our right per the lisbon treaty . 
  a50 is a measure designed to make leaving difficult . 
  why should we put an arbitrary time limit on our negotiations ? 
  certainly , it makes no sense to trigger it while hollande is president . 
  why waste any part of our limited time talking to a has-been whose successor will almost certainly not honour any position he takes ? 
  any idea if there 's data on emigration vs job creation ? 
  we did . 
  everyone got mad . 
  they 'll probably just start fucking with eu businesses in the usa . 
  it 's a big export market . 
  basically , they do n't like that the sales of goods designed in the usa are being taxed in the eu , not the usa . 
  ( companies like apple claim that the design contributes a lot of the value , so their profits get shifted to the country of design ( usa ) not the country of manufacture or sale ) . 
  great idea . 
  i imagine any eu companies with us operations will suddenly find themselves in hot water though . 
  the leaked polls reported before the second referendum gave much higher ` did n't understand ' results than the official published figures did later . 
  a great move because the polling agency ca n't be blamed for figures that it did n't officially release being wrong . 
  minor changes , possibly change the title , leak fake polling data suggesting opposition is based on ignorance , throw loads of money into campaigning for it , revote . 
  worked for lisbon . 
  mostly , she was a child , since she only turned 18 in 1944 , at which point she drove trucks for the waacs , about the most active service available to a woman without espionage training the king at the time had fought in ww1 aboard hms collingwood , during which time he was a turret gunner during the battle of jutland . 
  during ww2 he and his wife stayed in buckingham palace despite it being bombed ( his wife famously declared that she was glad to have been bombed , since it allowed her to look the people of the east end in the eye ) . 
  they also took part in rationing , which pissed off a visiting eleanor roosevelt . 
  his brother , the duke of kent , was killed on active service on what appeared to be a covert mission to sweden ( plane crash ), 
  he 'd probably have changed some minor details and had them vote again . 
  i do n't think i 'm what most rapists are looking for . 
  i think maybe the netherlands or somewhere scandinavian . 
  though they 'd need to stop treating salted liquorice like a sweet , rather than a hate crime against tastebud-owners . 
  that said , the uk has done me very nicely . 
  since the alternatives turned out to be an incompetent and a racist . 
  [ he saved the world ] ( https://youtu.be/7ipaiyluyw0 ) also , he created his own , hilariously named economic phenomenon , the brown bottom , by selling off huge amounts of gold at the lowest point the gold markets have been at since 1980 . 
  he 'd do better than owen smith . 
  huh , taken during the final 6 round of the ` find the flag ' competition i see . 
  well , not quite . 
  you 're more about 66 % more likely to die in a car accident in france than sweden ( 5.8 vs 3.5 deaths per billion vehicle-km ) . 
  if you 're travelling for safety , go to the uk or sweden , low vehicle death rates and not much terrorism . 
  also stockholm is lovely . 
  well , if granada won a bronze and the usa won every other medal in every other event ( literally impossible due to qualification rules ) , then grenada would get 3x as many medals per capita . 
  grenada winning automatically beats any country with a population over 92 million ( though that 's just the total medals based figure , the actual number is much lower since you can only win 1 medal in any sailing event or team sport amongst others ), 
  no , because each event limits the entries per noc . 
  so if there 's 2 us sailors who can medal on a particular boat class , they get 1 medal , but if france has one and gb has one , then lumped together they get 2 medals, 
  not irrelevant . 
  look at women 's field hockey . 
  gb 1st , netherlands 2nd , germany 3rd . 
  if the usa had all of the best 1000 women 's hockey players in the world , they 'd have come away with 1 medal , and ` europe ' would have 2 . 
  yeah , but that means you need to be able to enter 3x as many athletes and teams in any given event as the usa did . 
  hardly a fair comparison, 
  depends on the sport . 
  there are certainly winners in team gb nobody expected , and a couple of big names who disappointed . 
  or nukes have lead to peace . 
  because for a huge amount of the time since 1945 , half of europe has been in a nuclear mexican standoff with the other half . 
  that ignores the contribution of a lot of dedicated support staff , sports scientists , researchers and inventors though . 
  the uk is n't just good at cycling because cycling ability is imparted by tea . 
  it 's because we put lottery money in and had a big team work hard to make our athletes as good as they could be . 
  there 's an argument that the country statistics , if nothing else , demonstrate the quality of the sports program in the country . 
  hell , look at team gb since 1994 . 
  the lottery funding has clearly paid of massively in terms of medals . 
  even then , it 's not close to fair , given that , for example , ` team eu ' came 1st , 2nd and 3rd in women 's field hockey , but china and the usa were only allowed to enter 1 team each . 
  `` the eu president '' please , the eu has dozens of presidents , and none of them answer to the people . 
  they 'd lose a minimum of 75 medals by my count ( as in , 75 of the rio medals won by eu countries could n't have been won by an eu team , even if their selection was perfect and all the people who gave surprising performances to win medals had somehow qualified top , while all the top qualifiers who disappointed at the games had n't qualified ), 
  well , i assumed an invariant extra competitor for ease of maths , but even if the opposition was variable , extra people on your team would still improve your chances . 
  as to the 1/3rd qualification , again , 1 is easiest to do the maths with , but pretty much every event has a limit on the number of competitors per noc . 
  the usa probably could field a similar number of similar quality atheletes as the combined eu does , if they were allowed , but where the eu currently gets to send 2 or 3 atheletes to an event per member state , the usa gets the same amount for the whole lot . 
  if the eu were to compete as a state , it 'd hit the same cap of around 600 athletes if it got every spot it could in every event . 
  hence fewer competitors , and a smaller chance at medals . 
  yeah , but you 'd have less of them there . 
  imagine 2 races . 
  in race 1 , you enter 3 people , a , b and c all have a + or-10 % variance in performance at random . 
  a 's median is 9.5 sec , b 's is 10 , c 's is 10.5 the 4th competitor is from a non-eu country and always gets 9.51 seconds so , to use dnd terms , a needs to roll at least a 10 , b needs to roll a 15 and c a 20 ( on a d20 ) so a has a about a 50 % chance beating them , b about 25 % and c about 5 % , giving a total probability of at least one win of around 64 % . 
  now , if you were only allowed to enter 1 of the 3 , ignoring the chance that b or c won the qualifier because a had a bad day , you 'd still only have a 50 % chance of a win in a straight race between a and the 9.51 runner . 
  so assuming that we 're not in a position where the other nation 's best performers are so far ahead of all but a couple of ours that they have literally no chance , no matter how bad the other person does or how unusually well our athletes do , sending more always returns a higher chance of medals, 
  meh , i 'm a chemist by training , and the students i demonstrate for never seem to think so , but thanks . 
  well , that would assume that the qualifiers perfectly selected every medal winner and that no surprise medals would be lost from the 3000 or so fewer athletes they 'd be allowed to take, 
  partly that , partly because the uk was never really subsumed by anything else in its recent history . 
  most of the continent has been under french , german or russian foreign rule at some point in the last 200 or so years . 
  almost all of it got either fascism or the ussr . 
  the uk , meanwhile , did n't get any of that . 
  it 's not surprising that we do n't really see the problem with a nation state , nor feel ourselves part of a single europe , when our greatest achievements in the past 2 centuries have been stopping attempts at a single european state . 
  add to that the fact that we 're about the least eu focused eu nation in terms of trade and our strong cultural ties with the commonwealth , usa and especially the anglosphere countries and it 's not surprising we do n't really feel the connection to the eu that other countries might . 
  as such , we do n't tend to ascribe an inherent value to the eu . 
  it 's a question of what we get and what we have to give , not a moral imperative . 
  we want a functional trade organisation , but much of the rest of europe seems to see this as a glorious march towards some shining utopian european state . 
  i think we 've reached the critical divergence of those two models . 
  the fact that the eu 's idea of a good deal is to let us opt out of stuff should n't fill you with confidence about the eu 's stuff . 
  also , the rebate returns a fixed proportion of our net contributions over the previous year . 
  so it 's a worse deal than any net beneficiary gets , and mostly just reflects the fact that the eu does relatively little for the uk and so has to return a bunch of money to keep the uk 's losses from being absurd .
