i can clearly see turkey-syria border, 
  it is nissan not nisan, 
  i hope you realize these ancient theaters were built by the ancient romans , mycenaean , sicilians , ionians , spartans , macedonians , hellens , byzantinians etc that lived there , not greeks it is an important point . . i am not belittling greeks , italians , french , spanish etc in anyway , they have their own accomplishments , in more recent years , all i am saying is credit should go to the ancient people that lived there at those times . 
  tl ; dr take it or leave it im european . 
  do you have a problem with that ? 
  it is your concern not mine.have a good day !, 
  are you the judge to decide who is european who is not ? 
  what makes you european makes me european, 
  turkish, 
  europe in asia . 
  % 100 made ( designed ) in turkey, 
  no thanks, 
  bcuz i know you cant say the truth . 
  you cant answer my question, 
  answer my question and i will send source , pics and im gon na lock your mouth, 
  what do you think people carry isis flag and isis leader posters in germany streets and yelling suicide bombers name saying that '' our heros never die '' ? 
  germany goverment would allow that demonstration ? 
  if you say yes i will not say anything, 
  is pkk opposition ? 
  pkk member can make a demonstration in germany and allowing them called democracy ? 
  i think its revenge of turkish imams in germany who atrested or accusing being spy, 
  remember 93 ... 
  good for you . 
  pay greece debts . 
  with your money greece will buy new weapons . 
  greece will say `` turkey will attack us we need defend our lands '' due to we need buy weapons with your money . 
  and that debts never ends . 
  this situation is artifical . 
  they need to transfer money to military weapons etc. 
  good job bangladesh, 
  but the armenian expulsion issue was n't a genocide , it was an expulsion . 
  it is n't recognized as a genocide , while what happened to the chimeria is a genocide and is recognized as such, 
  i didnt know greece economy is awesome . 
  28 country try to save just greece . 
  why eu citizen need to pay greece citizen debts ? 
  you are so funny . 
  greece cant stand to turkey without at least 5 european countries, 
  your genocide is bad my genocide is good.so pathetic, 
  in middle anatolia we use `` culuk '' for turkey . 
  culuk , culluk , culuh = hindi for turkish, 
  like terrorist supporting yea . 
  in europe which party goes suicide bomber funerals?which party members carry weapons in car to terrorist ? 
  she is acting like a hdp mp, 
  i like to watch it everyday . 
  it was some kind of biology class for me, 
  mamaia is good but blacksea for swimming ehh, 
  i used to watch everyday before go to school . 
  its my favorite, 
  ar\u0131 maya  very popular in turkiye . 
  it is same language.we say shortly `` te\u015fekk\u00fcrler '' or `` sa\u011fol '', 
  for turkiye : money 1 . ak\u00e7e ( turkish ) : silver coin 2 . mang\u0131r ( mongol ) : copper coin 3 . sikke ( arabic ) : gold , copper , silver coin 4 . 
  nakit ( arabic ) : banknote or coin 5 . 
  para ( persian ) : coin or banknote 6 . ka\u011f\u0131t : banknote 7 . 
  papel ( spanish-slang ) : banknote, 
  you are pathetic terrorist supporter . 
  you are % 100 percent right, 
  could be nsfw http://im.haberturk.com/2017/01/17/ver1484603396/1354017_93b217dae19940b5fea064e1027f933e.jpg, 
  fleet leasing , car rental and taxies.fiat is very cheap, 
  you are just troll . 
  you are not turk / turkish / turkic . 
  you are greeek.you dont need to shame on your country . 
  being greek is not bad thing, 
  no it is dobruca  ), 
  ethnic cleaning you meant `` khojaly massacre '' in 1992 i guess.armenians killed 600 unarmed azerbaycan turks . 
  how biased https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khojaly_massacre, 
  i think it is kopenhag, 
  they are not activist . 
  they are terrorist . 
  founder of pkk . 
  nice point of wiev funny europeans, 
  fuck their courage . 
  fuck that ideology . 
  fuck all terrorist supporter and sympathizers . 
  and last one fuck you, 
  til world first spy was a turk . 
  imam ... imam bond . 
  yes im agent 007 !, 
  yes we have some culturel difficulties e.g learning language.most of circassian youngs cant talk motherlanguages . 
  its big thing for our community in here . 
  you can change your turkish name , surname even your village name to circassian . i dont meant it is perfect but it is not bad that living here . 
  i think its gon na be better than that . 
  everyone loves circassian in here.we are proud of to be circassian and we love t\u00fcrkiye . 
  com here and be my guest  i also have a raletives in nal\u00e7ik . 
  i wan na see there someday with my father, 
  im kabardian from kayseri/turkiye . 
  i dont agree with you . 
  we are already using circassian name of villages/names/surnames . 
  it is not banned . 
  also we have large community every big cities . 
  most of circassian who lives in turkiye adopted turkish culture, 
  children s bayram , 
  croat  kravat  necktie, 
  i have been in tanzania , kenya , tunis , egypt , maldives , djubouti , s.arabia , oman , u.a.e , bahrain and qatar, 
  watching tv, 
  reddit , forums , news channels, 
  kayseri would be nice.the middle of turkey . 
  im gon na say close ones . 
  greece , italy , spain and balkan countries, 
  non-eu : somalia , canada , east turkestan eu : finland , luxemburg, 
  yes .
