pretty shit too be honest and this is pretty cringeworthy, 
  lucky estonian , maybe after a bit of economic stagnation and mass immigration your people may have a similar revolt . 
   the left did not agree with the guest worker programs the left definately had a hand in that especially here in the uk . 
  you have to remember this new transatlantic ` movement ' seems to take from both sides , a rejection of globalist capitalism but also social liberalism , the politicians the deliver this are usually slightly more on the right just because left wing parties are too principled for anything other than left wing social policies most of the time , but the new right is a rejection of the right wing establishment just as much as the left . 
  what is your deepest secret ? 
  we are idiots, 
  yet most of us cant speak a word of anything other than english . . 
  we are just scum people lol, 
  there is a good chance that less immigrants in general , from in or out europe would mean less anti immigration sentiment , at least 2 % less which is all you need . 
  oh stop your whining . 
  gmt it is !, 
  we did settle in ireland at one point correct, 
  or just get irish citizenship ... 
  laughed then i realized that 's not a joke , because germans are n't capable of making them . 
  well you are german you do n't have proper emotions or care about anything . 
  hey man what do you think of my username you like it huh ? 
  huh buddy ? 
  huh uhh, 
  a lot cheaper than london, 
  take us remainers !, 
  i would n't be suprised is germany does try and encourage highly educated young brits to move to be honest . 
  also finally my username is relevant, 
  i do think people should n't be housed in expensive areas if you can house them somewhere else cheaper . 
  i am just an intelligent brit that knows our country is quite a shit country . 
  i do n't want to click shitty links cmon op give us some tl ; dr or something . 
  no way should england be at 8 source : englishman, 
  i upvoted it i thought it was a great comment man let the haters hate . 
  / r/europe didnt like that lol, 
  what about women that want an authentic viking experience ? 
  yes its not really that similar to anywhere else . 
  yah i know about that . 
  but if you properly blow the shit out of it to powder then burn the powder , then piss in the ashes then stomp on them . 
  ancient greece will not be forgotten if you blow up the parthenon . 
  i thought is was [ this ] ( http://i3.walesonline.co.uk/incoming/article1777792.ece/binary/hitler-817774808.jpg ), 
  i do n't want a mountain i just want to get drunk, 
  wales is n't known by many people and just kind of agrees with everything her friend england does . 
  tired of your racism, 
  it posts in r/uk i thinks it 's a brit . 
  good enough for ur ancestors m8, 
  op is pathetic , but i do n't see british redditors talking shit about eastern euros very often . 
  good point senor, 
  torygraph delusional as always . 
  wtf was that ? 
  reminds me of when ragnar returns, 
  x. 5/x .5 = 1, 
  the stuff always falls apart, 
  its pretty big here , about 10x bigger than st georges day anyway . 
  not just for people of irish heritage , lots of people going to go out wearing green and get drunk, 
  they could call one but they would probaly lose as support for seccesion isnt that high as of now, 
  why is wales doing so poorly ? 
  oh right you interpreted anglo-american as brits included . 
  i just means white americans by that who are of wasp descent , i was considering brits as a part of northern european in my post . 
  you deny that americans do n't do well ? 
  by anglo americam i meant just white americans who speak english , not men from england, 
  i was just talking about greece never been to spain, 
  if you are a attractive northern european guy , there are a lot of girls there really into your look , but you are going to need to be a bit more aggressive with them because they are used to more traditional gender roles in dating . 
  wasp-american type guys always do really well because they are both confident but still unique . 
  source : 1/2 greek decent edit : im not reffering to englishmen and americans , just white americans who speak english, 
  probably a bunch of them with their ears pressed to the doors trying to listen in after getting rejected by security, 
  sounds more like folk rock, 
  in addition to to inventing the genre itself we also invented or at least heavily influenced the sub genres of folk/black metal ; genres the scandinavians are known for . 
  kind of invented folk metal ; skyclad and black metal ; venom . 
  very disappointing that the scandinavians progressed the genres but we fell of the face of the metal earth . 
  this is just a load of bollock, 
  if everyone posted their own merry christmas than there would be thousands ... maybe we can get one sticky thread ? 
  why do you have that username if you are unaware ? 
  dont be a cookie cutter miscbrah , kpissoutbye, 
  can do without the british, 
  thank god the conservatives are finally taking the initiative to protect our children !, 
  i heard on radio 4 there is a dark net of disgusting images and all sort of scary things !, 
  would n't as a mother would n't want dd and ds seeing that !, 
  i for one want my children protected !, 
  a lot of scots that went over where anglo saxon decent from nearer to the borders however , a lot where also northern english, 
   there are actually more german and irish descendants than english descendants . 
  this is based entirely on self reported studies , a large percentage of white americans just consider themselves americans without a prefix because their english ancestors would have come so long ago , english americans are undoubtably the largest ethnic group, 
  is this a high quality source ? 
  makes 1/4 of the countries in the country, 
  and 1/4 of our country still does n't even have gay marriage !, 
  at least we are beating germany, 
  very helpfull thanks spune tu , vant ingethat pe unday i fost pey unday umblat !, 
  what is the difference between their roles ? 
  why does klaus get replaced ? 
  i thought this was n't a presidential election ? 
  he was speaking buisness wise but politically and economically its true http://www.lrb.co.uk/v38/n24/tom-crewe/the-strange-death-of-municipal-england, 
   with one gigantic mega-global city far ahead of the rest of the uk . 
  stockholm/berlin looks and feels a lot nicer than london . 
  i suppose this takes the ease of doing business into account though . 
  maybe stockholm is a bit boring too . 
  there is still a rasta in regular clothes guiding at the front though . 
  furthermore the appeal of a royal like harry is that he is relatable and seemingly not above the rest of us , having the rasta drive would n't affect his image negatively at all . 
  really feels like we are looking too much into this , reminds of the over analysing in english lessons at school . 
  a little , but it eliminates all the issues with no negative effect on our current level of freedom and prosperity . 
  is n't turkey tough enough with them ? 
  i was expecting to read about a revolutionary new vision for the left to win back the hearts and minds of voters , swaying them from populism , instead after stating that europe needs an alternative vision he promotes the same old model people have been rejecting all along . 
  neoliberal centrism is n't going to cut it any more guy , the left/centre needs to try and ride the populist tiger and tame it , rather than try and fight it , which will just enrage it more . 
  there is going to need to be some compromise on the left , drop any identity politics , ensure globalism works for everyone , and acknowledge that if europe wants to be open to freedom of movement within , its going to have to be closed of to the rest of the world . 
  an idiot pretending to be a genius pretending to be an idiot, 
  being estonian would be very well recieved here , and you wont hear that kind of thing on a uni campus at all, 
  give us time , we 'll get there, 
  her name ... . bothina,
