  he and his friend were surfskiing one day on the river when suddenly while going round a bend jim , who was the skier , lost control and went flying into the bush surrounding the river . 
  his friend turned the boat around to check if jim was alright only to find him hugging a tree a bit above a meter from the ground . 
  his friend thought this was strange until he noticed that * there was a branch coming out of his back * . 
  jim had gone flying into the tree when he lost control and had impaled himself through the stomach on a branch . 
  luckily his friend had the sense to tell jim not to move and he managed to get emergency crews there in time to save him but jim 's still got a mighty big scar there to prove it . 
  adjoining rooms do n't count sorry , you cant pass through any doors open or closed . 
  [ why ? 
  just why !? 
  nice crowd ... 
  brent reilly over players like gibson and lake ? 
  really ? 
  really do n't understand how boyd did n't make the team , or lake for that matter . 
  bit of hate on the doggies here . 
  carrick hill estate is a brilliant place to go and easily accessible . 
  its just off fullarton road and has beautiful gardens and scenery ( it also has a hobbit house if you can find it ! ), 
  i saw this back when gold coast and melbourne had n't won a game this season and it was only really relevant back then . . 
  national geographic photographer, 
  i understand reposts in this subreddit for people who have n't seen the joke before , but seriously come on this was posted no more than a week ago, 
  nothing wrong with reposts but there 's still got to be a reasonable amount of time between the repost and the original post, 
  oh sorry , will do now, 
  also australia, 
  next wednesday night , conditions are perfect ... 
  does anyone else think he looks like clay from sons of anarchy ? 
  or should i trade out tevez instead ? 
  ( i have a forward line of podolski , tevez and torres ), 
  same here, 
  do n't tell anybody . . 
  probably a good idea bolstering the defence , i just couldnt go past mata at 8.9 and i still wanted hazard in the team . 
  who do you think is the better option , hazard or mata at 8.9 ? 
  if you want an ultraportable laptop i 'd go with the 13 in . 
  samsung series 9 . 
  its only got a core i5 ( 3rd gen ) processor but it makes up for it with its great screen ( 1600 x 900 resolution , matte ) and awesome looks/portability . 
  it can handle any basic gaming and has one of the nicest touchpads i 've ever used on a windows pc and a backlit keyboard . 
  has a 128 gb ssd and a ridiculous startup time of 13 secs . 
  its ridiculously light and thin ( thinnest 13 in . 
  laptop available ) . 
  you should be able to get it for less than $ 1100 if you shop around . 
  class of 2003 with lebron , wade , carmelo and bosh was better and then 1996 and neither even compare to the class of 1984 with jordan , barkley , olajuwon and stockton, 
  14.7 ppg 11.1 rpg 1.6 bpg 1.9 apg is my guess . 
  carmelo  allen, 
  that still leaves allen iverson and stephon marbury but i still believe that 2003 class was better as it had many decent if not superstar players ( david west , josh howard , mo williams , chris kaman , kirk hinrich ) which the 1996 class did n't, 
  if you want an ultraportable laptop i 'd go with the 13 in . 
  samsung series 9 . 
  its got a core i5 ( 3rd gen ) processor , 4 gb ram and the high res matte screen you were looking for ( 1600 x 900 with 400 nit . 
  brightness which makes it very nice to use outside ) . 
  its ridiculously light weight and is supposedly the thinnest 13 . in laptop available ( 1.16 cm ) . 
  it looks awesome and has possiby the best touchpad available on a windows laptop although , despite it being backlit , the keyboard isnt quite as good because of the shallow travel but is still certainly usable . 
  you should be able to get one for ~ $ 1200 and i would personally recommend getting one if this is the type of laptop you are looking as i have owned one for a while now and it has been amazing !, 
  if for some reason you do n't like the series 9 another one to check out is the asus ux31a which is also supposed to be a great laptop . 
  right click  porperties  compatability  run this program in combatibility mode for : ( choose windows xp ), 
  hope you enjoy the game , its one of my all time favourites , 
  relaxing in the afternoon sun , sipping on wine while reclining on a deck chair on the balcony of a villa that i would own in tuscany overlooking the sea on one side and vineyards on the other . 
  having used both the series 9 and macbook air extensively i personally prefer the series 9 but in the end i guess it depends on which os you want to use more, 
  when i went there the weather was extremely misty ( like the photo ) the whole time but even then i could tell it was an immensely beautiful place . 
  just wanted to say brilliant work here . 
  after spending hundreds of hours of playing this game i never thought of this but it does make a lot of sense  very plausible theory . 
  during your captivity , did you ever get cravings for anything ? 
  being able to watch a game of football or eating hot chips ), 
  birthday suit, 
  why all the hate for this guy , he has a valid point . 
  the whole point of gws is to get more footy supporters in sydney and with a guernsey that ugly ( come on seriously people defending it , orange and grey look bloody terrible together ) i do n't see them succeeding, 
  ok ok sorry maybe i was a bit harsh , but if you 're wanting the giants to get any fans in sydney theyre going to need a likable guernsey and for the general population a guernsey which consists of grey and orange with some big white italicized g on the front is not likable . 
  also this isnt some fashion contest , who cares if they 're `` youthful '' or `` modern '' the aim is to make likable guernseys that people can get attached to and the giants have n't accomplished that . 
  theo , have my firstborn son, 
  it 's too hard to tell at the beginning of the season . 
  who knows , the lakers might not gel or lebron might get injured and then the whole title race blows wide open . 
  there are lots of other good teams out there ( celtics with a revamped roster , thunder even with out the beard , bulls when derrick gets back , spurs if they 're not too old , clippers with blake and cp3 and the nuggets with several payers who could break out this season ) who have a fair shot at making the finals as well , so although the heat and lakers might be favorites but nothings certain . 
  raja bell a lock down sg ? 
  is n't he 36 or something ? 
  this would leave a very weak spot for the thunder at the sg and millsap would just be a luxury with ibaka already the starting pf . 
  considering the roster i 'd take martin and lamb other millsap and bell any day of the week, 
  oh from the jazz 's point of view this would have been a great deal and would have resulted in a very nice starting lineup , but realistically the thunder would have never accepted it . 
  the warrior 's jerseys of the early 90 's with the same blue and gold as the current jersey but a better design . 
  swap out jenkinson as he wo n't be getting minutes now that sagna is back, 
  personally i reckon you want to get rid of pog somehow as well , even if it takes a few weeks to get the money for a forward like lambert who is cheap but still a consistent scorer . 
  also maybe go for pienaar to fellaini considering felllaini 's recent form and only being 0.4 m more, 
  sounds good to me , especially with berb 's current form and stokes upcoming fixtures . 
  will he be getting enough minutes at chelsea to warrant his price tag ? 
  west ham have a horror run coming up so i probably wo n't be getting any of their defenders at the moment . 
  mcauley is looking the most likely as i also am not too sure about the reading defence although trading clyne to gorkss is tempting, 
  maybe i 'll have to get him then , it fits perfectly if i was to trade clarke out for him as well which is nice , the only problem is that i would then i would have three players from the same team but seeing as the other two are midfielders it should be fine . 
  fair point , would you suggest mcauley instead ? 
  i 'd love to go for baines but dont know who to get rid of for him as i dont wont to downgrade any of my midfield/fowards and dont have the money to upgrade clarke , hughes or clyne to him , and shawcross has amazing fixtures coming up . 
  yeah , the big mert has been getting pretty good minutes lately and arsenals defence is half decent so he could be good , if he doesnt work out i can always swap him out for mcauley, 
  if i was to do that who out of my forwards/midfield would i bench ? 
  not a bad idea , i reckon ill keep giroud for a bit as he scored a double this week but if his form drops i reckon i 'll go ahead and do this, 
  no thanks . 
  when sagna was playing at left back last season he was absolutely awful . 
  fellaini against reading has got to be tempting considering both he and reading 's form of late, 
  i 'd personally upgrade the defence , bring in maybe mcauley or rafael . 
  also as mentioned by drugba swap out cech for a cheaper keeper then upgrade one of your midfielders/forwards in the following weeks, 
  44 points , top of fantasypl classic league , 
  do you think jagielka  mertesacker and giroud  tevez would be a good trade ? 
  also an option , i reckon i 'll leave the chelsea pair for one more game to see how they work under rafa but if they do n't perform i reckon i 'll do exactly as you said and swap probably mata down to a cheaper midfielder and upgrade lambert . 
  perhaps , but love has never been able to translate those stats into wins and until he can i do n't think you can even compare him to dwight . 
  i personally do n't see why they do n't stick with the current colour scheme , i reckon the hornets have one of the best jerseys in the nba at the moment, 
  ok calm down, 
  sounds great , age of kings and gameranger are my preferences but i 'm not fussed if other people want different . 
  for me i would put schweinsteiger over ozil but then i havent seen much of real lately . 
  i might be a bit biased but vidosic has been pretty amazing lately aswell,
