  no it was n't . 
  they had 8 years beforehand to do it and they failed miserably so why is it suddenly more likely they 'd do it in the next 8 ? 
  you should head on over to / r/stkilda fellow sainter , it 's been a bit slow lately but we could always use new subscribers, 
  i loved season 1 as well , andy and the pit is hilarious !, 
  but it seemed to me as though leslie 's character was completely different from the rest of the show as in that she was just a blissfully dumb blonde while her character in the other seasons was so much more than that so that was a bit of a downside for me . 
  it also seemed to me that each character was still learning their roles and who they were in that season and they had n't completely sorted it out until the next season . 
  gee wizz mr original , have n't heard that one before ... 
  lawson, 
  gallo, 
  faried, 
  chandler, 
  fournier is also an option instead of chandler but i still stick with my original 5, 
  honestly , it depends on the match . 
  as an interstate fan whenever i get to melbourne to watch a game i 'll usually just buy the tickets at gates as they generally do n't sell out unless it 's a big game . 
  if the game 's at etihad ( which i 'll assume it is ) it really does n't matter where you sit as the whole stadium has great viewing angles and you do n't have to worry about the weather as its all indoors . 
  if it 's a big match ( against collingwood/essendon/richmond ) you 'll want to buy tickets before the game but i ca n't help you much with that sorry . 
  as far as things to do while you 're in melbourne it 's a great city with lots to see and do but if you 're looking to see a bit of australia you should rent a car for a couple of days and head on down to the great ocean road . 
  it 's just about the perfect time of year to head there as its warm enough to go swimming and surfing ( the great ocean road has some of the best beaches in the world ) and there is n't school holidays at the time so it wo n't be overly crowded . 
  kalas wo n't be getting game time for chelsea , hooper is a bit of an awkward price and i ca n't see him doing better than cornelius who is cheaper anyway and i do n't think having two tottenham midfielders is a god idea so that rules out chadli for me . 
  perhaps , but we are n't buying anyone either and i ca n't see us making top 4 again unless if we do make some signings with the way the sp * rs have strengthened their squad so far . 
  we also do n't have that young squad we once had that progressively got better each year . 
  sure we 've got the young british core and chesney but they only just cancel out the regression that will most likely occur in the cases of players like arteta , sagna and rosicky who are heading into their 30 's now and so our current squad is at a stand-still talent wise . 
  this season is only going to be worse than the last unless if we make some signings . 
  subway restaurants . 
  knowing our selectors he probably wo n't . 
  i think you 're forgetting usman khawaja in your out list , no way the selectors let him play 2 games in a row when you 've got guns like ed cowan and rob quiney just lining up for that position . . 
  on reddit - toilet paper . 
  it seems as if you are n't using 4-ply premium quality toilet paper you 're some kind of low life peasant . 
  i mean , sure it 's nice to use good quality toilet paper , but it is n't that big a deal and after a few wipes you 're done anyway no matter what ply the toilet paper is and the only difference that it might n't have been quite so soft on your precious bum . 
  a painful read but a good one . 
  we came so close so many times over the past decade it 's heartbreaking and that 10 second video of milney in the 2010 grand final was the worst part for me , cost us that elusive premiership . 
  oh well maybe we 'll get another go at it in 2020 ... 
  it must have been even worse for you guys , losing 3 prelims in a row and not making a grand final . 
  at least your current crop of young guns are looking great , should n't take you too long to be back in the 8 i 'd think if they keep progressing the way they have been over the last couple of seasons . 
  sorry essendon , we thought that we 'd let you take all the negative media attention but we were feeling a bit saad after last weekend and just could n't help ourselves, 
  better luck next time, 
  and there essendon was thinking they could take the # 1 spot , looks like those peptides have been getting to their heads, 
  yeah they look to be taking west coast 's place , the eagles just have n't been the same since '07 and it was about time there was a new contender, 
  we 've got so few premiership trophies that on a good day even a port adelaide supporter can count how many there are, 
  unless of course if your team is port adelaide and the year is 2007, 
  cheers , 
  got ta love the frenchy, 
  not really , his finishing was still really poor today , even so i still think he 'll e a good pick up though so long as arsenal do n't sign another striker, 
  that 's a really , really nice squad when you look at it , i could see us winning a trophy or two with that starting lineup, 
   with kobe, 
  if you think that a team with a prime kobe on it is going through dark days , you 're seriously delusional, 
  could this possibly have something to do with coquelin 's loan deal to freiberg ? 
  just a thought . 
  as a saints fan the best moment for me did n't come in september , but rather round 14 2009 when both st kilda and geelong were both undefeated after winning 13 in a row . 
  when michael gardiner took that pack mark and kicked the goal to seal the match at the end of one the greatest games of footy ever to be played , it was for me the best moment and when i realised that that saints team really could get somewhere come finals . 
  sydney - geelong, 
  geelong wins by 17, 
  north smith goes to joel selwood, 
  we 'll gladly take him and we can just about guarantee him the playing time that he wants . 
  he 'd have riewoldt as a fellow undersized key-forward to learn from as well and at 21 he still has the potential to develop into a really solid player for the saints . 
  i do n't know who , but i have a feeling that one of our current roster is going to break out this year and become a star player whether it 's lawson or mcgee or randolph or fournier or gallo i have a reckon one of them is going to take the next step and lead this team . 
  at the beginning of the season a lot of people were backing in carlton as premiership contenders with malthouse as coach . 
  now they 're a team that has a fair chance on missing out on the finals altogether and are n't looking like they 're going to be much better next season unless if they see some serious improvement from their youngsters . 
  less notice ? 
  we 've got 9 years , i 'm sure we 'd be fine . 
  [ did brenda have a rest halfway , thus allowing alice to overtake her ? 
  horrible location mainly , hard to access for most of adelaide . 
  does anyone else think the southern stand 's roof is really ugly or is it just me ? 
  seems like the architects gave up and just decide to put some ugly dome as the roof . 
  if we 're talking in recent times i 'd say rudy fernandez , guy was a freak . 
  pity he did n't stay in the nba , not sure why he chose to play in spain instead . 
  i would have waited until the end of the season , if essendon lose points the lions are still a chance at making the finals although i do n't really like their chances now . 
  just a general question for kings fans , how far away do you think the current squad is from making the playoffs and what pieces do you need before you can reach that stage ? 
  white castle, 
  yeah , but what do you want them to do ? 
  do you really want to spend 10 minutes watching them trying to find a park just as you 're getting into the movie ? 
  at aami port are fairly well unstoppable at the moment unless if you 're a top 4 team and gold coast did n't exactly have the most convincing win over the dees last week . . 
  falcons not cats, 
  til . 
  i 've always assumed that the falcons were the geelong 's seconds team never realising that was the tac cup team not the vfl side . 
  that larry sanders one is insane !, 
  great job on these , they look great . 
  not game 7 vs spurs in the 2008 playoffs ? 
  i seriously thought the hornets were primed for a championship run that season . 
  i have a feeling that driving on the right hand side of the road is more of a law than a social norm, 
  that does n't make any sense considering there is n't a single player on our list under 18, 
  but i guess that those big 2 digit numbers are hard to comprehend for port fans, 
  do n't worry mate , we 'll help you make up for all your lost percentage last week, 
  but we ca n't do the same for your lost dignity, 
  says the port adelaide supporter, 
  +1 for no vote hiding , if you really have to do it preferably only make it for 30 minutes or so . 
  a little bit to the right, 
  are there any confirmed reports of how long he 's out for yet ? 
  although he has a lot to work on , i think tom hickey can become a solid player for us , especially if he puts on some weight . 
  also curren has obviously been playing very well lately , will be interesting to see how he performs next season . 
  i would love to see where jack trengove would be at now if he had n't been picked up by melbourne , he was an absolute gun when he was in the sanfl, 
  perhaps i 'm basing it too much on [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgff0xgregy ) goal but i 've always thought daisy thomas has had a decent left boot . 
  what they want and what they would get are two very different things . 
  if we got him i ca n't see us paying any more than # 17-18m for him , he just is n't worth any more than that considering that he 's 27 now . 
  come on now , you 're making it out as if playing for the saints is some kind of hardship that no player should have to go through . 
  yes he played in 3 grand finals with no flag , but they were 3 grand finals more than what most players will play in their career . 
  he also got to enjoy making the finals 8 out of the 10 seasons he was at the club which is the equal best record of any team during that period of time . 
  as soon as he saw hard times ahead he jumped ship for another melbourne based club , nobody was making him change teams so he ca n't complain about whatever hardships he might be facing at essendon now . 
  sure there have been some scandals over the years at the saints but have they really been that bad for the players not involved in them ? 
  i think you 're making it out to be far worse than it is for him .
