  sure okc won but i do n't see them winning the championship if they keep playing like this , especially considering how well other teams are playing out west at the moment, 
  could we be seeing a call up for acres soon ? 
  also weller 's been playing great for the zebras , would n't mind seeing one of those two guys come in for savage in the next week or two . 
  what is maastricht like as a city ? 
  is there plenty do to in and around the city ? 
  also , does the university there have a good or bad reputation ? 
  i 'm currently studying a commerce degree majoring in accounting and corporate finance in australia and am hoping to spend a semester or two as an exchange student there next year . 
  maastricht seems to be the university that offers the subjects that match up the closest to the subjects that i need for my course due to the business school there . 
  it 's great to be able to hear good things from someone who has first-hand experience of the city and university !, 
  the pellinor quartet by alison croggon . 
  not a very well known series but brilliant reading nonetheless . 
  playing the reigning premiers and arguably the best team in the competition on a cold , rainy saturday afternoon at the g for his first game of afl footy . 
  ca n't ask for a much tougher start to an afl career , lets hope acres makes the most of it . 
  adidas marketers were n't the only ones, 
  which shaw , riewoldt or selwood ? 
  gentleman and a scholar, 
  i 'm currently in nearly exactly the same situation as you with both uni and part-time work so i 'm hoping this thread gets a few responses . 
  it 's kind of an awkward limbo in first year , i 'm not really sure if i should be seeking relevant work experience or continuing with my supermarket job until second year when there 's the possibility of an internship or an overseas exchange . 
  i still loved season 6 and atticus fetch but i agree the show ended at season 4 , with everything after being just another run of the mill comedy show that just happens to have the same name and characters . 
  if the answer is [ # 3 worth of food in her bowl and only charged for 1 pound ( weight ) ] ( / sp ) i 'll be thoroughly disappointed, 
  it 's finally becoming the season everyone was expecting it to be for the saints , there 's still a good chance we could take the wooden spoon . 
  draft picks ahoy !, 
  i felt it would have been more fitting in rosicky had have scored , the man 's been such a servant to the club i would have loved to see him score in the final . 
  if we strike it lucky and get that top 3 pick , who would you guys like to see brought in ? 
  as an australian i struggled to make a commitment to a single team for a considerable amount of time before finally sticking with denver , mainly because of their jerseys . 
  there really is n't any other factor holding me to the team as there is n't any ` hometown ' team for me and with such a high player turnover , its hard to stick with a single team based on players alone, 
  it 's the greater western melbourne bulldogs thank you very much, 
  love it , makes you wonder if any of the guys on our squad at the moment will ever be on the same level as the guys pictured there though, 
  nah , he 's being serious . 
  what gm in their right mind would n't trade the potential no . 
  1 overall pick for gerald green ? 
  he was a superstar even without the humility and work ethic, 
  an adelaide fan sledging in port 's favour ? 
  did your carer give you the wrong pills this morning grandma ? 
  oi this is actual spoilers , tv viewers do n't know this yet, 
  i guess you 'll be seeing stephen shortly then, 
  gee whizz mr original , must 've taken you all day to come up with that one, 
  you 've already given us a 70 point belting today , do you really need to rub salt in the wound ? 
  please , no more draws ever again, 
  as someone who used to ( and sometimes still does ) get killer mouth ulcers all the time kenalog is a bit of a life saver . 
  it does n't do too much to ease the pain but it sure makes them heal a whole lot quicker . 
  i think the most important thing we can take away from this is that patty thrills is now an nba champion, 
  it was like '07 all over again, 
  got my first one this saturday afternoon . 
  but seriously , who puts an exam on a saturday arvo ? 
  at least the saints are n't playing then i guess, 
  i do n't think vietnam shares poland 's feelings on this one, 
  love having someone in the backline who can take a mark , really liking the look of him this season, 
  at this rate longer 's gon na be struggling to walk at half time , he 's looking exhausted out there already, 
  i had so many high hopes for him this season , really hope he can find a place in the team, 
  i 'm just hoping that cleveland does a cleveland and picks someone nobody was expecting with the no . 
  can you explain why ? 
  i do n't really see why either side of the deal would want to do this trade, 
  it 's overrated until you do n't have any, 
  half his reputation comes from his portrayal of troy barnes, 
  would n't complain about having mcevoy back either, 
  your point on how they have too many players who are just good and not elite is a big reason for their underwhelming performances this year . 
  players like deledio , cotchin , martin and riewoldt are all very capable of playing like elite players but not on any consistent basis and this really hurts the tigers, 
  the only other top team in the comp at the moment that does n't have at least a few consistently elite players is north and they make up for it by having a lot more very ` good ' players than richmond . 
  if the four players i mentioned before could step up and maybe a couple of others i think we could see a very big difference in the outcomes of richmond games . 
  future star right here , this kid has some serious footballing ability for an 18 year old . 
  ca n't wait to see how good he can become when he puts on a few kilos and gets a proper afl player 's build . 
  he 's playing well but i reckon he was playing better back in ' 07 , he was crazy that year for north and ended up second in the brownlow count . 
  that said , it 's ridiculous how well he 's playing for a 36 year old when you consider players like warren tredrea and ben cousins who 's retirement seems an age ago are younger than him . 
  hey , we could be bottom of the ladder !, 
  i 'm feeling a big trade happening today for the nugs , no way we keep gallo , chandler and mcbuckets . 
  klove anyone ? 
  anyone know anything about nurkic ? 
  i think he 's talking about central districts supporters, 
  jack riewoldt uses the last piece of toilet paper and does n't replace the roll, 
  sadly brisbane ca n't employ the same tactics in case their ` fans ' get homesick and leave at half time, 
  this season will be better no matter what happens to these rookies , gallo or mcgee . 
  theplayers have had a year under shaw now and learnt his system which is very different to karl 's and there 's no way we 'll have injuries to the same extent as last year . 
  if all the players are fit and we can maintain our depth , i can easily see us making the playoffs . 
  no selwood or dangerfield ? 
  at least we did n't sign charlie adam, 
  chris webber was never as good as kg or duncan though no matter the situation, 
  spurs lose in the first round, 
  it seems like nearly every comment we make with a saints flair is just responded with a dwarf or schoolgirl joke anyway , do n't really see the point in it anymore, 
  does anyone get that feeling nowadays that once a rumor gets to this stage the odds are greater that we 'll sign the player than wo n't ? 
  less than a year ago i would have just written this off as another hopeful rumor spread by the press with no real intention by the club behind it . 
  it feels like something has really changed at the arsenal this past 12 months with ozil and sanchez and it truly feels great having confidence in the club to make the big , necessary signings . 
  i 'm not claiming this is anything like a done deal yet , i just get the feeling that the days of old where our top signing for the summer would be an arteta or a mertesacker on the last day of the august are gone and the club has moved onto greener pastures where they have the intention to make the big signings . 
  even with higuain last year , true intention was shown by the club to sign the player for a large fee and that is huge for me . 
  go / u/the9thinvisibleninja !, 
  nice to see a saints mod here . 
  also , cheers for unfading the flairs . 
  it 's depressing enough knowing in mid-july that it 's statistically impossible to make the finals , we 've already got more than enough salt in the wounds . 
  are we still in for miller ? 
  if so we could chuck chandler in there too , chandler , mcgee and foye may just be enough to lure the pistons into the deal . 
  i ca n't believe what i 'm watching . 
  soak this up fellow sainters , this is the best we 've seen from the boys since 2011, 
  dunstannnnnnn !, 
  this is nuts, 
  i still ca n't get over the fact that the saints did n't just beat freo last night , they walloped them . 
  i was getting seriously down when it comes to afl because of the saints ' performances this year to the point where i was enjoying the world cup far more than any football i 'd been watching this year . 
  although this might 've just been another regular season game in another down year for st kilda , i feel like this is on of the biggest wins the saints have had in the past decade . 
  this win gives me , and the rest of st kilda 's fanbase , a reason to want to watch the footy for the rest of the season and was the first time in a couple of years where i was truly glad that i support this club . 
  now i just hope the boys remember what it feels like to play like a top 8 side and can replicate that form in the coming weeks, 
  you 'd honestly rather work in 40c heat than this weather ?
