  should be a top game . 
  it seems like gillard 's polls follow the bulldogs form , doing great in 2010 and have been shit ever since, 
  if you 're wanting to experience the big crowd atmosphere but ca n't get to a game this weekend , just head down to the local centrelink for port vs collingwood, 
  not sure if i like mozgoz being our backup center now , he looked completely lost on the court last season although maybe that 'll change with more minutes, 
  the no . 
  55 pick that we got with the trade was for a french centre named joffrey lauvergne so he would probably be our backup if he can make the cut, 
  do n't know much about him , but judging by his profile ( 6-3 sg ) will this guy be getting any minutes with fournier on the team ? 
  should be a good game , hopefully roo can outplay his cousin and we can somehow pull off a win, 
  that third to last one is pretty awful , looks like a work experience student put it together . 
  other than that they all seem pretty decent , my personal favourite is either no . 
  22 or no . 
  oh wow haha they 're actually really similar . 
  fair point then , maybe not those two , any of them are decent really, 
  well it looks like cricket season is starting early this year boys . . 
  also the nearby carrick hill estate is a great place to walk around and take pictures if you want something similar, 
  its free to get into the grounds and to see the gardens and statues they have there but i think there 's a small charge to go into the house . 
  there 's a pretty nice view of the city there as well, 
  there 's a main entrance near the end of carrick hill drive which is fairly accessible, 
  / r/stkilda is a great subreddit with regular posts and good discussion for any saints fans who have n't subscribed yet . 
  credit to / u/noidenous for running the subreddit really well, 
  do they really need him ? 
  they 've already got the two best young key-forwards in the league with patton and cameron , for the sake of the league i hope they do n't take buddy as-well unless if they trade one of their current duo . 
  is the ` snake ' in this riddle a serpent or is it a representation for something else ? 
  ok here 's my guess :, 
  [ one of the two men is the ` snake ' ( a snitch ) . 
  the other is a hit man ( or something similar ) intending to execute the ` snake ' . 
  when they enter the abattoir they realise that they are in line to be slaughtered with the other animals and laugh at the irony of the situation and thus why they are dead on the floor covered in blood the next moment . ], 
  i do n't reckon you guys will have any trouble in keeping him in 2016 , he 's from murray bridge so i ca n't really see him wanting to move interstate and with the bright future the club has i ca n't see any reason for him moving, 
  [ yeah , it looks like / u/coverlie got the answer using the plumbing snake ] ( / sp ), 
  this has got to be it , took a bit of prior knowledge [ laughing gas ] ( / sp ) to get the answer though, 
   `` for a guy to openly confess that he had taken an illegal substance against the rules under the wada code , he should have been an infraction and stood down straight away and an opportunity for him to get out and give his defence should have been made , '', 
  this is exactly what should have happened , it 's an embarrassment that the afl continues to let a player who has confessed to taking illegal substances continue playing . 
  i personally sympathise for jobe but the afl ca n't let him continue playing under the circumstances , guilty or not , until an appropriate defence by him and the club can be made . 
  perhaps , but at the same time i think it 'd be a bad decision by the club to play him . 
  having an alleged rapist playing for us would not be good for the morale of the team or the publicity of the club whether he 's guilty or not . 
  that said , if the afl was planning on standing milne down whether the club did it or not ( which apparently they were ) i do n't understand why they are n't standing watson down who , as you said , has admitted his guilt . 
  it 'd be great to see the saints trade for the no . 
  1 pick which should be tom boyd while riewoldt still has a couple of seasons left in him . 
  i believe that key-forward is without a doubt the most important position on the field and having a young gun in boyd to fill the spot would really help us through the rebuilding stage . 
  also as the article stated acquiring another key-defender is crucial and a couple of new young midfielders would be nice, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/radxs5h.jpg ) another great picture of kallmunz , seems like a beautiful place . 
  with current trends i think we can hope to see slavery fairly-well eradicated within the next 50 or so years hopefully although it 's still a major current issue around the world, 
  honestly i think he 'd fit nicely into any team in the afl, 
  leading at half time against a top four team without riewoldt ? 
  it 's 2010 all over again !, 
  yeah this 'll be the case , with kosta koufos gone now we do n't really have a back up center ( only mozgov ) so jj will be our backup bigman for both positions . 
  it seems like he 's inherited his brother 's ( stan ) ability of pissing off his teams fans by moving their best players . 
  as a long time arsenal fan ( which is a team known for losing their best players at the end of each season ) i 'm sort of used to kroenke messing the team up as much as possible and it makes me hate them at the end of each season just a little bit more . 
  edit : correction : josh is stan 's son , not brother, 
  we desperately need a sg with iggy gone now , but i do n't see any sg available that would be worth trading those 3 for, 
  surely a trade now to move on of our current bigs ? 
  4 pf 's is too many and we 're lacking a starting-quality sg , maybe kroenke will come up with something, 
  fair point , but do you really want to see him in a nuggets jersey ? 
  not anymore with koufos gone, 
  no way we trade mcevoy , maybe nicky dal and our our top pick for the no . 
  1 would work but other clubs will probably offer more, 
  amazing . 
  there are n't very many other clubs that could get something like this on the other side of the world . 
  if you 're looking to see amazing scenery and lots of native wildlife but are n't wanting to put up with excessive heat tasmania is probably the place to go that time of year . 
  you wo n't have to travel vast distances while you 're there and it 's the coolest place to go that time of year . 
  otherwise melbourne is a great city to visit and you 've got the great ocean road nearby with some of australia 's best beaches and a beautiful coastline which features the twelve apostles as well as many other tourist attractions . 
  woah jim really did n't age well , looks a lot older than 51, 
  oh good lord ... 
  mainly hate though after the 2010 grand final replay . . 
  i 'd say luke hodge , the guy 's a star, 
  yes but they 're still very good players who would help the squad become truly elite as totalcarrboro mentioned, 
  if cowan does n't get dropped he 's got to have some sort of blackmail over the selectors , maybe some nude photos of clarkey and watson ? 
  he 's one of the worst batsmen i 've ever seen play for australia , no idea how he 's managed to stay on the team this long . 
  hopefully khawaja gets the nod , but what 's up with warner lately ? 
  is he not on the side purely because of the incident with joe root or is it a form thing ? 
  also think agar should be kept as our no . 
  1 spin bowler , lyon does n't really add much to the team with the bat or bowl and i 'm not convinced that agar is ready for all-rounder duties quite yet , give him a couple more tests at least . 
  if it was at aami i 'd say we would n't have a chance but at etihad this should be a solid contest which could be very winnable for the saints , should be a top game . 
  new south wales from a few years ago had an amazing team with m. clarke , katich , jacques , thornerly , hughes , haddin , mcgrath , lee , magill and s. clark , not sure how they 'd line up currently though with most of those guys retired now, 
  do you have cotchin ? 
  if not he is a bargain at the moment at 415k as he has a knack for finishing the season with huge scores ( last 8 or so games last season he had an average of 120 + ) and he 's just started to get into some really good form ( 101 avg . 
  in his last 3 ) so he could be one to bring in if you do n't have him . 
  i 'd also take selwood over ball due to the fact that in the past he 's been a better producer than ball and is in decent form currently . 
  if you have the cash you should look at bringing in a freo midfielder ( mundy , fyfe or barlow ) as they have a really easy run coming up for the finals although they are all fairly expensive at the moment . 
  finally you do have the option of just trading swallow down which is possibly the best option considering how well mitchell has been doing lately you do n't really want him on your bench so that 's probably what i 'd do . 
  for any port away fans at the game tomorrow who are disconcerted by the lack of bay-covers and mullet-touting drug addicts , please make your way over t. . . 
  ah who am i kidding , port dont have any away fans, 
  because each season we keep falling further and further behind the competition , with a bleaker outlook at the end of each transfer window as we watch our rivals continuously strengthen their squads while ours only stays the same or grows weaker . 
  we only just made the top 4 last season and our rivals for that spot in tottenham and liverpool are only getting stronger while we are n't doing anything to secure our position as a top team . 
  we expect something different because we now know that the stadium repayments are n't as large as they once were and with the new deals we 've signed we have plenty of cash to spend , but we are n't spending any as we watch all of our targets sign for other clubs . 
  it 's no coincidence that his team 's mascot is a pussy, 
   and i 've never seen more junkies in my life than in st kilda, 
  i take it you 're obviously not a local port adelaide fan then ? 
  even if afl was the dominant sport i do n't think we 'd ever see more than 24 teams , not in the top flight anyway . 
  if you want every team to play every other team once a season then the league could n't handle any more than that without the season dragging on too long . 
  if it was the dominant sport you 'd probably see a couple less teams in melbourne as well to give other cities a fair amount of teams . 
  why on earth is this game at etihad ? 
  seems rather strange organising by the afl considering both teams were expected to have good seasons and both have a ton of members . 
  the crazy , unpredictable kid who probably has a case of adhd but knows how to dress well . 
  and kobe would n't have won a ring without shaq or gasol . 
  you could say that about any championship player in fact as there has n't been a single championship team in the past 3 decades which has n't had at least 2 star players on their roster . 
  i think i 'll pass on this one . 
  we really needed that win last week , this could be brutal : /, 
  i thought so too , i think porto were the first club to show an interest in him but has since cooled off so perhaps the talk is still lingering from those original rumours ? 
  [ this one for the nugs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e9trvfe.jpg ),
