did you get this meme from here ? 
  well thats awkward because the watermark is automatically put there when you make the meme ... 
  wh-where ... where is the hobbit ? 
  i know i 've been on reddit too long when i already know what this is going to be without even opening it, 
  `` i 'm no weatherman , but you can expect more than a few inches tonight . '', 
  fat guy : they could sue you for that !, 
  hancock : yeah well you should sue mcdonalds cause they fucked you up !, 
  lenny hayes in form , surely a win for the saints, 
  i 'm failing to see why the magic or the rockets would do this trade, 
  adelaide united !!!!, 
  cheers for copying my ecard and reposting it : / http://www.reddit.com/r/ecards/comments/sxra7/inspirational/, 
  this . 
  guy . 
  this would be what you were looking for , 
  tiote is probably not a good option as , although he 's good in real life , is not much of a fantasy player . 
  you could also say the same for song but for 6.5 he 's a steal . 
  also in the first lineup you probably should be starting pogrebnyak because of the double game week . 
  the 5-3 win against chelsea was pretty big for the team, 
  this signing seems more and more likely . 
  for wenger to say anything about a potential transfer target shows that he is very interested in him . 
  i do n't know about the reliability of that article about cazorla and his agent and whether it has any substance but it appears as though this transfer has a good chance of going ahead . 
  fairly sure cazorla would be quite a bit more then just a ` decent ' signing, 
  i personally really like the voodoo , it 's original and pretty damn cool, 
  surely larry bird ? 
  [ almost , the horse 's name is friday * ] ( / sp ), 
  short of a massive , over the top offer from barcelona i see absolutely no reason why wenger would sell him . 
  even if wenger did accept , why would song want to go there anyway ? 
  he has a solid first team role at the gunners and if he went to barcelona he would most likely be a professional bench warmer/occasional sub, 
  if you 're into mountain biking eagle on the hill is an amazing park dedicated to the sport and is only 20 mins from the city, 
  leigh matthews would be great for the power , doubt it would ever happen though, 
  tomas rosicky - ` prone to injury in the same way john terry is prone to being a cunt ', 
  so true it hurts, 
  i might be a bit biased , but could lenny hayes be in there with a chance ? 
  he 's a great player irl but personally i dont rate him as a fantasy player . 
  he 'll be solid for 8.0 but never amazing , i 'd personally pick toure over him as mancini plans on giving him a more attacking role this season . 
  i do n't really see why real would ever want an injury prone van persie when they already have two world class strikers in benzema and higuian and plenty of goals coming from ronaldo . 
  seeing as you have 5 chelsea + reading players you may get destroyed in gameweek 3 when neither of these teams play so you may want to think swapping a couple of these players out . 
  otherwise a fairly nice team . 
  edit : swap out el ahmadi for robson-kanu, 
  perhaps , but should he turn out to be a flop in the double gameweek ( which is very possible ) he will go down in price and really there are n't any other decent strikers in that price range . 
  this means that unless you have at least 1-2 mil saved up you will be paying for the transfer seeing as you do n't want a dud in the forward line as it is arguably the most important position points wise . 
  all said and done though he may turn out to be a decent player and for 5.0 is extremely cheap so its probably a risk worth taking . 
  / r/riddles - its already a great subreddit but with more subscribers i think it could be amazing . 
  i mean really , who does n't like riddles ? 
  am i the the only person on reddit who has n't sharted before , or am i missing something ? 
  surely karl malone at pf for all-nba team ? 
  damn it , forgot about him playing for the lakers : /, 
  that could be a good idea , from what i 've heard robson-kanu will be a solid starter but i may be wrong . 
  i 'm fairly sure that cazorla 's spot in the midfield is safe but i will still try and watch the friendly between arsenal and koln to see if he is as good as everyone claims him to be . 
  cheers , it probably would be a good idea to start federici with the dgw, 
  rondo is definitely not better than howard and also love  dirk/pau, 
  this is a photo that my dad took about 6 or 7 years ago on a trip we did to switzerland , i just noticed it while browsing through some old photos and it brought back some great memories , 
  sorry about the delay , i can confirm that it is in spiez as mentioned by biwook, 
  i definitely agree about kobe but deron williams is nowhere near as good a pg as rose in my opinion . 
  i mean nj still finished with just a .33 record and , despite having a poor team around him , if deron was really that good would have they still finished such a poor record ? 
  since nobody else has said it i 'm going with gervinho , i reckon this 'll be his breakout season for the gunners . 
  alex song would surely have to make the team, 
  round 14 2009 st kilda v geelong both teams undefeated and probably the best game of football i 've ever seen . 
  wyrh : larry bird or magic johnson in their prime ? 
  what about essien ? 
  i do n't understand why wenger would let song leave , he 's proven to be a world class midfielder , works well with the team and has said that he is happy at arsenal . 
  on top of this we 're only getting around 15m which isnt exactly a massive offer by any means for such a good player . 
  he still has 2 years on his contract and is only 24 so no worries there . 
  for me this would be a huge mistake letting him go and , unless something has happened that i do n't know about , i do n't know why wenger would sell him . 
  i 've never seen biglia play before , is he up to arsenal 's standard ? 
  i completely agree , although another striker would be nice ( llorente i 'm looking at you ! ), 
  i think once the team meshes together we probably wont need one . 
  with sahin + cazorla + arteta and eventually wilshere in our midfield we 'll be an unstoppable force . 
  i 'm going to say evan turner , the guy should have a great season, 
  hey come on he was still easily the most skilled player in the league last year , he was n't that bad . . 
  [ surely this ? ], 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cellz7doovy#t=04m05s ), 
  did n't stop them going crazy, 
  i think it 'd be a disaster if we signed tiote . 
  the guys a brute and thats about it . 
  he lacks class and skill , and although he gets the job done , i 'd never want to see him at the arsenal . 
  probably would never happen but llorente , even with his price tag , would be an unbelievable signing and fit in extremely well imo . 
  he 'd also completely make up for the loss of rvp . 
  adelaide , australia favourite player is gervinho, 
  player born in 1984 - lebron , carmelo , roy , deron williams , iggy , bogut and bosh ; i reckon that this year would have to be the best in modern times, 
  blake was '89, 
  big al jefferson , the guys a beast down low and a consistent 20-10 guy, 
  what the hell is going on with qpr lately ? 
  where did all this cash suddenly come from ? 
  i 'm with you , i thought his performance against stoke was definitely sub par , his first touches were awful and he really just did n't seem like the player he 's being hyped up to be . 
  as it was the first game of the season that i watched , i was wondering if i 'm missing something here ? 
  we still definitely need more defensive cover after what happened last season . 
  i reckon we also still need to go out and buy a star striker like llorente to make us contenders this season . 
  a dm would be nice and could be the difference between winning a trophy but it is n't as pressing a need as the other 2 positions . 
  when its with me you only need 2 minutes , because its so intense !, 
  mike conley jr. 
  i guess i 'd have to go with javale , lawson and gallo are still both pretty damn good but more easily replaceable, 
  iggys getting on a bit , plus i reckon javale will get better then iggy within the next 2 seasons, 
  q : how do you carve wood ? 
  a : a whittle bit at a time . 
  should he leave , lakers are fucked . 
  with kobe , nash , gasol , artest and jamison probably all retiring or their game seriously declining within the next 2 years and no youth coming through to support them they 're going to be at the bottom of the league in 2014/2015 unless if they can pull off a miracle . 
  christchurch ? 
  not me but a friend of mine , lets call him jim . 
  he lived in a sleepy town next to a small river in eastern australia where there was n't much to do and so he and a friend came up with a sport they called surfskiing where they used a surf board instead of water skis as they were pulled along by a boat .
