  reus has been pretty unbelievable for dortmund , i 'd personally take him over ozil but then you could make a case for either of them, 
  ok fair enough ; neuer , ozil and schweinsteiger it is then, 
  mark aguirre used to be pretty good for you guys back in the '80s , do n't know how he 'd go nowadays though, 
  malone would be pretty amazing aswell , a malone/jefferson frontcourt would dominate, 
  a hard list to make but overall i thing it was done well . 
  hussey , chanderpaul , herath , siddle and steyn are all great players who could easily make the list but at the same time the players who made it in their place were just as good . 
  yes , but i 'd rather spend the money on positions that really need filling such as dm , lb and possibly cb and st. to get a creative attacking midfielder better than what we already have its gon na cost a considerably amount of money . 
  khawaja will be replacing hussey , so probably both  ferguson is also an option, 
  same here , he 's the second leading run scorer in the sheffield shield so he 'd be a great option imo, 
  why is haddin on the team ? 
  he 's 35 and terrible . 
  surely put in paine if they want to give wade a rest . 
  exactly !, 
  why not give an in-form hussey one last go and make all the fans happy if they 're not really worried about the future ? 
  surely gusset deserves that after all he 's done for australia, 
  why is everybody playing down the crows ? 
  sure they 've had a horrible offseason but the only player they lost was tippett who really wasnt that good last year anyway . 
  they 're a young team who can still easily make the top 4 imo, 
  who 's the 27 all-stars that nash has assisted ? 
  my guess is el shaarawy or jovetic with jovetic being the more likely one . 
  cavani is also a possibility, 
  according to the [ daily mail ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2240035/arsenal-manchester-united-discover-mario-gotze-borussia-dortmund-release-clause.html ) ( yes , i know it 's the daily mail , but still . . ) gotze has a # 30m buy out clause so my guess would be that the bid was for him . 
  i thought schwarzer did have a medical with us , or at least come very close to signing , but then the deal got shot down by fulham at the last minute ? 
  definitely pat cummins , the kid 's still a teenager but can bowl consistently in the 150 's . 
  dinesh chandimal looks like he 's going to turn out being a great player as well for sri lanka, 
  he 's got a double gameweek and has been declared fit to play so i 'd play him if i was westicles84, 
  yeah thats a point , i 'd probs play him just in case he gets 2 games and his other defensive options are n't great so it 's probably worth the risk . 
  the dgw is most certainly against us , 
  great comment , really added to the discussion . 
  they seem to be the only ones who are willing to sign new contracts at the club at the moment though sadly, 
  he 's only played for one other team ? 
  where 's the ox ? 
  thanks for the replies  looks like i 'm gon na have to find a way to bring in van persie, 
  judging by a previous thread on this topic i would say that if you were in the area it would be worth checking it out but probably not worth a trip there . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/adelaide/comments/112nl4/does_anyone_know_of_a_secret_garden_in_the_hills/ ) the thread and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dqtal.jpg ) is the location of it . 
  shannon byrnes - $ 229,300 and if he can stay fit robbie gray - $ 276,100, 
  someone loves coulter-nile ... 
  hard to tell about any of the rookies at this stage but there were a couple of mid-priced players who you may want to re-think about putting on your team but otherwise your squad looks fine . 
  i personally do n't reckon brian lake can do as well at hawthorn , sc wise , as he has done at the doggies in recent years so i 'd look to bring in another defender instead ( danyle pearce could be one to look at ) . 
  another iffy player is josh kennedy as he has n't ever really been a top sc scorer and probably never will be with his style of play . 
  another one is travis boak who always seems to have so much potential but never quite lives up to it . 
  i 'd personally downgrade bastinac or hill ( or even both ) to a rookie and upgrade boak to a premium such as murphy or selwood . 
  fair points , boak , bastinac and hill are all risky but have the potential to pay off big so if you 're willing to go through with them it could turn out well . 
  one player who you could replace kennedy is shannon byrnes who has recently moved to melbourne and is at a bargain price because of injury . 
  another idea would be to move dustin martin into your forward line and put luke ball into your midfield who is a similar price to kennedy and pretty much guaranteed to score you points . 
  definitely read this in kumar patel 's voice . 
  probably the most complete test team since the early 000 's australia team . 
  the only weakness in it is that they lack a decent spinner but their excellent pace attack makes up for it fairly well . 
  perhaps having a good spinner is n't completely essential if you have a pace bowling attack as good as south africa at the moment , but at the same time if you want to have a successful bowling attack while bowling in india or on any dry , crumbling pitch you really need a spinner better than robin peterson, 
  for me camelot ( part 1 ) , the last episode of season 9 , was probably my favourite episode of of the whole stargate series . 
  the last scene where the ori ships had defeated our galaxy 's fleet sent chills down my spine . 
  these would be my current mid-season teams but i 'm sure i 've missed some players somewhere :, 
  all-nba 1st team :, 
  pg : chris paul, 
  sg : tony parker, 
  pf : lebron james, 
  c : lamarcus aldridge, 
  all-nba 2nd team :, 
  sf : carmelo anthony, 
  c : tyson chandler, 
  all-nba 3rd team :, 
  pg : russell westbrook, 
  sg : james harden, 
  sf : paul george, 
  c : dwight howard, 
  honorable mention : tim duncan , steph curry , david lee , chris bosh , kyrie irving , kevin garnett , danilo gallinari , rajon rondo , joakhim noah , brook lopez, 
  no parker ? 
  if you 're willing to take the risk that shaw/o ` brien is going to play this week i 'd only trade out gerrard and leave davies and nelson in and play 3-5-2 so that you do n't get a -4 and then next week trade out nelson . 
  if ujiri could pull it off it 'd be the greatest trade in nuggets history by a mile and leave us with a team that could easily compete for and quite possibly win a championship , but no way warriors are gon na give up curry for iggy, 
  haha fair point , i agree we 'd want a fair bit if we had to give up iggy, 
  hard to take a list seriously that puts westbrook and irving over parker , although it does make a good point that if ty became a bit more consistent he would be a top 7 or 8 pg in the nba, 
  i personally thought it was a good episode ? 
  some of this stuff sounds really in-depth but i might have to check out your first question about how magnetism can only be explained quantum mechanically and the bohr van leeuwn theorem as it sounds interesting - but possibly a bit beyond my capability, 
  would you say that this topic would be have to be really in-depth or do you reckon a 1000 word essay could sum it up fairly well if i did plenty of work on it ? 
  far cry 2 on the hardest difficulty was amazing and turned it into a whole different game . 
  you had to strategize what you were going to do in every battle and made the whole game more much more entertaining and completely made up for the poor storyline . 
  sorry but this is n't a riddle , perhaps this would belong better in / r/puzzles ? 
  a lot of people are keeping cowan in their team , why is that ? 
  to me it seems hes never done anything warranting his selection apart from that one century in brisbane at the start of the summer , otherwise he 's been downright terrible and only has an average of 32 . 
  my team would be :, 
  warner, 
  clarke, 
  siddle, 
  pattinson, 
  cheers , yeah he does seem like a top bloke , but he just is n't putting up the numbers and has n't got much potential seeing as he 's already 30, 
  you 're probably right , hughes is rubbish when facing spin but watson has been terrible facing anything while wearing white for quite some time now . 
  now that he cant bowl and he is n't getting any younger i do n't see the point of having him on the team . 
  i 'd gladly drop hughes if there was a better option but i do n't think that the answer is watson and there are n't too many other great opening batsman out there right now ( rogers may be an option but he is 35 ) unless if we put one of the newer batsmen ( khawaja/doolan ) as openers and put someone like ferguson in the middle order . 
  2v5 if bogut was playing, 
  would you say that you would get much eye strain from reading on it for extended periods of time or is the screen pretty good in that way ? 
  which is close the my most beautiful place , the village of gimmelwald, 
  i love it when the nugs play like this , so fast and smooth, 
  [ is it a book ? 
  usually you 'd wait for a while to see if anyone guesses correctly but if no-one can get it than just post a comment like : answer : [ whatever the answer is ] ( / sp ), 
  well shit . 
  no pattinson , bird or johnson who 's gon na be our 2nd pace bowler ? 
  i really really hope we do n't play smith . 
  having one average bowler ( maxwell ) is enough but having two could prove disastrous and let india score 500 + again with relative ease, 
  ignoring the source , do you guys think it 's a good or bad move by wenger if it happens ? 
  game on !,
