  i do n't care how athletic he is or how much ` potential ' he has , he is never going to be the starting centre of a team contending for a championship . 
  also hickson is awful , ca n't wait till gallo and chandler are back . 
  luckily it looks like mozgov is going to be great , ca n't wait to see him play more over the season . 
  that toronto trade is actually pretty decent . 
  demar derozan has been pretty good for the raps this year and their first to rounder will most likely be a lottery pick . 
  really dislike the celtics trade though , no way should we gt rid of ty !, 
  if we do n't win our next two games against the jazz and the lakers something major has to happen ; whether it be trading faired and/or mcgee or having a complete change in gameplan . 
  this was a 57 win team last season competing for a championship and now we 'll be lucky to get 30 wins with the way we 're playing . 
  i 'd understand this if we 'd lost a star player but only main change is the loss of igoudala , which should be compensated by the progression of our young players . 
  brian shaw 's defence ( the whole reason why we made him our coach ) obviously is n't working , our defence was better last season with karl 's offensive mindset . 
  i know that it takes time for the team to gel with a new coach , but things really are n't looking promising with shaw . 
  it 's early on and gallo and chandler are still injured , but even with their return i can never see this being a championship team without a major change , i just hope kroenke and shaw can see that . 
  what a game, 
  ablett , boak , hodge , dangerfield , bartel and steven all in the same midfield would be unstoppable . 
  although you 've got to admit , * dante exum * is a sweet name . 
  with the way the knicks are going at the moment their pick may very well turn out to be a high lottery pick , especially if melo was to get injured for any significant length of time this season . 
  hill , grant, 
  as far as sleeves go it looks great , but then it 's got sleeves so it looks terrible even with the great design . 
  in terms of greatness i still see messi as a greater player than ronaldo based on his achievements and trophies over the past few years but then again i believe they are both equals when it comes to pure footballing ability and that can be seen through the stats in this post . 
  so much young talent has come in over the last few weeks , ca n't wait to see how they perform next season . 
  definitely bottom 6 and quite likely bottom 2 although i hope , and think , we can do better then that . 
  despite all of the doom and gloom of last year , we still have a really solid list without injuries . 
  so many times last season we were extremely competitive with the top sides right up to the fourth quarter , so with another preseason under the youngster 's belts and a healthy list i hope to see some of those near misses turned into wins by the saints and in the process make this coming season worth watching for saints fans . 
  man on fire . 
  denzel washington owning never gets old . 
  [ stick cricket ] ( http://www.sticksports.com/game/stick-cricket/all-star-slog/ ), 
  you do n't even need to know the rules of cricket to have great fun with this classic . 
  i think jack steven is a fair call for the saints , he 's probably overtaken riewoldt now in importance to the club . 
  on the other hand , how is matthew watson carlton 's most important player ? 
  sure , he provides a much needed key backman who has a ton of potential but he does n't even compare to the impact murphy or judd still and will have on the team over the coming seasons . 
  perhaps not every nuggets fan but i 'd say the majority very much dislike andre miller , if you still consider him part of the nuggets . 
  ca n't wait to see all the new recruits get a run around , should be great . 
  especially excited to see billings and how well he holds up at an afl level . 
  to go with something different than the usual freo/hawks i 'm predicting an essendon vs north melbourne final with essendon winning by a goal . 
  i can just really see those two teams becoming elite , top 4 sides this year especially with the drug scandal out of the way now for essendon and if north can finally pick up their 4th quarter performances . 
  surely the game will be called off unless they can find a way to drain it within the next hour or so . 
  i hope it is n't called off though , would be interesting to see a no-consequences game played under these conditions . 
  its the front page of a pakistani newspaper with an image of afridi hitting a boundary and the headline being `` dhaka recaptured '', 
  this kids looking like becoming a star judging by this preseason , ca n't wait to see him in action, 
  dude , what does mine say ? 
  i 'm guessing you did n't do too well in '09 then ? 
  good finishing by the power , always nice to see carlton and collingwood lose in the same weekend, 
  polec is looking like an absolute steal for the power as well , could be the difference maker for them this year . 
  glad to see things working out for him after a disappointing start to his career in brisbane, 
  i 'd love to see at least 2 of those 3 get a run against melbourne , no better time than now with all the unavailable players for this game . 
  it 's amazing when you think about it how many kids the clubs managed to bring in the last couple of years . 
  as recently as 2012 i would have been struggling to name more than 4 or 5 young , up and coming talents at the club and now when i have a look at the list we 're absolutely stacked with them . 
  i get the feeling we got an absolute steal with templeton in the rookie draft though , ca n't wait to see him in action if he does play this weekend !, 
  with dawes , hogan and clarke all out for the dees this is as good an opportunity as we 're going to see all season , even with our extensive injury list . 
  i for one think we 'll be starting this season off with a win . 
  no way the dees win by 60 + without dawes , clarke or hogan , even against this depleted saints squad . 
  its on in adelaide , does n't seem to be on fta elsewhere though, 
  patty mill 's towel waving, 
  do you have him as captain ? 
  he 's only on 50 dt points at the moment, 
  hayes would be proud , that tackling was immense, 
  he sure was . 
  although i was sad to see mcevoy go ; dunstan , longer and savage are seeming to be more than a fair return . 
  it seems for once the saint 's recruiters finally got something right if just one of these guys live up to their potential . 
  i honestly thought this was an / r/aflcirclejerk post at first glance, 
  huge win for the knicks , really boosts their playoff chances . 
  as a nuggets fan i never can decide to root for or against the knicks . 
  i love melo and the playoffs wo n't be the same without him , but i 'd also really dig getting a nice lottery pick from the knicks . 
  eagles could still be a great team this season for all we know , it 'll be interesting to see how they perform against the cats in round 4 . 
  i also would n't give up on the crows quite yet , port and geelong are quality sides and when you get walker back or pods hits some form the whole team will start to look a whole lot better . 
  no , it 's still pretty bad . 
  you have to be 18 to play in the afl so the players will just be happily collecting their paychecks and sitting on the sidelines for the majority of their contract . 
  just like buddy, 
  41 in a row , absolutely incredible feat by an incredible player . 
  kd thoroughly deserves this record . 
  krie irving, 
  steph curry, 
  joe johnson, 
  when you look back at the 2001 draft st kilda could have had chris judd , jimmy bartel , sam mitchell and dane swan instead of luke ball , xavier clarke , matt maguire and josh houlihan . 
  i can barely imagine how the last decade would 've turned out if we had have picked even one of those stars . 
  we still picked up dal santo and montagna in that draft so i ca n't exactly complain but there are still a lot of what ifs, 
  that second crowd shot 's almost looking like a port game, 
  and do n't forget nate robinson injured as well, 
  games like this make me super excited for next season with a healthy squad and a lottery pick , good times ahoy !, 
  looks like someone had a bad day at the ford factory, 
  oh well , at least you wo n't have to worry about that happening for much longer, 
  this game will be really telling as to just how far st kilda have come this year , if we can win this the confidence it 'll give our young lads will be huge and it could prove to be a launching pad for a potential top 10 or 11 finish . 
  meanwhile if the crows lose today they could be looking at a bottom 4 finish with the way things are going , something i do n't think anybody expected at the beginning of the season . 
  either way its a big game for both clubs, 
  that is far from useless , coming from a person who struggles to swallow pills even with water . 
  if you 're willing to work at kfc there are plenty of jobs available [ here ] ( http://www.kfcjobs.com.au/team/working-here.aspx ) that should n't be too hard to get . 
  otherwise just keep applying for as many jobs as possible while putting down as many availability hours as you can and i 'm sure you 'll get one eventually !, 
  he 's far too ugly to ever be david duchovny and heather graham 's son , they surely could have found someone a * bit * more suitable for the role, 
  no bogut for the warriors greatly hurts their chances though . 
  clips in 6, 
  i 'm really hoping dirk , marion and vc still have some old-man magic left in them . 
  i can see this series going to 6 or 7 games if dirk and monta shows up and the series becoming a texan classic . 
  i would n't write the mavs off quite yet, 
  if memphis bring their defence of last year anything could happen vs the thunder, 
  he 's truly a great role model for the younger players to learn from, 
  go you saints !, 
  billings for rising star this week ? 
  kd and brodie taking no prisoners these playoffs, 
  i would n't put him on the same level as those other guys you listed but he 's still a brilliant midfielder and one of the best in the afl at the moment . 
  says the carlton fan,
