  i do n't think it 's appropriate for a collingwood fan to be making this joke, 
  gee , setting high standards for yourself there, 
  melbourne 's definition of a successful season and a coaching revolution apparently means sitting at 16th on the ladder, 
  a few weeks ago i would have thought without a shadow of a doubt that the suns would give us a thrashing . 
  right now though i 'm not so sure , could very well be an upset on the cards here, 
  it 's at metricon which certainly works in their favour we are still at the bottom of the ladder . 
  that said , we did look bloody amazing last week, 
  my new [ hamilton khaki king automatic ] ( http://imgur.com/ldbv0eq ) received as a gift for my 18th . 
  could n't be happier although i 'm still tossing up whether or not to get a leather band for it . 
  for me the pass mark is making finals by 2016 . 
  the club did n't bring roos in to continue the cycle of rebuilding outside of the 8 so anything less would be a disappointment in my book . 
  the squad really is n't that bad any more and with all the young guns coming through i think making finals , or at least coming very close to it , in 2016 should be the pass mark for any coach . 
  all it takes is one distraction , one moment 's hesitation to change or end someone 's life and yet people still text while driving or drive drunk . 
  melbourne scoring just 34 against an injury depleted gws has to be one of the worst performances in recent memory . 
  collingwood 's loss was at least somewhat forgivable due to injuries . 
  last game of lenny hayes ' career , i 'd say its far from a guaranteed win . 
  nuggets have a hell of a lot more history than the timberwolves, 
  op stated next decade . 
  i think it 's going to be a lot longer than that before air becomes commercialized . 
  step 1 : be attractive, 
  step 2 : do n't be unattractive, 
  or you could just lower your standards . 
  and likely even if you work for them you hate them . 
  dominique wilkins, 
  when he 's fit he is, 
  no love for the 2011 celtics ? 
  sure , a lot of these players were past their prime but on paper that team was absolutely stacked . 
  rondo, 
  allen, 
  pierce, 
  garnett, 
  shaq, 
  avery bradley, 
  delonte west, 
  jeff green, 
  troy murphy, 
  nate and perkins were on that team for the first half of the season before being traded for jeff green if i recall correctly, 
  anyone else not at all excited for the gf next week ? 
  i honestly think it may be the most boring gf matchup i 've ever seen . 
  robert harvey or mark ricciuto ? 
  one artist i 've been enjoying lately is french hip-hop ? 
  due to speaking next to no french i have absolutely no idea what he 's saying in the lyrics , but the music 's great . 
  here 's some of my favourites :, 
  [ papaoutai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oikj0z_xnjc ), 
  [ alors on danse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhot4n43jk8 ), 
  [ batard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fatfdupij5u ), 
  deep creek national park has a couple of good camping spots and is pretty close to adelaide ( ~ 1.5 hrs south ) . 
  pretty speccy hiking in the area aswell, 
  obviously a long , long way from being a complete game but those graphics have me sold on this one , absolutely stunning . 
  it 's also nice to finally have a medieval game without the fantasy aspect for once . 
  could someone please explain to me why the selectors persist with a 37 year old rogers ? 
  might be the last time we see duncan 's age being less than his minutes played, 
  does anyone know the record for number of ` quarters ' played over a 5 game period ? 
  thanks magic, 
  at what stage do we just blow it up and go for as high a lottery pick as possible ? 
  it 's obvious that this team is never going to be a contender , or even a playoff team for that matter , so why are we sticking with mediocrity ? 
  at the moment i think we should be looking at trading anyone not name nurkic or harris and pushing towards the future because the present sure is n't a pretty sight . 
  just tuned in and saw the stat line , still ca n't believe that we 're up by 32 against the hawks !, 
  is this real ? 
  so nice having gallo back, 
  thoughts on where he might have been over that period ? 
  lectures at 7pm ? 
  surely watch them online, 
  30 point lead at 3 qtr time ? 
  i 'll take it, 
  voges and ahmed have been playing great and all , but at 35 and 33 respectively should we really be giving them their debuts when they 've probably only got a couple of years left in them ? 
  it 's not exactly like we do n't have talented younger players in those positions ( burns/agar/o ` keefe ) or are lacking experience in the squad already with rogers/clarke/watto / johnson/siddle . 
  i 'd much prefer to see younger players get a look in but then i suppose based on form alone that older pair are very deserving . 
  maybe not such an average player as a very average goalscorer , lillian thuram scoring a double in the 1998 world cup semifinal after being a goal down to take them to the final and eventually win the cup . 
  considering they were the only two goals of his international career and that he only scored 13 total in his club career it was a fair effort . 
  i ca n't deal, 
  bloody terrible sequence of umpiring, 
  all i can say is that chris paul better be healthy to face the rockets or it 's going to be such a let down, 
  2012 vermaelen was n't too shabby either, 
  in addition to / u/jazzyjeffery 's question , would those in smaller offices , such as in adelaide , work less hours than those in sydney/melbourne ? 
  are n't you though ? 
  i mean maybe not this season ( although you are currently in the top 4 ) but with this young squad you could easily be premiership contenders again within a couple of years and having a 25 y.o. 
  dangerfield certainly would n't hurt, 
  if they get west and monroe and melo stays healthy that team could have a shot of making playoffs , especially with the way the east is, 
  would you say its worth paying a little more for the raa in comparison to other places ? 
  south eastern suburbs, 
  wait so how does that work with the bulls ? 
  ahh yeah that would make sense, 
  no stats to back it up , but i 'm going nathan van berlo, 
  what degree are you studying ? 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/lwal, 
  can i ask how how got the job auditing an ngo in south sudan ? 
  amazing that not a single player on the list scored 20 or more league goals last season, 
  waitpinga camp ground is pretty great . 
  beautiful beach with great fishing and surfing and only 90 mins from adelaide, 
  that play by walker at the end so set up the cameron goal was unbelievable , what a game !, 
  if shorten wins the next election that 'll be 5 in 5 years, 
  that photo of ghent is awesome !, 
  how did you like it as a city ? 
  not to mention the hoff, 
  how could you possibly rate lee above mcgrath ? 
  surely fabregas has to be in there somewhere ? 
  he was one of the best midfielders in the world when he was at the club, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50zmdej4r4m ), 
  lebron james ?
