  a personal favourite is `` phantoms and friends '' by old man canyon, 
  also sacrilege by the yeah yeah yeahs was pretty great, 
  absolutely . 
  either fire him now and give a new manager time to get used to the squad and bring in the players he wants in january or give mourinho until the end of the season and hope the team can have a dortmundesque turnaround, 
  i love hiking and historical old towns as well as meeting other travellers ( so maybe not staying in small villages ), 
  iverson was n't a star ? 
  or healthy amar ' e stoudemire ? 
  billups was n't too shabby either . 
  does this make the jake carlisle trade one of the worst in afl history ? 
  pick 5 for a guy with drug problems and a 12 month suspension who hasnt had a good season in 2 years ... 
  yeah but tippett did n't have a coke problem hanging over his head going into that 6 month ban . 
  i 'm really worried that if carlisle is n't allowed the train with the squad during that time he 'll come into the 2017 season being barely at the afl standard , let alone a player worth pick 5, 
  fev to make a comeback ? 
  you ca n't really go wrong with salzburg , such a beautiful town with so many great day trips for hiking and exploring, 
  2011 portland has to be one of the biggest what-ifs in nba history . 
  what if greg oden and brandon roy were healthy ? 
  the starting lineup of miller , roy , batum , aldridge and oden would be absolutely unstoppable and then you have a ridiculously deep bench of matthews , crawford , henderson , camby and mills . 
  if fully healthy , that team definitely had potential to be the best in the league . 
  at this point i 'd just about rather us be in the lottery than grab the 8th seed anyway , at least that way we come out of this season with a nice pick rather than some crappy mid-teens pick and a 4-0 first round exit, 
  aaand he 's back over 30ppg, 
  and what , durant and ibaka are holding back westbrook ? 
  [ parson 's beach ] ( http://imgur.com/gz3zwab ) on the fleurieu peninsula , south australia, 
  and [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qekqsxw.jpg ) one from the top of brown hill looking over the city, 
  this kid 's got game , so clutch, 
  most likely 2010-2011 boston celtics vs miami heat which saw shaq o'neal , lebron james , kevin garnett , ray allen , paul pierce , dwyane wade , chris bosh , jermaine o'neal and rajon rondo all play against each other . 
  although i agree i think this is easier said than done , adelaide is n't exactly the most attractive place for international artists to come to and you still want to keep the quality of the festivals high . 
  i think we could look to a city like boston and how they restructured after manufacturing in the us died out . 
  instead of following in the path of detroit/cleveland and the city 's economy crumbling , they focused on education instead [ ( i mean just look at all these colleges ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3ddjj3/university_campuses_in_greater_boston_2200x2010/ ) which in turn helped the city to become the silicon valley of the north-east and the strong economy it has today due to many of the high quality graduates remaining in boston . 
  i think / u/crispkev is on the point in saying that we should be focusing our economy on high tech industry and education rather than trying to prop up a dying manufacturing industry . 
  at the very least we 're playing like a finals side at the moment, 
  there will likely never be a geopolitical situation in which singapore , a country of 719 square kilometres with a population only a little larger than sydney , could ever feasibly invade australia, 
  that was the game that made me fall in love with footy . 
  bias aside i still think it was the best performance by two teams in a single match that the afl has ever seen . 
  anyone got a streamable of that last gresham goal ? 
  surely one of the goals of the year given the timing of it, 
  that 's the one , thanks for the upload / u/trucklawford, 
  he 's definitely proven over his career he can play in virtually any position and still be a top player in the league, 
  i know i 'm a biased saints supporter , but surely steven warrants a mention ? 
  he might 've had a bit of a slow start to the season but there must have been at least 5 or 6 games so far where he 's still been in contention for bog . 
  with the form he 's in i can see him racking up quite a few more votes in the coming rounds , especially with the saints favourable draw for the rest of the season, 
  just a lazy 26 disposals for jack steven at the half, 
  i want the saints to win , but not like this ... 
  pls no more injuries, 
  another 3 votes today , certainly in the hunt, 
  yes but psg and barcelona certainly were n't viable last year , it 's a testament to how far the club has come, 
  not sure where you went in tasmania if you did n't see much wildlife , the place is basically teeming with it, 
  is this the first time a player has ever taken 20 marks and 9 + goals ? 
  beautiful , but tiny . 
  especially compared to the huge one at nearby nuremburg !, 
  i went there last winter and stayed at a hostel type place called chalet martin in a village called gryon down southwest in the french region for a few days and that was really great !, 
  plenty of hiking ( especially if you 're prepared to wear snowshoes ) and other outdoorsy activites that are n't limited to skiing that were right at your doorstep . 
  otherwise , i 'm sure you could n't go wrong with just parking yourself in interlaken and going from there . 
  while you might n't be doing any water-based activities you 'll find that you 'll still be able to go hiking and the scenery around there is absolutely spectacular ( make sure you get to a village called gimmelwald if you stay in interlaken , one of my favourite places on earth ), 
  given the age of fisher , dempster and gilbert , a key back would be nice . 
  any suggestions ? 
  i do n't reckon a car is necessary in switzerland , in fact it might be more of a hindrance !, 
  the public transport is incredible there and some of the best places ( such as murren or gimmelwald ) do n't even have car access . 
  the only reason why i 'd hire a car there is if you were wanting to get to the remotest parts of switzerland because otherwise public transport will service you just as well without the stress of having to drive in the snow . 
  i did amsterdam last december and it was fine . 
  definitely not too cold ( just chuck another layer on if it is ) and in the case of amsterdam , easily walkable . 
  your only concern will be rain but both cities are great even when it is raining with the quality of their museums/cafes etc. 
  also , as far as a city in between , i 've heard gent in belgium is well worth the visit if you were looking for a short stop !, 
  you probably wo n't be doing much outdoorsy stuff during that time of year in central/eastern europe but if you 're fine with sticking to the cities you can still have a great time . 
  i 'd suggest something along the lines of berlin  prague  krakow  budapest  vienna with maybe 4-5 nights in each . 
  while a little chilly , each of those cities are still very visitable in winter and there are no lack of options for partying and exploring in any of them . 
  you 'll also get your share of ` architectural appeal ' in these cities too , particularly in prague/vienna . 
  would you still say it 's a destination best left for better weather or would it still be highly enjoyable in winter ? 
  i 'm heading to spain myself this winter but had written of basque country due to the weather . 
  should i reconsider ? 
  if you do n't want to go to belair up one of those sketchy roads , there 's a sealed bike path that goes from lynton to belair through some bush . 
  not the most direct route but will help you to avoid dangerous roads . 
  i 'd suggest catching the train from the cbd going on the belair line and getting off at lynton and then taking the bike path up from there ( or just catch the train all the way to belair and go from there ) . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.mitchamcouncil.sa.gov.au/page.aspx?u=1511 ) for more details on the bike path, 
  if i was to suggest a route for a day 's riding here 's what i 'd do :, 
  catch the train to belair , ride on the trails in the park through to where saddle hill road meets sheoak road , then ride on sheoak road onto waverly ridge road , from there keep going until you 're nearly into crafers and do a left onto hillcrest ave , keep on following that ( it 'll turn into hawk hill road ) until you get to the end of it where you 'll find the entrance to eagle on the hill mtb park which has a quite a few great tracks . 
  from there , either head down mount barker road into the city ( this is one of the nicest riding roads in the city given hardly any cars go on it and you get a bike path once it turns into the southern expressway ) or if you 're still feeling up to it head across to cleland and ride or walk some of the tracks around mt lofty before riding back to the city . 
  i 'd take belair rd over the old one but they 're both fairly similar really , probably just go with whichever one will be quicker for you, 
  john wall is n't going to bring us a championship . 
  by the time guys like jokic and murray hit their prime , wall 's going to be out of his given his style of play while mudiay will be going into his ( and who knows how that 'll turn out ) . 
  i 'd rather us keep all our key young players and develop them into a championship contender ( ala warriors ) rather than go for a win now attitude which would get us to 5-6 seed and a second round exit at best . 
  all that said , it would be awesome to see a guy with the athleticism of john wall playing for the nuggs so i would n't be overly disappointed if the trade did happen . 
  retro hawks jersey was shafted too at the low 20 's , such a sick top . 
  at the least the nugs were rightfully no . 
  1 , we should never have stopped using that skyline jersey it 's so good . 
  would n't want to be accused of ` blind hate ' would we now . 
  and especially not for the ` oh fuck , unemployment is at 5.7 % ' like it is now . 
  no doubt an interesting and likely necessary idea for the future but in the current competitive , global economy i struggle to see how it can be of a net benefit to australia when automation is still a number of years from drastically increasing unemployment . 
  if you 're planning on going to pamplona already , make sure you go to san sebastian too !, 
  it has a bit of everything , nice beaches , amazing food , good hiking , pretty architecture and slightly cooler weather in july . 
  to be honest i 'd skip madrid and save it for another time . 
  you 're not going to see enough of madrid or san sebastian in a day for it to be worth it and you 'd be spending way too long on trains those last few days . 
  i 'd spend the nights of the 8th and 9th in san sebastian and maybe take a late train back to barcelona on the 10th ( the train generally costs about 35 euros and goes for about 5 hrs from memory ) . 
  this way you get to see san sebastian properly and enjoy it for the town it is . 
  one thing you could consider is going to madrid before pamplona . 
  looking at your dates you have at least 5 days in barcelona currently and while you could easily spend all that time there you 'd have time to go to madrid for a couple of days and get a good feel for it ( and maybe even do a day trip to toledo ! ) . 
  you can then catch a train from madrid to pamplona on the 5th ( i 'm sure it can be done , i find loco2.com to be the best site for spanish trains ) . 
  no matter what you do i 'm sure you 'll enjoy yourself , you just do n't want to be spending too long on trains as i 've made the mistake of doing in the past, 
  black sails gets a lot better . 
  try sticking with it past season 1 , it really ramps up and has become one of the best shows of the past 5 years, 
  yes , edinburgh has a smaller population , but when you factor in that glasgow is just 1 hour away ( same as victor harbour ) and that has a larger population than adelaide , not to mention other cities within close distance , you 're looking at a population that 's close to three times that of adelaide within transit distance .
