  currently on 30 after the questionable decision of putting chamakh on the field payed off . 
  still have 4 to come in bony , soldado ( c ) , hazard and ivanovic . 
  great to see milney have a go at it at the end of his career , nice to give him one last win at the club before retirement . 
  also if roo could improve his kicking he 'd be the best forward in the competition at the moment , still had a great game . 
  i 'm not sure if lyon could take losing another granny , especially a close one, 
  it 's his personal favourite team , just because he prefers walcott it does n't mean he thinks that he 's a better player than bergkamp, 
  do n't remind me about 2004 , that was one we really should have won . . 
  would 've been great to watch from a port fan 's perspective though, 
  surely gws will take a shot at him , would be great for that young squad . 
  melbourne are another club that could use him to add some experience to their young midfield . 
  one other option though could be port adelaide . 
  with dom cassisi most likely retiring at the end of the year its going to be a very inexperienced squad with kane cornes being the only real veteran remaining . 
  it 'd allow cross to have one last shot at a premiership which probably wo n't happen if he goes to gws or melbourne while also giving that port midfield some much needed experience . 
  come on now give them a go , i 'm sure that there 's at least 20 , although i doubt any of them are on the playing squad given their ` clutch ' performances this season, 
  he 's tasmanian , what did you expect ? 
  why the hate for the saints ? 
  fairly well un-biased for each of the teams between 7-12 , mainly dislike gws because of their guernseys ( superficial i know , but does anybody actually like the design ? ), 
  brisbane, 
  port, 
  gold coast, 
  west coast, 
  geelong, 
  richmond, 
  north melbourne, 
  melbourne, 
  western bulldogs, 
  sydney, 
  fremantle, 
  essendon, 
  collingwood, 
  lyon wanting to give milne and kossie one last win i see . . 
  should be a good final game of the season, 
  surely no chance we 'd get both ozil and draxler , but getting either one would be amazing, 
  what a way to finish the season off , even if it is only half a freo side this feels amazing . 
  great to see milne , kossie and blake have that one last win , they deserve it . 
  two players ( steven and montagna ) with 45 + in the single game , not too often that you see that, 
  perhaps we were n't winning trophies but i 'll be damned if that midfield was n't fun to watch, 
  i get the feeling he 's going to be really special next season , he 's had an amazing second half to this season . 
  one cb i 'd love to see at the club is ginter at freiberg . 
  the kid 's going to be a star one day but he 's only 19 so he probably would n't mind so much being 4th choice for the time being and he 'd be a better option than sagna there if we needed him . 
  we were linked to him earlier in the window , i 'd love to see those rumours become true . 
  i think this current squad without any signings has the quality to win the league as evidenced today but the problem is depth . 
  what if giroud went down next match with a 3-month injury , who would we play at striker ? 
  they are n't really who you want as your starting strikers for any period of time . 
  i think signing ozil would be amazing as it not only allows one of our current starters to come off the bench , giving us that much needed depth but also provides us with arguably the best attacking midfielder in the world . 
  i still think we 're one cb and a striker ( does n't have to be a star , just someone who better than sanogo to back up giroud ) short of winning the title though even if we do sign ozil . 
  although do n't see it happening either if that 's the case , it should . 
  this guy is one of the best in the world , arguably top 3 or 4 even , and so long as his wages are under 200k they should n't be a standing point if the club has true ` ambition ' as gazidis says . 
  i 'd be happy with either one honestly, 
  ok this is good , this is really good . 
  time to up ozil to 90 % i think, 
  looks like we 'll never get a nokia phone running android now then, 
  surprised there 's no steve johnson , i know he 's missed a lot of time but he 's been in ripping form when he 's played . 
  great to see jack steven get the nod though , he 's been amazing this second half of the season and it 's nice to see him be recognsed for it, 
  on your point about building a side from the ground up and including a tagger :, 
  if freo were given dangerfield , hodge , hannebery and wells next season , the players that crowley would replace on the aa team , crowley would n't get a single game bar injuries . 
  what coach in their right mind would ever select crowley over a guy like dangerfield or mundy ? 
  no doubt crowley is a good tagger but at the end of the day he just is n't as good a footballer as those other guys and given the choice , a coach would never select crowley over them . 
  he might n't have won a brownlow , a coleman , a norm smith or a premiership but he sure as hell deserves to be there . 
  the way he 's played for and led the saints over the past decade has been remarkable and he 's still one of if not the toughest match up for any defender in the competition . 
  adam goodes ? 
  pity that u/noidenous is n't still around , he did a great job for us over at / r/stkilda, 
  i know its harsh , but i hate seeing young top picks go to melbourne , just because you know that there 's a very good chance that they 'd turn out to be far better players elsewhere . 
  look at trengove , scully and watts . 
  there 's no chance that all three were just dud picks , each one of them were absolute guns coming into the draft that were set to become superstars yet none of them even look close to playing at that level now . 
  i just really do n't want to see tom boyd or whoever else might be the priority pick go to melbourne and waste their career away . 
  they 've got the no . 
  2 pick as it is and they 've had plenty of young guns like viney and hogan who 've come into the club over the last couple of years , the only thing melbourne needs now is experience and leadership , not more high draft picks . 
  roo will have picked up quite a few early on in the season , i reckon it 'll be a tight race between him and steven, 
  perhaps , but i think that we can do better than what north are offering - pick no . 
  26 and luke delaney . 
  dal santo is still in his 20 's and has plenty to offer to the club with all of the youngsters coming in . 
  if we were to trade him off our only veteran midfielder after next season for the youngsters to learn from will be montagna . 
  i 'd personally like to see dal santo retire at the club unless if we can get a better key-back than delaney or a higher draft pick for him . 
  nuggets, 
  clippers, 
  rockets, 
  warriors, 
  torn on the last two , would love to include the heat , cavs and thunder as well but obviously only 5 spots to choose from . 
  he 's going to be great coming off the bench for the nugs , adds some much needed big-man depth, 
  i 'd say the nugs would make the 6th seed in the east behind the heat , knicks , nets , pacers and bulls, 
  seriously ? 
  the tigers are one of the up and coming clubs of the afl at the moment with a massive fan base , do n't understand why he 'd want to leave . 
  that said the saints would gladly take him in , i 'm sure he 'd fit in well . . 
  josh bruce is a good one , 21 y.o. 
  key back with plenty of potential , exactly what the saints need at the moment . 
  i 'd love to see jesse white at the club as well if we could get him for the right price . 
  as you mentioned , would really rather us not trade any early picks . 
  we 've had barely any high draft picks over the past decade and i 'd hate to see them traded away . 
  i thought riewoldt was just as good as cloke this year , but that could just be because i 'm biased, 
  does tom boyd slip down the draft if this happens ? 
  i 'd love to see the saints pick him up but ca n't see melbourne passing on him if this is the case . 
  i think we 'll be fine as the club looks to be heading in the right direction with a long overdue youth policy . 
  we 're still going to be a bottom 6 team for at least 2 to 3 more years but watters is looking like being a ripper of a coach and we 've got plenty of young players coming through . 
  so long as we draft well in the next couple of years i hope we 'll be back in the 8 by 2017 , possibly 2016 even if everything goes to plan . 
  not enough gillette . 
  yes probably , especially for a team like gws who desperately need gun midfielders . 
  if he had the personality of lenny hayes say , i think most clubs would pay the cash required but then obviously his personality is very , very different from hayes ' . 
  ` premierships ', 
  luckily for you guys tippett is n't playing , taking away sydney 's mayne threat up forward and their ability to pearce the docker 's defence .
