  i think you 're supporting the wrong team , nathypoo, 
  at least we did n't lose to fremantle at our home ground !, 
  he did just score a stunner against marseille the other night . 
  he could have had a couple last week as well if his finishing had have been up to par , i see no reason why he could n't slot a couple past begovic on the weekend . 
  could very well be worth a punt . 
  i certainly would n't consider gilbert a star anymore , he has n't been anything more than a squad player since 2010 in my eyes . 
  if we get a decent offer i do n't think we should hesitate to trade him but he can still offer something to the club if he stays . 
  yeah back in '09 he was one of the best defenders in the competition , amazing player . 
  if he could get back the sort of form he had then he 'd be a very useful player for us , especially considering he 's till only 27 . 
  that said with his recent injury i 'm not too sure if we 'll ever see the player he once was again sadly , it 's gon na take a hell of a preseason to get him back on track . 
  the hannebery bet would be a great one if ablett was n't around but gary just had too many great games at the beginning of the season for hannebery to stand a chance . 
  we need someone on the team to become a star this season if we want to finish anything higher than 6th seed . 
  whether that be ty lawson , mcgee , faried , gallo coming back from injury or even potentially evan fournier , at least one of these guys needs to become an all-nba level player over this coming season if we want to get past the first round of the playoffs . 
  not that i have any experience with it but i 'm pretty sure it 's just text based commentary , possibly audio but definitely not video i think . 
  do n't forget russell crowe !, 
  we 'll see after tonight . 
  the ross lyon effect . 
  why would we sack watters ? 
  the club needs stability at times like this , we should n't be sacking a perfectly good coach who has done all that has been asked of him the past couple of seasons . 
  great to see the legend play another season although from his perspective i do n't see the reasoning behind this . 
  he 's got to have one of the most banged up , damaged bodies of just about any footballer in the afl at the moment , he 's turning 32 in less than a month with his best days behind him and he plays on a team that 'll be struggling to make the finals next year , let alone win the premiership . 
  he does n't need the money and one more serious injury and he could end up in a wheelchair by 40 . 
  i guess it just goes to show how much he loves the game and what a true champion to the lions he is . 
  wait , what ? 
  i do n't understand ? 
  what have you done st kilda ? 
  this is n't one of our older players set to retire in a couple of years , this is a 24 year old star who was set to become part of the saints leadership group and lead the club forward over this transition phase . 
  this guy is one of our few young players who can be considered a gun and we 're trading him for pick 17 and savage ? 
  really not liking this trade at all and i do n't see the sense behind it . 
  yeah but that 's toronto, 
  he was in mvp contention for the first half of that season , if he could play in that form the whole of this season he 'd probably be all 1st or at least all 2nd team although obviously his knees will never allow this to happen . 
  it will be nearly impossible to get them to part ways the the no . 
  1 pick without us giving up our no . 
  3 but if we were to somehow pull it off ... 
  tom boyd would be a huge win for the club . 
  riewoldt is starting to age and we do n't have any other consistent goal scoring options , boyd is the kind of player we need to be bringing into the club if we want to be premiership contenders in 4-5 years time . 
  i 'm assuming this is sarcasm ? 
  because if not this is one of the stupidest comments i 've ever seen on this sub . 
  yeah having seen aish play a few times now i agree i would really love to see us pick him up , the kids gon na be a superstar . 
  if we could get both him and boyd it 'd really set us up for the future with no looking back . 
  bar trading pick no . 
  3 , steven or riewoldt ; i think the saints should do everything within their power to get the no . 
  1 pick . 
  if we were to get boyd and aish we 'd have two young stars who 'll be arriving at the club just in time to still learn from veterans like riewoldt , hayes , montagna etc. 
  before they retire and really set us up nicely for the future . 
  is that such a bad thing ? 
  with sylvia gone you guys are really lacking experience in the midfield and with the no . 
  2 pick and hogan coming through next year you really do n't need any more young talent at the club . 
  i think it 'd be a good move by the dees to bring vince into the midfield so long as you do n't have to give up too much to get him . 
  at least they wo n't get homesickness i guess . 
  i hope melbourne do n't pick aish up though , they 've likely already ruined one south australian future star 's career in trengove . 
  both good points . 
  i wonder what will happen at gws if we do n't get boyd , i ca n't see all three of patton , cameron and boyd playing in the forward line at the same time and yet putting any one of the three in the backline would be a complete waste . 
  as far as a player comparison goes i 'd probably liken him to trent cotchin . 
  he 's future captain material for whatever club he goes to and he already has that disposal efficiency about him that you see from players like judd or hayes where you know every time he gets the ball something good is going to happen and theres never a wasted possession . 
  also has a far bit of experience at the sanfl level having already won two premierships with norwood so that 's an added bonus as well . 
  [ geelong vs st kilda , round 14 2009 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50zmdej4r4m ) was without a doubt the best game i have ever seen , i think that even if the saints lost it would still be my favourite . 
  both teams were undefeated at this stage of the season as well so the game was a massive one . 
  got ta give it to the [ 2005 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftzzvkbhqxe ) and [ 2006 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0gvjt85rya ) grand finals as well , two of the most exciting matches i can remember . 
  mvp : chris paul, 
  scoring champ : kevin durant, 
  dpoy : chris paul, 
  finals matchup : heat vs rockets, 
  champions : houston rockets, 
  that 's my nugs , you keep going faried !, 
  just one suggestion that you 've already implemented over at / r/denvernuggets2 is to make the nuggets logo in the top left to link back to / r/denvernuggets and have just the reddit nba logo link back to the front page . 
  otherwise love the layout . 
  i personally think they doggies will stick around at 14 - 15th . 
  the only team that finished above you that i can see finishing below in the next season is the lions or maaaaaybe the suns , outside of them i really ca n't see the doggies doing better than the eagles , crows , roos , blues or power . 
  think it 's going to take one more season of pain before we see any semblance of improvement from this squad , hopefully we 'll be looking at the finals again by 2017 . 
  tony hibbert will score his first ever goal for everton in the last game of the season to seal them 4th spot and a place in the champions league . 
  this would be a great trade if it goes through as it 's essentially dal santo + pick 77 for billy longer + luke delaney . 
  we secure a much needed key defender along with one of the up and coming ruckmen of the afl to pair up with hickey . 
  nice to see the saints handling the loss of a free agent well for once . 
  chris `` birdman '' anderson vs andrew `` bogues '' bogut, 
  the spurs . 
  i love duncan and parker but this san antonio team has been so good for so long , they 're just starting to get boring . 
  they 've won four championships now and they nearly won another last season , i 'd love to see them drop out of the playoffs this season to give a fresh , new team a chance at glory . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  no way gws finish above clubs like west coast , collingwood or carlton this season which they 'll have to if they want make 10th . 
  gws are still in for at least one more bottom 4 finish before they start heading up the ladder . 
  jack steven for sure now that mcevoy has gone . 
  i think that there 's a good chance that the power , crows , blues , bombers and even the eagles all finish above them next season which would put the pies down at 11th . 
  i still rate collingwood but i do n't think they 'll be as good next season as they have been the past few years and the top 10 is extremely competitive at the moment . 
  yes , vs the kings . 
  for the gc fans on here , what do you guys think of him ? 
  that we might finish below gws and/or melbourne . 
  as an adelaide resident it 's great to see the saints playing twice here in the one season , will have to head to a few games next season, 
  jamal crawford vs tim hardaway, 
  crossover heaven, 
  good game kings , you 've got something to really look forward to this season in cousins, 
  did you get to test out the speakers at all ? 
  also , how does the screen compare to its rivals ? 
  i personally bought the white and love the design apart from that pimple on the front , still do n't understand what the designers were thinking with that one . 
  / u/dull _ spark pretty much summed it up . 
  if you 're wanting the cleanest waves head to southport although it can be extremely hit and miss there , best to check the surf report before you go . 
  if you 're into bigger waves boomer beach and knights at port elliot are great but are for more experienced surfers . 
  otherwise middleton is a good spot and goolwa is n't too bad if you 're learning . 
  basically you 're going to have to be heading south for any decent waves as there are n't any on the metro beaches . 
  mcgee is never going to be a top centre .
