  after 10 minutes it realises something is up but thinks nothing of it , maybe its master is just late ? 
  another 10 minutes pass , the puppy 's tail is no longer wagging , in fact its starting to whine and crouch down on its paws as it starts to realise that its anticipation may have been for nothing . 
  a further 5 minutes pass and the puppy leaves its place next to the door , tail between its legs and head down as it wanders aimlessly back to its litter , finally accepting that it is n't going for its morning walk . 
  all the while you 're just sitting there on the couch playing xbox and have n't even given a single thought to your poor , faithful puppy in the prime of its life . 
  i was guilty of making [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/qn5vf/im_not_joinin_no_army/ ) one . 
  dark times . . 
  well at least you know that you do n't have testicular cancer either now, 
  this was the cod that made the franchise . 
  beforehand call of duty was just another fps , neither popular nor unpopular . 
  cod 4 propelled the franchise into the stratosphere and made it one of the largest and most profitable game series going around, 
  for its time doom was an amazing game and is still damn fun to play despite the aging graphics, 
  well that settles that then , only took 2\u00a01/2 years, 
  i think reddit 's hate for the games is more because of the people who play them rather than the actual games themselves, 
  flair up !, 
  oh good lord ... what was everyone 's reaction ? 
  none of those players were ever superstars in the leageue , sure they were good but never more than perennial all-stars . 
  meanwhile every player in op 's list bar maybe o'neal was considered a superstar at some point in their career, 
  i personally ca n't see the giants progressing quite as quickly as gc because of their lack of senior talent but they probably have higher potential due to the gun key position players they have . 
  patton and cameron are going to be monsters in a few years time while gc do n't really have any great young key position players which may hurt them in the years to come . 
  i kind of hope that they never match up together in a grand final , the crowd would be miserable, 
  yeah it 'll be really interesting to see what happens to their attendances when they become top teams in the league , hopefully they increase to the point where they 're selling out home games . 
  i think charlotte are wanting kemba to be their starting pg so barnes would probably have been a better fit . 
  also there was never really any talk of drafting lillard that high while some mock drafts had barnes going to charlotte making it a possible choice . 
  ` jamal , would you kindly paint the fence for me ? ', 
  completely different circumstances . 
  symonds has lived in australia since he was 3 months old , this ahmed guy came over here in his late 20 's . 
  i do n't see how in any way he is australian or should be playing for the australian side when he has lived nearly his entire life in pakistan ( only moved here in 2010 ) . 
  oops misread that , sorry, 
  what do you do when you see a port supporter ? 
  leave centrelink, 
  i 've always wondered what going to a footy match without any home supporters would be like , guess i 'll be finding out on sunday, 
  you have to be in the finals to lose in the finals , but i guess you would n't know much about that, 
  any of the rapist/underage girls sledges , they 're getting really old and repetitive, 
  lebron must be having some serious deja vu from his cleveland days right now, 
  also having fellow spanish speakers in cazorla and monreal would help arsenal 's cause and i think wenger may speak it as well . 
  meanwhile tottenham do n't have a single spanish speaking player . 
  there are many more plus points for arsenal than just champions league football . 
  they are one of the largest clubs in the world ( which the spurs are most definitely not ) with a great pitch and stadium ( compared to white heart lane which is more of a championship teams stadium than a top club 's home ground ) . 
  arsenal have a considerably better team than the spurs if spurs lose bale which they will if they get higuain . 
  arsenal has a far better midfield to provide higuain with opportunites compared with the spurs ( wilshere , cazorla , arteta , rosicky etc. 
  vs dempsey , parker and dembele , no competition really ), 
  in all honesty there is n't a single thing that the spurs have going for them over arsenal, 
   yes !, 
  brilliant !, 
  i was just fooling around with css on this subreddit to see if i could make any upgrades to / r/stkilda layout but it seems that you and the other mods have made the layout far better than i could ever hope to, 
  i 'm hoping for at least one more big upset of a team 8 team this season , just to give the boys some confidence knowing that they can still beat a quality side . 
  i 'll try and find a way to make a good banner for the subreddit , i 'll message you if i come up with anything, 
  my favourite was 2k10 , mainly because of all the blacktop game modes that it had which no other game has had to date . 
  i 'm not surprised lyon left , he knew what a hole he 'd left the club in with poor recruiting over the past 5 years and that we most likely would n't be recovering anytime soon . 
  hopefully some of our current young players can break out over the next couple of years because if they do n't we 're in serious trouble when dal santo , hayes , riewoldt etc. 
  retire in the two or three years . 
  well at least the cameramen wo n't have to worry about the crowd getting in the way when they 're going for the daw on dawes shot, 
  this sledge is nearly as bad as melbourne 's current percentage, 
  bosh seriously needs to stop taking 3 's, 
  no way dortmund sells gundogan , would love him at the club but i ca n't see him leaving dortmund at all . 
  she 's bad , but there are others that are most certainly worse, 
  it 'd be a real confidence booster if the boys got a win today . 
  go you saints !, 
  i hate those people who before every test are like `` i 'm going to do horribly in this test , i 'll be lucky to pass '' and yet they get an a every time . 
  skip bayless will be creaming his pants at the thought that both neal and green outscored lebron, 
  if they keep it up who know 's they 've got to have a fair chance . 
  who would 've guess a couple of years ago that danny green would be contending for finals mvp ? 
  game of the round ? 
  my guess is hawthorn pull away in the 4th and win 3 goals, 
  only possible way i can see it is if both gary and jobe miss most of the rest of the season , which is very unlikely . 
  fair chance he could come 3rd though . 
  arrrrgghhh why did they have to do it this week ? 
  could n't the melbourne board do something right for once ? 
  i still think we should win by 50 + but annoying that the sacking was this week . 
  this is n't good at all , it 's rare for the police to re-open a case from this long ago on a high profile person unless if they have substantial evidence against him and are confident that he is guilty . 
  not looking good for milney at all ... 
  far out , if there 's no new evidence how is there any grounds for them reopening the case ? 
  they must have really , really messed it up the first time or as you said this is just a witch hunt, 
  definitely milne . 
  also kossie , blake , maister and maybe hayes, 
  actually that 's a fair point , i always thought maister was in his 30 's and after his recent injury this may be his last season but he 's only 27 so you 're right , he probably will stay on . 
  melbourne give the saints a scare , leading at half time . 
  saints pull away in the third and finish the game up by 5 goals . 
  or at least that 's what i hope happens . . 
  definitely a couple of young midfielders . 
  i 'm really hoping for james aish from norwood , the kid is a gun . 
  i think i 'm going to stay out of this one this week ... 
  looks like milney is going to need some money for a top lawyer to get him out of this mess , maybe he can borrow some from buddy after he 's moved to gws, 
  ** 2013 nba finals mvp manu ginobli for the miami heat **, 
  i think there 's no doubt that garry ablett is the most valuable player in the afl at the moment . 
  the effort and results he produces week-in week-out for the suns is incredible . 
  obviously roughhead is having a great year and is one of the best and most valuable players in the league but i would n't say he 's anywhere near as valuable to his team as ablett is to the suns . 
  saints better bloody win this and by a fair margin . 
  anything less than a 5 goal win is disappointing considering melbourne 's current state, 
  kossie needs to put in a big effort today with maister out , especially if he wants to stay in the side once hickey comes back . 
  should be a good game . 
  you guys would have to be a bit worried playing them next week at aami , the home crowd is going to be really fired up, 
  bad . 
  bad vinny . 
  the next season of vikings . 
  for those who have n't seen the first season , watch it . 
  in my opinion it rivals game of thrones as the best show on television at the moment . 
  a day as a malnourished african child in extreme poverty would change everyone 's outlook on poverty and maybe something would finally be done about it . 
  i 've got a really bad feeling that melbourne may have been our last win for the season : /, 
  tigers saints games nearly always turn out to be rippers , even when one team is doing poorly .
