  in regards to your statement about adelaide being the equivalent of the us 's 8th largest city , do you really think adelaide is bigger than cities like dallas or boston ? 
  adelaide 's population of 1.3 m is factoring in the metropolitan area . 
  if you were to do the same for us cities , adelaide would [ sit down at 42nd . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_metropolitan_statistical_areas ), 
  i do n't know your budget but my favourite place in europe for outdoors without a car is switzerland . 
  you can easily access 100 's of good hiking/mountain biking areas by public transport and it 's some of the most spectacular scenery the world has to offer . 
  if you were to base yourself at a hostel in lauterbrunnen or interlaken you could probably do it fairly cheaply . 
  i once stayed at a hostel called chalet martin in gryon in the french-speaking area . 
  it was about $ 30 - $ 40 p/night and had a kitchen to save money and had some incredible hiking at your doorstep so this might be the king of thing you 're looking for !, 
  [ this was the view i had from the balcony of the hostel ] ( http://i.imgur.com/blhyehc.png ), 
  five grand finals , an aa appearance and one of the best intercept markers in the competition . 
  sad to see him not get a final game when he 's been consistently one of our best players over the last five or six years, 
  out of curiosity , which teams do have the biggest supporter bases in tasmania then ? 
  richmond tend to lose the game off their own boot , that dixon play on was just shoddy umpiring, 
  no way would i take millsap over love . 
  people are forgetting millsap is 32 now , he could drop of massively anytime over the next couple of years ( and likely well before jokic/murray hit their prime ) . 
  people are also forgetting that just 3 years ago love was averaging 26/13 at the twolves when he was the main guy and a top 10 player in the league , and given he 's still 28 there 's definitely a chance he 'll get back to that level . 
  i know love 's defence is n't great , but i think he 'd be a much better player for us ( who 's 4 years younger ), 
  salzburg and on to lake konigsee could work in a day trip , get a nice combination of outdoors and city, 
  crows fans , how much better is crouch than sloane ? 
  i 'd assumed sloane was a lock for aa but maybe i 'm basing that off how he was playing last year, 
  taylor walker and jack steven are two current guns to have never made it , in the past peter burgoyne was one of the better players to not have made one, 
   he 's definitely a league ahead of hayden, 
  said very much like someone who never saw hayden in his heydey, 
  a pakistani who had recently moved to england had been feeling extremely ill for a week and so decided to visit the doctor . 
  the doctor asked what was wrong with him and the pakistani complained of a terrible headache and sickness . 
  upon hearing this the doctor told him to get a bucket at home and fill it with fish , human faeces and milk and leave it out in the sun for a couple of days before putting it next to his bed as he slept at night and taking it everywhere with him . 
  astounded , the pakistani left and did what he was told despite being surprised that he should do such a thing . 
  three days later the pakistani returned to the doctor `` it 's a miracle ! '', 
  he exclaimed `` i got better overnight !, 
  how could have it worked ? '', 
  to which the doctor replied `` it was simple , you were homesick . '', 
  a young man shopping in a supermarket noticed a little old lady following him around . 
  if he stopped , she stopped . 
  furthermore she kept staring at him . 
  she finally overtook him at the checkout , and she turned to him and said , `` i hope i have n't made you feel ill at ease ; it 's just that you look so much like my late son . '', 
  he answered , `` that 's okay . '', 
  she then said , `` i know it 's silly , but if you 'd call out ` good bye , mum ' as i leave the store , it would make me feel so happy . '', 
  she then went through the checkout , and as she was on her way out of the store , the man called out , `` goodbye , mum . '', 
  the little old lady waved and smiled back at him . . 
  pleased that he had brought a little sunshine into someone 's day , he went to pay for his groceries . 
  `` that comes to $ 137.85 , '' said the clerk . . 
  `` how come so much ? 
  i only bought 5 items . '', 
  the clerk replied , `` yeah , but your mother said you 'd be paying for her things , too . '', 
  i do n't know if this is a repost but here goes : a man who lives in the country rides on his horse into the city on monday , spends two days there and returns on friday . 
  how is this possible ? 
  note : the amount of time taken to get to the city from the country and vice verse is of no concern . 
  will he be a good buy for 5m and will he start villa ? 
  personally i think at 7.5 he 's a steal so long as he can get more minutes on the pitch than last year . 
  i 'm planning on trading out torres this week , should i get suarez ( and be left with 1m in the bank ) or get lambert ( and have 4.2 m left in the bank ) ? 
  the husband picks up a case of fosters and puts it in their trolley . 
  ` what do you think you 're doing ? ', 
  asks the wife . 
  ` they 're on sale , only $ 40 for 24 cans ' he replies . 
  ` put them back , we ca n't afford them ' demands the wife , and so they carry on shopping . 
  a few aisles further on along the woman picks up a $ 80 jar of face cream and puts it in the basket . 
  what do you think you 're doing ? ', 
  asks the husband . 
  ` it 's my face cream . 
  it makes me look beautiful , ' replies the wife . 
  her husband retorts :, 
  ` so does 24 cans of fosters , and it 's half the price . ', 
  fill out in this format :, 
  all-nba 1st team :, 
  all-nba 2nd team :, 
  all-nba 3rd team :, 
  today i was given a physics assignment worth 40 % of my final grade for physics and the assignment can be on anything that i want so long as it relates to physics e.g. 
  what is the effect of radiation on a humans health or how do noise canceling earphones work ? 
  the assignment goes for 10 weeks but my findings have to fit into a 1000 word essay so preferably nothing ** too ** broad or in-depth . 
  what would you guys suggest is something helpful and/or useful that i could study for the assignment ? 
  how is reading on the nexus 7 ? 
  is the screen easy on the eyes ? 
  i 'm looking for a tablet primarily for reading but also for the occasional brwosing of the internet/music and i was wondering how the nexus 's screen stacks up to the competition ? 
  she gets in and crosses her legs , forcing her gown to reveal a leg and nearly causing the priest to have an accident . 
  after controlling the car , he stealthily slid his hand up her leg . 
  the nun said , '' father , remember psalm 129 ? '', 
  the priest removed his hand . 
  but , changing gears , he let his hand slide up her leg again . 
  the nun once again said , `` father , remember psalm 129 ? '', 
  the priest apologized `` sorry sister but the flesh is weak . '' arriving at the convent , the nun went on her way . 
  on his arrival at the church , the priest rushed to look up psalm 129 . 
  it said , `` go forth and seek , further up , you will find glory . '', 
  moral of the story : if you are not well informed in your job , you might miss a great opportunity, 
  you guys know what to do, 
  congratulations of finding this subreddit !, 
  after seeing the discussion in / r/afl about what your team would be willing to give up for the no . 
  1 draft pick this year which the gws giants are looking to trade , what do you guys reckon the saints would be willing to give up for the pick ? 
  what do you guys think about the new tottenham midfielder at 7m ? 
  my personal favourite was beating carlton on the monday night early in the season , what were your favourite moments ? 
  i 'm trying to generate 100 random numbers between 0 and 3 with a mean of 0.5 , how would i go about this ? 
  hypothetical trade , just wanted to see what you guys thought ? 
  this has always seemed completely unsanitary to me, 
  i am coming to the end of a european backpacking trip and currently find myself in trieste . 
  i fly home from milan on the 10th of january and have 9 free days where i 'm not sure what to do . 
  for those who have travelled before in northern italy and the surrounding area , what would you suggest i do with my time ? 
  just keep in mind that i 'm travelling by myself and wo n't have access to a car, 
  thanks in advance, 
  pick 5 for a guy with a 12 month suspension and a coke and attitude problem who had half a good season in 2013, 
  hawthorn win by 3,
