  dublin is and always was more expensive than the rest of the country . 
  it was probably a spam filter that caused it . 
  if those hundreds of thousands ( and that was from just one email address ) of emails were all identical or at least very similar then i would n't be surprised if a spam filter blocked them . 
  you 'll never beat the irish !, 
  the digg vs reddit one is funny . 
  i did n't think chrome would be that popular . 
  does this include mobile browsers , if so that would explain the dominance of it thanks to android . 
  it would make sense for japan to consider this . 
  the fta with south korea could really hurt them in the long run . 
  south korean electronics companies like samsung and lg will have an advantage over their japanese competitors . 
  it 's not like they have n't captured a huge chunk of the market already . 
  the figures he uses do n't show the whole cost of the bailouts . 
  he even admits this in the article when he says ours does n't count the money taken from nprf . 
  ours actually cost more than $ 60b when you take that into account . 
  it 's the same for other countries too . 
  germany has put in hundreds of billions into their banks . 
  hypo real estate cost the germans over $ 100b alone . 
  britain 's bailout has cost them over # 100b . 
  our bailout has cost us a lot and as a proportion of gdp it is probably higher than other eu countries but it is n't any where near as bad as taft makes it out to be and it certainly is n't 40 % of the total cost of eu bailouts . 
  as the old saying goes , there are lies , damned lies and statistics . 
  taft is just taking the figures from the eurostat reports that make our bailout look significantly worse than other eu countries when it is not the case . 
  edit : here is a much better critique of taft 's article than i could ever give . 
  it shows a more accurate picture of the bailout figures . 
  hardwareversand.de you can add all the components to your cart and for a small fee , they can put it together for you . 
  never used them myself but i know others who did . 
  i do n't think it 's mandated here but it 's the same in ireland . 
  you can use any atm without incurring an extra charge . 
  i was surprised when i was visiting a friend in the uk and he had to go to a specific atm to avoid getting charged extra . 
  it 's the same here . 
  if the company goes bankrupt then i think you 'll be considered a creditor and may get something back but you 'll be the last in line so chances are you 'll get nothing or very little . 
  no risk of that with credit cards . 
  you really should . 
  i set up a direct debit so that the full amount comes out every month . 
  i have n't paid a cent of interest since i got it . 
  it 's rare enough for even irish sites to accept laser . 
  thankfully , it 's being phased out . 
  most are using visa debit instead so , if you ever come back you 'll be fine . 
  i do n't know about elsewhere but here in ireland there are other benefits to credit cards . 
  buying something on a credit card is legally considered taking out a loan . 
  if you buy something and do n't receive it ( the site was a scam or the company went out of business ) then your credit card company has to refund you even if they ca n't get the money back from the seller . 
  this has worked well for people who paid for a deposit or gift voucher from a company that ended up going out of business . 
  you do n't get that level of protection from debit card , bank transfer or cash . 
  is bank transfer as a payment method common across the eu . 
  i buy a lot online , mainly from irish and uk sites , and i 've never seen bank transfer as an option for payment . 
  i know it 's more common in germany ( apparently huge on ebay there ) . 
  tbh , i still prefer credit card and the various legal protections it offers over bank transfers . 
  i 'm from ireland and we 've had a pretty big influx of people over the years . 
  the last census ( done in 2011 ) shows about 1 in 6 people living here were born abroad . 
  the largest group would more than likely be polish from my anecdotal evidence . 
  there has n't been a huge impact . 
  some polish shops have sprung up , you hear some different languages and accents about but nothing major . 
  biggest pluses from me are that i now celebrate fat thursday ( a great holiday which is celebrated by the eating of many donuts , us irish should have adopted it ages ago ) and the weird combination of eastern european and regional irish accent . 
  i feel sorry for those poor guys , still funny to hear though . 
  i knew fox news were bad but i did n't think they were that bad . 
  i did n't think it was satirical , i was being sarcastic . 
  calling it a very poorly researched article is probably an understatement . 
  have you read the article ? 
  if you do you 'll realise it 's a satirical joke similar to the onion . 
  it is a joke right ? 
  surely , no journalist would seriously write muck like that . 
  the us is far more consolidated than the eu is but even there they have massive differences in corporation law and taxes between states . 
  delaware for example has 0 % tax on profits earned outside of the state and has more companies registered there than people . 
  tax harmonisation in the eu will be extremely difficult and if it ever does come in , it will take a long time . 
  i never knew the vikings had a space program . 
  not bad going considering it was 1,000 years ago . 
  i 'm not religious so no , i did n't go . 
  i know loads of people who only go to mass at christmas . 
  it would be fairly common here in ireland . 
  you also have prsi and usc in ireland which means that for everything you earn over $ 32,000 the state gets 52 % . 
  we have plenty of snakes here , sure just look at our politicians . 
  it 's used a but in ireland too . 
  one of our politicians brought it up in the dail and pronounced it amazey balls hence the joke . 
  yeah , the way people go on about it you 'd swear there were 10 or 20 times that amount on it . 
  pronounced amazey-balls i assume . 
  the figures are n't being massaged . 
  there are schemes like jobsbridge etc. 
  that do n't count towards our unemployment figures but the numbers on them is relatively small . 
  there are only about 5,000 people on jobsbridge which sounds like a lot but when there are 200,000 on the live register . 
  even if those 5,000 were put back on the live register figures it would increase the unemployment rate by a fraction of a percentage point . 
  also , the amount of people on jobsbridge schemes have stayed more or less static so they could n't be responsible for the decrease in the unemployment rate . 
  the number of people in employment and full time employment have been increasing while the unemployment rate has been increase so the figures are pretty legit . 
  what 's wrong with our weather . 
  those 4 hours of summer we get every year are amazing . 
  we 're not on it . 
  ours peaked at about 15 % back in 2012 and , thankfully , it has steadily decreased since then . 
  it 's currently about 9.7 ish % and still decreasing . 
  ah sure why would you bother doing that . 
  sure , it 'll be grand . 
  here 's one from dublin which is even worse . 
  they actually did something similar in my town a few years back . 
  instead of making proper cycle lanes they just painted lines on the side of the road eating into the car lanes . 
  the car lanes are so narrow that an average sized car does n't actually fit into them . 
  even if you only drive you benefit if it encourages people to cycle as it will reduce congestion . 
  the problem is that if you want to make android devices and have them installed with google apps like gmail , maps , youtube etc you must not make any other devices that use a forked android os that is n't android compatible . 
  so because amazon make devices that run a forked version of android that does n't use google play services , amazon ca n't make a device that does use google play service . 
  this also means that the likes of samsung , htc , lg , asus etc ca n't create a device running cyanogen or fire os without losing access to have those google apps installed on their android os phones . 
  they 're essentially locked in to android and google play services and it makes it harder for os 's like cyanogen and fireos to gain traction in the market . 
  iceland is green and greenland is icey . 
  think someone mixed up the names there . 
  people hold off buying new tv 's all the time .
