plenty of people outside of dublin can get fast broadband . 
  upc have speeds of up to 200mbps available in some places outside of dublin . 
  eircom 's e-fibre is available in even more places and gives speeds of up to 100mbps . 
  http://www.netindex.com/download/2,49/ireland/ if you look at the actuall data for ireland , there are plenty of places that get better speeds than dublin including bray , waterford , dungarvin and athlone . 
  on another note , i actually think speedtest results are a terrible way to judge an area/country 's internet speed . 
  most people i know only use speedtest when they suspect there is something wrong with their connection and they are n't getting the full speed . 
  plus , you 're limited by the server you 're connecting too . 
  the sligo server used to be hosted by fastcom ( could still be for all i know ) and it was rubbish . 
  no matter how fast your connection was the sligo server would max out at just over 2mbps . 
  every time i see the irish rate it 's getting lower and lower . 
  12 % is still way too high for us but it 's a damn sight better than about 18 months ago when it was near 15 % and increasing . 
  those were scary times . 
  but there are still more people in employment than there were a year ago so emigration is n't solely responsible for the decrease in the unemployment rate like ecumenicalmatter suggests . 
  actually , the number of people employed increased by thousands . 
  could they not just pull an apple and use designed in ? 
  online banking has gotten a lot better her over the past few years . 
  not everyone uses it but the main banks have it and it 's pretty good . 
  we even have mobile apps for it as well which is handy . 
  unfortunately , they 're still pretty widely used here in ireland . 
  they are dying out . 
  for some reasons small businesses are crazy about them . 
  that would n't really work as it would cost a fortune for people to ring/text you as you are using a foreign number and vice versa . 
  also , most prepay operators have deals when you top up that give you free calls/texts/data so it 's not that big of a deal . 
  the funny thing is here in ireland , our prepay rates are so expensive it costs more to send a text or call a mobile in ireland than it would roaming in another eu country . 
  an example i done up on another site when these roaming rates were released . 
  no country has landed a human on mars yet the martian rovers have given us a wealth of knowledge about mars and allowed us to carry out all sorts of experiments . 
  unmanned landings are incredibly beneficial for scientific discovery . 
  regardless of the usefulness of unmanned landings , you incorrectly said that no other country had conducted a moon landing . 
  you 're forgetting ussr , china , japan , india and europe ( esa ) . 
  just so you know , there are manned and unmanned landings . 
  thankfully , ireland is bringing in laws to protect whistleblowers . 
  another for ireland would be the [ sunday business post ] ( http://www.businesspost.ie/ ) . 
  no requirement for id here in ireland . 
  ireland joined the eu 40 years ago . 
  even given the economic downturn we are in a far better position now than we were back then . 
  ireland is rated higher than most of the world including germany and the netherlands . 
  the plural of euro is euro not euros . 
  i 've heard people call the euro a yoyo here but not very often . 
  quid , fiver , tenner are still widely used . 
  you should have seen the cover they wanted to do . 
  it was n't a glove , believe me !, 
  hopefully , ireland can get a few games to its name over the next few years as we start to develop the industry here . 
  at least we have havok as our claim to fame in the industry to date . 
  i work in an electronics retailer in ireland and i 've seen plenty of them . 
  it 's been a long time since i used one but saying that i never really use cash now , generally just use my cards for everything but small transactions . 
  it 's makes the words `` they 're not gon na get us '' sound somewhat sinister . 
  the reason people say companies like apple , google , etc. 
  do n't pay the 12.5 % corporation tax rate is because the people reporting this , use the wrong figures . 
  they take the companies ' tax figures and then divide it by its revenue . 
  this is inaccurate and misleading . 
  companies do n't pay corporation tax on revenue , they pay it on profits . 
  the reason they pay so little compared to their revenue is that they use things like the double irish , dutch sandwich method to move most of their profits abroad . 
  i 'm not an expert on this but i 'll explain what i know . 
  basically you create two companies in ireland . 
  for example , almightycushion ireland and almightycushion holdings ireland . 
  all your ip gets moved to almightycushion holdings ireland and you then move that company to somewhere like bermuda or the cayman islands . 
  you then have to create a company in the netherlands . 
  you have the move the money from ireland to the netherlands and then on to bermuda ( or wherever your holding company is ) . 
  the reason you do it this way is that ireland will charge tax on paying royalties to places like bermuda and the cayman islands whereas we do n't for paying royalties to other eu countries ( we probably do n't tax it for countries like us , canada etc either but i do n't know ) . 
  unlike ireland , the netherlands do n't tax a company on moving profits to countries like bermuda etc. 
  also , our corporation tax does n't really come into it . 
  these companies move most of their profits to places like bermuda . 
  if our corporation tax was 100 % this would n't change , they 'd still be able to move most of their profits overseas . 
  it seems that in france you use the word race like we use the word species . 
  to use the word species here ( and in most english speaking countries i 'd imagine ) to refer to a person of another race would be considered to be very racist . 
  surely , the french have words for things like white people , black people , asians , latinos etc. 
  i imagine a significant amount of people under 25 , whether they be christian , muslim etc , have very little interest in their religion and at best pay it lip service by `` celebrating '' the major events . 
  be ireland . 
  although , that has n't worked for us in close to 20 years . 
  might need to change tactics . 
  is n't this because the dutch do mortgages a little differently than the rest of us . 
  there they do n't pay down the capital on their mortgage , instead they pay it into a savings account . 
  so , if a dutch person has a $ 250,000 mortgage over 25 years , they will stay owe $ 250,000 over the life of the mortgage even after 24 years and 11 months . 
  they will have a significant amount saved up though . 
  whereas in the us , uk and ireland ( maybe other countries , i 'm not certain ) , we slowly reduce the amount of debt we owe over the life of the mortgage . 
  if importing from an eu country you wo n't pay vat but you will pay vrt . 
  this will add up to a lot . 
  best to check how much on the revenue website . 
  i do n't think this is that difficult . 
  the abortion issue is far more problematic and contentious right now and has over shadowed gay marriage . 
  it 's just taking time . 
  i expect it will get through fine . 
  only a small minority seem to oppose it . 
  completely agree . 
  there need to be safe guards put in place to prevent it being abused or people being manipulated or pressured into it but it still needs to change . 
  it 's a pity more people here in ireland do n't know more about iceland 's current situation . 
  people just point at their growth rate and rant about how great they are doing and how things here are so bad . 
  relatively speaking , things are probably better here . 
  i did n't realise that was the article , just assumed it was his opinion on it . 
  that works a treat . 
  must remember that for the future . 
  cheers . 
  i ca n't read the article because it 's asking me to subscribe . 
  i can only see the sub heading . 
  but going by that , this is n't really ground breaking news . 
  this happens in every country . 
  you have areas that have higher costs than others . 
  it 's the same in the uk or the us . 
  your pound will go a lot further in a small town in the uk than it will in the heart of london . 
  it 's the same in ireland now and before we entered the euro .
