  imagine white trash , romanian style . 
  anyhow , my point is that i read an anecdote from a cop that was about to be stationed in a vaslui village , he recalls many families offering him a bed in their house and some even tried to convince him to pick them by arguing that `` they have a daughter '' . 
  so they were ready to prostitute their daughter for the perceived privileges of having the bucharest cop living with them . 
  this would be a lot less controversial if it was an all-around ban on covering your face and not a ban for a certain religious garment . 
  thos would just make muslims feel targeted and gives propaganda fuel for radical muslim groups . 
  i 'm afraid that i must disagree - these so-called `` protests '' by blm do have an effect on people . 
  humans in general do n't have the will or patience to dissect every event they encounter and find the absolute truth about it . 
  they just take things at face value until they actually become interested in particular subjects . 
  and even then they might read biased information about it , not necessarily the truth . 
  with this in mind , if these blm attention whores start popping up in the uk and/or europe pretending that they are experiencing racism and getting free press , guess what will happen ? 
  they will project the image that black people are oppressed in the uk to the ordinary citizen . 
  i 'm from eastern europe , i have people on my facebook friendlist which i 'm absolutely certain that they have n't even actually met a black person in their lives . 
  and they share blm material , because it feels like a good thing to do and probably makes them feel like they are helping other people overcome oppression and discrimination . 
  as a free-market advocate even i have to agree that as far as communist dictators are concerned ceau\u0219escu was one of the more well-intended ones . 
  but , you know , torturing and murdering people who disagree with you does stir a stronger emotion in me than helping to semi-civilize peasants . 
  were n't his supporters the older generations ? 
  i love the idea of encouraging people and especially entities to stop wasting so much food . 
  however , i am concerned that instead of governments doing just that : * encouraging * slashing food waste for example by providing economic support to build a distribution infrastructure in order to incentivize corporations to actually want out of their own free will to help feed people , they just do the only thing government knows how to do : metaphorically put the gun to your head and forcing you to be good or else . 
  there are mentally ill people that are christian , atheist , jewish , agnostic , deists , buddhists , etc. 
  this particular type of mental illness which makes you want to murder multiple innocent people in a short period of time seems to affect primarily adherents to the muslim faith around europe . 
  good . 
  there must be consequences . 
  otherwise there 's no lesson to be learned . 
  it 's kind of like this : if he mother wants the child , it 's a human being with full rights - if you kill it , you will be prosecuted for murder . 
  if she does n't want the child , it 's a fetus with no legal protection . 
  the only thing which makes a difference if a fetus is a person or not is if the mother recognizes it as such . 
  so when will merkel be held accountable for these crimes ? 
  a more comparable comparison would be austria and germany reuniting rather than e and w germany reuniting . 
  half of century under soviet rule and brainwashing has rendered moldovans with much less cultural similarity than we like to admit , just enough for most moldovans not to consider themselves romanians . 
  it would also drag us down economically and in the fight against corruption . 
  while that 's true so is the cypriot situation a conflict and they joined nevertheless . 
  it would be a foolish move even if completely consentual between both parties . 
  it 's a fun thought romanians and some moldovans entertain from time to time but it 's not going to happen . 
  you can usually spot a few russian expats in old town . 
  well , they do but where there 's an actual civilian demand for guns and a specifically-made infrastructure for smuggling drugs which can be used just as well for guns and the cartels operating those smuggling routes have decades of experience of bypassing the border . 
  whenever a headline uses the word `` may '' i always mentally add at the end of it `` but most likely wo n't '', 
  in my analogy all religious people = all minorities . 
  all * people * would also include irreligious people !, 
  i am right , you are wrong as i just demonstrated . 
  yet the wrong but mass emotionally-appealing comment gets upvoted and the right one gets down voted . 
  redditors and logical skills eh . 
  because that would imply that all persons are religious which is most definitely not the case . 
  it was a valid analogy but reddit loves to process stuff through feels way too much . 
   but is n't that already the case though ? 
  the school states that they do n't believe education and religion can go together and have banned all form of praying during school hours . 
  i do n't think they discriminate against any religion or culture , because no religion gets an exception . 
  they all get treated equally . 
  so if we ban , for the sake of argument all minorities from attending school then it is n't discrimination because we banned all of them , not just a few ? 
  train them for different , modern jobs . 
  surely there will still be easy jobs to do within this generation of workers that will still require humans . 
  yeah , mcdonald 's may replace servers with machines but i do n't see machines painting your walls yet . 
  i do n't see machines fixing pipes yet . 
  give welfare only if they are incapable for whatever reason ( age , disease , handicap ) to get a still-useful job . 
  or simply allow them to retire earlier . 
  these solutions are just off the top of my head and i 'm in no way a hr expert . 
  surely the response to your question ca n't be only the solution `` give everyone money for breathing ! '', 
   the people will spent that money on goods in their respective economy . 
  how do you guarantee that the taxpayer money will be funneled back into the economy and not into drugs or gambling , for instance ? 
  i know i worked my ass off to earn a semi-decent living since i have n't really studied in my youth so i started as a construction worker and now i 'm still just an electromechanical technician but i 'm still proud of it , considering that i started out by carrying bags of sand and breaking concrete for 220 euro a month . 
  with that in mind , since i saw first-hand that with real hard work you can make a living for yourself even if you start from the bottom , i hope you can understand how i 'd feel if my worked money would be taken from me to end up injected into some addict 's arm . 
   someone receiving the ubi will not be able to buy the last iphone or go to nice vacations , it will just cover the basic needs . 
  as i said , if that was the case then there would n't be minimum wage workers past the age of 22 . 
  but believe it or not , many people do get complacent with a small income . 
  many , not some . 
  and with ubi , they 'll get complacent while not contributing anything to society , just leeching . 
  we both hate russia . 
  even if money could be created out of thin air to finance it , imagine how it would lower people 's incentive to study and work . 
  some people say that `` it 's just a basic income , people will still want to work and self-improve '' , maybe some , however if that was the case then we would n't have fast-food workers past the age of 22 any more . 
  i too love the idea of sitting on my ass and getting money , but that wo n't keep me from analyzing the ramifications and seeing how it would be a really bad idea . 
  in my country everyone would come to `` save '' them from the water because apparently water or a gentle breeze infect you with the influenza virus . 
  ( except when they 're at the sea-side , then your body magically generates a shield against the dangers of the breeze and coldish water ) . 
   it is fair to pay more would it really be fair ? 
  here 's a thought experiment , suppose you 're going to the supermarket to buy milk . 
  the price for one bottle is 3 euro normally . 
  but today , something odd is going on in the supermarket , all prices seem to have the '' ~ '' symbol in front of them . 
  you make your way to the cashier where coincidentally , the two people in front of you have also come to buy the same kind of milk bottle you bought . 
  the cashier scans the milk bottle of the first customer , then asks 2 euro payment . 
  then comes the second customer , who is asked for 3 euro payment . 
  when your turn comes up and your bottle is scanned , the cashier asks you for 4 euros for the milk . 
  you ask the cashier why they ask for different amounts of money from different people for the same product , the cashier answers that they have installed a new pricing system where the product 's final prices is decided by your income . 
  would you still consider it `` fair '' to pay more for the same product or services simply because you 're successful economically ? 
  do you voluntarily implement this same idea in your day to day life ? 
  for example , do you pay more for a product or service simply because you know you have it better than poorer people who use the same product or service ? 
  this idea is n't present here because everyone knows you can make tons of money in western europe being an engineer and nowadays you can find decent jobs in the country as well . 
  tell one of those old ladies with scarves that you 're an engineer , a doctor or a programmer and they throw their granddaughters at you . 
  damn , should have thought about that aspect and blur that out , oh well , np . 
  yup , usually i would read with skepticism replies which implied that certain leaders are trying to specifically provoke reactions from the far right , but this is really obvious that he 's trying to push their buttons and make some drunk skinheads beat a couple of turks . 
  hint for him : if he really wants to piss them off , specify that the turks need to impregnate european women . 
  i would lie to myself to think that raising other pets would be a form of repentance , i did something hideous against my conscience , raising and feeding 1000 pets wo n't turn time back so that the cat did n't cross my path that day . 
  with that said , i 've raised a dog , [ boxy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rrecheb.jpg ) . 
  had him until he was 11 years old then i unfortunately had to put him down because he got cancer . 
  that was ... difficult . 
  him being especially lovey , playful and looking funny when he slept with his tongue out did n't make the process any easier . 
  ^ no , ^ i ^ did n't ^ do ^ it ^ myself , ^ took ^ him ^ to ^ the ^ vet . 
  i killed a cat when i was like 10 or 11 years old . 
  i remember exactly how it felt leading up to that moment , there were two very distinct feelings battling to gain control of my motor functions . 
  one side of me wanted to commit a terrible deed just to see how it is and the other was protesting hard and almost made me feel physically sick . 
  the curiosity took over and i killed it . 
  i felt like shit for weeks , was having nightmares with cats and became pretty sure i would go to hell for it . 
  i could never do that now and every time something reminds me of this i feel regret .
