notice the euphemisation ( not sure if that 's a word ) of `` poor '' to `` developing country '' . 
  george carlin would have had a blast with this . 
  finally , someone showing some appreciation towards portugal . 
   that 's not from the eu . 
  precisely . 
  there are bigger problems which you ignore , pretend that do n't exist and pick on small `` safe '' shit that wo n't make people call you racists . 
  muslims raping your country ? 
  nah , the problem is the eu with those pesky gypsies stealing shoes and with those pesky romanians doing jobs that nobody wants to do anyway . 
  remember `` romanians are coming '' ? 
  that was the threat to the mighty great britain . 
  romanians coming to work jobs you do n't wan na do anyway . 
  all the while your own gypsies , the pakistanis and indians and whatever else they are commit the most odious of crimes and you pretend that they do n't happen . 
   if someone steals your shoes and i buy them from him , that 's cool right ? 
  i 've had a lot of shit stolen from me . 
  i live in romania , after all . 
  about 10-12 years ago , during nye , someone stole my phone . 
  so the second day , i tried to call my number and see what happens . 
  someone actually answered . 
  a guy . 
  i hang up and i ask my girlfriend to call the number and pretend that she does n't know that my phone was stolen and that she wants to meet up . 
  he bit the bait . 
  so i go instead of her to a certain hospital ( that 's where he said that they should meet up ) . 
  apparently he worked there , as a security guard . 
  so did a friend of mine that i spent nye with . 
  he said that the friend sold the phone to him . 
  so i cut all ties with that friend . 
  he kept his new phone . 
  i felt 0 animosity towards him . 
  i only hated my `` friend '' for stealing and selling it . 
  so no , i 'm not going to give you my shoes . 
  but if someone were to steal them and sell them to you , i 'd blame the guy who stole them , not the guy who bought them . 
  really ? 
  that 's why you guys wan na leave the eu , because i buy stolen shoes ? 
  is that really the biggest problem the eu has brought for the uk ? 
  idk , i 'd say that muslims raping your children and the police covering it up is worse than me buying a pair of stolen sneakers . 
  aaand you bit the bait . 
  to steal other things that there 's a demand for ? 
  to beg ? 
  to deal drugs ? 
  guess fucking what , when your paycheck is 300 euro and a pair of sneakers costs 100 euro , you 'd enable those gypsies as well . 
  so basically amsterdam is the decoy to keep all the tourists away from the actual capital . 
  we all function on incentive , that 's just how we are programmed to work . 
  we do n't * really * do much of anything if we do n't have a personal interest in it . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i guess some people simply do n't admit to themselves that they function on incentive , as it 's a means of feeling morally superior to the vast majority of people . 
   but we are n't talking about muslims of the west . 
  the muslims of the west who joined isis are dwarved in numbers by the amount of isis fighters from the arab world nations . 
  let me respond to this with a question : let 's assume that you 're a sane , moral human being and something bad happens to you and you suddenly become poor . 
  really poor . 
  like those people from morocco . 
  would the poverty make you renounce your morals so badly that you would be willing to kill innocents in order to have something to eat ? 
  or do you need to have a. . . predisposition ... for that kind of behaviour beforehand ? 
  you do n't just become a mass murderer because you 're poor . 
  let 's stop making excuses . 
  people from all walks of life join isis . 
  not just poor people or people lacking in opportunity . 
  sure , that 's part of the reason they get recruits but it most certainly is n't the main reason . 
  poverty and lack of opportunity do no explain why muslims living comfortably in the west become radicalized and ** choose ** to leave their homes to go and fight in that shithole . 
  maybe we should admit that human nature is deeply flawed and there is n't always an external factor like poverty which we can blame when people do evil shit . 
  maybe some people are evil . 
  and it 's what most of us would try to do as well in that situation , even though some will probably not admit it . 
  sure , not dying sounds pretty sweet but given the choice , getting a decent place to stay and free monthly income with that not-dying deal sounds even sweeter . 
   slavery and colonialism most civilizations did this . 
  some civilizations sacrificed thousands of people in a single religious ceremony , and they were n't european but mezo-american . 
  the arabs engaged in slave trade ( they arguably still do into the present day in countries such as qatar ) , the africans themselves sold their own people into slavery and they also still practice slavery into the present day in certain places . 
  so please tell me again how the brutal europeans are the single colonialists and slaveowners . 
  i can honestly understand their sentiment , coming from a country where politicians stole and also did n't work . 
  like , whole roads being constructed with euromoneyz in documents and no actual road at all constructed in reality . 
  we 're so desperate now that we 're fine with politicians stealing `` if they at least give something back '' . 
  [ super-safe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0uakrzaopc ), 
  all of it because of nato and saudi arabia 's ambition to remove assad . 
  yeah assad is a douchebag totalitarian , but so are many others in the world right now . 
  many worse than him . 
  the north korean dynasty comes to mind . 
  i just do n't understand why everyone is so obsessed with removing assad , why out of all the tyrants out there , he 's deemed as the worse , why nato was so desperate to remove him from power that they armed jihadists hoping that they 'll actually do what nato tells them to do . 
  civilians like you , yes . 
  i support their indiscriminate killing . 
  they 're not the same as other teenage idiots . 
  in my country teenage idiots eat sunflower seeds , are loud on public transport and pick on weak people without actually escalating to violence . 
  these teenagers have fucking assault rifles . 
  stop trying to downplay the problem because that 's exactly why terrorists bypass the security apparatus , because of the denial that they 're unusually dangerous . 
   i think people from diverse , secular countries have a hard time believing hatred against another ethnic group can be motivated by anything but some sort of rational response to power/political/economic injustice and the one that seems to be doing better is the most guilty . 
  [ a biased but rather interesting video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic7zu5vgpy0 ) i saw on this exact same subject . 
  my tastes  your tastes !, 
  where i 'm from we call this behaviour `` preparing the luggage for heaven '' . 
   they seem to be implying that its a problem with men that isnt native swedish a defining characteristic of a potential attacker when warning the population should n't be `` implied '' or left to interpretation . 
  it should be stated clearly , along with any other defining characteristics . 
  this is why nobody takes environmentalists seriously . 
  i mean honestly , `` realistic plan of saving the world would be redistributing rearmament money into environmental projects '' this just goes to show how delusional these particular environmentalists are . 
  they have no idea what world they live in but they want to save it . 
   does n't make sense . 
  it does if you do n't want your vodka-infused population to start attacking random muslims . 
  this guy seems to be implying that erdogan does n't have nato 's blessing for every military maneuver he makes . 
  i think that he 's stupid . 
  damn , i remember back in like 2004 spain was the premier destination for romanian emigrants . 
  then a few years later it was all about portugal . 
  now a decade later you guys are the ones leaving the country . 
  just to show how fast countries can decay if not properly governed . 
  well as long as they actually receive consent before engaging in population revival i guess it 's okay . 
  bringing [ salam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpxzns95kum ) would have had more impact on their clientele tbh .
