  so are we gon na start smacking students when they make any type of emotional whining about being offended by comedy or are we gon na just sit back , get complacent and be in denial that this is just going to get worse and worse ? 
  guess fucking what , the hippie mentality of treating children like royalty did n't have the desired effect . 
  they grew up to be obnoxious dysfunctional adults who think that the world revolves around their feelings . 
  call me old-fashioned but this is why you need to smack your kids when they act like little bitches . 
  feelings make people do and want stupid shit that 's against their interest . 
  reuniting gives people a warm and fuzzy feeling inside , so they want it . 
  but the consequences of absorbing a failed state with internal conflicts , ethnic tensions and rampant poverty is not something a rational person would aspire to . 
  the benefits of such a move are dwarved by the drawbacks . 
  we keep saying that we want a technocratic country , well , we can start doing that by choosing what is rational over what is emotional . 
  not to mention the fact that moldovans stopped considering themselves romanians for decades . 
  people keep saying that `` west and east germany did it , why ca n't we ? '' . 
  but we 're more like germany and austria rather than west and east germany . 
  romanians have this false impression that the moldovans are still exactly like us and that just an imaginary line seperates us . 
  but the truth is that after so many decades of being in the soviet union , the cultural differences have increased and people will be surprised to find out that the people of moldova are not as `` brotherly '' as they are romanticized to be . 
  we 'd be like two estranged cousins sitting awkwardly in the same room , not even knowing what to say to eachother . 
  i 'm honestly worried about the public support that the reunification movement has . 
  i 'm aware that there are very slim chances of it actually happening anytime soon . 
  but you can never be certain when it comes to such things , especially when emotion is involved . 
  see now this is called being unresonable . 
  if smokers * choose * to make a * private establishment * on a * private property * and smoke their lungs out , what is the problem ? 
  can you give a reasonable explanation why you want to legislate people 's private property when what they do ** only affects themselves ** and not the public or anyone else ? 
  it looks like you 're just being mean , but maybe you have a rational explanation . 
  i 'm waiting for it . 
  because your logic seems to be no different than that of people trying to make abortion illegal for women . 
  `` missing 13 year old girl '' , nobody thinks that she could be anything other than a victim . 
  they just have a `` hip '' royal family that tries to appear westernized to attract tourists . 
  abdullah is like `` look guise my wife dresses like a western woman we 're sooo western ! '' . 
  that 's it . 
  besides that it 's a shithole like any other muslim country in the region . 
  you fire them for being bigots , not for being muslims . 
  if they were n't muslim and pulled the same shit ? 
  that 's some impressive mental gymnastics . 
  i give it a 9.5, 
  obviously it 's the fault of the country that took them in and cared for them . 
  i 'm from a `` low-end '' eu state and i 'm ok with the inequality between the states . 
  i 'd rather try harder than have france or germany give up what they have * earned * to help states that did n't do the work they did . 
  it 's like affirmative action for countries . 
   what 's the preferred solution in italy ? 
  affirmative action . 
  anyone have any data on the gender disparity ? 
  they keep airing this eu funded ad on the radio that women face lack of opportunity in the eu . 
  it does n't seem so . 
  if only people from both sides of the political spectrum would apply this logic to important issues as well . 
  the cause of germany 's demographic problem is n't `` lack of uneducated males '' . 
  it 's much more complex than that . 
  but people like to simplify complex causes into one single cause which they can locate and blame . 
  did you think about the consequences ? 
  or do you just listen to your feels ? 
  just because the majority wants something does n't mean that it 's good for them . 
  feelings make people do and want stupid shit that 's against their interest . 
  reuniting gives people a warm and fuzzy feeling inside , so they want it . 
  but the consequences of absorbing a failed state rife with internal conflicts , ethnic tensions and rampant poverty is not something a rational person would aspire to . 
  the benefits of such a move are dwarved by the drawbacks . 
  we keep saying that we want a technocratic country , well , we can start doing that by choosing what is rational over what is emotional . 
  moldova is a mess . 
  we barely started getting out of our own mess . 
  anschlussing moldova would set our country 's progress back to the year 2000 . 
  the only romanians that actually want to unite with moldova and campaign for it is the emotional extreme right . 
  and they just want to see more clay on the map . 
   i still do n't get how a small minority could exert influence on the moldova 's politics . 
  syria is ruled ( well , used to ... mostly ) by a minority . 
  same with south africa until the fall of apartheid . 
  [ obor market ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ccupjn.jpg ) in bucharest this time of year . 
   \u2022 one of the strictest gun control regulations in the world that 's only a factor because the criminals do n't also have weapons . 
  in ... other ... countries where the issue is debated , there is a big problem in the fact that if guns were outlawed or were to become heavily regulated , that would disarm the honest citizens while criminals would be unaffected by the law , especially if they already have weapons . 
  wanted to make a quick user to post on / r/europe because i got banned by a pc police mod for joking that turkey does n't value human life , that 's what came to mind . 
  i do n't think that most people from any given country actually * wants * strangers to breathe on their necks . 
  it 's just that we do n't have much of a choice in a crowded metropolis . 
  take for instance the city i live in , bucharest . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0wciz3f.jpg ) is how a tram station looks like * on a good day * . 
  none of those people have a fetish to smell construction workers ' armpits after a day of work . 
  but such is life . 
  the criminal heads of state we have in europe are totally less shameful than a guy who says mean things . 
  i mean look at italy , they had fucking berlusconi as a head of state . 
  but shame on america for electing a president who said offensive stuff !!, 
  yes !, 
  the criminal heads of state we have in europe are totally less shameful than a guy who says mean things . 
  i mean look at italy , they had fucking berlusconi as a head of state . 
  but shame on america for electing a president who said offensive stuff !!, 
   why is this post on only 67 % ? 
  because russia earned its reputation . 
  it was n't `` pushed '' on her . 
  russia genuinely earned it . 
  yeah , in a perfect world where people were n't hardwired to make fallacious associations this would n't happen . 
  but we 're humans and sometimes you earn yourself a bad reputation . 
   sooo , free then ? 
  government produces nothing and pays for nothing . 
  it 's still us , the people , who pay taxes and some of that money is used to fund tuition so it 's still us , the citizens that pay for it . 
  not in the modern world , but we 're talking about medieval shitholes . 
  jesus did insist that revenge is wrong and stressed the importance turning the other cheek . 
  them motherfuckas need jesus . 
  those who think that they have to gain from a federal eu support it , those who think that they have to lose will oppose it . 
  we in the east probably think that rivers of honey will start flowing from the west once we 'll be `` one of them '' while in the west they fear the exact same thing , that their money will be spent on us ( which , for the record , i do find reasonable to oppose ) . 
  bulgaria is an odd one due to the russian influence still lingering there . 
   in romania , if you 're a guy you 'll also get mad amounts of pussy if you look even remotely good and white . 
  the point you 're trying to make can be understood without exagerration as well . 
  since most romanians are white i 'm sure that 's not a great advantage . 
  or maybe you 're speaking of the appeal of being a germanic-looking foreigner , which is something entirely different and completely normal . 
  in any other geographical region men and women will be considered more attractive on account of their belonging to a certain , highly-regarded nationality . 
  edit : even within the same nation there can be such idealizations , for example there 's one county in romania called vaslui that 's notoriously uncultured , alcoholic , etc.
