you are right that much of european strategy is reliance on foreign support , but equally i think you are underselling the competence and power of europe alone . 
  though nato is n't in that much better shape . 
  sure there are modern jets and a few hundred modern battletanks but in the event of a total war the old stuff left over from the 60s will have to do . 
  conscripted or not , a standing army of nearly one million troops ( plus two million reservists ) with modern equipment is never going to be an easy fight . 
  this is not a movie . 
  also wars are not won by spetznaz and sas , they are little more than reconnaissance troops . 
  not at all . 
  the vietnam war raged for * twenty years * before public opinion finally stopped it . 
  the last two great wars in europe lasted around five years each . 
  imagine the destruction if russia managed just two years of war before public opinion stopped it . 
  a fair point but not a particularly comparable story . 
  not really the same thing , is it ? 
  ukraine is an eastern , very foreign country which has little to do with the west . 
  sweden is definitely a western country , part of the eu and a solid ally to nato . 
  not only that , but the strategic position of sweden puts many of the richest eu/nato countries at huge risk in the event of invasion . 
  nato would * not * just let an invasion of sweden fly , even if that is what they are saying to coax swedes into the organisation . 
  sweden knows they will get nato support in the event of a russian invasion . 
  that is one of the main reasons sweden is pretty comfortable with not being part of nato . 
  all the benefit ; none of the obligation . 
  ikr , it is remarkable how close southern and eastern europe are in my mind to how they are depicted in this video . 
  `` british '' was n't always a political word used for london 's unification of the islands . 
  in its original greek and latin sense it simply meant `` relating to the british isles ( e.g. 
  britain and ireland ) '' . 
  so yes , `` british isles '' did come before the modern british state . 
   it 'd be like calling the scandinavian peninsula the ` swedish peninsula ' or the iberian peninsula the ` spanish peninsula ' . 
  of course the norwegians and portuguese are going to object to that . 
  i see your point , though `` british '' is a multicultural and geographical term and so it is probably more akin to `` scandinavian '' or `` iberian '' , than `` swedish '' or `` spanish '' . 
  while the greeks did name them that , they had almost zero understanding of the people who lived there . 
  even though back in bc they were all part of the celtic group , the irish and british still considered each other foreign . 
  most are of either scots or irish ancestry , not much english in ni . 
  depends who you ask . 
  the most common definition ( including by the [ european union ] ( http://eurovoc.europa.eu/drupal/?q=request&amp;concepturi=http%3a%2f%2feurovoc.europa.eu%2f914&amp;termuri=http%3a%2f%2feurovoc.europa.eu%2f222042&amp;language=en&amp;view=pt&amp;ifacelang=en ) and the [ united nations ] ( http://unstats.un.org/unsd/methods/m49/m49regin.htm#europe ) ) seems to place czech and poland in eastern europe . 
  that said , central european is obviously still correct for czech , but that does not make eastern european incorrect . 
  so america or britain should be permitted just annex parts of the world willy nilly , just because they were trusted enough to have troop presence there ? 
  the referendum was after the armed invasion by russian forces . 
  i do not believe that you have the right to invade a country `` just in case '' they vote in favour for you . 
  ever heard of sudetenland ? 
  well that is what everyone else thought until a few months ago when they started annexing land based on the fact it once belonged to the russian empire . 
  as well as harry potter , it is probably also some influence from prince harry ; the cheeky , good-looking royal . 
  the countries that have finno-ugric speakers are rarely described as western europe . 
  i do n't know about the timeframe for their arrival compared with pie . 
  hah interesting , i always assumed it was something similar to sicilian - i would never have guessed it was an arabic language . 
  probably would have paved a way for the remaining colonies to join as constituents . 
  it is not necessarily the best path forward , but for the foreseeable future it is the only path forward , so every effort must be made to make the most of it . 
  that is pretty much alex salmond 's message though . 
   `` scotland has , by a majority , decided not at this stage to become an independent country . 
  and i accept that verdict of the people . 
  and i call on all of scotland to follow suit in accepting the democratic verdict of the people of scotland . '', 
  france declared independence from britain ? 
  that 's just semantics though , it is still pretty much the same country . 
  that one can look nice . 
  please though , no dragon and only three colours that obey tincture rules . 
  otherwise it is garish . 
  oh give it a rest . 
  its a bit early to transplant your own views onto an entire country , is n't it ? 
  especially when we know there is unlikely to be a landslide in either way . 
  the flag was created centuries ago . 
  it no longer represents the appeasement it once was , instead it represents the uk state and the british brand . 
  the uk state and the british brand will still exist without scotland . 
  as a welshman , i have yet to see a good design that includes wales so frankly i do n't care . 
  anyone who knows enough about the flag to understand its origins is also likely to know of the existence of wales , so meh its not important . 
  i think iscotland would pick and choose all the existing uk perks and bonuses that they want and they will be granted most . 
  they are a new member yes , but this is a unique situation and will be looked at differently from say if ukraine tried to join . 
  the eu is a clusterfuck of opt-outs and requirements . 
  to scotland , the cta membership is more important than the schengen . 
  sensationalist nonsense . 
  the common travel area is nothing to do with the eu and there is no reason iscotland wo n't join . 
  ireland and scotland would rely on the uk for defence because it does n't cost them any money and they get to go on about being peace loving pacifists ( one of the biggest drums being banged by salmond ) . 
  scotland and england have had a clearly defined border for centuries . 
  that has n't even come up in the debate because scotland is scotland . 
  nobody believes for a moment that either party has an intention to pinch a few metres of land during the process . 
  i think you are underestimating the size difference between iscotland and ruk - the brits would only be losing arround 5 % -10 % of their population and money . 
  if anything it would have to increase military spending per head , as iscotland ( currently a significant force in the british army ) is going to bet all its eggs on london keeping them militarily secure , just like the irish republic . 
  no , though the uk is 70ish iirc, 
  they are n't being ridiculed because they are working class . 
  the second chechen war was simply a reaction to circumstances . 
  we learnt from ukraine that putin is stupid enough to attack . 
  we wont risk it with one of our own nato countries or in few years the news may be `` will putin risk london ? 
  it is the absolute obligation of all nato countries to defend even the smallest , shittiest member of nato . 
  as soon as a nato member , say germany , fails to do so then the whole nato charade crashes to the ground , and the security of all our countries instantly becomes in danger . 
  surrendering our armies to foreign command probably would n't be seen very favourably . 
  this is not a provocation . 
  it is a prevention . 
  that wo n't cause riots . 
  some great poetry came out of the crimean war . 
  the problem that i have with a lot of these cartoons is that they suggest evil putin 's intention was always to shoot down a plane full of civilians . 
  i do n't mean to play down the horror , but take away all the bias and jingoism , and it seems likely that the plane 's terrible fate was due to a technician 's mistake . 
  i do n't have the statistics but somehow i imagine that the influx of 1 million tourists and the biggest advertising campaign in the world would be able to bring in enough money to pay for your roads . 
  i imagine that the olympics are no different from the wc in that regard then . 
  the last olympics was held in one of the best and most well-connected cities in the world , not some favela in brics . 
  is n't that kind of the point though ? 
  to give huge economy boosts for a country to build up its infrastructure and international relations . 
  i do n't think america needs the help as much as somewhere like brazil . 
  how can there be an unbiased investigation when i imagine the investigators have already made up their mind ? 
  ukrainian experts , dutch experts , malaysian experts and russian experts would all go into the investigation attempting to prove or disprove with different agendas . 
  i am quite certain that any rash action on the western part could lead to the biggest war of our generation . 
  the current western policy seems to be just to let the enemy take all the rash actions while we just lay down and take it . 
  but i agree that it would really be quite something if the eu did throw its ( considerably hefty ) weight around a little - it would be something like a coming of age . 
  we look fucking weak . 
  putin is testing the waters for how far he can go , and it is much further than anyone expected .
