   if that 's what they want then the government should listen this is just a little poll by the anti-eu newspaper daily mail -- do n't take it too seriously . 
  in two years britain is having a proper referendum on it , and the binding decision will be made then . 
  this poll was not done by `` european leaders '' . 
  it was done for the daily mail newspaper . 
  oh my god those subtitles are making me feel car sick . 
  really interesting video , thanks for that . 
  i think you have to be very cynical to believe the notion behind it though . 
  countries like germany and france ? 
  the real confusion lay in the fact that `` yes '' and `` no '' had reversed meanings from the scottish referendum . 
   why do you love brits so much ? 
  why do you love hungarians so much ? 
  why are n't you fighting for the independence of whatever hungarian region you come from ? 
  after all , the americans managed , why ca n't you ? 
  also it 's nonsense to compare the scottish referendum with the plight of the kurds . 
  i edited my comment because you made me realise it was a little ambiguous . 
  it was n't to make you look bad . 
  though as my comment was expressing disbelief , i think it should have been clear enough that it was about the unusual conspiracy theory in the previous comment , rather than common knowledge about fertility . 
  i 'm confused . 
  how does this show that european governments are actively competing with each other ? 
  i remember saying something similar in history class in year 8 . 
  my teacher got so angry , and reminded me that many of the worst atrocities have been committed by developed countries like germany and britain . 
  first i 've heard of european countries actively competing for higher fertility rates . 
  got a source ? 
  i am certain that the scottish government makes their laws slightly different to england & wales for the purpose of standing out on comparison maps like this . 
  the others have spent the last few days holding press conferences and interviews . 
  maybe he just does n't want all that . 
  in the uk they usually seem to belong to those households that take christmas as a serious religious festival . 
  in sweden they are in every single window , even offices . 
  wow , i had 5 years of high school french and there is no way i could understand a parisian conversation . 
  languages are n't taken seriously in my country , and having developed into something of a traveller that is my biggest regret . 
  it did actually go extinct , about 200-300 years ago . 
  modern cornish is an interesting revival project though . 
  that is literally what us brits do in every other country though . 
  sure !, 
  on one condition : the country is called the united kingdom of the united kingdom and the netherlands . 
  i met a guy from * dublin * who referred to northern ireland as england . 
  never been so shocked in my life . 
  they are living the dream !, 
  that / s just saved you from an arse-whooping . 
  i prefer `` britain '' to the `` united kingdom '' anyway . 
  it translates better into other languages , and it is more consistent with other countries ( we do n't call germany the `` federal republic '' ) . 
  and down south . 
  and in the west . 
  and across the channel , and across the irish sea . 
  goddamnit the celts are everywhere . 
  it just looks like a way of categorising the language groups , i do n't think it is a scale . 
  # 0.005 was represented by 1/2 , so an item at # 9.995 would have been sold at # 9.99 1/2 . 
  but it was only for low value items , so a bag of sweets might have cost 3 1/2 p. 
  it was encouraged by the government for retail because rounding all # 0.005 up to # 0.010 would have increased inflation . 
  the penny is currently worth less than the halfpence was when it was removed from circulation . 
  we should get rid of the 5p as well . 
  sweden 's smallest coin ( 1 krona ) was worth around 10p when i lived there , and it works fine . 
  now matter how i try to read it , i can only imagine it said in an * outrrrrrrageous * french accent . 
   the uk only came in 1800  it hardly came out of nowhere . 
  the modern uk is pretty much a direct continuation of the london government of great britain and before that , england . 
  [ yes prime minister ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe ) disagrees, 
   i 'm replying to you , the person who started crying about it . 
  i think you might be replying to the wrong person . 
   theres nothing unusual about it . 
  if you say so . 
  clearly you 're the one with the hit nerve . 
  i was just highlighting how unusual it is to have a small region like northern ireland being put in the same category as sovereign states like spain . 
  uefa is different , but interesting that you cherry pick the only international organisation that splits the uk into the constituent nations . 
  my issue is not with northern ireland , it 's just the arbitrary inconsistency of the map . 
  surely it should be showing andalusia instead of spain , as it is also the only national subdivision used for filming , and it has its own film board ? 
   the issue of n. ireland / north of ireland is quite a contentious one everyone knows this , but it does n't change the fact that northern ireland is a part of the united kingdom . 
  it 's just inconsistent and odd to split the uk into subnational entities when they have n't done the same for any other country . 
  the rugged welsh landscape is similar enough to northern ireland and scotland to just be used as part of westeros too . 
   it 's just a plot to get the colonies closer to the mother ** country ** . 
  ftfy, 
  dat uk tho, 
   via voting in council an parliament oh god please , anything but * democracy * . 
  being a single parent is rarely a choice , and getting a job while having to look after two kids on your own is never going to be easy . 
  agree on almost all your points , i voted liberals for parliament and greens for local council . 
   a referendum is extremely unlikely to happen no , it actually appears almost 50:50 . 
  the conservatives have [ promised an eu referendum ] ( https://www.conservatives.com/landing_pages/european_election.aspx ) if they win . 
  [ some ] ( http://www.electionforecast.co.uk/ ) of the latest predictions put the conservatives just ahead , and the ones where they come second it is nearly [ neck ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/general-election-2015/11565190/uk-election-2015-polls-labour-lead-conservatives-by-one-point.html ) and [ neck ] ( http://ukgeneralelection.com/category/election-forecasts/ ) . 
  so why you think an election is '' * extremely * unlikely '' is beyond me . 
  nothing would send the uk packing quicker . 
  sorry mate if it 's only one mythical creature per member state then we 're going with the dragon . 
  because he is french . 
  is earth an empire-tier title ? 
  i doubt that playgirls of a corrupt exhibitionist reflect the general look of a nation . 
  it is not about being aggressive towards russia , it is about being defensive against any threats - external and internal . 
  however , the russian federation has made it very clear that they intend to continue their predecessor 's aggression against their neighbours , and surprise surprise , their neighbours do n't like it . 
  they are boxing themselves in . 
  `` letting it go '' is probably the wrong choice of words . 
  i have never met a german who believes he is responsible for the holocaust . 
  but it is still important that we all remember what happened and why , because it could be mine or your countrymen who commit the next one . 
  absolutely . 
  particularly an attack on sweden would be seen universally as an attack on the west , nato or not . 
   english is still very much a germanic language , and it 's not just english that has been latinized . 
  true , though i think english is the most latinised major germanic language , given that england was ruled by french-speaking lords for a few centuries . 
  chaucer is n't old english , it is middle english . 
  though i 'm not surprised you can read beowulf 's old english . 
  in layman 's terms it could be likened to a blend of old dutch and old norse . 
  i barely read a single word of that language . 
  chaucer 's middle english is a different beast though , as it is what happens when you spend 400 years trying to force french and latin onto a germanic-speaking population . 
  i guess that could go on forever though . 
  can i have a british identity , even though there are three or four major religious beliefs here , various languages and various cultures and 65million individual people ?
