  thank you, 
   or probably he was beaten to death by the police . 
  is there any evidence of this ? 
  but that 's what freedom is all about , right ? 
  i 'm regretting ever coming here . 
  i am scared my face will just freeze over and fall off as i walk to work . 
  yes i know that ... with this fantasy proposal we are talking about , people can speak their first language all they like . 
  it is the official language that we are talking about . 
  ah i live in sweden too . 
  the vast majority of people i speak to here seem completely fluent and i could converse with them at length and in detail about anything in english . 
  sure they do n't really understand anglo culture but that is not necessary for what is being proposed . 
  we do n't want to create a huge state of people with british culture , just so everyone knows , uses and understands a single language . 
  no real need for swedish . 
  pretty much all the scandinavians speak fluent english . 
  many eu countries already have significant portions of the population fluent in english . 
  not just the uk , but ireland , sweden , norway , denmark , netherlands . 
  hence what i said about the welsh , scottish and irish ... 
  in that case , it suggests political nonsense to an even greater degree . 
  still fresh from a century of celtic romanticism , no way would the scottish , irish or welsh broadcast the idea of belonging to the anglo-saxon ethnic group . 
  either way , those maps of male lineage have clearly done a remarkable job at outlining the ethnic groups considering they are a totally different concept , hence the correlation i drew . 
  these [ dna maps on eupedia ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml ) seem to show a more accurate , scientific view of ethnicity . 
  a lot of this map seems to be a little different ( for propaganda ? 
  ) , for example the domination of the anglo-saxon ethnicity in britain and ireland . 
  the fact that jewish people were happy to do this led to them becoming rather successful as bankers in medieval europe , and thus the stereotype of them being money hoarders . 
   from my personal experience well deduced . 
  i am british and from my personal experience , i think that freedom of movement between european countries is the single best thing that has materialised from the eu . 
  it is quite sad that uk politicians are bent on limiting this idea . 
   it 's not a necessity for you because the other countries did their work ( to learn english ) . 
  umm yeah well that is what i implied ...  may be we should stop teaching english at schools hey if you think that is best for your country then by all means go ahead and vote for that kind of thing . 
  i am working in sweden with swedish people , and i live with germans , french and spanish speakers . 
  i can only speak english , but i get by absolutely fine . 
  i have travelled europe knowing only english too . 
  i 'm not proud of it , and i really want to learn another language , but since it is not a necessity i find it hard to devote much time at all to language learning . 
  this is because generally brits are so indifferent to the eu that they do n't even bother voting , and the only people who do vote are the staunch anti-eu people . 
  i work in the games industry . 
  i found it easy to show passion for the company as i love their games , and my portfolio showed promise , so they let me in . 
  ( british ) i have travelled around europe freely and now i am working in sweden . 
  all i had to do is wave my passport . 
  the knowledge that i can move to pretty much any european country and begin living there next week - without being asked so much as a `` how are you today ? '', 
  - is a wonderful feeling . 
  edit : i also feel that i am well protected as a european in my day-to-day life thanks to many regulations which side with the consumer etc. 
  my heart just skipped a beat . 
  the letters in `` skiing '' got all bungled up in my head and i read this as :  `` german chancellor angela merkel * killed * in accident . '', 
  a minority of people in northern ireland desire rule from the irish republic , as shown in several votes , referendums and surveys since 1900 . 
  thanks for confirming that you absolutely no idea what you are talking about . 
  that makes as much sense as saying canada is occupying america . 
  for gods sake , read up on some history . 
  it was scots who caused the cultural religious mess in northern ireland in the first place . 
  that 's a flaw of a democratic system which pretty much requires party support to function . 
  you ca n't really go against your party or nothing will ever go through . 
  what is a more correct summary out of interest ? 
  david cameron really is a dick but tc i feel that you are just finding things to be upset about . 
  germany is definitely more trustworthy than the us in my opinion . 
  especially given the us 's recent * commitment * to making themselves the most untrustworthy government in the west . 
  what is the `` main '' language in belgium ? 
  i always thought it was french . 
  well , the english started with the anglo-saxons so the people who invaded prior to that do n't count . 
  aside from the french ( and to a much lesser extent , the danish ) , everyone else who migrated afterwards had very minimal impact on the language in comparison . 
  the other major additions to english come from the classical languages of greek and latin , which was not due to invasion but the fact that the only people who could write english were religious scholars who also studied classics . 
   it 's actually quite beautiful - for an indo-european language are you from south india ? 
  i lived in sweden for a year and the range of english accents there is incredible . 
  a dutch person once told me that flemish sounds like a child learning to speak dutch . 
  is that true ? 
  i blame the french . 
   american spellings of criticize , analyze these are sometimes the preferred spelling in british english [ according to the oxford english dictionary ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/ize-ise-or-yse ) . 
  though i personally tend to spell them with an * - ise * because i consider it as part of my identity , like a written accent . 
  being a native english-speaker with a small knowledge of german , i found it remarkably easy to figure out a lot of written sentences in swedish . 
  though spoken swedish might as well be japanese . 
  you have n't understood the map . 
  the vast majority of ireland in this map is coloured in to use the english `` gold '' . 
  only the western fringes are shown in irish . 
  this is a map of modern language usage , not region of origin . 
  maps like this use the west coast [ irish-speaking regions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaeltacht ) as defined by the government of ireland , where you will see green . 
  oh those nazis were really noble - saving neutral denmark and norway from the british by invading them . 
  and presumably you believe poland , czechslovakia , france , netherlands , russia and the other victims needed saving from the brits too ? 
  you 're right . 
  maybe if everyone just surrendered their raw materials and infrastructure in awe of the nazi war machine , the world might be a better place . 
   1939-1945 just called . 
  so did benelux and your scandinavian neighbours . 
  fearmongering ? 
  you say that as if war in europe is an impossibility . 
  yet at the same time you are using this future war as a reason to reject closer ties with europe . 
  my point is that in either scenario , sweden will be amongst the first to be invaded . 
  neutrality means shit to an expansionist dictator . 
  that video lost its fun `` silly europeans worrying about russia invading '' message when russia invaded ukraine and killed european civilians . 
   i can entirely understand russia stating that if we go from non-alignment to official nato-membership , they 'd have to prepare first-strikes against sweden you 're fooling yourself if you think sweden is n't already a prime target for a first-strike against the west . 
  without the protection of nato , sweden is russia 's best chance at getting an unopposed strategic foothold over central europe . 
  in this hypothetical war , stockholm will fall well before poland 's territory is even encroached . 
  do n't you think that the fact that the uk presents itself as a potent nation-destroying threat is the very thing that would make london a prime strategic target to a potential aggressor of europe ? 
  ireland , spain and norway probably would n't get the same apocolyptic treatment as us in this hypothetical nuclear barrage . 
  what on earth could be `` shitty '' about open dialogue with argentina ? 
  i am in favour of making our colonial relics less expensive to keep . 
  being able to safely demilitarise the islands is a good thing . 
  imperialistic animosity with the south american countries is a bad thing . 
  edit : so many rah rah neo-colonialists in here . 
  pitifully clutching onto imperial enclaves has n't done our country any good , and it never will . 
  yes because it 's perfectly reasonable to think that without nuclear weapons , britain will be invaded by russia . 
  exactly . 
   no but im saying this will be enforced by the police since its illegal and highly dangerous . 
  but so is hundreds of people marching down the motorway .
