who the hell drinks ( black ) tea without milk ? 
  `` doitsu '' in japanese, 
  ok , now you have to tell us a little bit more about yourself and why you chose to go there . 
  there is no comparison . 
  i had american budweiser before , it does n't even taste like beer . 
  the czech budweiser however , damn ... that sure is a fine beer . 
  raclette is swiss, 
  i do n't . 
  suffer, 
  i live in a huge dark red zone and i am not surprised . 
  best i could do was 950 points . 
  wow , i live in a yellow zone ? 
  i know we had some earthquakes before but everytime i was either sleeping or did n't notice it for some reason . 
  so , what is our government going to to about all this . 
  take a wild guess . 
  i 'll tell you what 's going to happen . 
  merkel is going to tell him that we do n't like the whole prism idea . 
  then obama will tell her some bullshit like `` do n't worry , all is fine '' or `` it 's for your countries safety too '' and that 's it . 
  the german government does not have the balls to tell them that we ca n't tolerate this shit . 
  nothing will change . 
  we do n't want any trouble with the us and i think every other eu country would do the same . 
  the us can do as they please and we will support them . 
  it 's sad , but what are you gon na do . 
  been there a couple of times , here is what i experienced . 
  i know more about the country , like history wise or cultural , but i think people already mentioned all that . 
  * nice , friendly people * they love to grill sardibnes in the streets * a shitload of stray dogs * good food * proud nation , flags everywhere * very nice beaches . 
  i hate beaches though . 
  * lisbon is one of the most awesome places i have ever seen, 
  yeah , it does not even make sense . 
  for the eu it 's one of those `` we do n't really know what this is and we do n't want to know , we do n't have a category for this , it is banned '' kinda thing . 
  the problem is that ups shipping is extremely expensive . 
  i do n't want to pay 40 $ just for shipping . 
  well , those stores are violating eu law then . 
  it is banned , trust me . 
  wikipedia : * snus ' sale is illegal in turkmenistan [ 1 ] and the european union , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] but due to special exemptions , it is still manufactured and consumed primarily in sweden and norway . 
  customs . 
  they held my order back twice now and once they also threatened to press charges . 
  not fun . 
  it 's the only country in the eu where snus is legal . 
  that 's also the reason why i am still smoking . 
  the first thing that comes to mind is pomegranates, 
  `` the islamic czech republic '' what the fuck, 
  this sounds like a great idea , but how is this supposed to work ? 
  technically and if they 'd just put a screen in the city center where i live people would probably destroy it within a few days . 
  we do n't even have payphones anymore because people just destroy them . 
  seems like the people in my city hate nice things . 
  liberty and justice for all i guess, 
  have you ever been to ameland or zoutelande ? 
  or amsterdam ? 
  or ... actually any other part of the netherlands ? 
  especially germans love to go to the netherlands , when i was a kid we went there almost every summer . 
  venlo is 20 mins away from where i live . 
  almost every time i go there people see my german license plate , the see that i 'm like 20ish and right after i exit my car they ask `` hey , willst du was zum rauchen kaufen ? '', 
  ( do you want to buy something to smoke ? ) . 
  this did n't happen to me once before they banned foreigners from the coffee shops . 
  seems like this was a rather stupid idea . 
  who gives a damn about a fucking flag, 
  you know that `` die welt '' is also a axel springer newspaper , right ? 
  correct . 
  it is not universal and there are exceptions , so technically we still do n't have a real minimum wage , but our government calls it minimum wage, 
  i did the math . 
  minimum wage after taxes is app . 
  1070 $ a month . 
  the cheapest beer you can buy at almost any discount supermarket is 1,69 for 6 half liter bottles so about 0,281 $ / 0,5 l bottle . 
  1070 / 0,281 = 3843.41 so you can get 3843 bottles of beer or 1921,5 liters if you would spend 100 % of your income on it . 
  that means you could drink 64 liters of beer or 128 bottles of beer every day . 
  i 'm pretty sure that map is about buying your drinks in a bar though . 
   ( fmi = imf = international monetary fund ) funny how abbreviations are almost always the other way round in french . 
  like nato - otan or eu - ue . 
  this is not a law, 
  [ they all speak perfect english , have n't you heard ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owuyrlxi7na ), 
  then you are not the average german . 
  my goal was to bring at least 4 cans of real british beer home with me and like i said before , it was not an easy task . 
  one of them was called `` london pride '' , that 's the only one i remember . 
  i also remeber that it tasted pretty good . 
  about the beers , i was very confused when i was in a pub in london and almost all beers there were french , belgian , dutch , german or from somewhere else in europe . 
  even in stores most of the available beers there were foreign . 
  was i in the wrong places or do the british do n't like their own beer ? 
  his brother was my philosophy teacher . 
  yes they do . 
  10 cans , 60 $ including shipping ... gone . 
  they told me at the customs office that it 's illegal and i have two options . 
  i leave and they send it back or 2 . 
  i open the package and they arrest me . 
  ordered online , yes, 
  damnit i really miss your huge pet beer bottles and your huge pizzas . 
  fuck i wish they 'd lift the eu ban . 
  i was sick and tired of customs seizing my snus so i started smoking . 
  well done , eu . 
  that does n't really help the workers and people in low income jobs . 
  wtf berlin is awesome, 
  since croatia is not a eu country you might have some trouble getting a residence permit or work permit i guess . 
  actually i expected france to be way lower in this graph, 
  why is poland so close to south asia ? 
  yeah , retards . 
  it was the only decent song . 
  i heard this a couple of times , how did she sound to you ? 
  i actually watch it every year and i hope to find a gem hidden in a mountain of shit . 
  i only found a piece of copper this time , but it 's the best there is .
