way underestimated it . 
  i do n't see how she could make that error - the numbers are objective , it 's quite clear how many more school places would need to be provided for example . 
  nah , we had pro-eu protests in london , a couple of people held up signs saying ` kill all white people . ', 
  so you 're a linguistic prescriptivist ? 
  how do you justify that ? 
  do you believe in the tower of babel or something ? 
  this is interesting . 
  the fact that you care so much about defending perverts with the whole `` it 's actually ephebophebobebophilia ! '', 
  is sad . 
  [ this might help you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb9fwjdweau ) . 
  you actually think that 's okay ? 
  get some help . 
  there is this thing called context . 
  it helps a lot . 
  language is not prescriptive . 
  the word `` pedophile '' can refer to someone who is attracted to that age because that is how the word is used by many . 
  i voted leave and do n't want hofer in power . 
  i do n't think you understand the referendum question asked . 
  you are treating people as broad collectives based on their race rather than individuals . 
  do you not see the irony ? 
  and if you do get ceta you still pay . 
  you seem to be getting confused . 
  the only way to have a trade deal like ceta without paying is to not be in the eu . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreskin#sexual as you can see , it 's a very important organ . 
  notice that there are a huge number of in-text citations that are uncharacteristic of a wikipedia article in order to discourage triggered americans who try to edit the article . 
  mate , we do n't care why people mutilate their sons . 
  we just want them to stop . 
  if you think it 's because it 's done by muslims and jews you have n't got a clue . 
  you 're not a westerner and are making assumptions about us because of your victim complex . 
  keep telling yourself that mate . 
  he 's turkish and presumably had this done to him . 
  the reaction to it therefore upsets him . 
  well , you 're missing part of your dick . 
  sorry mate but that being done to babies is incredibly fucked up . 
  actually your brain is permanently altered by circumcision . 
  you 've been misusing terms like `` reason '' so it 's difficult to even engage with you . 
  you 've even turned be argument into a strawman and taken it away from evolution . 
  everything you say is based on feelings rather than objectivity . 
  almost . 
  i am clearly conscious . 
  free choice may well still be an illusion . 
  by the way , this is nothing to do with evolution . 
  there could be some natural phenomenon that enables free choice for all we know . 
  you 're getting confused and creating a strawman . 
  do you mean true independent thought can not exist ? 
  i see no reason why we would have free will . 
  if that 's what you 're talking about then yes , i think that that is an illusion . 
  other animals can reason . 
  computers can reason . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do they require supernatural intervention too ? 
  what do you mean by `` reason ? '', 
  do you mean `` purpose '' or `` working things out ? '', 
  given the extraordinary evidence for a natural origin of humans it must be as far as i 'm concerned . 
  as i have said , there are some theists that accept evolution but think that god intervened in the creation of humans so it would n't just be natural causes from their perspective . 
  everything we want to do is down to the way our brains work . 
  this has been shaped by natural selection . 
  i follow meaning , i just accept that it 's subjective . 
  i do this because i want to . 
  that is a result of biological functions . 
  i am trying to convince you because humans are social animals and this interests me . 
  in fact , even if these things are not made up and have some objective meaning , there is no reason to reject evolution . 
  virtually all christians in the west accept evolution excluding americans . 
  how so ? 
  what scrutiny ? 
  because they 're made up by humans , except for love , which is associated with oxytocin and serotonin ( love is naturally selected for , as are other emotions . 
  it is a product of evolution ) . 
  what about it did you take issue with ? 
  okay . 
  where did you learn about evolution ? 
  were you taught that it is true at school ? 
   so then your expertise is in neither archaeology nor anthropology okay ? 
  why are we talking about that ? 
   why on earth would asking to identify assumptions be an odd question to ask ? 
  you made the assertion that assumptions should be identified , the onus is on you to explain why the question should be asked . 
  it sounds like you 've just googled `` scientific method '' or something and misunderstood something you read , the context in which you take about `` assumptions '' was out of place . 
  again : did you grow up in a yec community ? 
  answering will help me understand where you 're coming from . 
  i have a bsc in physics , i 'm pretty sure i 'm serious enough about science to comment on it . 
  so did you grow up in a yec community ? 
  what assumptions are you expecting me to talk about ? 
  what an odd thing to ask . 
   blind faith in dogma and the power of your science-religion . 
  christ . 
  did you grow up in a young earther community or something ? 
  you really are deluded if you ca n't accept evidence as strong as we have for evolution . 
   evolution is not fact life scientists disagree with you . 
  why wold you know better than them ? 
   was n't it only like a few decades ago that `` science '' was absolutely certain -- with the same confidence as you are about evolution -- that the atom was the smallest form on the planet -- and then they managed to cut one open and a bunch of stuff fell out ? 
  no , what are you on about ? 
   a theory that is admitted and accepted as just a theory and yet defended as though its fact . 
  it is called a theory by scientists and it is called fact by scientists . 
  these things are not mutually exclusive in science . 
  when a theory is proven , it is still called a theory . 
   what are some of the assumptions that must be made when interpreting the evidence presented by the fossil record ? 
  that the fossils were n't magicked there , just like everything else . 
  you might think you 're being profound or smart but you 're really not . 
  you 've already said several false things . 
  there is an extraordinary number of fossils in various stages that show incremental steps between species as they evolve . 
  these can be dated using radiometric dating methods .
