   these guys have a history of interviewing french people and dubbing over their answers to make them say things they never said and were n't even on the same topic . 
   i would n't trust them if i was looking for the truth . 
  1 out of 6 french person ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  that means millions of people . 
   russia today is propaganda . 
  there are pew polls saying about the same thing , at the moment i ca n't reach http://www.pewresearch.org/ , but you can see few results from simply googling pew french isis , or similar for example between 18-29 year olds muslims in france 42 % think it 's justified to suicide bomb people ( often / sometimes 19 % + rarely 23 % ) - remember this is pew poll , not some propaganda but one of the most prestigious polling institutes in the world and if it 's propaganda , would they poll uk/germany that low , 3-4 % for young people while putting france that high ? 
  and do you honestly think it 's impossible that so many in france would support isis from the muslims , even if silently ? 
  remember you 've got state of emergency and terror attacks every now and then foiled or not . 
  i do n't know if this will load for you , but if it does n't i recommend bookmarking it and reading it later http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/07/16/extremism-concerns-growing-in-west-and-predominantly-muslim-countries/extremism-concerns_lede_web/, 
   i 'd like a source for that . 
  sure , it 's few years old but here 's leftist paper as a source https://www.vox.com/2014/8/26/6067123/isis-poll  france and other european countries are still predominantly white , it 's not because brown minorities make more babies that they will take over the country . 
   keep in mind , misgenation # replacement . 
  i only argued that the political , economical , social and cultural change with the change would have dark or grim prospect for ethnic french/europeans , and in general pretty much for everyone in the country, 
   you 're aware that terrorists represent only a tiny fraction on french muslims right ? 
  it 's just that one guy alone can do a lot of damage . 
  you still got army patrolling your streets , small , tiny or 16 % of muslim population that sympathizes with isis , or 27 % of young people , i do n't think those numbers are tiny as you 've put it  `` ethnic europeans shrinking , minorities ( by that you mean brown people i guess ) growing ''  that 's the good ol' great replacement theory which has been debunked plenty of times . 
  all you have to do is look at birth rates per ethnicity to find out , but i suppose you do n't record that stuff in france fewer europeans  more africans/arabs/south-asians is the occurring theme without exception in europe , whether it 's by immigration , births or deaths . 
  now , are europeans and the latter groups the same when it comes to economical factors ? 
  are they culturally the same ? 
  are they socially the same ? 
  and most importantly , do they vote for the same things ? 
  in other words , are the previous statements the same ? 
  if not , well you will see political , cultural , social and economical change and for europeans the change is as i already put , dark or outright grim . 
  maybe you should n't visit tourist scams then, 
   i know what your point was , but i disagree with you . 
  i do n't really have problem with that  immigrants to developped western countries ( wether they may be polish , italian , ethiopian or lebanese ) are n't the same as separatist groups and do not have the same impact . 
  they are n't claiming territories or more autonomy . 
  that 's because our goals and cultures are similar enough so people are content , same ca n't be said about every culture and people  if you 're talking about french muslims , they come from north africa , which used to be owned by france . 
  the french government actually brought them in at the end of ww2 , and most of them are fine . 
  well , you 've got army patrolling streets of paris and bigger cities and you 've got perpetual state of emergency , maybe you do n't need most people to destroy your way of life , and it 's not like things will be getting better you know , it 's not like ethnic europeans are growing and minorities are shrinking , it 's the opposite mate . 
  that comes with political , social and economical changes too , all which i could say have pretty dark if not grim prospects for ethnic europeans , or french in this case, 
  of course there are places that are more expensive , but it 's not like they need to live in la or sf to get better quality of life in terms of wages and what they need to pay in taxes and such, 
  i did n't ? 
  you know it 's not just you and me , even if you would hope we 'd be alone , together anyhow , it 's seems pretty fraudulent that people would advocate for multicultural society when it 's the reason middle-east is a mess , and well there are army patrolling the streets of every big city with enough . . well muslim population . . 
  not at all , you seem to agree with me then i ca n't think multicultural society with russians would serve either side , not finns nor russians, 
  so you are saying multiculturalism destroyed those countries then ? 
  so you are saying multiculturalism is pretty bad then ? 
  why ? 
  there are plenty of young nations in europe too, 
  you get paid less in france and pretty much everything on average is more expensive . 
  not to mention taxes in france are horribly way above us . 
  if it did , would n't france be horribly more expensive and less fortuitous with wages then ? 
  why 'd that be a problem ? 
  living with another cultures and such , has the west been lied to and we 're actually heading towards instability ourselves now then ? 
  that 's really good , now you should try work on making your country better so you do n't have to flee from there, 
  i wonder what 's non-moderate if erdogan is moderate muslim :(, 
  i suppose they 've kept their jerking off in moderation if they 're from europe - since they clearly managed to have country that 's pretty nice . . 
  unlike with turks : /, 
  the turkish obsession is real, 
  why you think people do n't see russia as european country ? 
  certainly not in eu but surely as european . 
  even if 100 % people lived there it would n't still make turkey european , it 's eurasian country , and only has about 5 % of it 's landmass in europe , and culturally turkey is not european country . 
  i wrote tiny parts of turkey are in europe , so what is the fuss about ? 
  google continental maps to find out, 
  i 'm only referring to their political alignment , which you can measure with fewer than 46 % of population voting not their level of enthusiasm for politics . 
  oh , that 's pretty great then . 
  do you have employment levels to share , if you do n't mind ? 
  i 'm just curious if there 's big difference between the type you get and the type we get , because turkey is pretty diverse country, 
  i suppose a sum of reasons where laziness comes on top ? 
  i wish turks would n't jerk off to things hundreds years past and actually made nicer country so they would n't have to flee from there : /, 
   from my view this is more your friends than turks in general . 
  i find that turks are in general quite well integrated apart from the nationalism thing but that does n't usually create problems . 
  oh boy , they appear to you but when it comes to statistics ... 
  i do n't know how well employed or how bad in crime they 're represented in netherlands , but perhaps you do , but in general they 're not doing so well elsewhere . 
  46 % population vote gives quite clear picture of what 's the alignment of the said population . 
  accurate polls are made with a lot less . 
  you 're free to share what makes you culturally european then :d and regarding maps , well you 're free to google continental maps yourself , actually - here you go https://www.google.fi/search?q=continental+maps&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjc2zuz05pvahxka5okhazkabcq_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=990#imgrc=_, 
  yeah , so does north korea, 
  what 's wrong with trump in a way it 'd harm nato ? 
  i mean , it 's pretty clear turkey is pretty shit ally recently and considering how he 's being voted in secular western countries in eu , it does raise question whether you belong with nato and not in some middle-eastern thing . 
  well , rewind year from that and people actually believed we 'd be getting doctors and engineers , or women ... or children and not young men, 
  according to most maps it 's not ? 
  culturally ? 
  yeah , no . 
  there are few maps where small parts of turkey appear in europe , but very tiny parts, 
   yes . 
  and ? 
  those other countries are n't having civil wars due to lack of water  but syria was n't overpopulated . 
  the population grew rapidly , but there was no indication syria was more overpopulated than most other countries . 
  well , maybe lack of water is one sign  swedish dry season is a monsoon compared to a drought in the middle east ... my point still stands , whether it 's us or syria  you 're making a fantasy scenario to fit your argument . 
  sweden is a wet country , even it it 's population exploded it would n't have any drought comparable to what happened in syria . 
  they only would need tremendous amounts more people to hit the resource ceiling  yes , of course a larger population makes water shortages more likely , but a surge in population is less of a factor then changing climate . 
  syria 's population could have grown more without a problem if the climate had n't dried . 
  a small change in climate change , is more powerful than a big change in population . 
  lol no , syria has so tiny amount of water that it 's ridiculous . 
  they only have one name worthy river in the whole country for example . 
  france has perpetual state of emergency too, 
  you 're just like france now, 
  are you saying yezidi iraqi girls ca n't be germans then ? 
  you realize there are droughts at every part of the world ? 
  and if you have overpopulation , it would stand a reason that they would n't be able to cope with said drought due to the fact they already use say for example 99 % of available resources ( water ) on regular basis i mean , you do n't see swedes waging war because they suddenly have dry season , but what would happen if they had population explosion for decades and decades 'till the water was n't plentiful for everyone and they suddenly had dry season . . 
  this is not complicated stuff , it 's not like a change of 1 \u00b0 c has evaporated all of their water resources , no it 's because they already had consumed or used those available resources and the drought only showed how skintight their situation truly was . 
  i do n't think terrorism is as much linked to climate change as it is to overpopulation quality of life in general i mean in syria the population has quadrupled after the 60s and with limited resources , such as fresh water for example it becomes increasingly difficult to upkeep quality of life or civilization for everyone at the level they 'd find life enjoyable for example finland has had less than 10 % deviation , which is pretty much the same for every western country after 60s , while syria it is over 400 % increase . 
  ( from less than 5 million to over 20 million ) there 's no way you can sustain such population growth and it 's going end in total collapse or as with syria , war . 
  those are stereotypes , nothing to do with statistical data and even then , the us did n't have slightest equivalency of welfare 120 + years back so comparing it to today is at best moronic . 
  hell even today they do n't really have a safety net, 
  are you honestly telling me < 15 % employment levels after couple decades is going to work out well ? 
  maybe you should educate yourself a bit if you think the data is not real, 
  so what 's the point of immigration if it 's detrimental for really long time then ?
