  we already do know that the later generations do n't integrate that well either with mena migrants, 
  so what 's the point of immigration if it 's detrimental for really long time then ? 
  we already do know that the later generations do n't integrate that well either with mena migrants, 
  i do n't think over 100 years old sentiments and laws are applicable to current trends we have data from today as to why it 's bad idea to have immigration from certain places , because we know it 's very detrimental, 
  there 's stereotypes for all people , but there 's no movement trying to ban japanese or chinese from immigrating, 
   fascinating . 
  the protocols of the elders of zion is definitely an excellent historical record . 
  how 's that related to anything he wrote ? 
   such as being the biggest net benefactor of the eu to the tune of $ 86 billion in the 2014-2020 funding period ? 
  and how 's that related to taking migrants , was there prerequisite - take money , take the migrants no one wants - but smarty pants in sweden and germany still keep taking while simultaneously whine how they ca n't cope and how poland should take 'em ? 
   sorry , no such thing as a free lunch . 
  the rest of the world owes you nothing . 
  migrants from outside eu are in no way related to the aid money eastern europe received . 
  the free lunch you speak of comes in form of young people migrating to the west , for which they 're getting paid . 
  you know it 's not cheap to educate people to only have them leave . . not to mention most of the aid money invested to the e-e is subsidized to german owned enterprises so there 's that too . 
  i suppose it 's because there 's enough data to show us how and why it 's bad idea to take them here . 
  it 's not like there 's `` racism '' against japanese or chinese as there is against islamic immigration for example . 
  we 've already got data from decades and we 're still pondering `` how to integrate '' them after generations so it 's quite ridiculous to say it 's the same . 
  i suggest taking look at employment and education levels for different groups of migrants . 
   because you ca n't go to a restaurant , have dinner and act outraged when the waiter presents you with the bill . 
  this is really very simple logic . 
  so how it 's poland 's responsibility in the first place ? 
  :d  and what poland is doing is the exact parasitic behavior they say refugees will engage in , which is rather hilarious to me . 
  oh , such as ? 
  why poland should take even a single person ? 
  sweden/germany have for years , and their media have told us how great these people are . 
  `` share the burden '' ? 
  well , why ? 
  if you do n't want or ca n't handle , then do n't take anymore . . that simple . . 
  why 'd i change my mind with something like that ? 
  anyhow , they 'd be destroying their own environment and without outside help i wonder would they be able to rebuild, 
   it 's just that we do n't have the same definitions of ethnicity , to me genetics do n't have much if anything to do with it . 
  that 's besides the point and derailing even more with your own opinions all i ever asked was whether it 's arabs and africans having babies instead of ethnic french the question could n't be any clearer anyhow , i 'm 100 % sure you understood the question and just got upset because i used the wording ` ethnic french ' i 've had enough of debate regarding semantics for one day, 
   is your martian society culturaly , linguistically , socially different to finish society ? 
  well , i suppose we first would need to define what 's finnish and french in the first place , if everything is french or finnish , then nothing is , would n't you agree ? 
   how has this anything to do with genetics ? 
  the arab , spaniard or guadeloupean who immigrated to france 100 years ago is ethnically french or ethnically nothing . 
  of course they 're french , but if they have not mingled with french then they 're not ethnically french , they 're still arabs , spaniards , guadeloupean - or anything they 've mingled with during their stay . 
  if i live 250 years in mars , and only had children with other finns , would my children be aliens , martians or would they be finns ethnically ? 
  why ? 
  i 'm talking about ethnic french not what frenchness is anyhow as the haplogroups exist , then this is not even up to a debate anyhow we 've derailed quite bit from my question whether it 's africans and arabs are having the babies or ethnic french . 
  of course there are ethnic french , they 're multitude of different groups this is not even up to debate if there are haplogroups to define them, 
  there certainly are ethnic french, 
  why ? 
  there are , just google haplogroups if you want to, 
  how 's this related to europe ? 
  but i 'm saying especially ethnic french ... did you even bother reading anything i wrote . . 
  well , if they 've mingled with ethnic french then they 're too ethnically french , but till then they 're just ethnic immigrants living in france , i do n't know whether it 's good or bad but that does n't make them ethnically french . 
  i would n't be alien , or my children would n't be aliens if i lived 30 years in space and had child in space , now would i ? 
  i 'd still be finn , not martian or alien from space . 
  i suppose it 's a person whose ancestry is linked to that of france 's , and not a person whose ancestry comes from another place other than france i suppose you need to ask what 's france is answer in itself , if everyone is french then there are no more french left . 
  because if everyone is french , then no one is . 
  now whether turning more arab/african is a bad or good thing , well i 'm not the right person to tell you that , but it 's something you need to live rest of your life , as will your children and their children . 
  that is if you have any . 
  what 's the point of growing population if it only is detrimental ? 
  not to mention , what 's the point of immigration if we suffer from it ... 
  but those number speak of only those born outside of france , not whether ethnic french are having babies, 
  and how have those helped ? 
  they 're popping 10 kids per woman africa is the most aids infested region and continent on this reality ( by a very large margin ) do they even have the necessary infrastructure to manufacture condoms themselves , in quantities it 'd be enough . 
  do you have source for that ? 
  what do you mean , that because they could n't beat the barbarians that their whole civilization collapses and died for good ? 
  i do n't think we 're going to face the same problem . . 
   also france . 
  but are the french having children , or is it just africans and arabs ? 
  i 'm talking ethnic groups btw . 
  considering most of africa does n't have access to fresh to fresh water i 'm going to guess they 're not going to have much access to condoms either but hey , lets blame the whitey, 
  check continental maps , they 're not part of europe of course you are free to prove me wrong very few maps have small parts of turkey included in europe , but most do not, 
  that much is obvious , but what 's the reason or what is there to gain from doing so ? 
  not all places hold merit or worth for everyone, 
  nope, 
  how on earth ca n't eu or countries in eu block the people coming or bringing people ? 
  it 's not like this is recent phenomena , it 's been decades that this has been happening and years it 's been going at rate where it 's risking to destabilize our whole continent, 
  yeah but hardly worth visiting, 
  hey , he handshakes trump really good , that 's all some people will ever need, 
  how 'd you come to conclusion soviet union was n't nationalistic ? 
  can you try defining nationalism for me ? 
  what else it could be than shitposting ? 
  bomb instructions ? 
  thanks for bringing that up , now we can shut the book of how pis got elected due to immigration populism for good then, 
   i dont see how this is a subjective thing and not a problem from a humans right perspective . 
  i suppose because you do n't think all humans have the same rights then , or do n't even view all humans as humans, 
  well that 's the perception i 've got for poland , that pis was voted due to immigration and how eu was going to force said immigrants to and for poland . 
  i 'm not going to scrounge years old news articles to prove this btw , it 's either that or the old party , po was fucking things up too big, 
  and thanks to pis it remains like that . 
  how 's being a christian a right wing ? 
  or anti-immigration , it 's not like you can waltz to cuba or venezuela , there are actually procedures to do that . 
  wanting a sensible and not fully retarded immigration is not a right wing thing , you are aware of this ? 
  it 's quite recent that left is for the 3rd world immigration since they used to care about worker rights , and they were afraid they 'd destroy those rights by importing 3rd world immigrants as cheap labor . 
  nationalism ? 
  well soviet union was extremely nationalist , as is china , are or were they right wing then ? 
  but that could be said to be subjective is it not right to safe another life ? 
  is it not wrong to take away a innocent life , because you found it too cumbersome ? 
  not to mention if it 's the result of ones carelessness and they just decide to end the life due to the fact they 'd rather buy trivial things etc. . ? 
  what right does one have to terminate another life ? 
  what of the human rights of the child ? 
  well , in any case poles never took away the liberty to abort pregnancy should it risk or harm the mother . 
  fair enough , thanks for sharing, 
  okay , then what are the similarities besides public support ? 
  indeed , but you said human right abuses , what you meant with that if not human right to live in europe or poland ? 
  whether poland turns into dictatorship , well i think that 's unlikely but time will tell .
