  if you have 10 incredibly stupid questions lined with normal question the question looks pretty important . 
  we 're not having problems with how sexist the immigrants are , we 're having problems with them on every sector , whether it 's employment , crime or education and they 're putting something marginally important there , to reflect as how it 'd the biggest concern out of all the things they could come up with . 
  and yes immigrants = mena immigrants - and i 'm aware they are indeed treating women like cattle , but at least our law will intervene with that . 
  all of the questions are pretty stupid, 
  well he did ruin a perfectly good mustache style for at least 100 years, 
  if i had to guess , everything and more . 
  their contributions in the west can be measured though , or how detrimental they are , and this on the other hand is good measure whether we want them at all with immigration of course they consists of multitude of different people , but if their ideology is hostile enough then they could and should in my opinion be treated as a whole . 
  it 's not like we have christian terrorism , but we have islamic terrorism , no matter their country of origin . 
  damn those bourgeois and their vans !!!, 
  because they 're significant part of the 1 % muslim population in us and i did n't want the all arabs to be included what the muslim population is responsible for ? 
  raising of wages will only lead to fewer available jobs , mind you every job has to pay itself back . 
  if person can not profit for their wage , then the laborer will be changed or the job will be moved somewhere else , if not disappear for good . 
  i do n't think there should be minimum wage for that exact reason , nor should we have socialized housing as we do in nordic countries today as they will only hike the housing prices ( fewer people paying for houses , no funds to pay for new houses , increase in demand , increase in price ), 
  that 's whataboutism , but considering western world copies their news from cnn and reuters it 's a bit on track ? 
  well then they very least have the benefit of homogeneous society with better social cohesion, 
  it looks like modern germany . 
  i think people everywhere despise antifa . 
  :d even the overton window has been moving from the left , which perhaps is for the best . 
  to me it looks like he 's driving through german city . 
  i mentioned saudies as concrete example of what 's happening in islamic societies , there 's number of others i could 've picked . 
  same goes to us . 
  anyhow how the situation is realized is vastly different in christian world where we say mean things and islamic world , where they systematically execute gays . 
  anyhow , we 're both free to leave this here , at least i will . 
  well i 'd amount it more to lack or fragmentation of social cohesion and ever increasing pool of ` no skill ' people , and both of these can be blamed on immigration gone wrong of course it 's not solely blamed on immigration but i can see how it 's big part, 
  indeed , but not all people are capable of increasing their value in job market , and some groups of people simply have greater number of those people , now whether importing more of those people is good or bad idea , well i suppose countries like sweden will tell the tale in the upcoming years , do n't they ? 
  it 's exploiting no doubt , but no one is forcing anyone to work there . 
  the fact that there 's market people willing to work for scraps tells me only that there 's overabundance of no or low skill workers . 
  and uk is importing a lot more from 3rd world countries , so there 's the point for immigration . 
  because they hold somewhat similar attitudes , and most are actually from there , iraq , syria , iran , pakistan et cetera , their views according to polls conducted by institutions such as pew have not changed that much here 's just one example : first their country of origin http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-morality/ and over half of the muslims in uk think homosexuality should be outlawed http://edition.cnn.com/2016/04/11/europe/britain-muslims-survey/index.html, 
  well , not to be total asshole but it 's not like they 're threatening the workers to work there they 're only able to offer that bad wage due to the fact there 's market willing to work for that wage , which is quite abhorring when you realize how abundant the `` no skill '' pool for laborers is, 
  you are saying you did n't compare islam , or how it effectively systematically executes gays by law to christians then ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that 's what you did . 
   because poles only riot on their independence day ? 
  riot ? 
  you mean march ? 
   but would poland have closed the border to stop the many riot tourists from coming ? 
  they probably would 've jailed them as terrorists or as something similar, 
  to me it looks like germany, 
  so what we 're missing out now that we have more forest , but less primeval forests ? 
  why are they scumbags in your opinion ? 
  and ? 
  does it matter whether it 's primeval forest or not ? 
  anyhow , the forests of finland have been growing , whether the tree type is efficient or not does n't really matter does it ? 
  that 's true , but we 're not getting indonesians or indian muslims by large quantities , or even need to have discussion about them , do we ? 
  because they 're simply not here , not in quantities that would matter , well not yet . 
  because you are resorting to whataboutism and equating two things that are not even remotely equal or on same level , did n't i explain this already ? 
  not at all , why 'd you think i did ? 
  you are making a remark if the anti gay attitude or w/e you want to call it would be the same for christians as it is for muslims . 
  last i checked there are no christian nations that systematically execute their gays , or even persecute them . 
  of course there are people that are christian and do n't like gays , but in the west their actions are best marginalized and insignificant , whereas they literally execute you for being gay in some parts of mena region . 
  i always find it funny how stupid people equate countries like saudi arabia , who execute their gays , and the us who has few angry protesters telling gays they go to hell . 
  totally the same thing . 
  what else ? 
  we have poor indians , chinese , taiwanese , japanese , latinos , russians , europeans and they 're not causing the havoc . 
  only reason turks are `` moderately '' well behaved is due to ataturk and how his policies used military et cetera from islam rooting too deep , and even then it did n't work it seems . 
  the arab population in us is largely christian , only about quarter is following islam in any form , and even then they kind of stay in the news in negative way . 
  finnish forests have been getting larger actually, 
  this is what paris deal should 've been about , instead of giving money blindly and having no guarantees for action, 
  you get what you vote for , same goes for sweden and germany . 
  what makes poles 3rd world though ? 
  they do n't fit any criteria , old or new for 3rd world , education in turkey sure did take steep step down after erdogan it seems, 
  why should eastern europe take third world immigrants that we heard for years being so oh great for everything from economy to vibrant social culture et cetera from germany and sweden , are you perhaps saying it 's fucking stupid to take them and now there 's some real risks when you 've got 'em ? 
  iceland is perhaps one of the healthiest countries , one of the more intelligent countries on earth and they 're smaller than bigger cities in germany . 
  it would fare worse for euro and eu too though , euro depends on ee countries to keep the value artificially lower and eu actually benefits from the ee labor force , and one of the biggest reasons for stagnation in ee is due to freedom of movement that shreds young and the educated from ee countries . 
   10,800 again , where 10,000 was the milestone set by justice minister koen geens , de morgen reports . 
  so the problem is sudden spike that the society did not prepare itself ? 
  i wonder what 's the reason for disproportional increase in criminals getting jailed . 
  maybe there 's increase in people that commit crime in disproportional rate in immigration ? 
  so we 're in fact getting highly educated people , who btw are children and women instead of nigh illiterate young men going for germany and sweden ? 
  but , they have been proven right sweetie ? 
  do you even know what far right is ? 
  i suspect not as you dodged all the questions by claim you seem not to be able to prove . 
  i 'm not saying you are , but you are continuously sounding like a child with claims you ca n't back . 
  europe has n't really had any wars past 3-4 generations while middle-east has been thoroughly at war past generations so that kind of reasoning seems at best flawed ? 
  mmm ... ? 
  are n't europeans the least inbred people on the planet ? 
  to me it sounds just hazy excuse . 
  most of the europeans do n't want muslim immigration anymore , or mena immigration though , would you consider it be a good thing eradicate most of europe or europeans then ? 
  and do tell , what are the benefits of having mena immigration , without resorting to word salad of course . 
  and can you prove it ? 
  i 'm gon na take a shot in the dark and guess you ca n't . 
  `` far right '' do tell how and what is this far right and how you see he perceived the old couple as such and do tell , how the party in question is far right ? 
  i do n't mean singular man or woman , but the party what of their policies are far right ? 
  or perhaps , perhaps you were just spouting buzzwords like a child ? 
  killing people out of their political beliefs is purest form of terrorism i can think of terrorism is a term used in its broadest sense to describe the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence as a means to create terror or fear , in order to achieve a political , religious or ideological aim . 
  they could 've charged them with smuggling and decided not to, 
  if italy does n't want africans , then they should n't take them . 
  are they going to start warring because other countries would n't take africans they themselves ferried into italy ? 
  if they want to accept the people ferried from the shores of libya , then by all means they can live with them . 
  it seems rest of the eu does n't want them and we 're already seeing overton window moving at quite fast pace . 
  yeah i 'm not asking for bunch of random links telling me mena muslims are n't as horrible in us as they 're in eu i 'm asking what programs or what we need to do that they 're not detrimental to our society in eu , nordic countries in general are putting more money per capita than any other country to `` integrate '' them and still fail to do so . 
  so , what we need to do ? 
  since you 're keen on telling how great they are , perhaps rest of us should n't take them and france should ? 
  i think this arrangement would work best for both us . 
  so because us has rapper that 's muslim countries like finland should ignore the fact that most of mena immigrants are unemployed even after 15 years and that iraqis employment rate is 13 % which programs us has then that finland or sweden does not ? 
  i corrected the text to mena muslims , before you had replied and for example most of the arabs in us are not muslims , only about quarter . 
  and using christian mena migrants as good example of integration for muslims from mena region is n't really honest , is it ? 
  there 's reason why birth place of christianity today has barely any christians living there , it seems it 's quite hard to coexist, 
   i 'm pretty sure scandinavian countries have little to no assimilation program that resembles other assimilation programs like in the us , canada or france . 
  such as  the eu does n't have a resettlement and assimilation policy similar to that many western countries offered to the vietnamese refugees in guam and pulau bidong who were bound for the us , france and canada , and that 's the core problem .
