  it 's odd how much it 's pushed in europe or western countries in general though what we 've to gain from african or south asian diversity in here for example ? 
  why 'd they need to fix borders or deport illegals , it 's not like it would contradict to make fun of `` aryans '' or whites while bringing africa to europe . . you get what you vote for, 
  majority of the people coming to europe from north africa however are not deemed as refugees and if they 're refugees , it stands to reason they 'd return to their country of origin instead of being given nationality after 4 years or so , italy is in a crossroad now , whether they want to turn into african or stay as european country is up to them . 
  do you know what democracy is or are you just angry because you are on the wrong side of history ? 
  well , they quite literally are n't their problem by law , if you do n't want to be drowned in africans , perhaps the wisest thing to do is prevent their entry and not give them nationalities like candies just sayin ', 
  what exactly you think democracy is ? 
  they 're told they 're going to live in `` mansion '' and be `` paid '' for simply living in europe , i do n't think they care much for their possessions with little value, 
  or just intentionally want to achieve certain ends 1st you destroy all welfare states , i do n't think this need elaboration - but i can offer if you need some 2nd free , cheap labor w/e you want to call 3rd lowers wages , you have more workforce than work 4th political ends , destroy social cohesion i mean there 's plenty of reasons i can think of why all of this would be intentional on so many levels , you 'd have to naive to think it could n't be , or rather would n't be . 
  it 's not like humanitarian immigration really achieves or has achieved anything really, 
  they can always seek un camps and apply from there, 
  well , if you were n't that smart and someone told you , that you will be made rich `` if you do this one thing '' , well a sweet lie is easier to believe than a bitter truth and arguably there 's not much risk involved , or which risks you are talking about ? 
  less than 1 % of people crossing the mediterranean sea have drowned, 
  well if eu or any country really really gets fed up , then they always could bribe some dictator in africa and send everyone there that is n't willing to share where they 're from, 
  yeah , things would 've been much better if they all were forced to germany and sweden , if not perfect . 
  i mean they wanted these people no one else did . . 
  . . what ? 
  is n't he quite popular in hungary ? 
  or is it not democracy if you do n't like `` their '' guy ? 
  do n't worry , they wo n't be staying thousands fled withing weeks from finland in 2015 , i do n't know what they 're expecting to be honest . . 
  i 'd say vast majority of the incomers are just after financial gain ( aka welfare , something like 10 % of iraqis are employed in finland for example ), 
  who would n't love dystopian prospects for future, 
  ... what ? 
  why the source is bad or flawed , because you do n't like the outcome ? 
  well , i 'm not going to wager on that , you could make case for him that he 's just insane and got better with help in those 20 years or so, 
  i think he 'll change his name again in few years , if he does i think he 's playing it smart for trying to have relatively `` normal '' life . 
  21 years is long time , i 'd say he 's out in 25 ~, 
  thanks , but it 'd be much nicer if instead of me having to need travel to latvia , you could instead use basic argumentation skills instead of throwing around hitler card :d i mean , all you did was call them a nazi and ponder why you 're being called out for being full of shit, 
  = you are full of shit, 
   if you have freedom of movement and no influence on anyone else 's immigration policy , any one country can dump gobs of people into your country , with you having no control over it . 
  well that 's true , and considering the countries that give nationalities like candy it 's rather a risky business . 
  well , he was rather a rude fellow was n't he ? 
  assumptions without a thing to back them on . 
  and if i meet rude romanians in finland , it 's rather easy to get impression they 're overly rude , though i must say i should 've said he and the other romanians i 've met have all been rude , and asked whether they all are . . 
  but since i did get rather upset of his rudity , well perhaps i should 've had thought the wording a bit more . 
  ethnicity of course , it 's not like traveling abroad makes you a different person , as we can see from the immigrants living in europe right now, 
   but you still have to explain why the more homogeneous nations went to the world wars and other catastrophic wars with each other while the multicultural modern states have not . 
  i suppose it 's due to nuclear bombs being invented and warfare turning into technical race of who has better toys , and the west practically making their way into every war and improving quality of life thorough the globe . 
  for example food production due to the efforts of the west have killed famine in areas without overpopulation and steady growth . 
  you do n't really see any wars or very large or massive kill counts but in areas that are multicultural and do not have similar enough ` goals in life ' or are homogeneous , for example brazil , middle-east , africa for example western countries could have been said to be relatively homogeneous 'till 60s , that 's when france started taking people from algeria i believe and us signed their immigration law , and the whole mass immigration scheme did n't start but in the 70s or 90s depending the country in eu , from places that you could describe not being relatively the same as us in cultural and ethnic sense , so the whole multicultural setting from mena region is rather new in europe , well in this quantity very least . 
  it 's surprisingly effective to have immigrants when they are fewer than 0.1 % of population , not so when they 're going +10 % upwards , since integration will in return become quite impossible task due self reinforcing elements in immigrants culture , should the host and immigrant culture be foreign enough as it is right now from mena region . 
  ( fgm , role of men and women , religion , values , history , language , alphabets , well pretty much everything ) of course now we 're seeing quite dark changes in few countries , such as france with military presence in the streets of bigger cities and state of emergency turning into new normal all due to , well i suppose multiculturalism of course europeans are multicultural already , but our cultures are similar enough and our values , goals in life are similar enough to say we 're quite alike, 
  if ww2 had n't escalated to the point it did , i 'm sure it 's possible we 'd still have smaller wars at more frequent rate today , fear and pain are both great motivators to avoid some things . 
  you could say ww2 brought peace and the peace was kept by similar cultures and relatively homogeneous populations ( which enable for example very firm social cohesion , something which does n't work in multicultural society ), 
  of course they are ? 
  what do you mean ? 
   see , this is how bloody ignorant you are , right there . 
  no fucking clue beyond the right wing nutjob media . 
  i was going to say something how rude you all romanians are , i in fact met your kin today , he was begging for spare change and was so angry i would n't spare him 0,20 $ , such poor fellows you lot are . 
  but what on earth has convinced you that i , as a morally upright person would follow ` right wing nutjob media ' ? 
  of course i do n't see the media i follow as such , so you would have to lay out examples of such ` nutjob medias ' . 
   in the 1990s when the yugoslavian wars were a thing , and the reaction to refugees from there was none different . 
  and even back then , they fled to germany , there were `` fake yugoslavs '' in the form of other eastern europeans , and a quota was proposed by germany to other western countries to handle them . 
  that could be applicable if sweden , germany and france did n't take millions of africans et cetera , we 're talking about wholly different scenario with different setting and rules . 
   and for the past 20 years the conversation in the west has been how much a mistake that , and the eastern expansion was . 
  merkel actually campaigned on `` multiculturalism has failed '' platform . 
  a month before the famous refugee speech , she made a little palestinian girl cry as she told her germany was full . 
  and actions speak louder than words , if you have policies which yell `` come !, 
  come !, 
  come !, 
  - for here you will be made whole '' , then perhaps saying `` no we did n't want this '' is n't true but rather a lie or populism . 
  and of course i 'm talking about welfare and numerous other programs that are still in place shipping people by the thousands if not millions in a decade . 
  of course people will come as long you bring them , pay them , feed them , i ca n't blame them . 
   the west does n't want them , the west never wanted them . 
  the whole point of dublin agreement was that the west does n't want them . 
  the battle with the eu parliament in 2012 over internal borders was because the west does n't want them . 
  so where to you get this idea that the west wants them ? 
  breibart and the idiot channels that give you a strawman . 
  well that 's where you are wrong . 
  sweden certainly wanted them , they 've been bringing them by the tens of thousands annually for example , and sweden is pretty small country , with even smaller population capable of having children . 
   and if you 're going to accuse the western states of `` bringing them in '' , then yeah you 're going to argue against international law . 
  because , this might come as utter shock to your goldfish attention span , but they knew there was going to be a migration flood since 2007 , this is a predictable consequence of the entire geopolitcal setup accelerated by the iraq war and arab spring . 
  no one invited them , they are coming much like easterner did in 1990 for a piece of the prosperity pie . 
  and your `` hot potato '' blame game offers zero solutions besides making you feel like self-rightous . 
  i 'm not arguing against applying asylum , i 'm arguing for different things . 
  of course they have right to apply for asylum , and we have the right to reject their application and send those in here back when their country of origin is safe enough . 
  i 'm arguing that there 's no force on earth that can righteously demand eastern europe to accept migrants . 
  just send them to germany or sweden , or any other country that ships people from 3rd world by the tens of thousands , not to the countries that literally do not want them . 
  you know kurds are just as much turks as you are . 
  then should n't sweden , germany , france and so on take the immigrants gladly ? 
  have we not read for years , if not decades how , according to various experts these people are in fact beneficial on so many levels , what 's the change ? 
  if it 's momentary setback or financing issue , just take loans to survive the bump . 
  not to mention last i checked there 's various countries they can and should apply asylum before arriving , for example sweden but choose not to , in fact numerous , well pretty much all refugees relocated to countries like spain , portugal - which are vacation countries btw , flee on their own accord . 
  not to mention there 's widespread phenomenon in europe with refugees vacationing their country of origin ( for example eritrea , somalia , iraq ) and lastly , v4 has nothing against the international laws , only the forced immigration scheme set by eu , which are different things altogether . 
  well , solution to this is rather easy , do n't take people you do n't want to live with , and do n't whine when others do n't take your load . 
  simple , no ? 
  or what other betrayal has eastern european countries are guilty of ? 
  france , germany , sweden and other countries should and are free to act as they see fit , but they should n't dictate immigration policies from outside eu to any other country . 
  the money part has nothing to do with immigrants outside eu , there was no prerequisite for taking the money - take the immigrants from africa and these 3rd world countries . 
  and for example in poland 's case the money is mostly used to subsidize german owned enterprises . 
  you made your bed and now it has come the time to sleep in it . 
  source : https://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp?title=2017-mid&amp;region=150 also since few and numerous maps exclude finland , i took the liberty of excluding irrelevant countries . 
   he said he believes in the free flow of goods and ideas -- `` but not people ... secure your borders . 
  secure your borders , '' he urged the eastern european leaders . 
  we 've had peace due to similar cultures and relatively homogeneous populations , which are both going to be changed due to global liberal order, 
  foreign investments in houses should be made illegal in eu , or unless you have someone living in the house it should pay 10x tax, 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
  fair enough , you can always dig around yourself to have more objective view of the situation , or that 's what i would recommend doing, 
  do you think situation would have got worse after that then ? 
  why ? 
  sure , here http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/07/01/concerns-about-islamic-extremism-on-the-rise-in-middle-east/pg-2014-07-01-islamic-extremism-10/ but as i said , for the moment pew does n't seem to load for me , i do n't know whether it 's the same case for you , so in case it does n't just search pictures from google with ` french isis suicide pew ' , or similar .
