a lot of somalis visit somalia after they 've been granted asylum or nationality , i think they would do the same everywhere else . 
  this is lie and slander , no way finland is cat country i demand proofs or i accuse you lot of libel, 
  they do n't get killed but they are turned into sex slaves in all honesty if anyone is stupid enough to leave there , they deserve to be treated as cattle because they 're mentally below a fucking cow, 
  thinking porn in stamps is too much is perhaps not bigotry, 
  `` youth '' is this some sort newspeak , i 've seen this a lot when speaking of minorities . . 
  from what i gather productivity of sweden has n't truly increased and their spike in economy was caused by loans , can someone better acquainted with the situation give short tldr ? 
   demand is a factor , but it is not a problem . 
  inability to meet demand is a problem , and that inability is largely political/artificial . 
  in 2016 uk had 250k immigrants , all those immigrants require infrastructure and housing that would amount to a city , it 's simply not sustainable for very long , and truthfully i never understood why it 's good trade for brits to have immigration if they themselves do n't benefit from it  living expenses are increasing as the living standards and expectations increase , not because the prices are going up . 
  housing prices have soared since 80s to unsustainable levels , there 's reason why they call it a housing bubble and the living expenses to build housing has not increased in parallel the same time not to mention if we compare living expenses from 80s to today only difference you see is in electronics , everything else should be cheaper when adjusted to inflation but that 's not the case at all because of the demand, 
  i do wonder what 's the ratio or number of ethnic english living in london and what 's the number for those with immigrant background, 
   no , nimbyism and bad public housing policy leads to people not being able to afford a home . 
  no demand is the factor , not nimbyism or bad public housing policy  everybody benefits from a better economy . 
  wages are stagnant while expenses for living increase , same goes to housing, 
  this is rather a good news ? 
   racism and xenophobia and blaming the left for everything is wrong ? 
  who 's racist , xenophobic and why ? 
  i 'm not sure about policies of the left in uk so i ca n't say anything about them though, 
  in what sense ? 
  money is n't everything you know , nor is growth for example having too much immigration will eventually lead housing prices so high regular britons can never afford home , i believe that 's already happening , crazy eh ? 
  especially when you are seeing drop in native population you are seeing housing prices either rise or stay the same . . what 's better economy worth if people are not the ones that benefit from it ? 
  of course i 'm complaining , short sighted fools and their actions have led us to this and now they 're trying to bring it here too , which will cause untold horrors and pain for us all, 
  why 'd `` we have to '' improve their quality of life ? 
  the continental population growth will only lead to their own doom, 
  i think we 're just step closer becoming chinese society or perhaps having favelas of our own, 
  there would be 0 nato members willing to fight for turkey at any given scenario if the other side is any eu country , or hell even russia , not many would risk ww3 for turkey, 
  do n't worry the things you get in the scandinavia/nordic countries are diminishing too , i 'd reckon there wo n't be a welfare state left in 30 years, 
  this only handles the tax rate of wages , it does n't include high vat , vehicle taxes or any other obscure taxes there are in nordic countries, 
  well there 's old saying people having 3 masks one for public one for family and one for just ourselves, 
  it does n't really help if it 's too late, 
  outlawing murder would have the same effect as outlawing guns, 
  yep , but not having to bother with kela for 2 years sure sounds fun if you are long term unemployed , hence stress levels are down and sure , the fact they can find work without kela taking their gibs away sounds lovely and probably helps some to find work , it all comes down to whether it 's worth it but you can sort that kind of thing with cost/benefit calculation, 
  well , these phones can always be taken apart and the components can be sold maybe not worth 450k pounds but they 're still going to be rich of course iphones are more about brand than performance so i suppose that factors in too, 
  it 's simply inconceivable how odd and cruel the world truly is , makes you appreciate the little things we have shame not all see it the same way, 
  of course people given free money report lesser stress levels and lets be honest here , it 's not like people answering to these polls will report 0 incentive work , only actions speak the truth in a experiment such as this, 
  how on earth this is off topic ? 
  the videos raises several good points regarding how demagogues , populism and parallels it to europe ? 
  there 's so many points to have discussion about , religion change in europe , dying liberality and different polls such as the one he mentions with uk muslims not going to police if they knew about someone related to extremist actions the video is by no means off topic, 
  i just found your assumption of time being a factor of integration silly in the sense you didnt think it mattered that he was a migrant 26 years is long time but most of the islamic terror comes not from 1st gen migranrs and according to pew later gen. migrants radicalize more in europe, 
  there are plenty of 2nd gen. immigrants turning to terror and violence , just because he has lived here doesnt make him culturally the same as us, 
  you dont think terrorists could have access to guns ? 
  it seems to be mundane enough for modetators very least , so perhaps it already is, 
  are we really having debate whether democrats or obama are left wing ? 
   you do a differeny hypocrisy , ignoring your own and just pretending other have it . 
  by calling out leftists for their hypocrisy when it 's clearly non-sense . 
  if you see it like that , well there 's nothing really for me to gain for changing your mind  so let me ask you what should they have done ? 
  they pass a resolution in the eu parliament , where are leftists actually in control to influence policy ? 
  because you seem to act like a tribal clown . 
  no need to start attacking on personal level , and if you do so you 'd better back it with little bit better than `` i 'm right , you are wrong '' . 
  there 's quite few things they could 've done , for example they could offer military aid to yemen , trade embargo , but i suppose saudi money is just as sweet no matter the political alignment, 
  swedish army since there 's no real need to translate something that does n't exist , i suppose . 
   well yeah , if you make up your own definitions of what leftist is , life is going to be easy . 
  well democrats and obama are and were leftist party and a person , or do you disagree ? 
  prior to 2015 most of european parties and people in power were leftist or centrist too . 
  even poland had a leftist party in charge prior to the flood of immigrants  as you are demonstrating . 
  i do n't really have problem with not being humanitarian though , i just do n't hypocrisy from the people who claim to be doing humanitarian work or present themselves as humanitarian among political circles and then choose to ignore one of the biggest ` wrong 's of our lifetime then again yemen has n't had the chance to be trend like so many other things in facebook or social media yet, 
  no need to be upset , for example obamas ministration ( which i consider leftist ) could have easily forced saudi hand to stop the war in there , not to mention the collective power in europe ( well it used to be leftist anyhow ) could done the same just as easily , instead they opt out not to talk is cheap after all, 
  well that certainly is peculiar case i do n't think i 've never heard of such case , where victim got raped by the rapist and ` to be savior ' , is there even a precedent in europe past 20 years for this kind case ? 
  having strict gun laws do very little with schengen and loose outside borders europe has n't had gun problems or gun homicide problems pretty much never if you exclude ira and world wars . 
  and we already have pretty tight gun laws in most of the europe , even if we banned guns altogether it would do little when we have schengen and very loose outside borders . 
  a guy who 's had bad day rarely has n't got the access for m16 in germany, 
  so it 's not impossible to strip people of dual nationalities in europe ? 
  shocker , and people thought it could n't be done . 
  what exactly has yemen done to warrant war on them ? 
  in all their humanitarian self righteousness it is odd that left is dead silent on this issue in general . 
  and by this i mean , actions speak louder than words , after all everyone can lie and say populist things . 
  `` bored troops '' more like bored officers, 
  finnish source : https://yle.fi/uutiset/3-9748475 german source : http://www.presseportal.de/blaulicht/pm/110973/3696596, 
  i do n't understand the hearts for france would n't not caring about your spouses infidelity imply strong indifference to actual relationship ? 
  odd world we live in where negligence is mistaken for love . . 
  if the cable was reeled badly in one roll , it kinda makes sense that you 'd reel it the right way to another roll . 
  these things get stuck really easily and being forced to unstuck the cable every another minute in the forest might not be really fun experience for anyone i do n't really understand what 's the fun part here, 
  i do n't think nazis were notorious for their actions regarding surveillance , whereas stasi was but yeah stasi is not as infamous, 
  well , i suppose you are right , though the child was brain dead anyhow , so euthanasia would n't be as cruel as most would think, 
  to the african nation you pay to accept such people , of course . 
  you silly goose or alternatively , you could just detain him 'till such there 's better place for him . 
  it 's not like europe has capacity or the will to shelter everyone unwilling to disclose where they 're from, 
  so dead babies are now international stories ? 
  what makes it not local news then ? 
  [ source ] ( https://csis.carto.com/builder/60931f8e-9bcb-11e6-98fa-0e05a8b3e3d7/embed?state=%7b%22map%22%3a%7b%22ne%22%3a%5b-36.879620605026766%2c-101.6015625%5d%2c%22sw%22%3a%5b77.91566898632584%2c146.25000000000003%5d%2c%22center%22%3a%5b40.58058466412764%2c22.32421875%5d%2c%22zoom%22%3a3%7d%7d ), 
  and it 's still a local story ? 
  how exactly ? 
  it 's sad story , but how it 's not a local one ? 
  is n't this local news though ? 
  or maybe just not everyone have the same values as europeans ? 
  i mean , there 's reason why most countries without europeans are dysfunctional, 
  local crime - removed nothing to see here - move along back to having discussions about irrelevant bridges, 
  people are easy to say he 's the devil but they forget that he was voted in by the people of turkey . 
  people of the turkey * wanted * the devil . . 
  remember that . 
  or just from asia ? 
  nah , i 'm just joking , dw about it, 
  it 's quite astounding you are able to joke about `` far rights '' even in a thread about asians raping little girl, 
  google tyranny and dictatorship, 
  are there any statistics of rapes from england that show ethnic backgrounds of the rapists ? 
  or crime in general ? 
  i mean there 's no need to speculate on this stuff , either they are `` hurting you '' or they 're not , either they 're `` barbarians '' or they 're not , either they have `` respect for your laws and customs '' or they do not . 
  i mean just bring out the ratio and percentage of such culprits from crime statistics and if you are right , it 's good way to shut your opponents mouth or it 's good way to shut your mouth . 
  why ? 
  those are not qualities that guarantee competency or vacancy in anything really , or shouldnt if africans in eu want african to represent them , should n't they vote for one instead then ?
