  like ? 
  you do realize the mena muslim migrants have n't really integrated anywhere in the western world . 
  it has n't worked in sweden , finland or pretty much anywhere with mena migrants , why you think it would work in baltic countries ? 
  of course , immigration is more far right in reddit , because the calling for executions of migrants is so prevalent , but of course you ca n't share anything to prove that anyhow i have better things to do than quarrel with child or someone that 's immature, 
  there 's many reasons but , yeah generous & lax welfare is the biggest reason you either believe it or not , i do n't really care, 
  ah yes , you have the proof just not one you can share, 
  and how 'd that help ? 
  i do n't mind you calling anyone out as far right or nazi , i just think you should at least be able to name what they are and give concrete example of them , failure to do so seems childish to me hence i called you out as one . 
  all you did was vague description of people calling for executions when i asked what and who you are speaking of, 
  well , of course he 's not going to afford buying tablets for his children with meager salary of 5,000 $ / month, 
  they 're not going to poland now are they , they 're going to sweden and germany because of their welfare system . 
  so you use anecdotal evidence to tell me different story from statistical data ? 
  well i suppose it does make sense , considering you do n't really have anything else but anecdotes . 
  anyhow , you 're telling me you need immigrants to upkeep your system , when they 're burden in said system . 
  those claims sort of contradict each other . 
  or are we supposed to see results at what time span ? 
  sweden started their project of mena migrants in the 70s and they 're still not seeing the rewards , so more than 50 years ? 
  well i ca n't say you lot are undeserving of your fate , just remember if it does n't work out - well it 's only your entire future that 's at stake here . 
  and your children , and their children . 
  or who am i kidding , you are leftist german , you are n't going to have children . 
  but like i said , you people do n't really have anything but lies . 
  go ahead , name few there 's reason you ca n't, 
  well lax welfare system for everyone for simply existing for starters, 
  they 're being brought here from the coast of libya , by that logic you could sink your ship from the coast of china and go to norway . 
  i 'm going to be frank here , to me it sounds that you are just using buzzwords like far right to argument your case , as it 's easier to argument with name calling rather than logic , as i already wrote . 
  it 's something children usually do , so i ca n't blame you . 
  anyhow , we 're the same . 
  i do n't really care to discuss with you so it 's fine to leave it here . 
  i see , so the mena migrants are n't economic burden , there are no terrorists among the migrants coming from mena region , they 're mostly children & women , and about third of them are highly educated . 
  i really ca n't think of a single , let alone multitude of things that the people advocating for immigration from mena region that would be true and not a lie . 
  but go ahead , something about pigeon knocking over all the pieces , taking a shit on the chess board , and strutting around like it 's the winner by telling he 's right . 
  so tell me , o ' wise one , how frontex has been anything but a ferry service then ? 
  maybe poland is against paying taxiing people to europe if they have to pay for it . 
  then again they 're all going for germany so perhaps they should pay for it , something about stupid games and stupid prizes, 
  well seeing people from left wing support decrease in immigration from mena countries would be just seeing overton window moving or actual populism at work . 
  we do know from history of sweden for example , that they used to punish , which is the exact reasoning used back then , `` racist '' voters for increasing their support of sd by doubling their immigration from mena countries . 
  of course i 'm not saying there are none from the left that never thought this was good idea , but i 'm saying their number or support was never that high . 
  but i 'd love to see how widespread the calling for executions is , because the cries for far right are rampant , but then again it 's a lot easier to justify your arguments with name calling rather than logic . 
  anyhow the discussion itself is pretty much useless here , because we already have data from education and employment levels for what the future brings , if sweden failed `` fixing '' the problem then who has a chance in succeeding ? 
  and the future will be much , much harder with fewer europeans , and massive amounts of more mena migrants and fewer funds to work around the problem . 
  immigration is cumulative , so are the cost and change that come with it . 
  already over half of the expenses from social expenditure go to migrants in sweden , there 's limit on how much people can afford to pay for things that are detrimental , not to mention we 're seeing quite blatant moving of overton window, 
  well those people are proven right at every turn , it might be good idea to listen what they 're saying for a minute, 
  got ta remove wrong think for spreading too much you know but i suppose this view only applies to few moderators as it was restored, 
  and what it tells you when left leaning forum is far right on immigration ? 
  there 's already been polling for most of europe and those polls have concluded europe or europeans no longer want muslim immigration , or immigration from mena countries . 
  and how would you define far right in regards to immigration ? 
  `` having the same policies as rest of the world ? '', 
  why would we need to take rest of the world in and change for worse for ourselves ? 
  i think only europe is shrinking or doing anything in regards to climate change as far continents go . 
  pretty useless to tackle overpopulation or pollution problems alone when the rest of the world will just destroy any meager achievement you manage to pass . 
  i suppose it 's because they 're being proven right at every turn now ? 
  not today , but they 're what they are today because of what they 've build 30 years ago and decisions back then . 
  they are what they are in 10-20 years because of decisions of today , you know you ca n't keep welfare state floating with debt money forever and when you ca n't pay everyone docile with free money , well what happens then will be interesting the very least . 
  you are aware that cost and change for immigration is cumulative ? 
  i personally do n't think sweden will have welfare state in 15 years and that will have very negative ramifications and snowball effect . 
  who cares what kind of dialogue you have , it 's not like you can afford playing game of pretend much longer , and that 's when the fun part starts . 
  you think you 're having problems now , really ? 
  what exactly do you people think will happen once you no longer can afford paying welfare . 
  there 's myriad of ways to measure integration levels , whether it 's employment , level or quality of linguistic skills or perhaps crime or education levels . 
  anecdotes are only good for one thing and one thing only , saying you do n't have anything else . 
  whether my examples are bad or not , well there 's no point debating that in the end you can google things out yourself if you do n't believe them , or perhaps the fact you think them ridiculous tells me everything there 's to tell about how well informed you are about current events . 
  anyhow , just because you 've never seen something does n't mean it does n't exist , unbelievable but it 's true . 
  putting hands on your eyes does n't make you or the rest of the world disappear . 
  anyhow , there are plenty of other sources besides `` dubious breibart '' and the likes to tell the same story , we 've got enough data over generations now to tell what 's to come , or what to expect . 
  but i 'm sure you already know that and just pretend being silly . 
   funnily , the one polish immigrant i know is in the process of converting to islam . 
  that 's real assimilation there . 
  yes , when everything else fails turn to anecdotes . 
   but really , it 's quite obvious that polish migrants create communities for just themselves . 
  polish supermarkets are popping up left and right , and their owners only speak polish . 
  muslims are , relatively , well-integrated , as they 've been here for longer and thus speak the language ( better ) , know the politics of the country and have some contacts with people outside their ethnic group . 
  yeah , i 'm not buying that and you should probably tune down the anecdotes . 
  there probably are polish markets and poles that ca n't speak english but the number is minuscule compared to mena muslim immigrants that do n't bother with host language or rules , hence sharia courts and whole market places that have emphasis on arabic rather than english or host language . 
  you can google street this stuff , i remember seeing google views on paris where whole blocks had nothing but arabic in them - in paris . 
  if this claim comes to debate or you question it i do n't mind spending some time searching for it , it 's not that long ago i saw it . 
   mass migration from ee countries has been going for less than 15 years , so it is a bit early to tell whether people are settling permanently . 
  eastern europe has been east of western europe for a while  while this is anecdotal , most of the poles i 've met when living in the uk were intending to stay there and were very critical of going back home , seeing little future for themselves . 
  it is only now , that uk is leaving the eu , that i hear people seriously considering returning . 
  eastern europe has been east of western europe for a while and even now there 's not sizable `` eastern european '' communities that have not integrated , yet same can not be said about muslim communities , despite living in europe for 2-4 generations already . 
  i really have to rectify my mena immigrant statement as it 's mostly muslim mena immigrants that `` shit all over '' after looking into us arabs . 
  well , that 's anecdotal evidence . 
  i 'm not saying they do not migrate , but i 'm saying they do not immigrate for good , or i 'm not saying they 're not going to pay for themselves . 
  i 'm however saying that eastern europeans and mena immigrants are not the same in this regard . 
  well that was my line of reasoning too , there 's a lot higher unemployment in france too right now , and it 's even higher when you look at youth unemployment . 
  then there 's the whole issue of state of emergency . 
  well i 'm a quite bit more pessimistic for their reasons , but you are free to have your opinion too . 
  it 's incredible , i ca n't think of any reason to leave france for uk and these people would live in ` jungle ' rather than live in france if they have the prospect of living in uk . 
  maybe france resembles their home too much today , and they decide they do n't want to stay there because they do n't like their home that much ? 
  if we ca n't decide common immigration policies i do n't think we 're ready to agree on shared military , especially how out of reach the current eu leaders seem to be . 
  not to mention there 's no guarantee that western eu countries would come defend eastern eu , i remember reading how 20 % germans would defend their own country , let alone others . 
  then there 's the whole demographic change with people who would n't defend their own country against tiny insurgency , isis forces were about 200k max strong according to every intelligence agency and syria + iraq with combined population of +50 m could n't handle them , instead they fled - to eu . 
  now tell me , what guarantee there 's that people as i 've mentioned would defend foreign country when it does n't `` profit '' them . 
  armies and military exist to guarantee safety of their own people , not push agenda of the elite in foreign lands as we 've seen with few countries you could say are the most affluent in eu . 
   this ideology has nothing to do with religion do you even know what wahhabism and salafism are ? 
  what 's the point of mena immigration if you end up just paying more than you would without them ? 
  i mean , welfare and such things are one thing but we 're talking about socialized housing , lowered social cohesion and other such things that are far more costly than you could measure with money alone . 
  i mean increase in housing prices due to socialized housing has direct impact on birth rates for one , it 's quite difficult to start family when you ca n't afford even a flat while working 40h/week with anything lower than bachelors degree . 
  https://www.google.fi/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=sp_dyn_tfrt_in&amp;idim=country:irq:syr:swe&amp;hl=fi&amp;dl=en http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?c=sw&amp;v=26 and you 've taken about 500k more migrants past decade or so , pretty sure we do n't need to debate that, 
  birth rates and deaths ?
