  what similarities do they share then ? 
  or is every party that gains popular vote now a nsdap party ? 
  i 'm confused . . 
  how 's us dictatorship ? 
  or uk ? 
  or hungary ? 
  you are just exaggerating and using words you really do n't know meaning of . . and for example most corruption is prevalent in the democrats in us and how , and what measure do you use for right being corrupt ? 
  just because you do n't like something does n't mean you get to slander them with words that you do n't even know what they mean . 
  turkey is pretty much turning into pocket of corruption for different reasons altogether though , and they 're more religious than right . 
  it 's funny , because you are cherry picking and exaggerating it 's not like finland is dictatorship , it 's not like denmark is dictatorship , it 's not like norway is dictatorship, 
  well to be fair , they jail people for shitposting in facebook in uk and germany . 
  how they remind you of nsdap ? 
  it feels like you are using buzzwords and are just upset because you ca n't send your migrants to poland or something . 
  pis won because eu and european countries went full retard with immigration and `` refugees '' ( we were advertised them being doctors , children , women , and instead of had illiterate young men and most of them are not even refugees ), 
  i suppose living in europe is now a human right ? 
  or what breach of human right you speak of , besides anti immigration ? 
  for weak southern people, 
  who would 've thought that subsidizing your borders to 3rd world country would n't work , weird eh ? 
  african american for example refers to a black person in us i do n't really see why you 're keen on arguing on general knowledge you can even google this stuff out yourself instead of trying to twist things around , it 's not like you change anything, 
  and they are europeans and asians ethnically, 
  it seems you fail to realize what ethnic x means, 
   european -  an adjective referring to someone/something from europe and i 'm speaking of europeans on a global level , as in what 's their status in quantity compared to rest of the world , which is quite small , hence ethnic group , whether they 're immigrants or not they still belong to the european ethnic group pool . 
  yes , european can refer to nationality of a person which is in europe , but european also refers to ethnicity . 
  same goes to nationalities and ethnicites , you can google this yourself if you do n't believe me . 
  what do you mean ? 
  is there black ethnic group that 's european ? 
  there are like 5 % white south africans and the number gets smaller each year you know , that globally europeans or white people are tiny minority, 
   uhhhh ... huh . 
  ukip ring a bell ? 
  just because the uk effectively has a two party system does n't mean that the alt right is n't a thing . 
  then do define alt right , as i see ukip is not a alt right thing . 
  ukip has been working trying to remove uk from eu for over a decade now , in case you did n't know . 
   far right parties challenging incumbants all across the continent ? 
  protest movements like pegida , arson against buildings that house migrants , outright terrorist attacks both at the hands of islamists as well as attacks against foreigners ... far right parties ? 
  sure , but so ? 
  overton window was so much over the left past few years that anything that even hinted possibility of slowing down immigration was either perceived as far right or outright fascists . 
  protest movements like pegida , well i have to say i 'm not very closely acquainted with them so i ca n't say much , however from what i do ( limited ) is that they 're not really destroying anything , just protesting a immigration scheme , that 's clearly playing itself as detrimental ( continental wise - from mena region ) arson attacks , well there are arson attacks by the immigrants themselves and by terrorists and there are attacks after attacks , it 's vicious cycle . 
  but we 've already established that migrants do burn dwellings that have been designated to them , at the expense of tax payers . 
  outright terrorist attacks ? 
  from what i can tell , there are 0 casualties from european attacks towards muslims in europe past 5 years , but however people have been jailed for tying bacon to a door or shit posting in the internet . 
  sure , there are attacks against foreigners , but then again there are attacks from foreigners , you can see any crime data in eu that the latter is more common the other . 
  ( by a very large margin ratio wise ), 
  alt right is n't what caused brexit , nor were the alt right a big factor in the decision political unrest , such as ? 
  brexit was a sum of different factors , immigration played big part in the decision, 
  can you give concrete example then ? 
  i do n't think alt right will destabilize the europe though, 
  finns are too good for this world , it 's best if we went for our dimension and left you in this hell . 
  also you should change sweden to jihad flag or some rape symbol if you wanted to trigger them . 
  saying sweden is rape capital of the west is sure way to get replies from swedes . 
  i see , well i suppose my view of france is too pessimistic , then again bad news travel faster for a reason, 
  it 's not about just tourists , it 's about losing investments in the form of tourism and the image that comes with it , in other words losing potential investors , remember that the 1.5 b is from revenue deficit from tourism alone , there 's potential investments and how even people in france perceive their country . 
  about 10k millionaires fled france in 2015 and it 's ongoing trend . 
  everything is not right with france atm . 
  i see , do you have anything to back the accusation or do you just prefer being racist stereotypes ? 
  what 's worst thing you can imagine eastern europeans doing or enacting to gays what 's worse thing the same for muslims you are just trying to equate things that are not equal, 
  well losing revenue from tourism has hit france quite badly , paris alone lost 1.5 b worth of revenue between 2015-2016 from dying tourism . 
  money talks so to speak , i 'm sure , for example most of the asian tourists do n't care for cheap kebab but rather want the image of france or paris , which kebabs and modern france is somewhat far far away, 
  you are free to think the implications and differences by yourself as i said i hold ho interest having debate in semantics , as you currently are doing, 
  you 're free to debate semantics but i do n't really care much about doing so, 
  i do n't think he personally attends everything he finances personally though it 's not that hard to finance and manage people to push your agendas if you are billionaire, 
  i 'd say corruption but . . it 'd be too blatant and depressing, 
  to be fair , europe won, 
  i suppose we will find out, 
  perhaps the people trying to scrounge food their entire lifes are not really intelligent then ? 
  i mean if cold northern countries and live in abundance , then countries with better arable land and no real limitations to farming should have it better , no ? 
  should n't the point that they simply ` survive ' tell a tale itself ? 
  your points are something if ignored will lead to demise of many countries, 
  russia has done quite a lot , it 's just gets swept under communism/cold war/cold war v2, 
  do share , i 'm not going to build your argument for you when nation of jews tells you , that are right to accuse of someone , then perhaps the billionaire crying anti-semitism might be full of shit kinda cowardish to delete this reply btw , if you ca n't even argument your case - then do n't even try with vague answers, 
  accept and outlaw are very different concepts, 
   ceu had little to do with this . 
  in fact the cabinet minister have recently admitted that they struck down on the school because soros ' support for migration angered the government . 
  so you could say he has detrimental effect with his funding then ? 
  well at least according to hungarian government and majority of europeans . 
  i do n't know much about ceu , just that they have the islamic feminism and other stupid shit as courses and expect people build anything on that . 
  way to ruin the life of many people by teaching propaganda . 
   for some good measure : the government is spending $ 18 million on this anti-soros campaign , while highlighting that soros ' `` mercenaries '' in hungary are 3 particular ngos with a predominantly legal focus that often criticize and sue the government at hungarian and international courts . 
  a couple years ago there was a 13-strong list , but the other organizations are far smaller and apolitical in nature ( lgbt , roma , women 's rights , drug addiction prevention , etc. ), 
  did n't we read how soros financed university ( with islamic feminism and other stupid courses ) had a lot of whining from being shut down ( read : needing the approval of the state to practice their courses , which i do n't think islamic and other stupid shit will get ), 
  do share then ? 
  or is this perhaps equating things with anecdotal evidence , or better yet not having no basis at all . 
  ` israel backs hungary , says financier soros is a threat ' https://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-hungary-soros-iduskbn19v1j4, 
  yeah , and this is pretty recent phenomena too in the west, 
  half of the muslims in uk want to outlaw homosexuality so there 's start , and they 're supposed to be the elite , most liberal and yadayada ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law and for your convenience , the most left publication i could think of . 
  only in western countries though, 
  just deport them ? 
  like give money to some african country to accept the illegals and deport them there no criminality no hate and you are destroying social cohesion & order with immigration already , there 's good reason army is patrolling the streets in france and some parts of europe already , and it 's not extreme right wing shit posting in internet . 
  but that 's just a guess btw , italy already had such arrangement , before france & eu intervened, 
  it 's shame we 're getting people that complain about food and the weather and leave when it 's getting too cold . 
  or just have sensible border policy and not hand out nationalities like candy and give free money for simply saying `` asylum '' but hey , what do i know, 
  it 's quite sad that this is becoming more common trend and how it 's likely always linked to specific religion that starts with is and ends with lam . 
  i see very little hope of things getting better in this regard , western europe obviously could n't `` integrate '' the religion or the believers in their society and in the future we 'll see more people enforcing their beliefs with greater numbers of muslims and fewer europeans . 
  of course the fault is not entirely due to islam , we 've had peace with tatars , but i can easily perceive how even they would have their religion perverted by foreign influence , ie shared mosque and peers sharing views . 
  not to mention how all of this will affect the society , obviously the social cohesion will die in due time , we 're already seeing it getting fragmented , as will the funds to keep things running , we 're already seeing exodus of millionaires from france , and in all likelihood in investors to france , remember paris alone lost 1.5 billion $ in revenue between 2015-2016 from tourism alone . 
  edit : i also wanted to add that the number of tatars in eu is really small https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tatars, 
  very good , germany should take more action against people having wrong thoughts and posting them online . 
  at least police did raid people having extreme thoughts not so long ago , so it would stand a reason they do . 
  not to mention does n't germany take children over custody if the parent posts racists stuff online ? 
  if you have 10 ugly girls lined with one average looking girl , the average looking girl will look hot .
