  in concert with the development bank 's virtuous impact , credit and investment flows will flood the hitherto arid realms of greece 's economy eventually helping the bad bank turn a profit , and turning ... ` good ' in the process . 
  the next piece in the jigsaw puzzle concerns , naturally , the real economy . 
  slide 6 : looking forward-real economy product markets . 
  the government is considering to : deregulate the market for natural gas consider the french bilateral contracts model in the regulation of the electricity power and distribution sector ( without however privatising the existing power generating company ) deregulate product specifications ( e.g. 
  dairy products , non-prescription pharmaceuticals ) simplify business licensing ( in close cooperation with the world bank ) legislate the inclusion of all discounts into retailers invoices ( to limit supermarkets ' oligopoly power over their local suppliers ) strengthen the competition commission and empower it with its own budget and revenue raising capacity . 
  on our labour markets . 
  recent estimates put up to one third of all paid labour in the informal ( undeclared ) labour category . 
  if one adds to this figure the fact that less than 10 % of unemployed workers ever receive any unemployment benefits , it is clear that the greek labour market is more de-regulated than most other european labour markets . 
  further reductions in worker protection will not benefit high-quality employers , who are bound to be handicapped by having to compete against competitors that hire informal labour . 
  in short , the labour market needs regulation to formalize the informal labour force , with positive externalities for pension funds and government revenues . 
  it is for this reason that most employers ' organisations in greece are in favour of new collective bargaining legislation and higher minimum wages . 
  to this effect the government has already began a fruitful dialogue with the international labour organization ( ilo ) to formulate suitable legislation . 
  turning to our pension system : when the 2012 haircut ( psi ) was effected , pension funds lost $ 26 billion . 
  they also lost one third of contributions due to the collapse in declared paid employment . 
  soon after , pensions were cut by up to 44.2 % in the private sector and up to 48 % in the public sector . 
  as a result , the average pensioner in greece is now one euro away from the official poverty line of 60 % of median income . 
  it is obvious that only a return to job-rich growth can render it sustainable again and any attempt to cut pensions now to balance the books will lead to further pauperisation and another twirl of the debt-deflationary spiral . 
  of course , this does not mean that we should not reform the system while waiting for growth to pick up : early retirements consolidation of smaller funds possible use of leximin method of squeezing pensions from above , rather than horizontally slide 7 : looking forward-synergistic reforms growth ? 
  can one imagine greece recovering strongly as a result ? 
  absolutely !, 
  in a world of ultra-low returns , greece will be seen as a splendid investment opportunity , causing a steady stream of foreign direct investment to flow inwards . 
  as the overly negative expectations turn positive the problem will be to contain ` irrational exuberance ' . 
  the danger will then be of a repetition of the capital inflows of the pre-2008 era that ended up in debt-fuelled ponzi growth ? 
  to ensure that this time it is different , greece will need to reform its social economy and its political system . 
  creating new bubbles is not our government 's idea of development . 
  democratic governance reforms slide 8 : democratic reforms during greece 's era of debt-fuelled-growth , capital flows were channelled by commercial banks into a frenzy of consumerism and by the state into an orgy of unlawful procurement and general profligacy . 
  this time it will be different . 
  the new development bank will take the lead in targeting scarce home-grown resources into selected productive investments in start-ups , it companies that make use of local human capital , organic-agro small and medium sized enterprises , export-oriented pharmaceutical companies , means of attracting the international film industry to greek locations , educational programs that take advantage of greek intellectual production and unbeatable historical sites etc. 
  in the meantime , the regulatory authorities will be keeping a watchful eye over commercial lending practices while a debt-brake will prevent our government from indulging into bad , old habits , ensuring that our state never again slips into primary deficits . 
  cartels , anti-competitive invoicing practices , senselessly closed professions , and a bureaucracy that has traditionally turned the state into public enemy no . 
  1 , will soon discover that our government is their worst foe . 
  greece 's development has in the past been arrested by the unholy alliance between oligarchic vested interests and : political parties , scandalous procurement , clientelism , the permanently insolvent media , the ` accommodating ' banks , weak tax authorities and a snowed-under , fear-stricken , judiciary . 
  only the bright light of democratic transparency and efficient government can dissolve this dark alliance . 
  our government is determined to help it shine through . 
  the text of the talk ( [ powerpoint slides link ] ( https://varoufakis.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/brussels-ebs2015-keynote-7-may-2015-a-blueprint-for-greeces-recovery-within-a-consolidating-europe.ppsx ) ) : a blueprint for greece 's recovery within a consolidating europe brussels ebs2015 keynote 7th may 2015 today all eyes are turned on two processes : the british election and the negotiations that are unfolding here in brussels between our team and the technocratic staff from european institutions , plus the international monetary fund . 
  interestingly , both processes , the electoral one in britain and the continuing greek drama , contain the seeds of potential fragmentation at the level of the european union . 
  it is crucial that we find ways of preventing such fragmentation , at both ends of the continent . 
  if we fail , history will pass a deservedly harsh judgment upon us all . 
  let me focus on only one of the two processes -- the one i am qualified to discuss : the negotiations happening close by at the level of the brussels group over the greek loan agreement and its conditionalities . 
  months of negotiations , even since we were elected in late january , have failed to produce an agreement . 
  i trust that one will emerge very soon . 
  however , it is useful to ask : why is it taking so long to reach agreement ? 
  fruitless recriminations aside , one tangible reason is that all sides have been focusing too much on the strings to be attached to the next liquidity injection and not enough on a vision of how greece can recover and develop sustainably . 
  this is why i think it important to visualise a recovering greece , within a changing eurozone . 
  not only is there a pressing need to come up with such a blueprint for greece 's recovery but , additionally , this commonly agreed blueprint may prove the catalyst that unlocks the present impasse . 
  furthermore , as i already touched upon , such a blueprint for greece may also help europe address some of its design faults . 
  after all , the euro crisis began in earnest in greece . 
  why should we restrain ourselves from imagining that a lasting solution , a process of genuine continental consolidation , can also begin with a blueprint for greece 's recovery ? 
  so , back to the question : why has white smoke not emerged from the brussels group yet ? 
  after all our government and the institutions already agree on a great deal : greece should never have to borrow again in order to pay for its salary and pension bill . 
  public debt needs to be managed and reconfigured greece 's tax system needs to be revamped and the revenue authorities must be freed from political and corporate influence . 
  the pension system is ailing . 
  the economy 's credit circuits are broken . 
  the labour market has been devastated by the crisis and is deeply segmented , with productivity growth stalled . 
  public administration is in urgent need of modernisation , and public resources must be used more efficiently . 
  overwhelming obstacles block the formation of start-ups and impede entrepreneurship . 
  competition in product markets is far too circumscribed . 
  inequality has reached outrageous levels , preventing society from uniting behind essential reforms . 
  oligarchic interests rule supreme , act as a brake on growth and cause resentment that makes reform difficult . 
  so , we agree on all this . 
  this consensus aside , agreement on a new development model for greece requires overcoming two hurdles . 
  first , we must concur on how to approach greece 's fiscal consolidation and our management of public debt . 
  second , we need a comprehensive , commonly agreed reform agenda that will underpin that consolidation path and inspire the confidence of greek society on the one hand and our partners on the other . 
  beginning with fiscal consolidation , the issue at hand concerns the method . 
  the institutions have , over the years , relied on a process of backward induction : they set a date ( say , the year 2019 ) and a target for the ratio of nominal debt to national income ( say , 120 % ) that must be achieved before money markets are deemed ready to lend to greece at reasonable rates . 
  slide 1 : backward induction then , under arbitrary assumptions regarding growth rates , inflation , privatization receipts , and so forth , they compute what primary surpluses are necessary in every year , going backwards to the present . 
  the result of this method , in our government 's opinion , is an ` austerity trap ' . 
  when fiscal consolidation turns on a pre-determined debt ratio to be achieved at a predetermined point in the future , the primary surpluses needed to hit those targets are such that the effect on the private sector undermines the assumed growth rates and thus derails the planned fiscal path . 
  indeed , this is precisely why previous fiscal-consolidation plans for greece missed their targets so spectacularly . 
  slide 2 : austerity vs nominal gdp growth the greek government 's position is that instead of backward induction we should map out a forward-looking plan based on reasonable assumptions about the primary surpluses consistent with the rates of output growth , net investment , and export expansion that can stabilize greece 's economy and debt ratio . 
  if this means that the debt-to-gdp ratio will be higher than 120 % in 2020 , we need to devise smart ways to rationalize , re-profile , or restructure the debt -- keeping in mind the aim of maximising the effective present value that will be returned to greece 's creditors . 
  besides convincing our partners that our debt sustainability analysis should avoid the austerity trap , we must overcome the second hurdle : the ` reform trap ' . 
  the previous reform program , which our partners are so adamant should not be ` rolled back ' by greece 's new government , was founded on internal devaluation , wage and pension cuts , loss of labour protection , and price-maximising privatisation of public assets . 
  our partners and the institutions tell us that , given time , this agenda will work . 
  that if wages fall further , employment will rise . 
  that the way to cure an ailing pension system is to cut pensions . 
  and that privatizations should aim at higher sale prices to pay off debt that many ( privately ) agree is unsustainable . 
  by contrast , our government believes that this program has failed , leaving the population weary of reform . 
  slides 2 & 3 vividly demonstrates this failure . 
  slide 3 : wage decline vs export growth besides the loss of national income , that has pushed the debt-to-gdp ratio toward 180 % , the best evidence of this failure ( see table 3 ) is that , despite a huge drop in wages and costs , export growth has been flat , with the elimination of the current-account deficit being almost exclusively due to collapsing imports . 
  additional wage cuts will not help export-oriented companies mired in a credit crunch . 
  and further cuts in pensions will not address the true causes of the pension system 's troubles ( low employment , a large proportion of undeclared labour and a ramshackle social welfare system that pressurises the state to pension off unemployable workers in their late 50s or early 60s ) . 
  such measures will merely cause further damage to greece 's already-stressed social fabric , rendering it incapable of providing the support that our reform agenda desperately needs . 
  greece 's recovery : what will it take ? 
  first and foremost , it will take the restoration of investment and credit both which have been decimated by seven years of debt-deflation ( 2008-2015 . 
  but how can this be done ? 
  how can we restore investment and credit to levels consistent with escape velocity ? 
  yeah mostly by flyers on the streets telephone poles and also outside of apartments by hanging out big posters indicating that the apartment is for rent . 
  greek gyros with tzatziki is awesome . 
  and greek souvlaki with tzatziki !, 
  you can get the gyros/souvlaki either to be pork or chicken . 
  greek alchohol will be ouzo or tsipouro or raki , depending where you will go to . 
  greek here . 
  varoufakis said just before being elected that his career will be a short one and that he wo n't be around after the summer . 
  i always wondered why did he say that ? 
  as if there ever has been a more capable greek finance minister than him ? 
  maybe everything was planned all along ... maybe that 's just conspiracy speaking - honestly i have no idea at this point who and what to believe . 
  time will reveal more i guess . 
  this needs to be way higher up . 
  i never saw the actual debt of my country in such detail .
