i totally agree with you . 
  i find it interesting that the same story is being told inside the company as well ( i 'm an employee ), 
  you also have to know that the splt happened as the company was split into 2 separate companies , due to a fued between the albrecht brothers ( aldi = albrecht discount ) , as one wanted to sell tobaco products and the other not . 
  so the company split , each took a country , and slowly but surelly the diversity between the two companies and shops keept increasing . 
  not much is common anymore apart from the name if i 'm honest . 
  edit : so , it was n't a strategy or any sort of move to increase their position , if anything it made them weaker . 
  they did however agree not to traspass in eachothers countries . 
  debt means you 're at least under heavy influence of the debt owner and in today 's world that 's quite a big thing, 
  so you 're saying albania could support a new region which is in ruins , where nothing actually works , social state is nonexistent , industry shattered and what is n't is in foreign ownership ? 
  that because of some twisted ideology you would gladly take this project on , even though it could literally ruin albania ? 
  i 'm not sure if you smoked something or you just do n't distinguish slovenia from serbia or maybe any other slavic country . 
  you need to take a good look at an atlas or go back to school . 
  what link do the russians have with slovenija or putin for that matter is beyond me . 
  just google national debt for 1990 for any ex yugoslav country and google the current ones . 
  slovenia had a larger debt in 2008 than the whole yugoslavia combined , and even when yugoslavia had rations in place, 
  bosnia almost annexed by serbia ? 
  what are you talking about lol, 
  deforestation ? 
  what makes you think albanians ever wanted them ? 
  i think those two joining was nothign but propaganda and that on the ground , it was never an option . 
  i wouldnt be suprised if albanians flat out didnt want anything to do with kosovars , let alone merge into the same country . 
  how would they support a 40 % unimployment region where most of the money spent is acquired through foreign aid and expats ? 
  albania couldnt afford that merger even if the people wanted it, 
  some independance it is , when you cant make your own laws , decide on any fiscal policies without the yanks approvals . 
  unemployment rates 2,5 times over what they were in the early 90s , relying on foreign aid , and being recognized as a independent country by half of the world . 
  i feel bad for everyone trying to make ends meet there and even worse for what the western world did to the region . 
  true , but try calling us alpine croats ... uff ... that hurt a lot more . 
  sums it up ok-ish . no idea about the source credibility but this is as close as a slovenian can sum it up https://www.euractiv.com/section/central-europe/opinion/a-sceptical-view-of-the-slovenia-croatia-arbitration-agreement/, 
  what happened to slovenia in your post ? 
  missing in west , east eu , nothern balkans ( croatia and romania was a wierd pick ) . . :'(, 
  he 's not . 
  he 's regurgitating the same story and following the same narrative without any logic or critical thinking . 
  sadly he 's the only one anyone outside the balkans know . 
  if you scroll a bit further down this chain , you 'll see i 've mentioned several others, 
   which 3 sides ? 
  slovenia , croatia and serbia ? 
  first of all , i think you ca n't put bosnia in there because i doubt there wasuxh profit from us , considering that serbia was much better equipped than us . 
  i also do n't think that croatia or slovenia would profit from prolonging the war ( perhaps attempting to gain more land ? 
  ) , but i do n't know much about that , there are probably some croats or slovenians here to comment on that . 
  serbia also did n't profit from having 3 wars simultaneously , but it was in their interest to keep yugoslavia together and stop the republics from gaining independence . 
  again missing the point . 
  the profit and interest was with individuals running the countries and not countries in general . 
  and yes izedbegovic had a massive interest as his rise to power was done by using the war to make the running president seen incompetent , and alija 's second term was forced in a similar way as bush jr. , which was telling people that no matter how bad of a president he was , it would be a disaster for the security of the country if the president is changed in the middle of the conflict . 
  believe it or not , he could have ended the war before his second term was up , but he would have lost the position if he would . 
  so he decided to screw the country for his benefit . 
  oh ... and ahtisati and other eu big boys supported alija in his plans as they knew how to work with him , and any new person is a potential risk . 
  so ... yes loads of bad and sick interests on all sides and absolutely no regards for human lives , even their own countryman . 
  similarly bad was milosevic excuse to defend serbs in republica srbska in bosnia , but when he realised they do n't care for him , that they have their local politicians and aligences , slobo pulled all support and let them rot . 
  he would have lost his majority if republica srpska would have joined srbija . 
  politics are nasty business and anyone that thinks any of the leaders cared for the people is insane , and any of the generals were not looting and murdering phycopaths is delusional . 
  slobo did n't care about yugoslavia , alija did n't care about bih , kucan did n't care about slovenia , and tudjman about croatia . 
  they all wanted all the power for themselves and being in a federation is the opposite of that . 
  they all wanted to control everything they could . 
  i think you misunderstood my point . 
  a portion of each nation supports their generals and fighters , which are at the same time seen as war criminals by the opposing sides in the war . 
  i 'm talking about what normal people and civilians in each republic stand for , and as a general rule , they tend to stand for their local heores without caring what the opposing factions believe . 
  as an example , gotovina is definitely seen as a war criminal with a lot of people . 
  the fact that croats disagree ( no surprise there ) and that icty blamed the higher ranks ( tudjman , susak , cervenko ) ... and that gotovina was acquitted after being found guilty , and that all 3 mentioned died before the first indictment were issued , does not make him innocent in the eyes of the oluja survivors . 
  but hey ... who cares about context ... let 's just focus on the croatian narrative . 
  whatever works for you buddy ... 
  a portion of people just as a portion of croats support gotovina and a portion of bosnians are totally fine with mudjahedins and wahhabis fighting and supporting their cause . 
  but that sure wo n't keep you from talking further nonsense . 
  having family from belgrade serbia and sarajevo and tuzla in bosnia , reading threads like this is really hard . 
  first using the term ` serbia ' and not the ` serb government and/or military of the 90s ' is actually branding the whole nation as killers and terrorists . 
  drawing comparison to isis is especially distrurbing and sick , especially if you consider that 99 % of the people did n't know what was happening on the front lines , as each republic was spewing hate and concealing all information which would tell its citizens what 's actually happening . 
  it was always the other sides fault . 
  slovenians caused the breakup if you ask serbs . 
  croatians conned slovenians into a referendum if you ask slovenians . 
  croatians were mass murderers ( due to ndh ) and wanted to kill all in knin just because they 're serbs muslims and croatians are ganging up on serb minority in bosnia and we have to defend them slovenians were embargoed by serbs just out of spite ( according to slovenia ) and had to leave the federation or they 'd starve to death . 
  the list of bs goes on and on , and normal citizens did n't have a clue what 's actually happening . 
  most people to this day do n't know what happened . 
  all 3 government sides in the war benefited hugely from prolonging the war , and was disregarding any human casualties or impacts as long as it helped their interest . 
  i know objectivity is almost impossible in threads like this but some people really need to think before they post . 
  and the fact that so many people here are explaining historical events with such authority and are rewriting half of it is a darn shame . 
  especially as europeans with no knowledge of the balkans wars take these things as hard facts . 
  as the title says ... never forget ... edit : formatting, 
  oh boy , no idea where i should start . 
  we were not free or equal part of anything , or are we ignoring last 15 years of the sfry before we broke away ? 
  we did not control anything , had no fiscal freedom , were not allowed to trade with countries we wanted , had no legislative freedom , and could n't really say what we wanted for the most part . 
  oh . . and if you were n't part of the party your job prospects were almost nonexistent . 
  yup sounds like a free country !, 
  loads of european countries were genocidal , conquering maniacs . 
  it only depends how far back in time you go . 
  so should n't we hate all the people coming from those countries which conquered or ruled slovenia during our history , or the region before we had a country for that matter ? 
  the french , austrians , hungarians , italians , serbs , croats , macedonians , greeks , turks , ... and comparing slovenia to a different country depending on what you want to prove , just means your desperate and not objective at all . 
  so you want to go back to the days where 80 % of the country was employed in factories , where the families main goal and measure of success is whether or not they can afford a car , where technology wise we were 20 years behind the west , and probably 30 as a society . 
  i mean yea . . nostalgia feels nice , but for the most part , if anyone could time travel , they 'd hate the `` good ol '' yugoslavian days , now that they 've seen the other side . 
  also , we have been licking boots for the past 2000 years , and have just replaced the last serbian boot with the latests german/us boot . 
  here 's a reality check for you ... a 1.8 million country will always lick boots , as it will never be self-sufficient and will always require backers , sponsors , mentors . . 
  this made me lol at work quite loudly . 
  have an upvote, 
  exactly , and you still have people like u/hrc _ prc whining about off topic discussions . 
  every genocide needs to be condemned , talked about and people reminded of all that happened , no matter who did it or when . 
  nothing was confirmed , but all us agencies agreed they `` bealive '' it was the russians . 
  that 's far from proving . 
  i 'm not saying it wasnt the russians , i 'm just saying that people should think and not blindly follow narratives their government serves them, 
  replace the `` across europe '' with across middle east , central america , south america , and africa and i 'd swear you were talking about the us administration . 
  i really ca n't see how one is better than the other . 
  i do n't get it why we 're so outraged by russian interference in western polital processes , when this is what the us and eu have been doing for 50 years all across the globe . 
  i think a more appropriate thing to do , would be , to welcome them to the club or condone all 3 sides .
