  plus only 20 % of kazhastan is o\u00efl and gaz they have a solid industry . 
   constant inflow of oil money just makes everything so much easier . 
  it also has a multiplier effect on economy as government is spending oil money to feed other sectors . 
  if you take away the oil money then this other spending will disapear also . 
  that still show that your claim that russia is a petro state is false  i already showed that ukraine hanatural resources . 
  8.3 % of their rather small gdp in 2013 . 
  that just means they have relatively little . 
  not necessarily and i speak as as a commodity trader and ex developpement economist . 
  ukraine has vast potentials due to corruption they didnt developp them while in other ex soviets states like russia , kazhastan or belarus they made joint venture with foreigners in order to developp them . 
  ukraine could have easily use her huge farmland inside the corn belt to produce wheat and to export them to hungry china . 
  this is what brazil did , she has the biggest coal reserve in europe and she sit on giant mines . 
   you are trying to sell kazakhstan as successful because of their policies , when in reality it is most importantly due to the oil revenue . 
  seriously you dont find that a succes ?? 
  economist do they had half of their gdp from natural ressources unlike african states or latin american states they were able to get out themselves . 
  furthermore i didnt point only kazhastan but also georgia that again has manage to have less corruption than eu members ( bulgaria and romania ), 
   what do you mean from the eu ? 
  i mean that see here if you dont trust the sources you can check them on the ecb website http://www.money-go-round.eu/country.aspx?id=pl&amp;year=2013&amp;method=gdp  you know that poland contributes to eu 's budget and investments are made as needed ? 
  no they are net receiver  it 's not like the eu shits money . 
  well yes in a certain way . 
   kazakhstan has oil . 
  ukraine and poland do not . 
  russian puppet states in georgia are extremely poor . 
  this is assuming that ukraine has no natural ressources wich is false and they have the best agricultural lands of the continent . 
  they were to corrupt to develop them . 
  georgia is doing fine and has less corruption and an higher growth than both romania and bulgaria . 
  as for kazhastan they move from 40 % dependance on natural ressources to 20 % ( that still show progress ) something the gulf states are not able to do . 
  and poland had 4 % of its gdp from the eu . 
  an amount that the eu dont have for ukraine . 
  furthernore o\u00efl and gaz are 16 % of russian gdp http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.petr.rt.zs in saudi arabia they are 44 % of the gdp, 
  ukraine had its problem on its own . 
  look kazhastan that has almost the same gdp per capita then poland . 
   he said mistreating officer * s * that is still not knowing the dynamics of the russian army . 
  and a clunky attempt to play as an armchair psychologist . 
   you 're the one blindly believing that there 's only one officer being mistreated in the russian military . 
  here we are . 
  you are engaging in sophistries now . 
  right now they are only ** one * '' soldier that is making a declaration and seems to suffer from ptsd  there 's no point discussing this further as it is quite clear that your point of view will forever remain the same and that to you this is a very simple conflict with only one angle to view it from . 
  i love how you are trying to belittle me without knowing my credentials ( read my comment history ) or disregarding the earlier points i made . 
  shopenaheur would be proud breaking you and putting you down will be quite easy i must admit . 
  i will go soft  unfortunately real life is n't as simple as right and wrong or russia vs the u.s. 
  there are other factors at play here . 
  can you developp this point ? 
  i have a genuine interest to know what you mean ? 
   you 're definitely giving out that feeling . 
  the victory day is about russian military victories and imperialism , it does n't take into account all the needless deaths that happened during the war and do you have any sources on that ? 
  i saw people walking with the photos of their grandfathers . 
  and putin and sergei chosu adress to the millions soldier kills . 
  and constant reminder to the fallen soldiers . 
   russians really do n't seem to care what it takes to achieve `` greatness '' . 
  it would seem to me that you do not care how many men die in ukraine or whether the humanitarian situation is good or not right now it is kiev that has cut the water in eastern ukraine and russian military humanitarian trucks that are bringing food aid despite the fear mongering of western media . 
   but rather only about enlarging your land mass and bringing glory to russia . 
  i will never regret crimea since my family is from crimea . 
  nor i woukd allow ukraine to ever retake a majority russian lands unless they agree with a federalization  your `` lol '' at the imprisoned soldier definitely would seem to indicate that he implied that one soldier would cause discord wich is absurd and shockingly not knowing the dynamics inside the russian army . 
   wow . 
  you seem a bit cold toward your soldiers do n't you think !? 
  no and definitely dont know where you get that since it is the complete oposite one need to look the victory day parade . 
   i understand you love your state run media and believe everything putin says , its sad ... so so sad . . it 's like watching a worse version of north korea , putin a madman it is sad that you need to engage in sophistries just to throw a cheap shot . 
   mistreating officers is a great way to create dissent in the ranks . 
  putin might be pushing it . 
  yeah oh big lol , this is not understanding that the army is the most loyal to putin and that almost the entire apparatus is pro putin to the bones and the core . 
  fresh memory of cheychyna where they had worse are still here . 
  the army understand quite well if not they are probably the one pushing for it . 
  a low ranking post traumatic officer wont make anyone blink an eye except maybe for foreigners on / r/europe, 
   you 'll never know until you try , right ? 
  yeah he can try if he want . 
  i am waiting to see for 2018 after the fifa . 
   fair elections and free media ? 
  wich electoral law putin broke ? 
  just type bbc on yandex see this is working you should be happy now i have always advocate when i was a developement economist before . 
  a strong authiritarian leadership on the model of the pap of singapore or the early kmt of ta\u00efwan . 
  russia is on a right path economically so i am not worried much on methaphysical concepts . 
   debates/ads on tv , all what he had were those `` cubicles '' in the streets green parties in some western countries that have 10 - 20 % of the popular vote are not even in debates and all media ignore them . 
  this is the case where i am right now , canada for business and where my children go to school . 
  rising populist parties with 25 % do not get access in television debate in europe or get completely ignore by the medias where usually the political debate is a monopoly between two big centrist parties altough in uk that has been break for the first time this year . 
  but before it was always between the labour and the conservative . 
  france is also is another case . 
   and a blog but he won 27 % of the votes anyway . 
  if he had an hour a week of tv time we 'd probably got an uprising . 
  in russia one party dominate completely , in the west navalny would have been considered as a fringe party . 
  see my answer below where i say outside of \u0421\u0430\u043d\u043a\u0442-\u041f\u0435\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0431\u0443\u0440\u0433 and \u041c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0432\u0430 . 
  you are not important simply get over it . 
   i would appreciate it , though , if channels 1-5 , 24 , etc. 
  would talk about them like they were actually the will of some russian people and not just that stupid `` evil america '' boogeyman they use . 
  fair enough , sure state owned tv could talk about them but even i hugely doubt they would be able to reach 30 % we both know that . 
  as for the americans and their governement i genuinely dislike them ( i was raise in the west ) . 
  `` out of touch '' mean when guy like kasparov and navalny are calling for more sanctions on us or parading in kiev when they say they believe in democratic principles or not able to connect to the reality that russia is conversative in a lesser extent and that they are people outside \u0421\u0430\u043d\u043a\u0442-\u041f\u0435\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0431\u0443\u0440\u0433 . 
  as for this cartoon it is poor misunderstand of our politics and imply that putin didnt deserve his votes or has no legitimacy . 
  i might overeact but considering this sub ... well you know ... 
   oh stop that , love of country does n't mean i ca n't complain about it or criticize the government . 
  never disagree with that but you need to understand the context and in wich sub it was post . 
  do you really think that the majority of us were force to chose putin ? 
  are you denying that he enjoy a real support and that people dont vote for the opposition not because they are force but because the opposition is completely out of touch . 
  \u0410\u043b\u0435\u043a\u0441\u0435\u0301\u0439 is not even able to reach 20 % even if putin apparatus was gone . 
   hahahahahahaha ... awwwww gosh . . get a sense of proud . 
  i dont find nothing funny in that particularly on a sub like that . 
   what does it have to do with anything ? 
  he is not getting money from russia , he does business in russia and probably profits from that . 
  do n't see conflict any conflict of interests here . 
  if obama would own a business in saudi arabia or any western head of states there would be clearly uproar . 
  [ stop taking wikipedia and go to the sources wich mean the world bank for gdp per capita ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd ) as for hdi , nobody take that seriously ( war torn and islamist infest libya is ranked 34 places higher than turkey ) as for gdp nominal , turkey has 70 millions citizens vs kazhastan ( barely 10 millions ) of course in nominal term they will be higher .
