  get your shit together ruble is lower than us$ or the euro being convert we can also add if it is proportionnal to the size of the economy . 
  what tell the tale is the percentage of manufacturial output, 
  high-technology exports ( % of manufactured exports ) http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/tx.val.tech.mf.zs germany : 16 % russia 10 % poland 7 % : finland : 7.86 % ( wich had flagship like nokia ) russia is higher than uk and italy and close to sweden . 
  while in some years being higher sometimes than germany and japan ( 2011 being one ) . 
  please check facts on my country please . 
   you sure no other received this amount per capita ? 
  even if so , you do n't think it was actually fine , cause you or germans never paid any fair reparations ? 
  that has to be a joke ...  according to economical stats we 're on pretty similar level http://i.imgur.com/trevtil.jpg whatever i dont see it in the numbers but then . .  anyways , we got destroyed to the ground , did n't get any fair reparations or help , just your bullshit rule . 
  think whatever u want , we 'll see what will happen to you when natural resources dry up . 
  yeah lets wait ( roll eyes ), 
   gettin some western financial aid was n't some sort of `` cheating '' and whenever i speak with russians , they seem to think that aid was exactly this . 
  lol . 
  that is not the discussion in that case . 
  dont bring russia . 
  p.s : no other countries receive this amount . 
  its always foreigners that try to put poland and russia on the same level . 
  i hugely doubt its russians . 
  yes poland mooch on foreign money there is no shame in that . 
  but dont go out making a comparison with other countries . 
  what does ` low gdp '' mean 26 % wich mean a quarter of a budget given by foreign state . 
  that small nugget i guess ... 
  the oil money is russia own money at the end lol, 
   are you drunk or something ? 
  that 's been the whole argument the whole argument was that you might have oil and oil prices his high but your economy can still be shit and the population live under the poverty line with less than 1 $ and you cant still not able to pay your debts ressources require leadership wich russia had thats why it is not nigeria . 
   your choice of government was your own stupidity nobody vote the communist party in power . 
   any of these countries had their mechanisms in place . 
  those countries miss the boat , the most sad on the list is nigeria wich should have the same level as the saudis but manage to get surpass by every low level producers . 
  we 're arguing that russia 's recovery from the 90s are due to the rise in oil prices . 
  that was never the discussion  i mean , your own links showed that they started after russia . 
  there 's nothing else i need to do here . 
  you 've proven yourself wrong repeatedly . 
  and bullshit , they had acces to the market in the capitalist context well before russia who was still under communism up to 1992 nigeria 1960 angola : 1974 e-g : 1991 all of them start with profits . 
  arab nations on the other hand boost . 
  russia produce oil but his also the third largest consumer in the 1990s the country was in deficit, 
   i linked to the production and proven resources of the mighty nations of angola and equatorial guinea , which you 've taught me russia is to be treated as equal to . 
  yes they should it show that having huge reserves doesnt bring prosperity and that it more what type of leadership the nation has . 
  \u00b8 at the end angola produce more oil than norway and kazhastan but still have 50 % of poverty . 
   so you admit you were wrong and that these countries actually started producing oil long after russia then ? 
  nope those countries start before russia and had net profits , having oil seems to have them to russian level . 
  it show perfectly how the russians leadership perform ( i put various links with stats on three links ) e-g produce oil since 1991 higher than trinidad and tobabgo . 
  but trinidad still has an higher gdp per capita than poland and the baltic states again its leadership . 
   i 'm seeing a trend of ignoring what other people say and posting to other reddit posts . 
  and you didnt adress my links   are you seriously telling me you think russia started producing oil after these dates ? 
  those countries where `` capitalist '' unlike russia and didnt have the 90s collapses.on the other hand their arabs counterparts seems to have reach first world level . 
   yeah , what 's the russian finance minister got to do with the russian economy , anyway ? 
  so speaks kudrin was irreelvant to the conversation nor do i thin k you know the man  iraq was a major oil producing nation . 
  that 's kind of why the bush administration went in there . 
  you 'd think a russian ultranationalist would be all over that . 
  irak history didnt start in 1991 or 2003, 
  at that point name calling might be the only hing that work with you   you probably should n't have occupied them under brutal regimes for 50 years georgia should probably have not repeal their regionnal parties in 1988 and ban their demands for autonomy + repeal their language . 
  oopsie  ah yes , georgia , where georgians can somehow be the minority while also making up 84 % of the population . #culture ) what you taking about here the real stats georgians where always the minorites in south ossetia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_ossetia#demographics  and then you wonder why you 're poor and your country is ruled by corrupt officers p.s russia has lower poverty line than the eu average by the way . 
   it 's this kind of idiocy that drives other people to view you as treacherous barbarians go crawl under a rock and keep crying . 
   i mean , you did n't do a very good job , did you ? 
  you tried to present the data one way , instead of just presenting it . 
  bla bla bla ( i will act like i didnt see the nonsense you just wrote and provide clear facts and datas ) https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3fvhna/russian_health_officials_comment_on_proposed/cttwlmv https://np.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/3cp7yj/russia_is_top_us_national_security_threat_gen/csy9axs?context=3  after he kicked him out , you mean ? 
  and while kudrin continues to head an ngo that speaks out against putin 's ngo laws ? 
  irrelevant to the conversation  do you want me to link the production and proven reserves articles again ? 
  i dont see how it matter ??? 
  at all since i already gave examples of countries producing and also having huge reserve oil proportionnal to their size and not able to accomplish nothing ( irak under the ba'athist regime and today is a perfect example ) . 
  oil is a changing business , russia became the top only in 2013 today it is the usa that is the largest producer by the way not russia ( you need to update your links ) are all americans having a lambogrghini like the saudis ?? 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-10/u-s-ousts-russia-as-world-s-top-oil-gas-producer-in-bp-report  although i 'd be interested in seeing what source you 've got for nigeria , angola and equatorial guinea `` having '' oil before russia . 
  [ nigeria oil production was the cause of the biafari war in 1967 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nigerian_civil_war ) [ angola start in 1955 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_angola ) [ and equatorial guinea in 1991 ] ( http://abarrelfull.wikidot.com/equatorial-guinea-oil-and-gas-profile ) the average poverty line for those threee nations is still 53 % . 
  there is no point in arguing with you , you look a little bit like a dick and manage to disregard south ossetians history . 
   oh i dare say the poles remember a few other things . 
  i am not talking about poles for south ossetians its up to them both are not the same thing  apart from georgians , who presumably do n't count ? 
  you mean the minority with a long history of opressing ??? 
  gerogia opinion is irrelevant and should be dismiss . 
  second did the baltic states care about the opinion of their russians minorities ?? 
   i 'm sure they did , just not here . 
  for you buddy but that wont make me sleep like a baby . 
  crushing georgia out of those lands was good . 
   you showed poland receiving aid worth of 26 % of their ( tiny ) 1990 gdp . 
  lol you dont find 26 % big ???? 
  hahaaa  while this is a nice sum then compare it to the natural resource rent that russia was cashing in every year . 
  we did this conversation again some countries had oil but didnt perform as russia , i showed you examples . 
  second see how that rent evolve from being 43 % of the gdp in 2003 to 16 % in 2010 ( the saudi are not even able to reduce it ) . 
  i will also note that natural ressources rent is what drive industrialisation in the world . 
  for the west and asia it was `` agriculture '' . 
  oil speed up the process . 
   are you sure you want to refer to conflicts from 100 years ago to present yourself as some sort of righteous defender ? 
  first it was not one century ago second there is an history also under soviet rule and as soon as 1989 when ussr dod collapse and russia was busy collapsing . 
  i am with a south ossetian girl . 
  ( 1917-1920 war ) is part of their national myth and the council of java where a good chunk of their folklore come from with kosta kaziev !!!, 
  similar how poles remembers warsaw upprising and the hungarians budapest . 
  nobody ever want georgia rule . 
  russia did something good by putting georgia on its place . 
  please i an economist , i provide stats ans example for countries that were in the same situation . 
  you are throwing me hearsay . 
  interesting putin has learn from kudrin the last years . 
  by the way most of those poor countries had exploit oil before russia ( nigeria for one with his oil reserve ), 
   i showed you how a petrostate equatorial guinea posted even more impressive growth during the oil boom years . 
  i showed you the poverty line wich tell all the tale and how equatorial guinea miss the boat and was incompetent . 
  and i showed you the evolution of industry as a percentage of the gdp . 
   russia having all that oil and still lagging behind poland and baltics , who do n't have natural resources , is not a grand achievement of good administration . 
  first russia has an higher gdp per capita than poland and latvia the only other exceptions are lithuania and estonia ( wich are small and tiny states ) at the end the 5 biggest cities of russia have an higher gdp than them . 
  second i showed you that poland had help before even 2000 in another comment . 
  russia didnt have germany and the biggest eu countries providing her cohesion funds , free access to their market and the possibilities to export some of its workforce to those countries . 
  remember also that latvia was bailout by the eu in 2009 . 
   i made the same gdp graph for equatorial guinea . 
  all hail the genius of teodoro obiang nguema mbasogo !,
