  by the way the charge on sakavchilli are more serious than only power abuses anyways . 
   the charges which appeared after a pro-moscow government came to power ? 
  sure he will sue himself right ? 
  you mean after his governement was seriously kickout out of power by a free and fair election recognized by international standards . 
  pro russian that still depend they still want to push for eu integration and have made harsh critics towards russia many times and they did military exercices with the us http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/05/12/world/europe/us-and-georgia-start-military-exercise-criticized-by-russia.html?referrer= keep finding scapegoat for ukraine, 
  the guy is under an arrest warrant for abuse-of-power charges issued by georgia ... another country that want closer ties with the eu at that . 
  as a russian oh god ... that make me laugh edit : downvotes for what ??? 
  lol you people in / r/europe might also want to check who did poroshenko appointed in other regions of ukraine as governors . . you know . . well here the hint . . ( some shady people including oligarchs ) . . 
  good that is falling right now, 
  ok now the discussion will end you cant find excusees for poland . 
  i gave you an entire list wich include czecoslovakia , ( who only became communist in 1948 ) and france . 
  the argument was simple if your clunky point apply to russia the fact it should apply to the entire europe simply . 
  on what are you doing this discussion ? 
  you came here first arguing that the expulsion of the germans was not true wich i prove you was agreed after you tried to bring soviets atrocities wich i show you were done in other zone of expulsion ( wich you purposely never adress )  both * of these were decisions made by the soviet union , and nobody else . 
  there is an entire article on that it was done across all europe from france to norway http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/forced_labor_of_germans_after_world_war_ii * many ethnic germans living within the polish pre-war borders , prior to their expulsion , were used for years as forced labor in labor camps [ 8 ] such as that run by salomon morel . 
  among these camps were central labour camp jaworzno , central labour camp potulice , \u0141ambinowice , zgoda labour campand others . 
  [ 9 ] [ 10 ] the law authorising forced labour , article 20 of the law on the exclusion of the enemy elements from society , also removed rights to polish citizenship and all property owned . 
  you are confusing the explusion decree of the allies with the german evacuation plan at that point it was not soviet responsability . 
   the evacuation of german civilians towards the end of world war ii . 
  ** it is not to be confused ** with theexpulsion after the war had ended . 
  beside what are you arguing it was agreee that they should be kickout that was the whole point of this discussion . 
  as for the death it is nothing compare to the one under the polish and the czech . 
  no it was agree and clearly written that the germans should be expulse . 
  in fact it was the poles that push for that and it was agree in article 12 of the postdam agreement . 
  * allied leaders , franklin d. roosevelt of the united states , winston churchill of the united kingdom , and joseph stalin of the ussr , had agreed in general before the end of the war that the border of poland 's territory would be shifted west ( though how far was not specified ) and that the remaining ethnic german population were subject to expulsion . 
  they assured the leaders of the \u00e9migr\u00e9 governments of poland and czechoslovakia , both occupied by nazi germany , of their support on this issue * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 ) #background ) ), 
  they were more people expelled in the regions i mentionned than in kaliningrad . 
  in fact it was decide by the allies by the potsdam agreement . 
  for the same reasons germany didnt deserve silesia , upper . 
  silesia , east prussia , pomerania and dantzig . 
  yes he is, 
  not really considering that ukraine is the one losing and being in a defensive position . 
  or maybe because 80 % of our gaz pipeline that sell to europe pass thru eastern ukraine, 
  here we go  i just provided an answer to your question , nothing more , nothing less . 
  i 'm not even trying to draw a comparison you know well i was talking of ngos not political parties . 
   come on , you 're grasping straws here . 
  usaid is hardly an ngo , it 's a us government agency for crying out loud . 
  i have provide you the guardian link that show that this agency was with ngos behind the colour revolution . 
  furthermore part of the mission of this agency is to partner with ngos and to provide them funds . 
  in my link we can see that two of the biggest ngos have foster unrest . 
  or you have reporters without borders ( rwb ) / doing unlegit things in cuba while receiving the money of anti castro groups . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/reporters-without-borders-lies-about-cuba/14202 or as early as 2005 in ha\u00efti [ * it was clear early on that rwb ( reporters without borders ) and robert menard were not acting as objective guardians of freedom of the press in haiti but rather as central actors in what can only be described as a disinformation campaign against aristide 's government ... 
  they provide false information and skewed reports to build internal opposition to governments seen as uncontrollable and unpalatable to washington while softening the ground for their eventual removal by providing justification under the pretext of attacks on the freedom of the press . 
  * ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20110604214211/http://www.counterpunch.com/barahona08012006.html ) [ or venezuela ] ( http://www.monde-diplomatique.fr/2002/08/lemoine/9188 ) or the fact that ngos have push african nations to adopt the most anti gays laws ( not that i complain ) you have an entire article on amnisty international on wikipedia . 
  some of them are shocking . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_amnesty_international  your cia text is cherry-picked . 
  just read the first part of the paragraph : dont you think you are going to far ? 
  that text that was first published by wikileaks . 
  in fact just this text should have end this discussion . 
  the part you quote was the introduction and i quoted the conclusion wich was schoking here we have an analyst of the cia outlining everything and corroborating everything . 
  why dont you just admit it ? 
  there is no paranoia in that . 
  a quite good text . 
   please do n't act as if i 'm stupid . 
  i know very well that a law like this is unrealistic , that 's the whole point i 'm making . 
  it 's a bad law that leaves too much room for abuse . 
  yes you are stupid , you have never provide a single points or what would be the alternative . 
  abuse for who ??? 
  foreigners ??? 
  it doesnt concern the russians . 
  if you dont like it come in the country and register inside , this is simple . 
  we have the local association or group promoting its way of life inside the community or engaging with the locals . 
  and suddenly you have the foreigners coming with 20 millions dollars fund given by unknow people in a far away land displacing the locals association and monopolising public speech . 
  the little association is soon displace because it cant compete equally and the big one is monopolising public speech . 
  you people are walking cancer for societies simply . 
   the countries i 'm speaking of in the 20th century are predominantly european , so your comparison does n't make sense . 
  the point i was trying to make is that laws like this have already existed in the past and that they opened up routes to abuse . 
  if you want an example of governments abusing vague laws because they felt threatened , look up great-britain in its fight against ira , spain vs eta or just the us during the mccarthy days . 
  none of these laws were necessary and some even contributed in escalating conflicts . 
  sorry theres no comparison this law is made to crackdown on foreigners . 
  those historicals examples are horsheshit in fact i might even ask you to show me a clear example because i know you wouldnt be able to do it . 
  the fact that you also disregard non european countries is fucking idiot there is a world outside of europe . 
  furthermore you have south korea , ta\u00efwan who became democratic without the help of ngos . 
  in fact cracking them early have probably help them . 
  your are talking about methaphysical concepts that do not fit in societies outside the west . 
  and frankly i never believe in this democratic crap . 
  when i was a developping economist i have always advocate africans to go full authoritarian and to follow the east asian model . 
  i call myself an historicist because like the german school of history ( it is linked to the other schools ; of law , economics ) i do n't believe in `` vague metaphysical rights '' or fixed laws , but rather hold that a peoples political system must be in line with their history , customs , and traditions ; and furthermore must be appropriate for the time and place ; all nations may achieve peace and prosperity , but it will never be in the same way . 
   the funding to extreme-right political groups in europe is indeed not enough to ` fuel unrest ' because countries like france are stable democracies and because that was n't the point of the ` loans ' given by russia . 
  then why you are bringing it ? 
  ? and making a comparison ? 
   the article about fake vaccination program does n't mention any involvement of ngo 's , so i do n't know what you 're trying to prove there . 
  oh please you have cia agents passing themselves as usaid doctors . 
  the same usaid that has been diretly involve in trying to overthrow the cuban regime three years ago . 
   but to think they 'll try to destabilize the russian government through ngo 's is bordering on the paranoid . 
  here we go i have show you a link with the guardian . 
  i have show you a link with the us funding color revolutions on russia borders in every single pro russian regime going as far as the us amabassasor providing printing press to the protesters . 
  and give me a break you have the cia acknkwledging that how ngos are useful [ ironically , ngos have also mushroomed in part because government has been willing to fund them to perform services and tasks that might otherwise be implemented by soldiers and civil servants . 
  thus , the interdependence of the official world of government and the `` third sector '' is growing , and information needs to be part of the equation . 
  ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/vol49no4/usg_ngos_5.htm ) note that this text was first published by wikileaks  while i do n't agree with the way the austrians handled that , i do want to point out something that they did which does n't apply to this new russian law : it 's specific . 
  that 's the whole point of why i think this law is just plain bad . 
  it allows the government to dictate what it sees as ` good ' or ` bad ' without any limits . 
  russia is egalitarian the austrians are unabashed and targeting muslims . 
  if you are a foreign ngo that shouldnt be your business , feel free to sue the russian governement . 
   if this had been a law that clearly defined what constituted a ` good ngo ' or a instead , the russian government passed a law where they can freely ban any ngo that goes against their agenda . 
  and how would you do that ? 
  did you see the comment of another user it is basically impossible and should be done case per case . 
   look , let 's be clear here : if this law was passed by the us senate or by any european country i 'd be having the same problems with it . 
  this kind of law has proven to be bad for anyone who does n't share the same views as the ones who pass it . 
  just look at the 1950 's with its similarly vague anti-communist laws .
