  singapore political system ( how the ruling party control the political machine is no more different than that of russia if not worse ) while being one of the least corrupt countries on earth . 
  china aimed or should aimed for that system in case trouble arise and it was one of their model in hk and macao . 
  the first visit of chinese head of states were ususally to lee kuan yew in singapore . 
   and those corrupt asian countries have improved today and doing very well all the corrupt ruling parties that were in power in the 60s and 70s and in the case of taiwan ( up until the 90s ) are virtually the same that are in power today or in the political scene . 
  china may be a one party state but this party is only superficially monolithic and constantly evolving . 
  the bo xilai incident led to an official adoption of rooting out corruption . 
  environmental neglect ( lax oversight was policy , development at all costs ) is also being tackled with renewable energy as a priority . 
  if you think about it , all these issues are general public concerns , elites had been and were great beneficiaries of these past policies . 
  from an economic perspective , look at how important municipal and regional debt is in china and tell me that is not autonomy at work . 
  heck , bo xilai became so powerful after having successfully developed chongqing ( they even coined it the `` chongqing model '' after this ) . 
  rising in the ranks within the ccp is closely linked to the developmental success of your region during your post . 
   taiwan , hong kong , and singapore all had some form of western influence , not to mention smaller populations which are manageable as a republic or democracy you mean the most corrupt asian countries in the 50s up until the 60s and 70s . 
  actaually taiwan start to curb corruption only in th early 90s . 
  population has nothing to do with performance  china becoming like singapore is laughable . 
  i am a developement economist and i deal with facts . 
  china is on a good way, 
   no , they do n't . 
   chinas goverment and political system is extremely inefficiently run mostly because decades of systematic and widespread corruption from bottom to top and their nationwide stranglehold on controlling information and their citizens is costing them an insane amount of money and is an expenditure that will only keep increasing as long as the middleclass in china grows go ask `` singapore '' this what i hope china will turn . 
   this is also more or less exactly what people would claim about assad , ben ali , gaddafi and hosni mubarak before the arab spring . 
  people just `` loved '' them . 
  [ because unlike china they were not `` developpemental states '' ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/developmental_state ), 
   the countries that do exactly as russia wants never have to worry . 
  this is exactly why i put mongolia . 
  they dont have a `` pro russian government '' they are neutral as much asia or latin america is neutral and they are pursuing a free trade agreement with both china and russia . 
  the only countries that are pro russian in the regions are belarus , kazhastan , taijikstan and armenia . 
  the other stans and azerba\u00efdjan are no more different than any other countries . 
  kyrzhystan hosted american bases ans had a pro western government for example after the rose revolution . 
   it is countries that try doing things differently . 
  look at how little tension there was between ukraine and russia for so many years . 
  and that is false russia had hostile relations with ukraine from 1991 until 1994 when kuchma took over , at which point russia 's relations with ukraine were strained but friendly . 
  in 2004 , after the orange revolution , russia 's relations with ukraine became hostile again until 2010 when yanukovich was elected and repaired them . 
  ukraine and russia have * never * been allies . 
   as soon as there is a popular uprising russia annexes a huge swath of ukraine and invades another . 
  so yes , as long as countries do exactly as russia says , they do not have to worry . 
  that is false since there was quite a few pro western governements in the regions . 
  what did happen in ukraine was already writting in the sky and geopolitically quite previsible . 
   why do you keep talking about a unipolar world ? 
  i never said any of these places want that . 
  i mentioned why they want a us military presence . 
  i am lost i tought that was the entire discussion ? 
   japan is not isolated . 
  it is very well connected to world economies , including china 's . 
  isolated in geopolotics doesnt mean that you are isolate economically . 
  japan has not a single friendly relation with 0 countries in asia from russia , tawian , sk and china . 
  they are often the target of those countries , they are not inside new framework like the aiib and joined the tpp reluctantly because of u.s pressure.being a pro japan politicians could be the end of your career in asia . 
  this is part of the reason why a nato equivalent institution in asia was never succesful . 
  japan is doing a bad bet by relying on the u.s 100 % instead of following balance . 
   nato is not annexing countries . 
  look i never said that , i wrote they are expanding ( altough that has stop now ) . 
   they apply to become members . 
  no nato nations ** send and invitation ** to a country ( its the official process ) you cant apply to nato they need to invit you if i remember well . 
  wich can be veto by other members or put on hold same as they did with georgia or during the austrian agreement in 1953 . 
  furthermore the clinton administration is well know to have push for it and looking for it . 
  the world `` expansion `` came from his administration . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/1996/10/23/us/clinton-urges-nato-expansion-in-1999.html the founder of nato george kennan himself was against nato expansion and he was also the guy who draw u.s soviet containement policy during the cold war . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/1998/05/02/opinion/foreign-affairs-now-a-word-from-x.html  why do you think russia 's neighbors are so worried about russian military intervention in their countries ? 
  again russia various intervention are after nato expansion or what they perceiveve has meddling . 
  also russia has various neighbours in the east and in asia . 
  framing the conversation into `` all of russia neighbours '' is simplistic and unrealistic ) for example tiny mongolia ( with a better democratic index than some europeans countries and one of the largest coal reserve in the world ) is not worried . 
  again russia-china relation with the minor states in central asia are the perfect example of what is call balance . 
  this is something the chinese have been quite careful i have notice since at least hu jintao . 
   south korea and japan may trade a significant amount with china but they certainly are worried about china 's territorial ambitions in the region hence the insistence on us military being stationed there . 
  of course they are worried about china it doesnt mean they want a unipolar world dominate by america . 
  those were the same countries during the cold war or even today are using anti-western sentiments among their population ( only exception who didnt do that is ta\u00efwan and japan ) . 
  also the only ones engaging openly in rethoric or fearing china territorial expansion ( wich is false since all of them want to expand again each others ) are japan , vietnam and phillipines . 
  again the insistance of american troops was already here since the korean war in the case of sk or to fight against communism . 
  now again they seek a balance , u.s muscles and china money but it certainly doesnt mean they want a unipolar world , asian nations are well know to be cheerleader of multipolarity . 
  a perfect example is that the only country who put sanctions on russia in asia is japan . 
  all of them are completely ignoring issues like tibet for example or did stay way of any un vote against china . 
  again the only isolate country in the region is japan who insist that the u.s be dominant in the region . 
  furthermore there is no territorial conflict between sk and china , what worry more sk is north korea not china * per se * . 
   it seems they may be more concerned with other actors , namely their neighbors , than this domineering and imperialist unipolar power . 
  gerogia , the baltics and south korea ( only geopolically in the case of sk ) are not regional powers far from that . 
  sk and china relations are quite good japan has a problem with the entire region . 
  the islands dispute concern every actors in the region and predate the 90s including the current crisis ( see the various stand-off they had during the cold war ) u.s bases were in asia since during the cold war . 
  china has a problem with the u.s when it is taking officially side in regionnal conflicts and meddling and derailling other countries worldwide . 
  furthermore be careful , asia is far from being eastern europe nor do they seek a unipolar world ( they are quite vocal on that alone ) . 
  the official foreign doctrine of asean nations is to `` seek balance . '', 
  they dont want a dominant only u.s nor a dominant only china.hence why those countries quite often balance . 
  after tpp they will sign a free trade agreement with china wich is on negociations currentely and why they joined the aiib . 
  the only countries who want only u.s totally in the region is japan because china rise completely erase their influence . 
  i would also say vietnam ( but vietnam is also balancing , they have a russian base and buy only from russia ) and phillipines is currentely on its way to have a pro chinese governement also most of the time it is only great powers that are concern or who matter . 
  for the same reasons even if cuba wanted soviets nukes ( the ussr did back down same as u.s did in turkey and did in vietnam ) . 
  i would add also that modern russia logic and recent interventions were all after nato expansion . 
   given that weaker countries are insisting this `` imperialist '' power build bases on their soil , it seems you may be ignoring the tendency of other powers asia seek definitely balance not a unipolar world , minor states in europe have no influence due to the opposition of regionnal / great powers ( france germany and italy ) what matter geopolitically are greatpowers , minor states never had an influence its clear some would cheer a side and some not , i never worte that everyone want the end of the unipolar world but usually great and regionnal powers dont like that . 
  also i will venture to say that i am quite sure nobody is cheering u.s meddling in the middle east i have in mind how the u.s was seen during the 2003 irak war and current syria conflict . 
  some states might want a pro active policy near them but would want the country to stop in other regions ( intrisically they are looking for a multipolar world ) . 
   yougoslavia was n't a conflict that was caused by outside influence , it was internal struggles . 
  the rest is true , albeit i think it has more to do with the reemergence of a multi-polar world where interests groups are no longer afraid of blackmailing others or pressing territorial claims . 
  yugoslavia had clear outside influence operation storm , providing weapons to croatia , bombing of bosnia and nato back independance of kosovo . 
  we were in the middle of a unipolar world in the 90s . 
  the u.s was virtually unchallenge during the 90s it is quite probable that it wouldnt be that easy to intervene in the region during the cold war or even before . 
   wait ? 
  are you arguing against my position or for it ? 
  :d to be honest a little bit . 
  the usual argument is that the unipolar country increase tensions and other states want to challenge him or to cut his power due to this fact . 
  the argument would be that a unipolar world having the monopoly of intervention create more instability . 
   iraq and afghanistan were destabilizing factors , the direct intervention of the u.s in those regions led to the collapse of former nation states . 
  i highly doubt without outisders there would be a collapse . 
  islam and tribalism is also present in africa and islam alone is widespread in southeast asia ( wich is more ethnically diverse than the me )  albeit , even given contemporary troubles of the region , it 's far from the worst crisis in the middle east in history .
