hitler starting the world war and shit maybe ? 
  yes , but those people were given a chance to join the mongol empire and accept the khan as their overlord . 
  only if they did n't their settlements were razed to the ground . 
  there was no `` let 's put the children , elderly and sick directly into the gas chambers because they ca n't do hard work '' business going on with the mongols . 
  the germans invented a whole new category of senseless mass murder . 
  comparing the mongols to them is insulting to the mongols . 
  nice 9/11 conspiracy bullshit you 're using for your arguments lol . 
  you have very well prepared counter arguments . 
  yes , mr. dickgirls :3, 
   it 's morally incompatible with european values if we continue on our current path we will end up like the band on the titanic . 
  times are changing and we ca n't deal with the future onslaught of welfare immigrants with tactics that were made for a different world . 
  maybe i like my 19th century ? 
  go and dance with your muslim friends around the burning ruins of the world trade center then . 
  but please leave us poles alone in our little primitive 19th century patch of land . 
  thx . 
  we have very accurate computer vision algorithms . 
  we have robots . 
  ( those in car factories ) . 
  we have a weapon industry . 
  we could easily build automated border guards . 
  they are not germans ... yet . 
  http://www.radio.cz/en/section/marketplace/new-study-compares-czech-foreign-aid-to-that-provided-by-worlds-richest-countries  using the methodology of the commitment to development aid index , as deigned by the us centre for global development , the study compared the czech republic to 22 most developed countries and found that czech aid programmes ranked 20th , ahead of switzerland , japan and south korea . 
  now get of your high ~ ~ panzer ~ ~ horse , hans . 
  probably a scientific discussion about relativity and stuff . 
  germans know best !, 
  til ukrainian refugees are not real refugees because the war there is just russian tourism . 
  german logic best logic . 
  ah , ze german overlords pay a living wage now . 
  oh look , another nazi apologist . 
  and it 's the guy who posted this shit thread in the first place . 
  what a coincidence . 
  one can be `` right '' but still have `` commie '' economic views . 
  it 's called national socialism and you should stay away from it because last time bad things happened to us when the germans tried it . 
  i have no problems with refugees . 
  i have a problem with muslims . 
  bring all the christian syrians you can and i will welcome then . 
  but i do n't need muslims here . 
  we defended europe for far too long to let that aggressive religion in . 
  oh and btw . 
  islam is not just a religion . 
  it is also a political force . 
  it 's incompatible with secular european values by default . 
   you are saying `` all germans were nazis '' which they were . 
  hitler was democratically elected . 
  germans loved him as long as he provided new lands and free slave labourers . 
  but then the tide turns and suddenly no one is a nazi . 
   the people , who were focibly driven from their homes were often ordinary people , whose families lived there for generations . 
  cry me a river . 
  you play with fire and you get burnt . 
   eye for eye ? 
  `` lol , i kill your family but you need to be a better human than me and forgive me . '', 
   expelled from their homes you mean the homes they 've taken from the native populations just a few years before ? 
   the actions of the government i 'm sure only government officials were applauding frantically to hitler when he started butchering poles and jews . 
  oh sorry , eastern europeans are gypsies now ? 
  so the german news are full with `` xenophobic gypsies who do n't want to help the refugees '' ? 
  i 'm glad because i thought they meant us by that . 
   many of these people had nothing to do with the nazis ... 
  yes , yes , if you listen to the apologists today then no one in germany was a nazi . 
  there were maybe a dozen nazis who force 60 millions of innocent and helpless germans into being a self proclaimed master race ... 
  well , they should be happy that they have been just expelled and not worse . 
  usually people do n't take too kind to mass murderers . 
   people like to think that eastern europeans are so similar they integrate within weeks without issue , but that 's not reality . 
  yes , yes . 
  learning how not to shit on the street takes quiet some time , herr german . 
  thank you that our worthless people may visit your wonderful country !, 
  we 're trying not to shit on the street , we promise !, 
  yup , it 's rather curious . 
  you have the brits hating on polish and romanian people while opening their arms to islamist pakistanis and other people from the middle east who bring such novelties like sharia zones . 
  i mean fuck that polski sklep on the corner is a fucking disgrace to the neighbourhood . 
  better have a mosque , 2 quran schools and a bunch of burka wearing women patrolling the streets . 
  the french are the same - but with africans . 
  netherlands have their marocans but hate the poles . 
  germans ... well ... they have a special hate for poles but are n't too friendly to other east euros either . 
  but damn , they love them their turks and syrians . 
  i propose the eastern eu forms a block and starts acting as one when dealing with the western eu . 
  fuck their quotas and intimidations and shit . 
  they need to get off their high horse . 
  a german hating slavs ?!, 
  how novel !, 
  they 're still butthurt about their `` ostgebeite '' . 
  germans still hate slavs . 
  news at 11 . 
   nuclear weapons for polish armed forces - in the same sentence . 
  and what 's so bad about that ? 
  the jesus thing ok ... it 's a little strange . 
  but i see no problem with nukes . 
  good that germany is an export nation . 
  because once the refugees flood the social systems there wo n't be many buyers for cars in germany itself . 
  the pilot was a little disappointing . 
  once the `` lol there 's a swastika flag on the white house '' novelty wears of the show 's plot is rather lacklustre . 
  the reich 's economy was dependent on slave labour and continuous conquest of new resources . 
  as soon as they would have stopped the economy would have gone to shit and they would return to post ww i levels . 
  in the long run , even with a large victory in europe , the reich would n't have had any chance . 
  it 's just good that they failed so early and have n't cost many more human lives . 
  sorry , you 've been brain washed already by your media . 
  you could defend yourself from the sharia-police because your regular police wo n't intervene ( it would be racism to do so , fear to enter the neighbourhood ) . 
  you have been abandoned by your state . 
  now there 's two options : man up and defend yourself or roll over and prepare for anal rape . 
   but seriously , what can we as regular people do ? 
  get paramilitary training and form militias .
