yes , and they are getting rid of high-risk assets . 
  their internal `` bad bank '' ( where all the waste from the financial crisis got dumped ) has made a loss of about 3 billion $ in 2013 but at the same time got a lot smaller ( about 50 % ) . 
  so it seems like they are kind of aggressively cleaning out their closet at the moment . 
   a hundred years of isolation from the west what ? 
  this is about countries , not states . 
  good . 
  you do n't have to come back either . 
  yeah , but the way you frame this pretty much reduces the original claim to absurdity . 
  what does `` mass immigration '' even mean ? 
  you make it seem like it automatically means inviting half the world into europe , as you clearly equate it with `` overpopulation '' . 
  yet the original post in this chain clearly uses the term mass immigration in the current context , i.e. 
  as a bold term for the kind of immigration to europe that is happening now or would happen with slightly more lax border security . 
  do you realize how much the immigration rate to europe would have to rise to create the problems that you describe ? 
  our societies are so incredibly wealthy that we could easily feed double the population that we have now ( save for space issues ) and still be better off than 80 % of the rest of the world ( the places these people try to escape from ) . 
  if we were talking about budgetary problems emerging for welfare state institutions , or decreases in prosperity , fine . 
  but people here are painting apocalyptic scenarios of states `` collapsing '' that make the whole discussion nothing but absurd . 
  and that 's exactly the reason why it 's akin to right-wing propaganda . 
  it 's apocalyptic fear mongering fueled by rich , white europeans worrying about the luxury that they enjoy ( in contrast to the people who desperately try to escape from countries like somalia or syria and end up drowning in the mediterranian ) . 
  same goes for the last sentence . 
  china introduced the one-child-policy because it was ( and in large parts still is ) a poor country that suddendly had to deal with a * massive * population explosion which threatened to produce catastrophic famines etc. 
  europe 's societies today have incredibly low population growth rates ( or even population decreases ) that * themselves * pose threats to the stability of those societies ( germany , for example , where the low growth rates threaten vital welfare institutions like retirement programs ) . 
  but clearly , future overpopulation is the problem here . 
  you also seem to think that the sustenance of a population hinges on local resources ( 4th paragraph ) , which is pretty short-sighted considering the fact that europe 's populations have n't been living autarchically for decades , if not even centuries . 
   considering that the welfare state is a pretty resent invention , it is of course impossible to point to a historic example of a welfare state collapsing under mass emigration . 
  he talked about * states * , not welfare states . 
  * specifically * , since the original post claimed that mass immigration is fine without a welfare state , and the guy i responded to said * any * state regardless of welfare institutions will collapse . 
  you did n't read it right . 
  are you serious ? 
   any state collapses under mass immigration . 
  right-wing bullshit . 
  which states in history exactly have `` collapsed '' under mass immigration ? 
  where has a `` collapse '' due to immigration even been imminent in recent history ? 
  not really . 
  most people here either do n't want , do n't need or do n't care about flags and `` national pride '' . 
  good post . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  because her strategy of depoliticization works ridiculously well . 
  she 's basically the prototype of the post-democratic politician . 
  nothing , do n't worry . 
  no , there 's definitely not a problem in including the putin-era in history text-books . 
  lots of countries include recent history in their curricula , especially if significant events happened ( i could imagine children learning about 9/11 in us history class in just a few years or even now ) . 
  the only problem is the fact that it is * highly * unlikely that these textbooks will have a neutral ( or even close to neutral ) approach to the topic considering the recent developments in putin-russia . 
  not currently an expat . 
  but i lived in the us for a long time ( originally from germany ) . 
  the american version of `` bread '' is nothing compared to what we get in germany and other european countries . 
  they almost exclusively eat white bread . 
  ironically , the only places that sold good bread were a few `` german '' bakeries i found . 
  - cheese . 
  also nothing compared to what we have in europe . 
  - public transport . 
  holy shit public transport in the us is so bad . 
  only a handful of cities have subways or streetcars . 
  and the bus networks are either underdeveloped or filled almost exclusively with poor , homeless or crazy people ( since everybody else takes the car ) . 
  - the distances . 
  kind of related to the above , but the fact that you can go so easily from place to place in europe is so comfortable . 
  the distances between cities ( and even countries ) is obvious . 
  but also inside the cities themselves . 
  i could easily ride my bike to most important places in most european cities ( even the bigger one 's i 've lived in like berlin , amsterdam and hamburg ) . 
  you have to take the car everywhere in the us . 
  - nightlife . 
  being from germany , i guess i was spoiled in regards to nightlife ( i.e. 
  mainly electronic music ) . 
  but the us just does n't seem to have a comparable culture of going out . 
  what i definitely did n't miss though was the default `` coldness '' of people in germany and many other places , if you do n't know them . 
  people in a lot of places in the us seem way more open and friendly to strangers . 
  kant . 
  not sure how canadian it is exactly , but i eat it all the time when i 'm there . 
  it is available here ( germany ) but hard to find and horribly overpriced . 
  easily : - * s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung * - * frankfurter allgemeine zeitung * - * die zeit * ( weekly ) - * neue z\u00fcrcher zeitung * ( swiss , but german language counts and it 's recognized as one of the `` big '' wide-area papers ) . 
  - * der spiegel * ( weekly ) ( print only , as online is shit ; even though the content has suffered immensely it is still one of the most important papers ) honorable mentions go out to : - * der freitag * ( weekly ) - * frankfurter rundschau * - * handelsblatt *, 
  you are just a cunt , both by german and foreign standards . 
  yeah faz and sueddeutsche are great imo . 
  neue z\u00fcrcher zeitung is good as well ( even though swiss ) , but i do n't know for sure if they have implemented a paywall at the moment . 
  do n't get me wrong though , zeit and spiegel are n't * bad * in comparison to the largest amount of other news outlets , they 're just * way * worse than their print versions . 
  as for english sections ... 
  i do n't even know if there 's anything substantial in english besides spiegel online , sorry . 
  yeah i know , pretty good idea imo , especially as the poor online version seems to have really damaged their reputation . 
  oh lord , yeah , i did n't even see those on the list . 
  easily * bild * - tabloid owned by a right-wing media corporation ( axel springer ) . 
  it is , obviously , also by far the most read one . 
  * die welt * is owned by the same company . 
  they have way more quality ( it 's their `` serious '' paper ) but it is frequently filled with horrible right-wing articles , fear mongering against islam and a general hatred of everything perceived as `` leftist '' . 
  plus they have the most obnoxious column ( not sure what else to call it ) ever : henryk m. broder . 
  tons of other horrible local tabloids obviously ( * hamburger morgenpost * , * bz * berlin , * tz * m\u00fcnchen ) . 
  and the smaller local papers are usually pretty bad too , at least the stuff they write themselves . 
  most people i know could write better articles ( with less errors ) than the local news in my hometown . 
  also ... the online editions even of quality papers suck hard . 
  somehow it has become a thing to separate print and online in germany ( maybe elsewhere as well , not sure ) . 
  the exclusively online content of * spiegel * and * zeit * is laughable , while they 're well respected papers in print . 
  just a guess , but could the small size of the country skew the data ? 
  not sure why exactly , but if you look at montenegro they have an abnormally high rate as well . 
  those are by far the two smallest countries on that list ( as micro states are not included ) . 
  edit : forgot malta , which is pretty small too but has a lower number . 
  ( however , 446 is still higher than average ) . 
  edit : did n't even see luxemburg and liechtenstein on the list , so my point is kind of futile now . 
  a ) the project has been in planning for about 20 years , long before the euro was even here . 
  b ) european countries have already given hundreds of billions of euros to other countries . 
  i 'm not saying that it is `` enough '' or that the strategy ( esp . 
  austerity ) is adequate . 
  but do you want us to freeze our whole economy , empty the bank accounts and hand it over ?
