  this post is ridiculous . 
  well your values are shit . 
  east trace is bigger slovenia , montenegro and cyprus . 
   the cultural differences are too significant to call it a european country . 
  could you possibly make it more obvious that you 've never been to istanbul , ankara or izmir ? 
  these places ( and many more ) are about as `` western '' as it gets . 
  yes , there are some rural areas that are still quite traditional . 
  guess what , the same goes for areas of poland , many balkan countries , the ukraine , etc. 
  and i guess that i do n't have to remind you that there are also primarily muslim countries in europe , like bosnia and herzegovina and albania . 
  yeah , no . 
  i 've been to france at least ten times for extended periods of time and this is definitely not the case . 
   well as stereotype goes , the french are known for being rude and arrogant , especially to tourists and non-french people . 
  you are thinking of parisians . 
  and even that is a baseless stereotype which , like almost every other stereotype , is not true at all in most of the cases . 
   i dont really understand . 
  what is an absurd claim ? 
  that they tried/did trick the system or that people think that they did it ? 
  misread it , nevermind . 
  i thought you said that the claims conference is accusing germany of fraud and did n't click on the link ( shame ) . 
  yeah , these practices are obviously disgusting , especially considering the seriousness of the issue . 
  however , i also do n't think that it really affects the core of the issue , i.e. 
  the general question of whether or not reparations are justified . 
   in theory yes but if as someone mentioned the kids start claiming money , what does stop the next generation ? 
  i would really like if they write in the contract that this is the last reparation that is paid . 
  yes , i read that and i agree . 
  i also think second and third generation victims should n't receive compensations in the same way `` actual '' survivors do now . 
  simply because ( a ) it 's quite easy to manipulate and indeed bears the possibility of neverending payments , and ( b ) it 's more of a mental health issue that calls for psychological treatment and wo n't be resolved through checks . 
  as a german , i ( personally ) would gladly see some of my tax euros used to help the financing of programs that tackle these issues . 
  i do n't think there is a moral obligation as strong as the one concerning the actual victims though , or even a moral or legal imperative . 
  this is something that could be discussed in the public sphere , not something for which there is a definitive yes or no answer `` a priori '' . 
   at one point the reparations have to stop . 
  definitely . 
  reparations for survivors will soon become a non-issue though , since there simply wo n't be many left in the near future . 
  ( after all the holocaust has happened almost 70 years ago ) . 
  - so we 're not really talking about `` eternal debts '' here . 
  `` traditional '' reparations ( i.e. 
  money to governments like after wwi ) are a whole other issue . 
  especially when demands for them , like recently in the case of greece , arise as an easy source of money and/or out of anti-german sentiments . 
  let 's also not forget that the gdr , for example , provided the highest known reparations of the 20th century - by the first half of the 20th century . 
  and that the * allies * consciously decided to keep reparations/dismantlings to a minimum to ensure a stable post-war germany/europe . 
  if anybody is to blame here , i think , it would be the allies who designed the payments ( or non-payments ) of reparations ( in all its different forms ) to suit their own interests , and subsequently `` forgot '' about nations like greece etc. 
   suspicion of fraud yes , this is obviously a somewhat absurd claim . 
  please go back to / r/conspiracy to enjoy the company of your fellow antisemites there . 
  but do n't the victims of the worst crime of the 20th century deserve compensation ? 
  and who else would pay it but the legal successor of the entitity that has committed these crimes , the ns-state ? 
  thanks . 
  easily the best comment in this thread , by far . 
  what 's your point ? 
  ( not meant in a rude way ) . 
  the second remark is obviously absurd . 
  but the first point really isnt . 
  is n't it perfectly legitimate and understandeable that following generations suffer from a genocide imposed on their parents ? 
  that they are traumatized by the fact that the ( arguably ) biggest catastrophe in human history tageted * their * ethinicity , their parents and grandparents ? 
  and by the possibility that something like this can very much happen again in the future ? 
   how could germany ever say no we wo n't give you anything to holocaust victims . 
  what makes you think that the german state * wanted * to say `` no '' to this ? 
  i do n't think the government was forced to do this . 
   we 've payed our deb in which way ? 
   so please stop milking us . 
  you make it sound like people are using germany as a cash cow , ready to be `` milked '' . 
  seriously ? 
   if the elders really need money why are there not other people who pay for this ? 
  who exactly should pay for this if not the german state ? 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of debate whether or not jewish survivors ( let 's just use jewish here for the sake of simplicity ) of the holocaust deserve some sort of compensation for their suffering , even if money can obviously never make up the crimes committed . 
  who should pay this ? 
  do you really think the state of israel should have to pay monetary compensation to surviviors of the holocaust ? 
  or any other state ? 
  if anybody , germans should do this . 
  not because we are obliged to do it in a strict sense . 
  we are part of a solidary community ( society ) . 
  it 's not like our present society exists in an empty space , completely disconnected from past generations . 
  we are , in many ways , the heirs of past german generations , including the one responsible for the holocaust ( and that 's not even accounting for the numerous nazi criminals still alive ) . 
  `` our '' wealth , for example , is not wealth aquired solely by the present generation , it 's wealth aquired through an historic process spanning multiple decades , involving lots and lots of different people . 
  if these compensations are just ( which i definitely assume to be true ) , then somebody should have to pay for it . 
  and if anyone * should * pay these compensations , who else but the german people , who form a solidary community indirectly responsible for these crimes ? 
  i do n't know why people are so fast to criticize this . 
  germany may not * have * to pay this , but that 's not the point . 
  i really do n't think the german state was somehow pushed to do this against its will . 
  germany in its present state may not be obliged to paying money to holocaust survivors , in a strict legal sense . 
  however , the german postwar society was built on the premise that we will never - ever - let something like the holocaust happen again . 
  this sentiment is , i think , still strong in today 's german society and , imo , it should be a categorical imperative for * every * society . 
  this is more an act of solidarity than an act of `` guilt '' . 
  it is a sign of honoring the survivors of the holocaust and an act of showing that german society has changed , even if money ca n't outweigh the horror imposed on people during the holocaust ( which is obviously the case ) . 
  i do n't know any german who , in their right mind , would argue that these payments are somehow unjust or wasted . 
  as germans , we are not separate individuals existing in empty space like atoms . 
  we are part of a solidary community that shares a common history and common relations to people `` outside '' of our community . 
  this includes the crimes committed by our ancestors in the holocaust , and the moral responsibility of coping with these crimes , regardless of the way this is done ( financially , symbolically or whatever else ) . 
  yes but only some parts of the land were meant to be fully integrated into germany , some countries would become `` hilfsv\u00f6lker '' , i.e. 
  slavics ( = lesser human beings to the nsdap-ideology ) that were destined to do slavework for the germans , and some countries would be left alone or maybe become something like vassal states . 
  it basically just means that the us will try to counter these perceived `` attacks '' by the european trade laws by imposing other tariffs or trade barriers , thus harming eu exports to the us . 
  however , as both countries are members of the wto and gatt , i do n't see how the us has any basis for imposing serious sanctions without getting bitchslapped by the wto . 
  especially considering that the us is heavily reliant on the free trade guaranteed by wto agreements . 
  so the problem is more one of how to define the boundaries of the private vs. the public sphere ? 
  whether what you do on the internet is to be considered private or public ? 
  i do n't see much of a problem here . 
  if i understand it correctly , what you do on the internet is largely considered to be an extension of what you do in private in the eu . 
  for example , i share certain things on facebook , but within a clearly defined circle of friends : thus i have the right to have my data protected against third parties . 
  there are obviously tons of difficulties and exceptions regarding terms of use and agreements considering the use of your data when signing up to something ( like facebook ) , but that seems to be the basic groundwork . 
  why does n't it work like that in the us ? 
  yeah .
