  turkey has one of the strongest armies of the region ( if not the stongest ) and a pretty strong economy not reliant on oil . 
  plus , being the most developed country in terms of democracy and secularism gives them a lot of legitimacy and moral highground to project power in the region . 
  then there 's the nato membership which pretty much makes them invincible to serious aggression from other countries . 
  i do n't think their future looks all too dark considering these things . 
  i do n't think their wish for a eu-membership is even remotely as strong as it has been a few years ago ( when all the great debates about it happened ) . 
  they realized that even if they were to become a member it would take years and lots of efforts on their behalf , and even without shit like this , the cyprus problem had to be solved which is pretty unrealistic in the near future ( cyprus will veto the membership as long as the issue remains unsolved ) . 
  meanwhile , turkey is becoming a more and more important player in international politics ( politically and economically ) and many are slowly moving away from their idealistic views on the eu and tend to think that turkey can be strong ( or even stronger ) on its own . 
  this is obvious . 
  but all it is saying that neo-nazist organizations * are * illegal in germany . 
  the fact that the bureaucratic hurdles are high ( and that the federal institutions are as incompetent as it gets ) is unfortunate but does n't make it any less true . 
  and even if the ideology per se is not illegal , spreading it * is * , and since this effectively bans it from public discourse ( with a few loopholes here and there , cf. 
  npd ) it 's ultimately not much more than a semantic difference between `` explicitly forbidden '' and `` basically eradicated from the public sphere '' . 
  it becomes illegal as soon as it becomes clear that the organization is actively opposing the constitution and working towards infringing or abolishing the basic constitutional rights . 
  no need for founding an nsdap-successor party or waving around swastika-flags . 
  not even the nazis are * that * dumb anymore . 
  yeah , except it 's the opposite . 
  the eu does n't like big airline monopolies without serious competition that can drive up the prices at will . 
  [ newspaper ] ( http://www.zeit.de/studium/hochschule/2013-02/schavan-klage-anwaelte-argumente ) says she wants to actually sue ( i.e. 
  in court ) , not simply challenge the decision . 
  mathematics do n't work on a larger social level , the same way that forecasts almost never work . 
  there are thousands of factors which can or can not contribute to provoking social unrest . 
  most of these are simply not quantifiable ( at least not realistically ) because they are highly subjective and matters of individual and collective consciousness , social norms etc. 
  and i 'm not even counting in the `` random '' events that could spark large social unrest here ( e.g. 
  : sailors revolting on a battleship in kiel , somebody setting fire to himself in tunisia ) . 
  you could look into sociological/politological theories of revolution , if anything . 
  but generally there is no standard theory on why and when revolutions happen . 
  only a few countries , e.g. 
  : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_use_of_nazi_flags ( the best link i could find for now ), 
  ... which is being used by far right and neo-nazi organizations all over the world and was also used in various nsdap-groups . 
  it 's also forbidden in germany , which is usually a dead give-away for its connotations . 
  why are you so apologetic ? 
  they do n't have to be a 100 % copy of the nsdap to be neo-nazis . 
  otherwise there would pretty much not be any neo-nazi organizations anywhere . 
  it simply stems from the common term `` europhiles '' for people who are in favor of european integration . 
  the addendum `` phobia '' also has little to do with actual phobias these days . 
  `` homophobes '' are not necessarily afraid of homosecuality ( even though some research suggests that both are linked ) . 
  `` lipophobic '' are not afraid of lipids . 
  well , there are only two reasons why it could be `` the poor person 's fault '' : ( a ) because of certain personal qualities like ability to do work , intelligence ( at least the part that is genetic ) , etc. 
  and ( b ) due to social circumstances . 
  what else could it be ? 
  divine intervention ? 
  of course gender , race etc. 
  are also `` natural '' , but what they lead to is determined by social circumstances . 
  they do n't matter to inequality in their * natural * form , only if they become * social * , that is if a society makes them matter - for example to income if women systematically get less money for the same work . 
  the argument that the poor people are repsonsible for their poverty is old and tired . 
  yes some may be lazy/dumb etc. 
  ( then again , what is `` dumb '' , is n't this caused in large party by social circumstances as well ? 
  by poor families not able to affort good education ? ) . 
  but would we have an ( almost ) equal society if everybody was exactly the same , with the same motivations , intelligence , ability etc. ? 
  no , because in a capitalist society some people * need * to be less wealthy , simply because the economy is organized in a way that some people own the modes of production and `` exploit '' ( i use this term without any negative or positive connotation ) the workers to some degree to make profit ( that simply means that there will be a margin between the value of the product sold and the amount paid to the workers , i.e. 
  profit ) , which is an imperative caused by competition . 
  and depending on how the economic system is organized in detail ( i.e. 
  welfare measures , worker 's rights , taxes ) the income gap will be bigger or smaller , e.g. 
  full on , unregulated capitalism will most likely lead to circumstances like during the industrial revolution/pauperism etc. 
  just as an example . 
  however , a society organized in a completely different way that would * not * lead to instituionalized income inequality ( or only really small inequality ) is definitely imaginable . 
  it 's just that capitalism has the tendency to present its mechanisms as laws of nature , when in reality they 're as historical and contingent as everything else created by man . 
  i still do n't really understand your point . 
  you somehow seem to be arguing that inequality in incomes/wealth is completely natural . 
  just * how * is that possible ? 
  no , i believe he mentioned both because you can have worrying amounts of inequality without actually having poverty ( even though not vice versa ) and he probably just wants to emphasize the growing amounts of poverty that can be found in a lot of european countries now , sometimes ( or often ) in increasing amounts . 
  i also do n't think this makes him a `` marxist '' as he does n't call for removing all inequality ( see 2nd quote below ) of income per se and does n't use any of the typical marxist patterns of argument . 
  and there 's no way you can convince me that he means the `` natural '' type of inequality ( i.e. 
  individual abilities that differ from person to person ) . 
  otherwise , these sentences : - `` by reducing everything down to individuals , it draws people 's attention * away * from the structural causes of poverty and inequality . '', 
  ( ... and thereby * towards * the alleged cause : unequal distribution of talents , character etc. ), 
  and - `` all of this is not to say that individual talents and efforts should not be rewarded . '', 
  ( which clearly implies he accepts the notion of there being different talents , abilities etc. 
  as a natural given ) would simply make no sense . 
  the point of the article is that economic inequality is * not * created by certain natural traits/abilities of individual people ( i.e. 
  some do n't have the ability to work hard , are lazy ) but by societal structures . 
  what is poverty if not a form of unequal distribution of wealth ? 
  and the `` inequality '' the author was referring to was clearly not meant as inequality in personal abilities . 
  ridiculous . 
  inequality in personal features may be a fact of nature , but inequal distribution of wealth is unquestioningly a result of social action and historically contingent . 
  this is just the worst kind of ahistorical thinking . 
   do you think that people should be compensated based on their results or do you think that everyone should be equally compensated no matter what their results are ? 
  black and white thinking like this is why we ca n't have reasonable and critical discussions on capitalism . 
  how many parties would basically die out over night or become insignificant if public funding is abolished ? 
  if we solely rely on private donations , the parties with economy - / corporations-friendly programmes would have such a huge advantage over more `` non-orthodox '' ones that it would effectively put and end to functioning political life . 
  leftist parties already get the lowest amount of private donations and get close to zero support from corporations ( which is were the really significant funds are at ) . 
  without fiscal funding , they would stand no chance whatsoever . 
  private money entering the political system is already a major issue . 
  just look at the us ( e.g. 
  citizens united , super pacs ) , do you really want it to get worse ? 
  why are you so ridiculously butthurt about this ? 
  nationalistic pricks like you are the reason almost nobody likes the us anymore . 
  people like you ca n't even have a simple discussion about international affairs or even take a tad bit of criticism without getting all defensive and spurting entitled , arrogant , ethnocentric shit about your country ( which is , by the way , just as shitty as everybody else 's ) . 
  i would guess this stems from the 1920s when a lot of writers/intellectuals/others like hemingway , fitzgerals etc. 
  lived in europe and were referred to as expatriates . 
  they were n't `` really '' emigrants as in emigrations being permanent . 
  maybe the term has just become common now . 
  many people also believe he lives in lapland . 
  dude , he is like one of the most famous painters of the 20th century . 
  almost everybody knows him . 
  yeah but it is pretty much common consensus to just associate him to prague now , at least ( as far as i know ) that is the common practice in literary studies . 
  there are just tons of factors that make it difficult : prague is a czech city , at the time belonging to austria-hungary but not sharing a national identity with austria nor germany ( that came apparent in 1848/49 ) , yet also without a strong national movement itself . 
  then kafka himself is ( a ) a member of the german-speaking minority in prague , which were pretty much a large subculture there , * and * ( b ) a member of the jewish community , who also had a lot of cultural distinctiveness ( which kafka at least a bit identified with ) to them . 
  so we just call him a praguer . 
  this argument gets thrown around here all the time , but i do n't really buy into it .
