  thereby crushing any independence ideas or the idea of a separate ukrainian ethnic group . 
  this is ethnic cleansing, 
  the protesters did n't make the revolution violent , the berkut did by sniping civilians . 
   imperialistic ukrainization policies you do not have a right to say that the irony is just too much, 
  nope . 
  by that logic i could say hitler went to the moon first instead of neil armstrong , and we could agree to disagree because we just use `` different news sources '' there is a clear divide between fact , opinion and bias, 
   west ukrainian rebels just stop , go read and then comment, 
  nuance is n't offering a different perspective or making claims without evidence to back their opinion up . 
  nuance is arguing an opinion with evidence , background and asking deeper questions than the surface ones like op did . 
   the humiliation since 1991 has gone overboard ,  let him save face and keep his pride this is n't nuance, 
   nuance more like apologism for unwarranted aggression . 
  just because you did n't condemn one injustice , does n't mean you should n't condemn another . 
  if you think keeping assad in power will end sectarian conflict in syria you are beyond deluded . 
  the refugee crisis will not end , a large number of refugees still in turkey and lebanon will not return to assad 's syria . 
  not to mention you would be funding a iranian/russian satellite , sounds like the elixir of stability !, 
  the only people stupid enough to buy rt propaganda that russia is a `` victim '' are r/the _ donald posters and russians themselves, 
  do n't really understand what you 're trying to say , trump said he is considering ending sanctions . 
  fire steinmeier , he is too cozy with schroeder and russia to be a foreign minister at the moment . 
  sanction the swift system and consumer goods , however this can only be done with the consent of the us . 
  this is something russia 's allies can not provide make it known to german businesses currently lobbying against sanctions that sanctions are a long term game , otherwise ( history has proven this ) they are useless . 
  show the german people that appeasing the businesses lobbying against sanctions is against german national security interests . 
  take an actual foreign policy leadership role in the eu properly whipping support for the sanctions within the eu , not the half hearted way merkel went about it . 
  we have an idiot russophile president , [ but most businesses do not ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/business/poll-almost-seventy-percent-of-czech-firms-agree-with-sanctions-against-russia ), 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052702303948104579535983960826054 ) opposed from the very beginning, 
  when did i say that ? 
  i said that if german foreign policy had national security as their top priority , then they would not be pursuing the policy they are now . 
  basf , siemens , deutsche bank etc , have all called for an end to sanctions, 
  if you support the dpr and lpr , you obviously are into some sort of sadism , considering how they treat the local population , tovarishch . 
  excellent . 
  steinmeier and merkel do not defend `` european values '' , just german corporate interests . 
  the schroeder legacy, 
  this proves that what triggered russians about the fall of the ussr , was the loss of their `` territories '' not the poor transition and corrupt privatization . 
  your `` humilition '' is self inflicted by your own arrogance, 
  when will you realize your glorious tsar putin acts in his own interest , not yours . 
   because they either base their foreign policy on corporate interests merkel does n't really want to talk with putin , steinmeier more so foreign policy should not be influenced by corporations . 
  they , obviously , do not have national security and peace as their top priorities . 
  what a pile of drivel . 
  keep smoking that good crack if you think the eu and russia have shared geopolitical interests and that the west * `` antagonized * '' russia, 
  depends on which type of right . 
  the right that like putin usually do because they either base their foreign policy on corporate interests or , they are indirectly funded by him and froth over the possibility of becoming a nationalist dictator like him . 
  keep dreaming , unfortunately fillon is a russophile ... 
  do n't be such a russophobe / s, 
  realpolitik is 19th century politics not 21st century politics , trust me you would n't want `` balance of power '' politics today ... russia is an imperialist nation , so yes they do have hunger for `` more land '' even if they do n't act on it ... 
  na\u00efve arrogance  such a scenario is extremely unlikely and should n't shape our whole russian relationship . 
  people said russia invading ukraine was `` unlikely '' need i am remind of russian troop buildups in kaliningrad ? 
  funding anti-eu far-right/far-left parties across europe ? 
  so what is your solution ? 
  just to ignore all of this ? 
  every country takes a hit from sanctions , what 's the point of them if you pick and choose ? 
  otherwise , we 'll see a repeat of the abysinnia crisis ... 
   vut interests sure , but not just economic interests . 
  security interests are paramount in foreign policy , and russia invading ukraine is clearly bad for france 's security interests they do n't view france as threat , they view them with contempt . 
  a `` tool '' to advance their aim of disintegrating the eu and nato , why else are they funding le pen ? 
  you saying the foreign policy interests of france and the eu are different is exactly what russia wants to hear , which is why the eu should have a united foreign policy, 
  thanks wow . 
  that was depressing to read . 
  i ca n't believe they want to deliver assault ships to a country attacking a country that wants to be their ally, 
  do you have any stats for +80 % number , or did you get it from depardieu ? 
  i am speaking in regards to the average citizen , not policy makers . 
  lol . 
  obama is far from a `` very anti-russian president '' , he has stopped congress from passing bills to ship arms to ukraine and tried to reestablish ties after russia 's invasion of georgia . 
  putin is the one who destroyed the relationship , not obama, 
  the european union is viewed with the same contempt that the us is , if you do n't think so you are deluding yourself . 
   also this `` russian reset '' was the policy before the ukrainian crisis , things changed then . 
  which is precisely why i said fillion 's policy is trash . 
  probably the same as most of western europe , apathy, 
   try and recreate a link , if not of confidence , then at least one which allows us to moor russia to europe i am saying that his proposed policy is the same as obama 's failed russian reset, 
  i hope it wo n't take too long for you to realize how ridiculous your statement is . 
  has fillon even looked at the news the past few years ? 
  does he even know what obama tried to do during his first term ? 
  elect someone who at least follows the news france !, 
  why join eu when you can orthodox `` brotherhood '' right ? 
  hroysman , the grandson of a holocaust survivor , is pm in ukraine too, 
   putin 's leading geo-strategist title was written by a stupid nazbol, 
  this is insane . 
  are the us really going to begin throwing away the hegemony they have worked for since 1945 ? 
  anyone who disagrees with dugin is wrong amiright ? 
  how would you reassure ukraine of western and nato backed support given the trump presidency ? 
  with the amount of russian trolls , yes . 
  forgot the / s ? 
  they should censor them until russia accepts ukraine as it 's own nation . 
  the fact that this is upvoted , disgusts me . 
  were jews called teutonophobes by the nazis ? 
  ukraine 's culture has been oppressed by russia for centuries . 
  and you still do n't want to let them have their own fucking identity . 
  mogherini is one of the worst foreign ministers , eu would be better off without one than with her, 
  i do n't know how you got that from my comment , that 's why i specifically referred to his `` shell '' . 
  i was going to say that this was n't uncommon , either . 
  look at kissinger spouting off against the indians on the nixon tapes , for example . 
  better title would be `` sinks to new lows '', 
  well , i wo n't deny part of your retort is true   he certainly seems to be a bigger polish nationalist than his shell lets on that was the real point of the comment . 
  older article ( 2011 ) [ written describing a bit of sikorski 's aggressive views on lithuania ] ( http://www.alfa.lt/straipsnis/10715193/opinion-lithuania-is-yet-to-feel-the-wrath-of-radoslaw-sikorski ) [ better source ] ( http://cepa.org/index/?id=8146f98d564daf7f6cc87d9edcb92705 ), 
  he was the most intelligent polish foreign minister since rotfeld ; although when compared to the fm of san escobar it is n't difficult . 
  however , he certainly seems to be a bigger polish nationalist than his shell lets on ; that 's why i was n't especially surprised by these statements . 
   `` sometimes our foreign partners would prefer to talk more about ukraine 's homework ( fighting corruption , strengthening democratic processes , transparency of the economy , reasonable staffing policy ) , so as not to talk about their own commitments , such as a guarantee of ukraine 's security and human rights protection on the whole european continent , '' herashchenko said . 
  thanks for confirming that you 're an ignorant nationalist with a bias against ukrainians . 
  what 's your point ? 
  lviv is n't a polish city , anymore not matter how hard you want it to be . 
  what would you think if przemyshl ' was put on ukrainian passports ? 
  yeah you 're right .
