america definitely has too many troops in europe . 
  european affairs should be left for europe to handle - not america . 
  not that i see anything wrong with europe having strong ties with the usa , quite the opposite . 
  but we should n't be reliant on the usa . 
  russia is n't north korea - i think that 's the point you 're missing out on . 
  north korea has a population that 's been stifled , and cut off from the rest of the world since 1948 . 
  russia does n't . 
  sanctions are therefore much more likely to have an effect because the population itself will be less willing to put up with the inevitable effects they 'll bring about . 
  i think it 's something that has to be tried , at least . 
  what would you prefer ? 
  military action against russia ? 
  i certainly do n't want that , i 'm not sure why anyone would . 
  sounds like you 're in the wrong subreddit , mate . 
  i think it 's important for the uk to be represented at these commemorations , and who better to represent them than their head of state ? 
  the easter rising was a massive moment in irish history and by extension , a big moment in british history too . 
  despite being a military failure , the easter rising marked a massive shift in public opinion here in ireland and eventually led to the war of independence . 
  it permanently changed both of our countries . 
  by and large , the troubles are over yes . 
  outside of a few idiots with balaclavas , there 's no more outright hostility . 
  relations between our countries are certainly improving and i welcome it . 
  we 're a world away from where we were , but it is a slow process . 
  you have to understand that the north is still a very raw subject for many irish people and it will probably stay that way . 
  that 's the main reason why it 's taken so long for these kinds of things to happen . 
  that depends on what you mean by `` over '' it . 
  i grew up in the north and i now live in the republic . 
  i 'm around a lot of conflicting views and opinions . 
  have we stopped stupidly killing each other over it ? 
  for the most part , yes . 
  has it been forgotten ? 
  absolutely not . 
  as a person , i think the queen is exemplary . 
  the reluctance is because i do n't particularly care for the position she holds or what it used to represent . 
  i do appreciate that she uses her position in a responsible way and has , in her own right , contributed immensely to the peace process . 
  i 'm glad of it , the troubles were a stupid waste of human life and their legacy continues to haunt certain communities to this day . 
  i do n't want to see those days again , so i for one whole-heartedly welcome these developments . 
  i hope to see much more co-operation between ireland and the uk , we 're neighbours for chrissake . 
  president higgins is also spending the night in windsor castle , the queen 's own residence . 
  as a proud irishman , it 's not easy for me to say that i admire the queen to a certain extent . 
  she seems to be making a genuine effort . 
  heck , she even spoke irish in dublin castle . 
  it 's a sign of the times , here 's to a better future between our countries , because our past has been pretty shitty . 
  good to see it . 
  something like this seemed like a very distant prospect for a very long time . 
  i 'm glad to finally see some mutual respect between our two countries . 
  the omagh bomb killed 29 people and the dublin and monaghan bombings killed 34 . 
  well yeah , i 'm sure they did . 
  but let 's not forget that the dublin-monaghan bombings was the single deadliest attack in the entire history of the troubles . 
  i 'm not trying to make the other atrocities sound less morally repulsive because they killed fewer people , i 'm just saying that that 's a part of the reason why collusion with the british government in that particular attack is brought up so often . 
  that 's not just a hair-brained conspiracy though to be fair , there 's more than a few credible sources indicating that british security forces were involved in some way . 
  john weir and colin wallace both made claims suggesting as much and the british government has always refused to release any information it has on the bombings to the irish government . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  maybe it 's worse on the continent but the irish/british netflix is fairly decent . 
  i love netflix . 
  i think it 's a wonderful service - the film `` ecosystem '' does n't like it because it 's delivering the user the content that they actually want to see for a very reasonable price . 
  technically we 're not . 
  the british isles might be the name of the geographical area but that has nothing to do with the political situation in either country - or the denominations that live there . 
  the instances in which the usa and the uk use their militaries to preserve stability in independent countries is cancelled out ( at best ) and eclipsed ( at worst ) by the instances in which they 've destroyed the stability in countries and sometimes entire sub-continents - as can be seen in the middle east right now . 
  ireland is an independent member of both the eu and the un - i very much hope that my likewise-connected neighbours are n't in the `` mood to invade us '' , as you put it . 
  they 'd be breaking almost every international law if they did ( not that those count for much to the us or the uk - if they want to invade something they 'll go right ahead and do it anyway i suppose ) . 
  stability is needed , but you should probably look at what 's making those regions unstable to begin with . 
  my country is `` in a pretty good spot '' because of its location in some respects yes , but also because we enjoy a better relationship with our british neighbours now than we have for hundreds of years - mostly because they 've stopped trying to invade us . 
  edit : downvoted hmm ? 
  i 'll gladly answer any disagreements that people have with what i 've said - provided that they actually put them out there instead of mindlessly clicking the downvote button because i might 've offended them , probably by criticising their mighty country 's all-powerful and unassailable military . 
  oh get over yourselves . 
  i hate the military power circlejerk that goes on in this place sometimes . 
  made safe by britain and france ? 
  safe from what exactly ? 
  jihadis with hang gliders and dinghies ? 
  there was a time when countries like ireland had more to fear from great , all-powerful nations like yours than they did from anyone else . 
  i for one am glad to see that my country is n't bothered with pumping more of its ( recovering ) gdp into the military industrial complex - so that our soldiers can be better at blowing up farmers living in caves with ak47s and scuds . 
  quite the proud history that . 
  i for one am quite satisfied that my country 's ( small ) military focuses almost entirely on peace-keeping missions instead of what the usa and the uk use their larger , better equipped militaries for . 
  if you think the only way a government can benefit from having large amounts of people 's private and personal data is if it becomes useful in a situation like this , then frankly you 're incredibly naive . 
  data equals money , data equals power . 
  i do n't know what people expect , though . 
  of course there 's going to be problems with integrating these people . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  a large group of people who come from a foreign culture ca n't just assimilate overnight . 
  i ... what ? 
  you did n't address anything i said , you just repeated the same schtick over and over . 
  i 'm perfectly aware that the air strikes by the uk began well after the start of the refugee crises - my point is that those air strikes will only worsen it . 
  as for the middle east - the usa and the uk invaded and occupied iraq ( and afghanistan ) . 
  please indicate when france or germany invaded and occupied a country in the middle east in the last 10-15 years ? 
  i must be a bit behind in world affairs . 
  and again , i never said that the uk were solely responsible for the refugee crises . 
  but you ca n't deny that they must share some of the blame . 
  what do you mean what difference does it make ? 
  you seem intent on pretending that the uk has nothing to do with it . 
  bombing syria is n't going to lessen the number of emigrants leaving syria , it 's going to increase it . 
  therefore , the uk is worsening the situation . 
  that 's my point . 
  i do n't see how the uk can say they should n't have to take as much immigrants as germany or france when they themselves had more of a hand in putting those immigrants there in the first place . 
  i also think that saying the uk should leave the eu so they do not have to take a large number of immigrants is a bit much , considering the situation . 
  those are the points i 'm making , i 'm not trying to say that the uk caused the syrian civil war or that they 're solely responsible for the immigrant crises . 
  but they 're not entirely without blame either . 
   uk completed its first air-strike in december 2015 ...  this migration crisis started quite a bit before that . .  you 're really trying to say that this is the uk 's fault ? 
  that 's not what i said . 
  but you also ca n't seriously tell me that the uk bombing syria will not have the knock-on effect of creating more emigration from the region . 
  but seeing as you 've brought it up , it 's at least partly the uk 's fault . 
  isil exist in iraq because of the power vacuum the us coalition ( of which the uk was a part ) left when they pulled out when they did .
