  not really . 
  the dup want a return to the way things were in the 60 's - when unionists were in complete control . 
  the rest of them just do n't care . 
  northern ireland might as well be a non-entity to them . 
   maybe you should leave the eu as well . 
  this is your mess , not ours . 
  stop trying to strong-arm everyone else into fixing your stupid problems for you . 
  you made the decision - you deal with it . 
  it 's very possible that nazi germany would not have fallen if it was n't for the soviet union . 
  it certainly would n't have fallen in 1945 . 
  one does n't need to excuse everything the ussr did to acknowledge that they were the principal reason for the fall of the third reich . 
   started with ussr ? 
  are you mental ? 
  wehrmacht reserves were severely depleted after poland campaign . 
  i 'm sorry , but you should probably read up on hitler 's motivations . 
  he absolutely intended to invade the ussr from a very early stage . 
  he stated that the entire goal of the third reich 's foreign policy was to achieve lenebsraum and that the perfect place in which to find it was the ussr because of its size and the amount of agricultural land it had . 
  he said this in 1933 at his first meetings with the admirals and generals of nazi germany . 
  the parliament building in budapest is still one of the most beautiful buildings i 've ever seen . 
  like something out of a disney film . 
  in fact , budapest 's a beautiful city in general . 
  would go back in a heartbeat . 
  but brexit bills are n't the only things that the parliament votes on . 
  there 's every chance that the tories could be outvoted on other votes . 
   the tories do n't need the dup . 
  they can govern without them . 
  you seriously think it 's possible for the tories to govern if they lose the parliamentary majority that the dup 's support gives them ? 
   the tories are in for the next 5 years no matter what . 
  there will be no election . 
  their position really is n't strong enough to justify your assumption that this government will last 5 years . 
  the tories are in power because they have the support of the dup - i 'd be very surprised if this government lasts a full 5 years . 
   britain leaving the eu is our choice . 
  europe imposing tariffs on the things you buy from britain afterwards is their choice , nobody else . 
  you 're fucking leaving the single market and the customs union . 
  you ca n't keep the benefits of both while not being a member of either . 
  the uk wants to have its cake and eat it . 
  stop expecting everyone else to solve your problems for you and accommodate you because you made a stupid decision . 
  something something strong and stable . 
   we would like free trade . 
  we do not wish to continue with other parts of the relationship which we dislike . 
  it 's not a fucking pick and mix and the uk is n't a four year old . 
  you ca n't just dictate what bits of the eu you want to keep and what bits you do n't - that is n't how this works . 
  you 're either in or you 're out . 
   we are happy to sign a fair free trade deal . 
  you literally opted out of tariff free trade access with the european union when you voted to leave it . 
  everybody knew this . 
  it 's one of the principle reasons why nations want to join the eu in the first place . 
  the uk just wants to have its cake and eat it . 
   careful what you wish for , if our economy is reduced from being the 5th largest to greece 's situation , this would impact ireland very badly too . 
  i hope for both our sakes , that does not happen . 
  nobody 's `` wishing '' for the uk 's economy to go down the toilet - it just seems more and more likely , and the people tasked with stopping this from happening are complete careerist clowns like boris johnson . 
  ireland will still have tariff free trade access with the rest of europe - so we would at least have that to lean on if the shit really hits the fan with the uk economy . 
  the uk 's way out is less easy to spot - they need to negotiate trade deals with every major economy themselves now if they leave the eu , and this can and probably will take many years . 
  how did milan get away with just a minor outbreak ? 
  the media literally removed bits of what he actually said from their context in order to make it sound worse . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  extremely high birth rates are a real problem in africa . 
  the problem is that their economies essentially depend on it in many cases - the same way european economies depended on it in the 1800 's . 
  accepting these things as a reality does n't mean that colonialism 's legacy is n't still affecting these areas - but if developing nations have a real desire to stand on their own then at some point , they need to stop pointing to colonialism every time there 's a problem . 
  thinking that the part of the world that you live in is too civilised for something like this to ever happen is part of the problem - this is something that humans are capable of and history has shown that it is something that , under the right circumstances , they will do . 
  saying this is `` current year '' and we are `` civilised '' does n't change the human condition . 
  the british empire thought they were the civilised ones - even when they were killing indigenous populations all throughout the new world . 
  the third reich thought they were the civilised ones when they were sending the jews of europe to the gas chambers . 
  seems pretty significant . 
  anyone here know anything substantial about what this could mean ? 
  article is pretty sparse . 
   i 'm sure many muslims will say the same about wahabist/sharia-zealots/shiits / sunis , depending on what side they are on . 
   the irish independence movement has roots in catholic vs protestant conflict , so you 're denying reality here . 
  i 'm sorry but this is just patently incorrect . 
  the conflict in northern ireland was a political one - from the very beginning . 
  the religious element to it is something that only became apparent after it had already begun . 
  the pira did n't form because they wanted to convert protestants and they did n't gain support because they happened to be catholic . 
  they gained support because of the situation that the catholic and nationalist community found themselves in during the late 60 's and early 70 's . 
  to call it a religious conflict is revisionism at its very worst . 
  edit : downvoted and not a single reply . 
  i suppose it 's too much to ask you people to point out which part of my comment was incorrect ? 
   i do n't see this as a fuck-up , considering how unlikely it seemed for labour to even come close it 's a colossal fuck up for the tories - which i ca n't say they do n't deserve . 
  theresa may is a disaster and both her campaign and her manifesto were just awful . 
  corbyn , in contrast , actually ran a pretty damn good campaign and his manifesto went down pretty well with a lot of the public . 
  all of this while facing considerable push back from the british media . 
  personally , i think the uk could 've done with corbyn winning a majority . 
  the nhs , the police and other institutions could do with the extra funding . 
  the tories will just keep them on life support . 
  i know what you mean but healthcare `` insurance '' is a misleading term really . 
  there will come a time when either yourself or a family member will be unhealthy - it 's an inevitability that some sort of healthcare related cost will be incurred , by you or the insurance company . 
  either way you will end up paying something . 
  in the usa , you would pay considerably more for it than you would in any comparable western nation . 
  like , incredibly more . 
  the irony is that americans pay considerably more per capita than i think any other country in the world . 
  so they 're already paying more for an inferior system because they do n't want `` universal '' health care . 
  too much like socialism i guess . 
  budapest is an incredible city . 
   ahahhaa giving fucking warnings , how fucking valiant , how noble . 
   the ira gave warnings before the warrington bombs , still blew up 2 innocent kids . 
   and before you say , i do make a distinction between the ira of the easter rising and the ira of the 70s/80s/90s . 
  i mean , if you 're interested in whataboutery then i could point to any number of atrocities committed by the british army or by loyalist paramilitaries - but i do n't see how that would be in any way helpful . 
  there is no `` good '' side as far as the troubles is concerned and , likewise , there is no `` evil '' side . 
  evil acts were committed by all sides , but that 's what war does . 
  i do n't think anyone joined the ira with the specific intent to blow up two little kids - and equally , i do n't think anyone joined the british army with the specific intent to open fire on a crowd of unarmed civilians . 
  war and conflict desensitises people .
