  not to mention some of the numerous catastrophically terrible decisions the coalition made while they were there - such as disbanding the iraqi military , leaving thousands of ( armed and trained ) men , now disgruntled with the administration , unemployed . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how many of those former soldiers ended up in isil 's ranks . 
  there was going to be emigration from syria anyway because of the civil war , but the growing influence of isil made the crises far bigger than anyone ever considered . 
  sure , but cars are a contributing factor to a lot of problems too , why does n't the uk just have a referendum on getting rid of those . 
  a more serious example would be the wars that the uk has involved itself with in recent years . 
  as recently as last year the uk has been taking part in air strikes in syria . 
  syria is where the vast majority of these immigrants are coming from . 
  i think it 's a bit much for the uk to be bombing syria and then trying to wash its hands of the responsibility because it 's afraid that some of these immigrants will break the law if they 're allowed in . 
  but yeah , i 'm sure leaving the eu will solve this problem entirely . 
  i think leaving the eu is an incredibly short-sighted move for any country to be making . 
  some of the uk media outlets are trying to say that the eu is the root of a lot of problems that have been existing since the dawn of civilization . 
   after cologne , the eu referendum is about nothing less than the safety and security of british women . 
  we , the euroclueless , need to woman up and vote for the right of our daughters and granddaughters to live as they choose and to smile in the street . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  if this were to happen in the uk then that 's because the uk government decided to react the same way as the german government . 
  it has nothing to do with being in the eu . 
  and it 's not as if leaving the eu will sort out all of the uk 's immigration problems and make people from the middle east less inclined to seek asylum there . 
  afaik , countries can still have their own immigration policy . 
  this entire article is nothing but mindless fearmongering . 
  this is despicable . 
  the police should be ashamed too for covering this up . 
  i 'm all for helping people who are genuinely in need of help , in fact i think my own country could be doing more , but there really needs to be an absolute zero tolerance policy for these kinds of assaults . 
  deport whoever 's responsible back to the terrorist-ridden pits they came here from . 
  it must be so frustrating for the refugees who are genuinely trying to get on with their lives and are making real efforts to integrate . 
  scum like those responsible for these crimes and those in cologne could well endanger the positions of genuine refugees in need of help . 
  it has nothing to do with the european project . 
  that 's how it is worldwide . 
  if you 're not willing to look around for a job instead of having one land next door to you then you 're obviously going to lose out to those who are willing . 
  i 'm grossly simplifying the situation i know but that 's the point i 'm trying to make . 
  he 's saying that if you 're in an area where you ca n't get work and are unwilling or unable to move to an area where you can , you 're out of luck . 
  it might be wrong and it might sound harsh but that 's how it works . 
  migrants fill these jobs because they 're able and willing to move . 
  it was preceded by a smaller famine and succeeded by a smaller famine too - emigration skyrocketed as a result . 
  sweet ... tends to be tough to find people to play eu4 with so i 'll keep this in mind !, 
  i did n't know this was a thing . 
  do these games happen every week ? 
  maybe . 
  it 's either that or you 're just not willing to entertain anything that does n't line up with your own particular opinion . 
  the history of the troubles ca n't just be boiled down into something as simple as `` the ira were all bloodthirsty terrorists and the poor british soldiers were the good guys who went off to fight them '' . 
  both sides are guilty of some pretty despicable things . 
  without people like martin mcguinness and gerry adams though , how do you bring an organisation as violent as the ira to a ceasefire ? 
  how do you convince them to not only stop shooting their weapons but to have them all destroyed under international supervision ? 
  how do you do that without the assistance of people with influence over the ira ? 
   sounds very similar to people who defend islamic extremism because hurr durr der lands wer invaded so dey get to kill innocent ppl hurr durr . 
   you 're talking yourself in circles to try and justify murder of innocent people . 
  it 's abhorrent . 
  less than a minute after i wrote that , you replied . 
  which suggests that you did n't even read it . 
  i did n't state anything that is n't factually accurate . 
  read a fucking history book and stop spouting verbal diarrhoea about stuff you have no interest in educating yourself about . 
  at no point did i justify the murder of anyone . 
  i could just as easily accuse you of justifying the murder of innocent catholics by british soldiers if you 're interested in pointless whataboutery . 
   it 's absolutely disgraceful . 
  so many innocent lives lost and this sub gleefully supports people like martin mcguinness because he represents an anti-uk political movement . 
  it 's no better than supporting islamic extremism . 
  this comment pretty much illustrates the ignorance that so many of you in the uk have when it comes to ireland and northern ireland . 
  martin mcguinness was born in a city and a time in which people like him , catholics , were second class citizens . 
  in those days , catholics did n't have the same ability to vote , most property and business owners were protestants - who refused to employ catholics , catholic families were routinely passed over for social housing in favour of protestants . 
  unemployment , homelessness and general poverty was considerably higher in catholic communities for these reasons . 
  what did the catholics/nationalists do to try to address this problem ? 
  did they pick up the gun ? 
  they organised peaceful civil rights marches . 
  the ruc ( police ) responded by routinely beating these protest marches off the streets and the loyalist community reacted by rioting at these protests and even going so far as to burn entire streets of catholics out of their homes and businesses in belfast . 
  in response to this , the british army was sent into northern ireland . 
  did you know that ? 
  did you know that the reason for the british army being sent into northern ireland was to protect catholic communities from sectarian riot squads and not to fight the ira - which was only starting to gain support at this point ? 
  i bet you did n't . 
  the british army then went on to commit such atrocities like bloody sunday , ballymurphy and springhill - which only served to unite the catholic community against british forces and which inevitably led to a surge in support for the pira - who promised to fight back . 
  this is the climate in which people like martin mcguinness found themselves growing up in . 
  if you 'd seen your community 's attempts at peaceful civil rights marches being met with violence , if you 'd seen your friends being beaten and attacked by loyalist gangs and if you 'd seen british soldiers gunning down civilians in the streets of your city - then maybe you 'd be just as willing to join an organisation who promised to fight back , rightly or wrongly . 
  violence leads to violence - the pira were a reaction to an already existing situation in the sectarian little shithole that was northern ireland in the 1960 's and early 70 's . 
  plenty of people turn down the path of violence and never turn back from it . 
  martin mcguinness did n't just turn himself back from it , he turned others with him . 
  northern ireland is a better place now because of that fact . 
  it was really poignant and well done i thought . 
  there 's a few little things dotted around the university . 
  dangerous waters too , you 'd think . 
  the good friday agreement is built on that entire premise . 
  depends on how successful nicola sturgeon 's attempt at a second scottish referendum will be i suppose . 
  either way i think its pretty unlikely that sinn fein will take their seats in westminster unless labour and other parties suddenly decide to oppose article 50 and sinn fein can provide the deciding vote . 
  it would be pretty fucking hilarious though if that did happen . 
  yeah it 's a really stupid thing for the dup to have done . 
  it was just a way for them to suck up to the tory government - brexit will be a terrible thing for northern ireland and the dup could n't care less . 
   for any lithuanian the language is the biggest part of our culture . 
  my guess on why you do n't feel much of an impact on your culture is because your ( somewhat english - sorry ! ), 
  culture is dominant for quite some time now around the globe . 
  well , ireland had a lot of its cultural identity trampled on by british planters literally centuries before any of these polish , romanian or middle eastern immigrants came here to live . 
  we do n't speak our native language anymore because of that . 
  i do n't think having immigrants from different parts of the world coming here is going to make a noticeable impact on it . 
  it might even spark a revival in interest in our language . 
   at this point what i am interested in are irish people having any concerns related to your culture . 
  do you feel like it is decreasing or mixing or fading ( if that makes any sense ) because of immigration ? 
  it has n't made any real impact that i 've noticed , to be perfectly honest . 
  ireland 's been so monocultural for so long that i think a bit of diversity can only be a good thing . 
  also , we ourselves have a history of migrating heavily to other countries like the uk and the usa . 
  pretty much everyone in ireland has a relative who lives abroad - it seems to me that it would be a bit much for us to complain about other people wanting to live here . 
  actually , the dup were the only unionist party in the north to vote for brexit . 
  every other party voted to remain , as far as i know . 
  the tuv might have voted to leave but they 're pretty small . 
  the problem of course was that the dup were the biggest party in northern ireland at the time and were also the biggest party in government .
