  please , keep going . 
  i want to see how far your delusion goes . 
  it 's for science . 
  and ? 
  the uk has a few islands in the west atlantic that manage to catch the sun and europe 's supposed to be so impressed that they give you whatever the hell you want ? 
  you really are as deluded as you sound , are n't you ? 
  the uk has a smaller population than both germany and france . 
   we wo n't be taking any advice from the likes of you . 
  know your place . 
  it 's high time the uk started to know its place . 
  you 're not an empire anymore . 
  fair enough , i do n't think it 's cause for applause either but it will end up benefiting other countries at the uk 's expense . 
  some people are probably gon na be happy about that though - particularly people who live in those countries . 
  you 'd think that british leaders and diplomats would try being a bit less confrontational with europe . 
  it would be in everybody 's best interests . 
  banks and other institutions leaving the uk in order to remain in the eu after brexit is a completely predictable side effect of it though . 
  it 's not europe 's fault that the uk voters did n't want to hear that side of the argument . 
  now they 're seeing the consequences . 
  why wo n't it happen ? 
  you do n't know that any more than i do . 
  the leave side won because of the immigration issue . 
  it does n't make sense for the uk to leave a completely open border with the eu after winning the referendum by promising to do away with exactly that . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/uk/uk-exit-from-customs-union-threatens-return-of-border-1.2939332 ) an article on this exact topic in the irish times . 
   i do n't see any further divides here based on brexit seriously ? 
  there are more people applying for irish passports now than ever before , sinn fein have been calling for a border poll ever since the referendum result and the dup have been just as vehement in denying the need for one . 
  the two main parties in the executive ( at the time , considering it has now collapsed ) campaigned strongly for two different sides . 
  the whole nature of the campaign was divisive . 
  you 're not concerned at the prospect of a return to a hard border with the republic ? 
  brexit has implications for northern ireland that it does n't have for the rest of the uk - because northern ireland is the only part of the uk that has a land border with the eu . 
  edit : it 's fucking hilarious how i 'm being downvoted with barely a reply while here in ireland , every news station is talking about this exact subject - a potential hard border between the republic of ireland and northern ireland , and the implications that might have . 
   outside of reddit , it seems so . 
  everybody 's just going along like they were before . 
  it certainly is n't like r/unitedkingdom , where the hunt for leave voters resembles the red scare . 
  maybe in england and wales . 
  i can tell you for certain that this is n't true in northern ireland where the majority voted to remain . 
  i 'm sure the same is true for scotland . 
  also , `` going along like they were before '' does n't necessarily mean that people are fine with the result . 
  it just means that they 've accepted that it 's happening . 
   so you 're saying having boarder control makes you against foreigners ? 
   uk is not closing boarders . 
  we just do n't want uncontrolled immigration . 
  you did n't have uncontrolled immigration . 
  you could control immigration from any country outside the eu as much as you wanted to - which immediately means that all of that shite you were fed about syrian refugees is exactly that , shite . 
  you could 've kept them out if you wanted to . 
  the republic then needs to call a referendum of its own on whether or not to accept northern ireland . 
  if that passes then northern ireland joins the republic of ireland . 
  around 40 % of northern ireland 's electorate vote for nationalist political parties ... 
  but yeah , if the specific question of irish unity is asked then around 22 % reply in favour of it ( a figure that has increased steadily over the years ) . 
  at one point over 90 % wished to remain in the uk ( although that was in 1973 ) . 
  the point i 'm making is that it 's not quite as unforeseeable as it once was . 
  also , with the year we 've just had , you probably should n't be placing as much faith as you are in polls . 
  there 's already a process in place that could lead to a united ireland . 
  as i 'm sure you know there was a conflict in northern ireland for around 30 years ( the troubles ) and it more or less ended in 1998 with a treaty called the good friday agreement . 
  the most important part of this agreement was the recognition that the people of northern ireland should have a right to self determination . 
  this means that as long as a majority of people living there wish to remain in the uk , then that 's where they will remain . 
  as soon as a majority wish to leave and join the republic , then they will do so - and both the irish and british governments are bound by this agreement to respect their wishes . 
  it 's no longer the `` vast majority '' . 
  the demographics of northern ireland have changed quite a bit from how they were 20 or 30 years ago . 
  but yes , still the majority . 
  and while there is a majority that wish to remain in the uk then that 's where they will remain , as per the good friday agreement . 
   the subsidy figure is disputed but thought to be between 8-10bn not 12bn , sinn fein say they can get it down to # 4bn some how . 
  sinn fein are arguing that unification would immediately mean that duplicated services would be done away with in the north and would therefore no longer need to be subsidised . 
  there would be no assembly and the nhs in the north would merge in with the already existing hse in the republic . 
  i 'm not sure how much this would actually save given that it would inevitably create unemployment at least in the short term , but they had a report commissioned this year that seemed to show that there 's at least some legitimacy to what they 're saying . 
  also , the island was probably united on a few different occasions before the english turned up - ireland had a few high kings who had ( or at least claimed to have ) ruled the entire island . 
  different times ? 
  is that really an excuse ? 
  the ussr is history as well . 
  found the greek !, 
  every great power in europe was ready to go to war at the drop of a hat . 
  it 's too simple to put the blame on austria-hungary alone because if the alliance web did n't exist , the first world war would have been the third balkan war instead . 
  it became a world war because other great powers would n't allow the conflict to stay confined to that region . 
  well yeah , but i 'm not arguing that the german guy had the `` personal freedom '' to punch the american . 
  he did n't have the `` personal freedom '' to make a nazi salute in germany . 
  it 's against the law . 
   i think if you 'd asked the people , who had actually been under the two regimes by then ( estonia , latvia and lithuania ) they would mostly choose nazi germany . 
  i know , shatters that soviet-apologist world view ... jesus christ how often do i need to say `` i 'm not defending the soviet union '' for you people to stop acting as if i 'm an apologist for them ? 
  you seem to be on the exact opposite side of the spectrum - thinking that they 're the root and cause of all evils . 
   i agree . 
  and it is very possible that europe would live under two equally horrible totalitarian dictatorships if germany had n't invaded the soviet union . 
  the soviet union under stalin was completely totalitarian - but i do n't think you could make the case that the soviet union in the 60 's , 70 's and 80 's was every bit as totalitarian as nazi germany . 
  that seems a bit absurd . 
   this is coming from comfortable we pov . 
  half the continent got rid of the occupying totalitarian dictatorship , while the other half only had a replacement ... 
  i think if you 'd asked people in 1942 which system they 'd rather live under , they 'd quite probably choose the soviet union . 
   putin would n't have had a platform and who knows how russia would have developed . 
  i do n't think it 's quite so simple to say that russia would have improved much better or quicker under someone who was n't putin . 
  when you actually look at what russia was like when putin took office , it has improved quite a lot . 
  i 'm not a fan of putin 's regime because it 's autocratic in nature , but russians themselves do n't seem to hate it . 
  if you were to put russia 's leaders on a bell curve , putin would probably be one of the best they 've ever had . 
  it 's a low bar , and russia has always tended towards autocratic leaders , but still . 
  i 'm not saying you should stay . 
  you voted to leave so you should leave . 
  what i 'm saying is that the rest of europe should n't need to bend over backwards to accommodate you leaving - it was n't europe 's decision or anyone else 's decision , it was the uk 's . 
  what you said did n't even make sense . 
  you just repeated my argument back to me , replaced a single word and expected it to still make sense . 
  it does n't . 
  the fact is that it was britain 's decision to leave the eu , so it 's up to them to figure out how . 
  nobody else owes them a damn thing . 
  none of them give a flying fuck about the stability of northern ireland .
