well , the eu members have been through a lot , and there have been a lot of very serious discussions on the subject , but in the end , all members have agreed to stay and be a part of the union . 
  despite the challenges , nobody has given up on the eu experiment . 
  and if we 're not breaking apart , the only way to go is inward . 
  if the member countries continue to integrate , eventually there is going to be a need for more oversight and more administrative power , and if the member countries are involved enough in the process , and getting enough benefits from the integration , it 's practically an inevitability . 
  this would recuire that `` solidarity '' , however . 
  incidentally the treaty of lisbon was originally supposed to be `` the eu constitution '' , but was basically renamed due to protests . 
  obviously impossible right now , but will probably happen eventually . 
  decades from now , but eventually . 
  perhaps i should have said `` neigh ** bour ** '' as in singular . 
  one of them has a problem with us making a military alliance with the united states . 
  not saying it 's russia , but it 's russia . 
  bilingual . 
  a country 's military is almost always tailored to their needs . 
  the larger european countries have the resources to keep larger professional armies , control overseas bases , invest in the airforce and newest weapons tecnology etc. 
  we are not even close to the top in european military spending . 
  our war plan prioritises delaying the enemy in order to negotiate international aid for us first and an end to the conflict later we 're not a nato member , by the way . 
  one of our neighbours gets passive-aggressive every time the issue comes up . 
  snowfall does n't bother you as long as you 're wearing winter clothes , and when there 's space , we like to use all of it . 
  with the current rate of global warming , you wo n't have to !, 
  we just had one of the most miserable christmases in memory , and the snowstorm and proper dip in temperature in the last few weeks are the first one 's we 've had all winter !, 
  thankfully we 've still got brand recognition as `` a cold , snowy place '' . 
  brings in the tourists . 
  but of course , i live in the south . 
  lapland is different . 
  that 's a possible explanation , but not a very likely one , in my opinion . 
  usually , the snow plow comes by pretty regularly under heavy snowfall , and it should clear the whole sidewalk of deep snow as it passes by ( the sidewalk in the picture is mostly obscured by the mound that 's left after plowing ) obviously , the picture has fresh snow , but if you have good shoes the couple of centimeters of fresh snow should n't really make a difference on where you stand . 
  i 'd say that it 'd even encourage people to stand away from a `` path '' in undriven snow , to make room for other pedestrians . 
  honestly , the most probably reason to be standing all on alert and facing the same way would be that the bus is just around the corner , and people are getting ready , but obviously there 's no way to ascertain that . 
  ... well that was fun . 
  there probably is a sauna in one of those houses though . 
  in a block of flats , it 's usually in the cellar , so with a bit of x-ray vision there could very well be a sauna in that picture . 
  well , probably because people have been moving around and integrating into other cultures since forever . 
  this migration wave is the biggest europe has had to deal with in a while , but historically there 's nothing that new here . 
  plus germany was a very popular destination for migrants even before the current crisis , and has both a long history of dealing with immigration , and existing systems in place to process , educate and employ these individuals . 
  these systems are just inadequate to deal with the torrent of people pouring into germany from the crisis areas . 
  which is why we have a situation that can be classified as a `` crisis '' . 
  ... anymore . 
  and it 's not a free or easy to enforce those kinds of border controls . 
  besides , that `` solution '' does n't apply in the same way to norway , because the only countries to turn people back to would be other european countries . 
  ok , i 'll say it straight : deporting people is n't free . 
  turning people away at the border wo n't make them dissappear . 
  increasing border controls and resources to enable large-scale use of force is n't free ... and is n't fast either . 
  they could n't just magic some force capable of dealing with hundreds of thousands of refugees out of thin air . 
  however you chose to deal with the situation , there needed to be a cost , and an enourmous effort to succeed . 
  probably needed permission from the country of origin to even have a place to deport * to * . 
  let them stay or turn them away , either choice is enourmously complicated because there are just too many people for the regular government systems to handle it . 
  to speak of the consequences , mass homelessness , rioting and civil unrest are n't free either . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  the only good thing is , this year has been a bit quieter on the refugee-front , because european countries have mostly gotten their plans straight , and have imposed better border controls , especially in the mediterranean , better immigration systems , more training and housing for migrants and have tried to curb the problem at the source by supporting the * enourmous * refugee camps in the middle-east , mostly turkey . 
  `` migrant crisis '' is already a thing . 
  the only way to prevent it would have been to prevent people from having a reason to leave their countries in the first place . 
  what i 'm trying to say , is that the torrent of people entering europe is a crisis * no matter how * the situation is handled . 
  what matters is finding the * best * solution to deal with it . 
  any context for this ? 
  like was it just a hot , long day , or did something happen that prompted this kind of thankfulness ? 
  to be fair , * all * countries with a long history of immigration have systems in place for the cultural integration of immigrants . 
  it 's just that those systems are inadequate to deal with the current immigration crisis because of the volume of people from a few specific cultures . 
  unfortunately , there is no `` free '' way out of this crisis . 
  a big software developer is never going to rival a mobile-manufacturing giant that nokia was in economic output . 
  it 's not just about making money , it 's also about creating jobs . 
  brexit creates financial uncertainty in all of europe , at least in the short term . 
  uncertainty means less investments , less investments means less economic activity , and less activity diminishes growth . 
  i tried to write a longer version and failed . 
  imports . 
  no matter the laguage , foreign things tend to just get translated phonetically , unless they somehow become internalised to the culture . 
  i heard a pretty apt description of this here :  timo soini can say some completely contradictory things , depending on whether he 's being the foreign minister of finland , or the leader of the biggest populist party today . 
  i have to agree . 
  i remember learning about eu institutions in secondary school . 
  it felt kinda tedious , especially when it was essentially learning about one , distant feeling system of institutions on top of our existing , more immediate systems . 
  and it felt damn complicated to be learning about * every * institution almost simultaneously . 
  those flwocharts were a nightmare . 
  then again , recent events have shown * why * it is important to have that information about how the eu works , so you do n't believe every piece of bullshit that some populist floats your way . 
  yeah , schools . 
  terrible places . 
  putting those thoughts in the heads of * children . 
  there is not much you can actually teach about the eu institutions in the earlier grades , because understanding international laws and institutions requires good base-knowledge of your own national law and democratic processes first , as well as knowledge about other subjects like the judicial system . 
  you have to pursue at least secondary-level education . 
  at least in finland . 
  the fact that brexit tanked both british and international markets in the short term , plunged the poud into a record low , left the country adrift without a clear direction to go to and , * ( allegedly ) * gave racists and bigots in the uk a massive ego-boost to start acting on their biases , leading to a surge in hate-crimes . 
  additionally , the political campaigns were very ugly on both sides . 
  both sides lied about what the vote would accomplish and engaged in blatant fearmongering , with the `` leave '' side probably coming up with the biggest lies , which all came undone after they came out as the winner . 
  politically , the country is very divided after the very close , very divisive vote . 
  lastly , none of the major leaders of the brexit campaing have actually wanted to take the responsibility for leading the country out of the eu . 
  this is the `` simple '' version , by the way . 
  scotland and northern ireland voted to `` remain '' , so they could potentially seperate from the uk to stay in the eu as independent states . 
  apologies , i figured it would translate better while still retaining the severity and spirit of the language being used . 
  the literal translation would be * `` you bowlhead of satan !, 
  it 's a year-old article , and the last year has been way too interesting , no doubt about that . 
  they 're making some deep cuts to social security and jobs in several public sectors , privatising , cutting costs , lengthening working hours ... obviously it 's not like that kind of thing is going to have an immediate * positive * effect , and the sanctions on russian trade have n't helped either . 
  the government had some massive failures in negotiating with our unions , which turned into a lengthy shitshow ... we 're implementing structural reforms , but it 's going to get worse before it gets any better . 
  at least the foundations are stong , and economic growth is n't stagnating . 
  oh , and the populists are in the government , so at least their asses are on the line as well . 
  ummm ... finn 's party is in the current government-coalition . 
  it 's just that you would n't know it , because the only visible difference has been the slightly harsher tone on some eu and immigration issues . 
  having a minority ties their hands , and being in the government shuts them up . 
  it is an elaborate response . 
  it begins * '' ( you ) goddamn buckethead , ... '' *, 
  i should probably have replaced `` trade '' with `` economic opportunities '' . 
  if you stop the free movement of labour , which means the labour from other eu-countries ca n't freely compete in your market anymore . 
  and this kind of restriction hampers economic growth by reducing the scope of economic activity that can occur .
