the further someone is - the more scary the story . 
  just one thing to remember for everyone . 
  despite all that shouting and `` drama '' and `` thousands '' protesters - not a single person was injured . 
  ** the situation in poland is tense because parties struggle for power . 
  pis is trying to put its judges in courts - while opposition protects status-quo because current judicary is sympathetical to po ( main opposition party ) . 
  ** everyone in poland know that - and nobody will be willing to spill blood for either cause . 
  it is summer . 
  dead season for `` news '' so this whole thing is blown way out of proportions . 
  some people actually believe that democracy ends in poland . 
  it is hard to explain to someone that you are not the camel if he refuses to acknowledge the reality . 
  polish citizens turned nationalistic - and chose that democratically . 
  there is not much else to discuss . 
  there are plans to duplicate that . 
  another lng teminal eastwards from swinouj\u015bcie . 
  additionally we want to have a pipe to denmark that will connect us with atlantic those things combined will be able to supply gas not just to poland but to most of ee . 
  still - it will take years . 
  becaus we love to be best at something , first , and unique . 
  you mean - angela , timmermans & juncker ? 
  how ? 
  they are foreign citizens and do not fall under our jurisdiction . 
  beside those i ca n't think of any `` friends '' of tusk . 
  well - maybe not . 
  reality is the same for everyone - while perspectives of it - differ from person to person . 
  british newspaper `` telegraph '' published on thursday an analysis of the polish government 's plans for the reform of the judicial system and the conflict with the european commission . 
  as assessed , initiating a procedure against poland in art . 
  7th eu treaty `` threatens to burst europe '' . 
  `` the dispute between the conservative line of the polish government and the european commission brutally reveals the limits of the european union 's integration ambitions , '' the newspaper said , adding that `` the slow developing east-west divide on migration and fundamental values ( eu ) has changed this week . 
  open war '' . 
  in the article - written in the form of questions and answers - the newspaper is cautious in assessing the situation in poland . 
  is liberal democracy in poland dying ? 
  it is not so easy , `` commented author peter foster . 
  ** `` as a counter-argument it is worth noting that , contrary to the overwhelming narrative of the western media , the reforms proposed by the ruling law and justice are not necessarily anti-democratic in themselves , otherwise they should be dealt with . '', 
  the polish judiciary , which has not fundamentally reformed since 1989 , is widely recognized , as pis argued , it was created by the elite after 1989 and favors the liberal opposition party civic platform , so it has to be reformed , `` he wrote . 
  ** foster added that many mature democracies - including germany , denmark and the usa also involve politicians in the appointment of judges . 
  ** `` perhaps the reforms proposed by the law and justice are too much of a power to the minister of justice , but that does not mean that if they are appropriately inscribed , they are fundamentally contrary to democracy . '', 
  this seems to be the opinion of president duda ( andrzej ) , `` says foster . 
  ** as he pointed out , `` the ruling party may reasonably argue that if + democracy is over + the democratic institutions of the polish state worked strangely well this week , resulting in street protests and later the veto of the president . '', 
  the telegraph also assessed that the announcement of the procedure of article 7 of the eu treaty , which speaks of breaches of european union values , is `` essentially an empty threat , not only because hungary veto it . '', 
  the diary notes that the rhetoric of the first vice-president of the european commission , frans timmermans , may appeal , among others . 
  in france and countries concerned about poland 's recent visit to donald trump , who uses `` populist , anti-eu narrative '' . 
  but as he pointed out , ** `` many other european union member states disagree with this timmermans approach , including - in essence - germany , who do not want to spoil their daily relations with poland , especially before the september parliamentary elections . 
  '' ** quoted by the newspaper agata gosty\u0144ska-jakubowska from the center for european reform said that `` we usually focus on hungary and the united kingdom , but there are other countries , including germany , who do not want to risk acting against poland , especially if they can trade it for poland support in other areas '' . 
  the telegraph also pointed out that british diplomats also `` very clearly say that london would rather not choose '' between poland and wider europe , represented by european commission policy and french president emmanuel macron . 
  `` in short , any vote on article 7 would underscore the divisions and the lack of unity in the european union precisely at this point in time , where brussels is trying to make an impression of a unified community . '', 
  selecting this path would be insane , and poland is aware of it , leading to resistance - parties of the law and justice '' - underlined . 
  the daily noted that the european commission was in a `` fundamental dilemma '' in which it must decide whether or not to `` intervene in the internal affairs of a member state '' as a ** `` transnational body with dubious democratic legitimacy '' . 
  ** `` at the same time , incapacity would show the impotence and emptiness of the european project at the very moment when it is in serious danger , '' she added . 
  as pointed out , the european union can theoretically start a case against poland on breaches of community law or to try to suspend the payment of eu funds , but such a move would have aroused legal and political controversy . 
  `` in a nutshell : the threat of financial penalties against poland simply does not materialize '' - was assessed . 
  ** at the same time the author of the text pointed out that while poland is still `` one of the most enthusiastic members of the european union '' , the vision of external intervention may be unpopular even among the opposition groups of the current government . 
  ** `` there are many people who disagree with these reforms , but they do not like the idea of external pressure ( the government ) , '' he explained in a telegraph interview . 
  pervious government actions also did not represented all of poland . 
  we are we prosecuted for decisions of pervious government about migrants exactly because that representation decisions . 
  they were stupid and now we pay the price for backing down on quotas . 
  the worst part is that there is no party good enough in poland to actually vote for . 
  our current govenrment supports parties in eu that are not in `` rulling majority '' so it is not as we would loose much influence . 
  poland being in eu is profitable to many countries - not just poland . 
  shooting at poland will have splinters hurt many - and causing additional chaos in eu . 
  dosent matter if the gun is loaded or not . 
  or if he dares or dares not to pull the trigger . 
  the caliber is too small . 
  current gain for poland is few billions euro per year . 
  - too little to have impact on where the country is heading . 
  losses calulated by following eu demands on migrants and other subjects could be even larger . 
  so he can hide his air gun now . 
  or his hand will hurt . 
  they are having lagrest growth rate - some assume that within 30 years they will be majority in some european coutries - and `` democratically '' bring sharia law . 
  executive ( president ) already vetoed 2 bills and signed third . 
  nothing more can be done without legislature now . 
  in poland - politician that begs - is finished . 
  that is why opposition is loosing support - it constantly `` begs '' eu to intevene in poland - so more and more people turn away from it . 
  i dont know what are standards elswhere . 
  oh well - shit hapens . 
  it 's been worse . 
  now - moving on to the next changes in system ... 
  then remove those lunatics from power . 
  you do not like pis in poland . 
  well poles do not like current german rulling parties . 
  you tell us to get rid of ours - just do the same . 
  we no longer do . 
  recent publications in poland are suggesting that money from eu has little impact on poland . 
  therfore i believe government is preparing ground for loosing that money and becoming net contributor . 
  so i do not forsee them backing down . 
  one thing is certain - be prepared for statement - '' we are now a net contributor - and as such we want more influence on where eu is heading '' and then all hell will break loose . 
  now it is mearly prelude . 
  i mean he gets money - and does not need to do anything . 
  ( although i am content with that ) '' ** threatening to observe poland actions closely for a month - while next parliment session in poland is 1,5 month fom now is kinda stupid . 
  ** they will neither change nor back down on anythig - because there will be no legislature . 
  po agreed to quotas of migrants - pis did not as for russia and usa - po wanted eu to contain russia and treating usa forces as secondary in that matter . 
  pis on the other hand do not believe putin will back down before anything other than brute force - so usa is treated primarily as the deterrant aggainst russia - and eu approach - as secondary and unstable ( voting every 6 months on sanctions ), 
   maybe they should reach a compromise with po that is not possible . 
  they differ on everything - education , defence , migrants , eu policy , internal affairs , external affairs , social policy , approach to usa , approach to russia , vision of future poland ... 
  the country ca n't walk both paths at the same time . 
  we have exactly that situation now - unless government gets supermajority ( over 2/3 parlimentarists ) it ca n't legally change shit in the system as judicary protects status quo . 
  pastafarians ( believers of flying spagetti monster ) tried to put a colander ( holy symbol of pastafarians ) in polish parliment in place of cross . 
  there was a huge uproar though . 
  the only real alternative would be to elect judges directly - by people . 
  so - if i wanded to act aggainst cdu in germany specifically ( as i consider their policies sucidal for entire eu ) would that be a good thing ? 
   who elected them , then ? 
  i said - there was no alternative .
