  example - durring that stormy sejm voting - leader of po ( schetyna ) threatend pis that everyone who voted in favour of changes will be imprisoned when po will be in power again - where he implied that he will change the law to work backwards in order to punish pis parliment members . 
  ** do you think that judges did even so much as to reprimend him that what he was saying is illegal ? 
  ** as they reprimend pis entire time for using unpopular phrases or announcing their next moves ? 
  that is common in poland . 
  everyone take sides - judicary is not neutral . 
  pretty much . 
  of course it was not by name - officialy all was correct - but cases where serious ofenses ( at least several years of inprisonment ) were let go with small financial fine are common . 
  the structural problem is such that poles moved to be more `` right-winged '' recently as such the norms of society are also evolving ( for example you are no longer called racist if you do not want relocation of migrants from mena in poland - pervious goverment might call that `` hate speach '' and prosecute you - current one will not as most people do not consider it racist ) . 
  there are hundreds of such small changes in society . 
  the judicary is still the same as it was before all of crisises strucked europe ( greece , crimea , economy , migrants ... etc ) . 
  as such their standards do not `` match '' the rest of the people . 
  that creates frictions and dualism in law understanding . 
  judirary on one side - people on another ( not all but most ) . 
  basically - juges still live in the world that for most people ended with the begin of the crisis series in europe . 
  judicary is now a closed system in poland . 
  imagine you are a judge . 
  you give out sentences in accordance with your view on the law . 
  the only ones having influence on your position are your fellow judges - fellows - buddies - like minded people . 
  and you get to decide who joins your ranks . 
  so you can handpick people with simillar personality to yours . 
  in that way you can absolutely shit on everything - and no one from outside can do a thing !, 
  as old saying - `` power corrupts - and absolute power corrupts absolutely '' without any means to punish or influence judges - they can do whatever they please - covered by their friends they can go out even with most absurd decisions . 
  so yeah - our current system is shit . 
  it serves wealthy and powerfull - not all of the people . 
  he gives all sentences in accordance of his understanding of law . 
  so his beliefs and view of the world influence his view on the law . 
  does anyone know - what sort of proposal ? 
  this is the first time i heard that . 
  are they trying to buy over poland ? 
  a discussion on the reform of the polish judiciary will be presented on wednesday after a meeting of the european commission - said ec spokesman margaritis schinas on monday , asking about the veto of the supreme court and the national court register by president andrzej duda . 
  at a press conference , schinas was asked to comment on the decision on vetoing the supreme court and the national court register , and asked whether the ec did not hurry to comment on the polish judicial reform during last week 's wednesday conference . 
  frans timmermans , vice-president of the european commission , ** has submitted a proposal to the polish authorities , the ministry of foreign affairs and the ministry of justice , and this offer has not yet been approved . 
  ** july 26 , '' - said the spokesman . 
  he added that he can not now say anything about the future ec decision on this issue . 
  on monday , president duda announced that he had decided to veto laws on the supreme court and the national court register . 
  the european commission announced last wednesday that it is close to launching art . 
  7 of the eu treaty allowing sanctions in connection with the planned changes in the judiciary in poland . 
  `` they bring the independence of the courts and threaten the rule of law in poland , '' said timmermans . 
  he also announced that this week the ec would prepare a procedure for infringement by poland . 
  = / = divided, 
  what i ment was - judges are but a humans - they have their beliefs - and be that as it may - most judges in poland have liberal inclination - what automatically puts them in opposition to right-winged government . 
  i fear that they might have played duda for a fool . 
  they will buy time - and after elections in germany the pressure from eu will be so overwhelming that we will stay with that fucked up system for decades . 
  i hope i 'm wrong . 
  again with that propaganda troll ? 
  you put your pre - selected manifest everywhere . 
  how much do they pay you ? 
  takeover - no . 
  more like connecting judicary to democracy . 
  right now - judicary is the only judge of judicary in poland - and it generated lots of corruption . 
  people want to change that sick system but opposed the way pis did it . 
  president will now push for changes - but in more civilized way - because current sutuation is not acceptable by polish people either . 
  he announced wide consultations and social dialogue with many groups . 
  so yeah - changes are necessary . 
  we avoided internal war thanks to him for now . 
   a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one . 
  i believe senator palpatine said that to queen amidala when he was elected new chancellor . 
  you know how it ended ;-), 
  the problem is that judges in poland are already political - so there is not much that can be done with it . 
  screaming about how judges are apollitical in poland is bullshit - and everyone know it . 
  there is however an easy way ( and politically correct ) - that all poles ( parties not necessary ) will like . 
  elect judges of supreme court in direct elections ( for example we could connect them with presidential elections to save money ) . 
  two things must be done for certain in that reform . 
  both this things are wanted by poles . 
  1 ) improve the speed of courts work ( right now it is a perversion of some sort ) 2 ) connect in some way judges with democracy - judicary can not be the only judge of judicary - as it is now - beacuse it generates problems and corruption beyond imagination ( as it is now ) . 
  the question is - how ? 
  i did not claimed that we were divisioned in the same way . 
  we have many thick `` division lines '' in poland . 
  our law was being screwed from the very beginning . 
  only current government does not have so much media control as pervious one . 
  ( tvn is constantly supporting left-side in poland so there was no one to criticize po ) . 
  no that we have pluralism in media ( first time since 28 years ) many things are much more visible . 
  still - we avoided internal war - that counts for something . 
  ability to back down for the sake of nation - i might get used to it - it is nice for a change from usulal presidents . 
  the best part is - we will still have reform . 
  he announced start of preparations for his own reform - with wide support of people and wide consultations . 
  like killing 4 birds with one stone . 
  1 ) he is now picured as someone who unites poles ( the country was pretty much divisioned for about 20 years now ) . 
  2 ) no one has a right to punish poland now for any imaginary faults = no sanctions unless someone wants to be blamed for another shitstorm ( timmermans ) . 
  3 ) the reform - that most poles want - will happen - that will be the axis of talks now - not weather to change or not - but only how to change . 
  4 ) opposition is disarmed and can no longer protect status - quo - unless they want to be picured as warmongers now . 
  very smart move - i did not forseen that to happen, 
  he ment france and netherlands - so yeah - i think those countries are in eu ( still ) . 
  a lot more rides on that meeting than one thinks . 
  `` substantive discussion '' in polish political dictionary mean - `` concrete proposals '' . 
  in other words there are two options . 
  1 ) they will propose other changes to courts - less controvertial - but still changing the system - that might actually be applied without so much emotions . 
  2 ) they will whine that `` democracy is endangered '' or `` separation of powers will be destroyed '' - in that case he will simply sign those bills . 
  of course it might have served purpose of building tension for few days - but other than making those changes more painfull for poland - would amount to nothing . 
  for those from outside - remember - poles cosider current judical system bad and corrupted - protecting it will gain you no sympathy . 
  ** people protesting do n't want pis to have influence on courts ( where i agree - it is dangerous ) - but it does not mean that they love current judicary system . 
  because they do n't . 
  untill now no one had guts to change anything - while people demanded it . 
  ** so basically - the whole fight in poland among simple people is - '' ** how ** we should change that system ? '', 
  not '' should we change the system ? '', 
  so changes will come anyway . 
  their shape however is still negotiable . 
  president andrzej duda will meet on monday with the first president of the supreme court margaret gersdorf and then with the chairman of the national council of the judiciary dariusz zawistowski . 
  already on friday it was reported that on monday there will be a meeting of president andrzej duda with i president of the supreme court margaret gersdorf . 
  on sunday , it was reported that the head of state would also speak with the chairman of the national council of judiciary dariusz zawistowski .
