  it is based on an objective assessment of geostrategy and geopolitics without any ideological intrusion . 
  for several centuries this is a very characteristic , unmistakable thinking of russia , about this space.according to russia it is rivalry between the polish and russian ambitions and this is another view of this competition , this time using the forces of america . 
  the russians look at it , and without any qualms they look at it as a competition . 
  `` according to the russians , poland has no allies other than ukraine and the united states . '', 
  dr jan wi\u015bniewski , lecturer at nicolaus copernicus university in toru\u0144 and wsksim in toru\u0144 : `` it is not true that the czech republic is negatively looking at polish '' eastern `` foreign policy and that it reduces military expenditures . 
  as for the hungarian president , viktor orban has been leading and always leading his policy - hungarian politics . 
  he has tried to balance relations with brussels and moscow , but he is a man who in a particular cases goes to european interests . 
  and never retired from the intermarium project . 
  `` russia is concerned about trump 's arrival , and it will underline the role of the united states as a leader in the context of its involvement in the eastern nato border , '' trumps words on his visit may refer to the increase in defense spending by european allies . 
  it is not by chance that the supply of poor quality gas from russia to poland has recently occurred , and i think it is also a signal to show the kremlin 's kind of concerned about this . '', 
  and the cheaper the gas will be . 
  our buisness is not only in transit itself cheaper gas = less money in russia budget = less money available for military spending in russia . 
  and no longer russia will be able to cut deliveries as a form of `` punishment '' . 
  so poland is a double winner here . 
  even when balkans bulid their pipe - lower prices on gas will improve our situation from todays . 
  when the gasport is upgraded it will be able to process 7,5 mln cubic meter per year . 
  our consumption is 14 mln . 
  there are plans for second gasport and for a pipe to denmark . 
  only when this is compleated we could say that estern europe will diversify its gas deliveries ( there are connections from poland to neighbouring countries and further ) right now we made about 1/3 of the way, 
  many people think that we are naive to try to `` befriend '' usa aggainst western europe . 
  the truth is that usa and china are the only countries that russia is afraid of . 
  so realtions with usa are absolutely cordial to poland . 
  without them russian army would already be at our borders . 
  diplomacy is the moment when nobody dares to call it by name . 
  if we will ever be forced to choose between western europe and usa , than with hevy conscience - we will stay with usa . 
  we never again want to suffer occupation by either russia or germany . 
  millions of dead peaople . 
  risk is not something we can afford . 
  so bringing in troops from usa and chinese investments are the best deterrants aggainst putin . 
  i recognise that western europe sent troops also . 
  but russia is not afraid of them . 
  only of usa and china . 
   the tribunal can decide about the tribunal . 
  where is that written ? 
   the president accepts the members of the parliament . 
  he ca n't go against the courts . 
  parliment yes . 
  in this case is about judge himself declininig to vow . 
  however it is clear that without vow - he is no judge of contitutional court . 
  so vow is not only `` ceremonial '' as some claim . 
  the tribunal was having a vote about his own tribunal laws and members ( questionable authority - but theoretically legal ) 2 . 
  there was no `` vacatio legis '' ( the time for tribunal decision before parliment decision comes to life ) so even if the tribiunal did gave such opinion it did not had any legitimate bases , as the decision was made before tribunal gave any opinion ( questionable - but also theoretically legal ) . 
  the president can not go aggainst the parliment . 
  when the parliment elected new judges - the president - even if he wanted - could not take vows from `` old '' candidates as it would be going aggainst the will of parliment . 
  and that definetly would be breaking the law . 
  actually `` wyborcza '' belongs to `` agora '' concern . 
  the owner is polish - but left-wing . 
  show me the paragraph . 
  the one that states that president must take vows from judge . 
  i read that and felt as if i was living in ussr . 
  there should be some limit to propaganda ... 
  i know that you may not like our government - but we do . 
  please do not blindly trust any rethoric that is attacking polish government . 
  ask yourself two questions . 
  pis managed to win despite nearly all media being on the civic platform side . 
  why is that ? 
  pis is the first government in 30 years that is gaining support after winning elections ( for now everyone were loosing support after winning ) . 
  why is that ? 
  political virgins --  not taking any sides / neutral in judgement . 
  the whole thing abut `` braking the costitution '' is also exaggeration . 
  in fact what they did was only use `` hole in the law '' the problem was that our law does not precise weather or not the president can decline to take vow from judge . 
  they simply decided that he can . 
  while the opposition said he can not decline . 
  so the situation was unclear , but i am sure that most of voices you heard said that they are obviously braking it . 
  thus spinning the public aggainst government in hope that they will bend in fear of sanctions . 
  true enough about its origins . 
  but they are not political virgins . 
  from wiki : political commitment [ edit ] the new pwn encyclopedia of 1995 classifies gazeta wyborcza as a `` liberal-democratic orientation '' [ 75 ] . 
  during the campaign before the presidential elections in 1990 , the editorial board of the newspaper sympathized with the candidate tadeusz mazowiecki , while also fighting against lech wa\u0142\u0119sa 's candidature [ 76 ] . 
  in a report by walery pisarz concerning the 1995 national press , it was shown that during the parliamentary elections in 1993 gazeta wyborcza was in favor of the democratic union , while criticizing the confederation of independent poland . 
  after the founding of the freedom union , the editorial office supported the party 's demands [ 78 ] and , after its breakup , began to sympathize with the civic platform , demonstrating a tendency toward a critical approach to the party of justice and justice [ 79 ] . 
  this translated into official support for the civic platform during the parliamentary elections of 2007 [ 80 ] and presidential candidates in 2010 and 2015 , where both editors opposed the election of bronislaw komorowski . 
  [ 81 ] [ 82 ] end of quote . 
  durring those 8 years of civic platform rule this newspaper got many benefits and was widly promoted abroad . 
  no we pay the price because the only voice heard abroad from our country is in opposition to mayority of our citizens . 
  this is sad . 
  the newspaper has yet to publish a single good news about current government - while the support for government grows . 
  well , conclusion is simple . . `` gazeta wyborcza '' is supporting opposition . 
  there was a sharp decline of sales ever since they ecouraged sanctions aggainst poland or other forms of blackmail , only to put civic platform back in power . 
  it is no longer largest newspaper . 
  i believe it is third now . 
  `` gazeta wyborcza '' was a propaganda tube for the previous government in poland . 
  a very well paid tube . 
  now they lost their influence . 
  government is no longer paying for issuing this newspaper in the public offices or universities . 
  they no longer give any advertisements to it . 
  meaining they lost a lot of money . 
  this newspaper is in `` state of war '' with our current government , and everyone knows it . 
  even the opposition supporters . 
  well . 
  not exactly . 
  people were massively protesting aggaint those `` anti-discriminatory '' policies installed by pervious government . 
  severeal court cases were even in place when parents found out their children might be encouraged to do what is usuall for the opposite sex . 
  ( for example there was a loud case of boys wearing girls clothes as a form of `` experiment '' ) it never took any root in poland , as parents monitored and asked children about what they were doing at school . 
  teacher attempting to direct its pupils into more `` open '' understanding of gender or homosexuality , or suggesting that such things are normal - could loose a job . 
  not because of their protests directly , but because people were simply removing children from such schools , the word about school policy got out , and they went bancrupt . 
  plus `` gazeta wyborcza '' ( where the link leads ) is most zealous anti-government newspaper in poland and only a few people take seriously what is written in it . 
  [ ... ] the key message is going to be about the u.s. engagement in the region , taking our security relationships to the next level and i think we can expect some important developments here both in the context of nato , our collective defense commitment to the region which is really important and about the strong u.s. - polish defiance cooperation '' , said damon wilson , an executive vice president of the atlantic council . 
  lidia gibad\u0142o : during his visit in poland donald trump is going to give an important speech . 
  what will be its bullet points ?
