   but it can not be expected for a complete solution to happen overnight . 
  to us what you are saying is : `` we will not help with the problem until the problem goes away '' . 
  i do not expect a solution overnight . 
  what i ment is - by giving politicians less time to act by refusing quotas - we are speeding up actions taken by them to stop migrants . 
  ** especially those controvertial ones - that no politician wants to make - because it is unpopular or requires use of force ** . 
  plus - countries from ee help in this crisis - we are simply opposed to any actions that might be considered a `` pull '' factor for other migrants - and deciding on quota system would be a huge pull factor ** especially that in the beginning eu wanted to `` standarise '' the help for migrants - in order for them not to move after relocation - what would make syrian refugee make more money than average ee full-time worker . 
  recipie for social dissaster ** . 
  by reducing pull factor we can ease the pressure on italy and less people will drown in the sea . 
  increasing it by committing more money for migrants social `` pocket money '' and sending more ships to bring them - only multiplies the problems . 
  something like catalonia in spain ? 
  where would i put the camps ? 
  closest to the means of transporting those people back afterwards - i know - it is mostly south - but spreading them everywhere would only complicate the logistics . 
  as for - who would pay ? 
  the entire eu should pay and trust me - you would convince east eu to that solution very quickly . 
  we are not monsters - and if it is about money for survival - we would share . 
  about quotas being temporary solution - unfortunetly i do not believe it . 
  not one european politician has even outlined any solution and buying time with quotas would tempt the politicians to prolong time without difficult decisions , untill the situation worsens again - this time in entire europe altogether . 
  if someone said - take this 7000 refugees and afterwards we present the solution to the problem - we would accept . 
  unfortunetly we believe that they simply want to make it standard - so we oppose even to those 7000 . 
   so even the universal declaration of human rights is a piece of garbage to you , nice . 
  where would you put those camps ? 
  who pays for it ? 
  you are missing the point . 
  i dont like the situation as much as you do . 
  but it does not change the fact that with current setup europe is powerless to stop this crisis . 
  if we do not change anything - in several years some countries will simply collapse under the wieght of migrants and europe will retract to the era of small warring states . 
  forcing quotas would only prolong this situation for a few years - but nothing more !, 
  iron lady - `` yes , the medicine is harsh . 
  but the patient requires it '', 
   not only syrians qualify for protection , for example in one of the countries you named ther is a de facto civil war going on too . 
  ukraine perhaps ? 
  we could gladly accept ukranians . 
  according to international law there is a war in ukraine . 
  and conflict concerning taiwan would put entire china ont the list of countries with civil war ( acc . 
  to china - taiwan is internal part of china ), 
  first of all - remove the stupid `` belief '' factor . 
  if you lost your id you get to wait in camp with bare minimal support , and wait to be deported to country you claim to come from as soon as war is over . 
  no social - no work - no freedom - just waiting for return . 
  and after peace is achieved you are deported there - even when someone changed his mind and claimed to be from somewhere else now . 
  the current system was designed for fewer migrants and with belief that people migrate for work and will assimilate . 
  it proved wrong , so the current system must be changed . 
   you do n't get to choose what laws you follow and what you ca n't ignore . 
  we do . 
  laws are made by men , and by men they can be undone . 
  the reality changed - and it did not asked our opinions . 
  the laws must be adjusted - or they will lead to misery for people following them . 
  it is that simple . 
  if it was not we would all be still following hammurabi codex ( the first laws ever written ) . 
  nothing is constant or permanent . 
  nothing lasts forever . 
  it will not be stopped just because someone said it is `` aggainst the law '' . 
  that leads to denial of reality - and that leads to dissasters . 
  that law should be changed while eu still has the power to do it - in future it might not be so . 
  i mean to arrest smuggler . 
  you need to locate him - which is simpler than locating enemy soldier ( satelites over medditerrenian sea - and smugglers have no jamming devices - their boats can be easily spotted and interrupted by helicopter with 2-3 soldiers/policemen on board ) . 
  and than arrest him - which does not require killing him - also simpler than combating professional soldier - any representant of border authorities can arrest such smuggler , and he will not put much of a fight ( facing coast guard with long guns ) . 
  spotting such boat leaving migrants on the sea ( via sattelite ) shoul be treated as the proof of guilt . 
  anyone guiding those boats is a smuggler - where is the problem ? 
  people on those boats have no right to stay and are obliged to point who guided them there ( refusal to cooperate is treated as being acomplice to criminal ) . 
  if armed forces can not deal with those kind of people and are outwitted by smugglers - than they would be no challange to any military power outside eu . 
  and they want to build eu army ? 
  they failed to stop smugglers - how are they supposed to stop trained soldiers and tanks ? 
  this is riddiculous . 
  they will keep coming untill eu is out of money - then the true `` crisis '' will occur . 
  national defense minister antoni macierewicz has announced that it is planned to purchase 160 lobster launchers , not as planned for about 50 , according to polish radio . 
  the head of the ministry of national defense in radio one said that the `` lobster '' system would be `` one of the main '' elements of the polish missile defense system . 
  he pointed out that it is expected to acquire as many as 160 launchers of this type when previously planned about 50 . 
  patriot rockets are just a part of this venture . 
  as for quantity , the main tool will be lobster rockets , which we had to buy 50 launchers , we will buy 160 . 
  head of the ministry of national defense antoni macierewicz the initial assumptions of the technical modernization plan provided that 56 lobster missile launchers were purchased for three squadrons ( 3x18 ) and two school vehicles . 
  during the presentation of the defense concept , however , it was stated that the purchase of long-range artillery ( barrel and rocket ) artillery would be widened , given the particular importance of the defense capabilities of the country 's territory . 
  the minister pointed out clearly that lobster would be an element of polish air defense . 
  the us army intends to integrate the himars system , based on the lobster , with the ibcs air defense management module . 
  this will allow you to attack your enemy 's missile launcher based on a recognized ibcs airborne situation , which will significantly increase your anti-strike capabilities . 
  this command system is also planned for delivery to the polish armed forces along with the patriot kits . 
  at the same time it is known that air defense support only on defensive systems ( such as the vistula and narew ) could expose it to the use of interceptor missiles in the event of a massive attack . 
  this is probably the reason why the ministry of defense wants to include lobster in the polish `` shield '' . 
  a few days ago , the polish armaments group recommended lockheed martin 's offer for further negotiations on the rocket system . 
  the `` lobster '' will therefore be based on the american himars system . 
  it is currently capable of using gmlrs missiles ( about 80 km ) and atacms ( about 300 km ) . 
  the gmlrs will , however , be upgraded , with a range expected to increase to 150 km within a few years . 
  in the next decade , the mlrs launcher ( both m270 and m142 himars ) will be supplemented by a new lrpf missile with a range of up to 499 km . 
  currently his program is at an early stage , both lockheed martin and raytheon are involved in the work . 
  after obtaining the appropriate us government approval all these systems and ibcs integration will be offered to poland . 
  the lobster program assumes the construction of a rocket-based artillery system based on technology transfer . 
  the role of the consortium leader is pgz , the launchers will be built in stalowa wola steelworks with the support of other polish companies ( eg wb electronics , which supplies elements of topaz , mesko or grudzi\u0105dz ) . 
  the decision to increase the number of `` lobster '' launchers should be related to the implementation of the recommendations of the defense concept . 
  this kind of armament can effectively strengthen the defense of the territory of the country , especially if it is integrated with an appropriate system of reconnaissance , command and fire management ( part of which is likely to be ibcs ) . 
  it is worth adding that after years of reduction , the numerical potential of rocket artillery also increases the american army . 
  for service will be restored to the additional 160 m270 mlrs launchers on the crawler chassis , which will then be upgraded . 
  mlrs and himars launchers are also currently being deployed in europe as part of the army prepositioned stock strategic magazine . 
  probably on the continent will also be formed new units with mlrs launchers . 
  the decision of the ministry of national defense is in line with the trend of increasing the importance of precision rocket artillery systems . 
  they allow quite free and largely autonomous action in contrast to , for example , fighters , tied to bases and exposed to enemy anti-aircraft defense . 
  probably a significant part of the additional supply of lobster systems is planned after 2022 . 
  the funds for this purpose are to come from , among others , a gradual increase in defense spending ( to a minimum of 2.1 percent of gdp calculated in nato methodology in 2021 and 2.5 percent of gdp in 2030 ) . 
  in addition to the lobster system , during the presentation of the defense concept , the republic of poland also announced plans for limited modernization of the wr-40 langusta artillery system . 
  on radio one , the minister noted that by 2022 poland should hit the first patriot batteries . 
  `` i hope this will be done sooner , '' noted the minister , referring to a memorandum recently signed by the ministry of defense and the american side . 
  year 2022 is the `` deadline '' .
