  you must buy medicals , food and pay bills untill next month . '', 
  unfortunetly the game proved to be unbalanced and to difficult for many . 
  plus it got criticized for drasting scenes and inhuman behaviour of some npc 's . 
  but true . 
  our social system is shit ( in poland ) - if eu took example from us nobody from africa or middle east would like to migrate here ( they would prefer war and bombings . ), 
  a little more and we will see a border fence betwean poland and germany . 
  people are complaining abut some migrants `` visiting '' from germany . 
  there is no spoon !, 
  c'mon even if he orchetrated that he is still several lenghts over pervious government - that only followed eu fearing to do anything without merkel or eu blessing . 
  we finally elected government that acts from the polish perspective - not someone else 's . 
  they have nearly full power - but also nearly full political responsibility . 
   and people are n't protesting because some politician told them too , they 're protesting because they care . 
  since when ? 
  i said `` nearly '' . 
  the people were so pumped back then that even a little blod could make them frenzy . 
  hopefully it will end before it begins . 
  police is gathering near parliment right now . 
  while opposition says it will use `` whatever means necessary to stop it '' . 
  and ecourages people to act `` in defence of courts '' shit - we are in for another december 2016 - it nearly ended badly on that day . 
  look for tomorrow news about violence in warsaw, 
  police is gathering near parliment . 
  while opposition says it will use `` whatever means necessary to stop it '' . 
  and ecourages people to act `` in defence of courts '' shit - we are in for another december 2016, 
  something like that, 
  assuming the starting number in 1989 was 0 - we have about minus 424 . 
  the first were elected by politicians in fact . 
  what makes you assume that those elected will be less plural than those who were elected 28 years ago ? 
  ( also for political reasons ) who decided who will enter judicary ? 
  ok . we give you money back ( minus our financial input to ue ) - you give us back all our companies and 2,5 mln people that emigrated to we retracted to the age when they left . 
  deal ? 
  how would that change our current situation ? 
  they never were fair and just . 
  i really do n't think that anyone would believe opposition to give them something . 
  not after their pervious rule . 
  after taking power they would simply claim that `` damage after pis is so severe that we need money '' - and destroy everything pis did . 
  no 500 + , no lower retirement age and of course no other promises kept . 
  banning abortion was a citizen initiative ( gaining enough signatures makes parliment to address issue in poland - that is official rule ) . 
  protest begun so that our parliment might not be tempted to do it . 
  but `` banning abortion '' was not government initiative . 
  the problem in poland is that opposition does not think for itself now . 
  their agenda is `` obey eu so everyone will praise us and our economy will be growing by itself '' pis has an advantage of addressing peoples problems directly ( not always correctly , but at least noticing them ) i have a feeling that opposition waits for some external force to remove pis for them . 
  they have no program other than `` oppose and destroy pis '' . 
  it was good for short run , but right now their numbers dwindle . 
  unless they actually address some serious issues ( other than that in their eyes everything pis is doing is wrong ) - pis + kukiz 15 will have 2/3 majority after next elections . 
  what is the opposition plan besides diverting all decisions and changes pis made ? 
  pis outplayed every opponent with that . 
  smart move . 
  first announce great and controversial plan for chnging the law 2 . 
  look as everyone in opposition panic - making fools of themselves 3 . 
  allow the concern of the eu grow a bit . 
  pull back on plans and go with the plan you had in mind from the beginning ( much less controvertial ) . 
  now pis has four benefits . 
  opposition looks as panicked fools protecting corruption . 
  pis is pictured as the party that can be reasoned with . 
  changing its mind not to make too drastic changes . 
  reform is being done anyway - so pis gets to fulfill their promise to voters . 
  with little resistance as it is now seen as the reasonable proposal . 
  additional rejection of the new fuel tax only makes it sweeter . 
  eu can claim that it is thanks to their pressure pis backed down - so juncker and timmermans would be happy . 
  shoulder-slapping and so on . 
  all gains - no losses . 
  now observe as pis support in poland skyrockets . 
  this is the national council of judiciary , not the minister of justice , that will appoint the judges of the supreme court . 
  this amendment to the draft law on the supreme court is to be submitted by pis mps - learned from pap sources from pis . 
  according to the draft law on the supreme court , after the entry into force of the new regulations , the judges of the court of first instance , except those indicated by the minister of justice , are to expire . 
  the amendment to be notified changes the record . 
  it assumes that judges whose term of office will not be extinguished will be referred to by the national council of the judiciary , not the minister . 
  the krs , like today , will also play a decisive role in appointing new supreme court judges . 
  it is supposed to nominate candidates whose nominations will be given by the president . 
  the unofficial information of the pap indicates that the initiator of the amendment is the ministry of justice . 
  the head of this department zbigniew ziobro on saturday suggested the possibility of revising the draft law on the supreme court . 
  `` we will not back down when it comes to introducing a disciplinary board in a supreme court , because that is absolutely necessary , but maybe some changes to this project are worth putting in and considering , but if someone wants to organize demonstrations , do blockades , he is looking for good solutions , he is not interested in justice , he is interested in defense status quo at all costs '' - said minister ziobro on saturday program '' guest news `` on tvp . 
  he also expressed his hope to cooperate with the opposition : `` they submit their own amendments that can be taken into account , because they are only proposals , that is to submit to the direction of change and i do not exclude any modifications , although the direction is correct and necessary '' - he said . 
  submission of a draft law on the supreme court and the closing of parliamentary work on amendments to the laws of the national council of judiciary and the system of common courts last week triggered protests by the parliamentary and extra-parliamentary opposition . 
  `` grass is always greener wherever you are not '' :-) we also thought that . 
  it simply exchanged one corrupted fools with another bunch ( and not even totally ) . 
  it took us few years to notice . 
  now those implemented by eu were removed and whole shitstorm blows aggainst us in western media . 
  tread carefully ukraine . 
   or poles to muslims . 
  if i am aggaist upkeeping thousands of people who do not respect my beliefs , the way my country work and are a potential danger to people in my country - do i qualify as a racist ? 
  judges in poland were not respecting pluralism and wanted the country to go further left . 
  aggainst most poles . 
  does that mean that judges not respecting pluralism - could be removed without problem ? 
  if we knew that sooner we would have done it long ago . 
  there are plenty of evidence , stenograms etc. 
  - but who would judge that ? 
  other left sided judges ? 
   except po-psl had 47 % , so that 's almost half of voters , as well as they did n't fuck things up so hard . 
  not to mention that they did n't get 14 % + mandates due to bullshit . 
  yeah because all the support for po+psl was based on logic and solid arguments ;-)  i would n't complain about that if pis had to make a coalition to rule , but they alone got full power with 37 % votes . 
  if korwin had a bit more support he would probably be in goverment - would that be more to your liking ? 
  now who is trustworthy ? 
  of course - they elect left wing nutjobs . 
  but the result will be the same . 
  new ones will argue less and waste less government time ;-), 
   that 's what it 's designed to do !, 
  no - it is not !, 
  the judicary system need to keep an eye for laws to be followed . 
  in poland it simply evolved to the stage that judicary according to their beliefs can interprate law in favor or disfavor of government .
