  in other words - nobody cares what you do - unless you violate night silence . 
  pedophilia is another case - you could be killed in the street for that or at least beaten - by people if they found out . 
  ( polish law is very strict about it , and people demand very high penalties for such people . ), 
  good of the children is sorta `` sacred '' in poland . 
  so children rapings trigger our darker sides - and such people always get highest possible sentence . 
  i dont have al lot of time so i will name few  pis is pro family . 
  the party is giving away 500zl per month for the second and following kids in poland . 
  it is a very good idea however it `` bought '' the elections . 
  the polish economy is unable to sustain such an endeavour roots of populism we have a `` hill '' in budget that year not a `` hole '' - for the first time in 15 years  the army ( 1 ) , police ( 2 ) , the general prosecutor ( 3 ) , courts ( constitutional crisis ) , regional govt , the foreign affairs ministry ( 4 ) , medias ( 5 ) , education ( 6 ) , environment ( 7 ) are under the undemocratic pis rule . 
  every continious goverment took those - by appointing ministeries ;-)  i bet the next step will be imposing stricter rules on the health care -- the pill after regulations and prosecuting doctors who are helping in abortion/anticonception . 
  his personal presumptions  2 -- source pis passed a law allowing `` religious '' demonstrations to take precedence over any other protest . 
  every 10th of every month , the pis party leader kaczynski is making a `` show '' commemorating his dead twin brother . 
  he is using the police to secure his demonstration even if he has no lawful power ( he is neither a president , neither the prime minister , neither the vice president ) . 
  new law expanding police surveillance and the police is getting raises after raises to keep them happy that law does not have anything with religious but `` regular '' . 
  regular , periodic demontrations take precedence in order for people not to get violent on one another . 
  the rest is similarly one-sided and links are to pro-opposition media / journalists/experts . 
  i know it is great to read and matches exactly many people 's beliefs of poland - but at the same time - those are only pre selected views on reality - maching western stereotypes of poland . 
  that is how propaganda work . 
  situation is not black and white . 
  our system is very complex . 
  the bottom line is that many of our country institutes are influenced by politicians . 
  ** they also were influenced or picked in time when liberalism runned uncontested in europe . 
  ** therefore most of people working there are liberal minded people . 
  so when pis won the elections as most of people turned conservative/nationalistic ( those are not offensive in poland ) , what they got was entire coutry system disigned to work only when liberal party is in charge . 
  as most of that system would obstruct any conservative/nationalistic changes ( again - those are not offensive in poland ) . 
  so pis had only two choices . 
  1 ) attempt not to change anything and loose next elections as system would hamper any changes they could make and so none of their promises to voters could be kept . 
  2 ) change entire system - what is happening now and is opposed by `` liberal '' part of europe - as they would prefer po back in power ( po is part of majority in eu parliment ) changing system gives pis real chance to actually rule - and not to wait to be destroyed by liberal system . 
  that is why they shout so much . 
  they thought pis will be destroyed by combined pressure of eu and internal liberal systems left by them . 
  now it is not the case . 
  so it is like loosing elections for the second time to them . 
  in short - system was designed for conservatives/nationalists to loose . 
  pis changed system . 
  i heard stonings are making their comeback due to multiculturalism . 
  we would need some specialists from mena hovewer and we lack those in poland . 
  maybe germany or france would help ? 
  you put that one sided post again ? 
  copy of it is in every topic concerning poland . 
  we know what opposition view on reality is . 
  but we have other and we are in majority now . 
  you forced your worldview on us for 8 years - now it is time to switch places . 
  switch off tvn once in a while - you will get a heart attack at that rate . 
  what you feel - a lot of people felt for 8 years while po ruled - ** and they had no one to beg for help . 
  ** they worked hard to overthrow po . 
  all you can do is spit on your country and tell others to invade it . 
  do not lie to yourself - nothing but the full scale invasion with milions of casualties will force poland to obey . 
  there are no other options to `` intervene '' in poland now . 
  you really want that ? 
  ** work to gain support among people if you feel you are right ** - otherwise any foreign intervention will be simply ocupation with several po politicians as mascotts . 
  yeah people would certainly love you for that . 
  we stopped being world player about 350 - 400 years ago so we grew accustomed :-) . 
  but not being mortaly threatened is something relatively new to us . 
  there were guys in our history that asked for help from outside aggainst reforms in poland . 
  it led to partitioning of poland . 
  why do n't we lern ? 
  are the opposition guys so power hungry that they would risk poland 's independence just to get back to power ? 
  this is pathetic . 
  ** plus - look at the picture closely - it is made so it would seem that there is endless crowd of people - while side street near center point is actually empty . 
  also - crowd in upper right corner is a bit `` thinner '' ** that is what we call manipulation . 
  or `` picture on purpose '' made so the crowd gathered would seem larger than in reality . 
  ** some protest - true - but they are not as numerous as opposition would want . 
  it is realy heart-warming that even in russia someone understands that . 
  `` nu zdorovie , comrade '' ;-) the good thing is that po has no movements that could be used for violence - or we would be in deep shit ( internal conflict ) . 
  in my opinion the guy ( schetyna - po leader ) went compleatly nuts - he would rather start internal war than admit he lost a democratic vote . 
  his party is constantly loosing support - so his language is getting more extremist by the month . 
  after that statemnt only `` die-hard '' fanatics will still support him . 
  we are proposing amendments to the criminal code , where all those who will support jaroslaw kaczynski and those who will vote for the removal of the polish independence courts will pay a legally free poland , - said grzegorz schetyna , po leader in the sejm . 
  - jaroslaw kaczynski , as president of a grouping that systematically breaks the law and destroys polish independence and polish freedom , will be charged by us for the management of this crime , `` said schetyna . 
  on the other hand , the head of the civic platform club , s\u0142awomir neumann , informed that the po proposals include : criminal responsibility for those who will vote or direct projects that destroy `` polish freedom , democracy and the breaking of the legislative process '' and those who will benefit from such legislation . 
  - whoever , with a view to changing the constitutional system of the republic of poland in a manner contrary to or incompatible with the constitution of the republic of poland , undertakes , independently or in cooperation with other persons , activities aimed directly or indirectly to accomplish this goal , shall be punishable by imprisonment for not less than five years , neumann design record . 
  according to him , this record `` includes all those who voted yesterday , breaking rules . '', 
  `` we have a print out of this vote , '' he emphasized . 
  the head of the po club pointed out that the next mps who will vote in the parliamentary chamber for the supreme court act `` will also sign up to this point . '', 
  - civic platform ( @platforma_org ) july 20 , 2017 the second dimension proposed by the po , neumann said , is about `` those who would like to benefit from unconstitutional changes related to breaking the independence of the courts and shortening the term of office of judges . '', 
  - all those who take positions vacated or emancipated by those who are dismissed in contravention of the constitution of the judges will also be punished - pointed out po politician . 
  ** a person who agrees to be selected , appointed or appointed to a post in a central constitutional body of a state emptied in a manner inconsistent with the constitution of the republic of poland shall be subject to a fine , penalty of restriction of liberty or deprivation of liberty from one to three years . 
  ** analogous sanctions have - according to the draft of the platform - threats to those who agree to `` choose , appoint or appoint a judge vacated in a manner incompatible with the constitution of the republic of poland . '', 
  `` no one who will want to take a career path and take vacant positions can not count on impunity , '' emphasized the head of the po club . 
  the coup on the polish rule of law as schetyna had previously said , `` the former prosecutor of the martial law , falsifying and breaking rules of procedure , was lying to reality and actually confirming the coup that is taking place in this chamber . '', 
  he referred to the chairman of the commission pis - stanis\u0142aw piotrowicz . 
  - today , a few dozen minutes before the vote , i want to say very clearly : we are here as the civic platform to remind all those who break the law , commit crimes of coup - the coup for the polish rule of law , the polish sovereignty , the polish freedom , they have a coup aimed at the possibility of falsification of elections , free elections so far - that we will not leave anything behind without consequences , `` he said . 
  `` the test of your consciences '' turning to pis deputies , schetyna added : `` today will be a test of your consciences , decency and polishness . 
  the head of the platform also recalled that on thursday at 20 pm on the changes to the judiciary a demonstration in front of the presidential palace would take place . 
  - once again , together with the poles , together with the inhabitants of warsaw , we will speak , we will appeal to president duda to sign the veto to veto the three statutes - he announced . 
  win elections in poland ? 
  after what he did last time ? 
  not a snowball chance in hell . 
  we got rid of him and now he is eu problem - do not send him back . 
  we will pay for his upkeep and you can keep him in the camp . 
  educate him and try for him to assimilate . 
  that is one thing all poles have in common - thinking the same about their opponents :-), 
  well - one thing is - pis kept promises - even if in its own crazy way . 
  that is a compleate novum in poland . 
  pis is strong with weakness of its oponents - and opponents now are pathetic - begging foreign powers to intervene in poland ( what brings to mind darkest pages of our history ) . 
   is n't donald tusk 's job , as president of the european council , to be impartial , and not to defend poland 's , but the union 's interests ? 
  would be if his party ( po ) would not be leading campain titled `` poland has president of the european council , he is from our country and our party ( po ) and he will be representing polish intrests , so vote for us citizens '' some fell for it - but few , if you look at how po lost majority in parliment . 
  proving that tusk has other matters to attend to , and other obligations - will diminish po support even further . 
  so that statement ca n't be challanged even by opposition - it would be sucidal move for them . 
  you just described 90 % of our society .
