  we entered eu - much chaos resulted because of that . 
  po followed what eu told them - and back then west eu was percieved by poles as `` all-knowing '' . 
  nobody simply had better idea back then - no real alternative . 
  that illusion dissapeared durring continious crisis in eu and suddenly po blindly following germany was insufficient . 
  nationalism and self awareness awakened . 
  that situation accumulated for some time - with migrant crisis as breking-point . 
  then pis came to power . 
   autocracies and dicatorships are not the same though . 
  current pis is a lot like hungary 's fidesz , turkey 's akp , etc. 
  on the surface they are democracies , but scratch the surface a little bit and they are not . 
  that is for people individually to decide . 
  people choose in what country they want to live in . 
  trying to change that from outside leads to chaos and wars . 
  autocracy needs to some extent be based on people support . 
  pervious government had support from eu but not from poles - they ruled because there was no real alternative . 
  now it is other way around . 
  there is no support for actual autocracy . 
  pis advantage over other parties is just enough to introduce some changes - but autocracy would need tremendous support from nation - which is not the case now . 
  ** all that talk about autocracy is just to stir emotions . 
  if kaczynski tried to appoint himself a dictator - he would be laughed to death by people . 
  no support for that among people . 
  we are very individualistic - and frankly speaking - nazi occupation and decades of communism disillusioned us about big ideas . 
  nobody would risk his life for it to manifest . 
  ** both parties tend to use big words - tyranny , autoritharian , traitors or eu lapdogs ... 
  therefore it looks worse on the outside than inside . 
  remember that despite all that shouting and emotions not a single person was injured thus far . 
  poles will not give lives for neither of the parties or their ideas . 
  all that words are now devaluated in poland as they are used on almost everyone in one way or another by both parties respectively . 
  pis is not responsible for what happened in po+psl rule . 
  many transgressions were made back then . 
  frustrating thing was that eu turned blind eye to it as po is in eu rulling coalition . 
  kukiz 15 wants to give more power directly to citizens - for example - they wanted to change electons into single mandated ( people would vote for specific politician from their region rather than entire party ) . 
  so they are pro-change not pro-status-quo, 
  no point in amputing the hand if you will bleed out . 
  poland and hungary leaving would make it clear that france + germany will be rulling over others - so it will probably lead to domino effect . 
  other countries are also despleased with many things eu does . 
  not to mention cutting off baltic states . 
  in their current shape taxation of cargo transport would kill their economy . 
  sanctions require unanimity . 
  however recently the eu is so divided and in so much crisis that they will have a hard time even to launch article 7 . 
  baltic states - endangered by russia and poland is trying to strenghten us presence in the area . 
  so many common interests in the area . 
  poland leaving eu is a death sentence to them as they will loose on-land way to rest of eu . . standynavia + denmark - start o share poland view on the russia and migrants . 
  gb is leaving spain is on the verge of division austria threatens to close borders merkel does now want to attack poland directly ( economical ties are strong on both sides ) east eu shares many of poland concerns . 
  that leaves france + benelux + italy + greece . 
  gathering support from others to act specifically aggainst poland may prove difficult . 
  sorry but islam is in direct opposition to human rights and gender equality . 
  why is it not banned just as nazizm ? 
  compared to that problem - what pis is doing is insignificant . 
  now that is something i call - pretending to have influence on something . 
  ** the parliment in poland is on holidays now and next session will be on september 13 so 1,5 month from now . 
  ** great job mr. timmermans - i can guarantee that parliment will not try anything throughout that time ;-) . 
  you scared them shitless . 
  keep up the good work and earn your shitload of money . 
  the european commission gives poland a month to solve problems with the reform of the judiciary . 
  ** article 7 will be launched against poland if the sn judges are retired , said deputy head of the ec frans timmermans at a press conference in brussels . 
  ** `` changes in the judiciary are increasing the threat to the rule of law in poland , '' timmermans said . 
  `` the judiciary will have a very serious negative impact on the independence of the judiciary in poland , '' said the deputy head of the european commission . 
  truth be told - we did that once . 
  before even napoleon did it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93muscovite_war_ ( 1605 % e2 % 80 % 9318 ) but we did not left any monuments to be destroyed . 
  kukiz 15 was formed as a form of anwser aggainst corruption done by pervius goverment . 
  allying with po+n owoczesna would actually kill it 's reason for existance . 
  what is noteworthy kukiz 15 is the only party in poland where leader do not force `` voting discipline '' . 
  so quite often we have members of that party voting on two diffrent sides . 
  their agenda is to bring changes to unfair system - as they percieve it . 
  the party itself is pretty idealistic . 
  while they may not agree with pis on everything - they want to bring changes as well . 
  so after negotiations - pis is obvious candidate to create government with - rather than po+n owoczesna - that fight in order to keep current situation . 
  pretty much it is obvious the ec would prefer po to be back in power in poland . 
  however poles do not want them back . 
  even the `` copy '' party - nowoczesna ( cutting edge ) did not helped them to refresh their image . 
  i do n't know how it was percieved on the outside - but last yaers of po+psl coalition were not `` milk and honey '' for poles . 
  many people still has a grudge about what they were doing when they were in power . 
  even what pis is doing did not changed their minds about pervious government - `` eu pupils '' as some call them . 
  so here is the problem . 
  ec would like poles to elect po back as a government in poland - what is not acceptable for most - as even in most controvertial momets the opposition support was not larger than pis . 
  while pis having a kukiz 15 as a possible support it is not possible for opposition to gain enough support now to possibly form a government . 
  so we have a stalemate now . 
  ec is counting on people to rebell aggainst pis and bring po back to power . 
  and pis is waiting for another eu crisis to weaken ec influence . 
  time will tell what will happen faster . 
  the bottom line is - that pis care little about ec . 
  and poles hate when someone from outside meddles in internal affairs of poland ( in past millions of our countrymen died in order not to allow it ) - judicary system is percieved as such by most poles - problems with its current form are widely known . 
  so ec has two options : 1 ) do nothing and loose prestige . 
  2 ) go with sanctions and loose poland for eu - not by poland leaving eu - but only a few people would support ec in poland after imposing sanctions - it would be looked at as a form blackmail towards poland . 
  the support for eu entirely would suffer significantly . 
  then - pis could then take more confrontative approach towards eu - and gain support from the people on the way . 
  right now they still must play by the book . 
  either way is good for pis so for now they ignore it . 
  in case anyone wondered what is pis view on the current developments . 
  - the european commission insists on dealing with democracy in poland , which seems to us to be unreasonable ; that is the problem of the european establishment , that it must still prove its usefulness - said the head of pis club ryszard terlecki on tuesday . 
  ryszard terlecki : the eu has a lot of very serious problems ahead and can not cope with these problems . 
  / andrzej iwa\u0144czuk / reporter / east news on tuesday , ec spokesman margaritis schinas announced that the european commission will address wednesday 's issue of the polish judicial reform , taking also into account president andrzej duda 's statement on the veto of two of the three acts . 
  the spokesman announced that the first topic of the wednesday 's meeting of the commissioners would be the recent events in poland . 
  he pointed out that the matter would be dealt with by ec chief jean-claude juncker and its deputy head frans timmermans . 
  the case was asked in the tvp info head of pis club ; it has been pointed out that , despite the presidential veto to the supreme court and the national council of judiciary , the ec did not relinquish its position in the polish judiciary . 
  ** `` i am not particularly surprised by this european establishment that it is so occupied by poland , because the eu has a lot of very serious problems ahead of itself and can not deal with these problems , '' said terlecki . 
  as he stressed , among these problems is brexit , which - he said - was `` a blow for the most serious european integration since its inception '' and the attitude of turkey , which `` very patiently tried to join the eu , now seems to give up . '', 
  another problem - pointed out terlecki - is the issue of refugees and elections to the european parliament , which will take place in two years .
