  after that time - riots and permanent high alert state . 
  of course there are also unstable italy and greece . 
  plus i believe the spain in on the verge of division ? 
  i can say that few would complain . 
  the current system was a facade anyway , and people could not count on it when it mattered . 
  if pis delivers prosperity and safety to people - it will be a step up form current situation for most . 
  the funny thing is that eu can not officially even attack them about handpicking judges . 
  remember venice commission about poland constitutional court ? 
  vc claimed then that it refuses to acknowledge that some judges are politically inclined ( in this case judges elected by po ) and spew bullshit about how judge loses all its political connections when he is appointed . 
  ( it worked in po favour back then ) now it will bite them back as polish government has venice comission report on his side - claiming that there is no danger in changing supreme court because judges are not politically inclined when being appointed . 
  these are the recent supports cbos - gives government better support ibris - gives opposition better support http://ewybory.eu/sondaze/, 
  you are right in that matter . 
  still we will have the `` joker '' dillema with ships and bombs here . 
  if one government treats opposition fairly - and loses power - will he be treated the same way ? 
  there is no outside arbitrary to see to that . 
  eu is out of the question - as it is a side in this fight ( eu would prefer po to be rulling in poland - and enforce many things people in poland do not want ) . 
  and usa recently turned right - just as poland . 
  there is no neutral arbiter anymore . 
  government never cared for opposition in poland . 
  winners rulled - loosers criticized in hope of gaining support - for the last 28 years . 
  eu chose not to see that because po was in eu majority . 
  pis is treating opposition exactly the same way as it was treated before . 
  notihing changed in poland in this matter . 
  eu is `` concerned '' now because it is their `` pupils '' that are treated poorly now . 
  i would say even that po is treated better than pis was , because pervoios government used `` specials '' to raid opposition newspaper ( wprost ) and often used police aggainst protesting people ( to break the march ) - pis never did that . 
  as for `` democratic '' standards - pis stands above po but is not in eu majority coalition - this is the reason for entire shitstorm . 
  if we count it like that - all decisions made for 8 years by pervious coalition po-psl - are not valid because they also had less than 50 % of total polish population . 
  we need to draw a line somewhere . 
  either the majority in sejm rules - or it doest not - and can not change a shit in the country . 
  if someone calims that pis dont have a mandate to do what it dows - neither had pervios majorities - and all ther decisions should be invalidated . 
  not really . 
  i mean - they would simply leave for the west . 
  we would have three options only : 1 ) give them the same money as they have in the west - which is more than average full time worker in poland gets . 
  only sucidal government would propose that - people would overthrow them 2 ) keep them locked in camps and guarded - not very good for political reasons 3 ) take them , let them leave towards west , let them be deported from there back to poland and observe as tensions between countries , local societies and refugees grow . 
  so taking them is a no-win situation for anyone . 
  europe trembles with my every step !!, 
  those plans from cold war we had about assault aggainst western germany might yet prove useful . 
  we have more tanks than germany has now . 
  we will save netherland from bike-holocaust . 
  poland - in response to the european commission - is requesting discontinuance of eu infringement proceedings in connection with refugee ( pap ) relocation decisions in 2015 - the ministry of interior and administration announced on thursday . 
  on june 14 , the european commission decided to initiate proceedings against poland , the czech republic and hungary for their `` failure to comply '' with their refugee resettlement obligations . 
  these countries had a month to respond to the ec . 
  in july and september 2015 , eu member states agreed to transfer 160 thousand . 
  refugees from italy and greece . 
  the deadline for these actions was set for september 2017 . 
  on thursday the head of the ministry of interior and administration mariusz blaszczak at the conference on poland 's response to the european commission on refugee resettlement argued that security is a national policy , not a community policy . 
  the interior and administration department has informed that poland , in its reply to the ec , is requesting to discontinue proceedings for infringement of eu law in connection with the relocation decisions of 2015 . 
  `` systemic deficiencies in the mechanism of relocation decisions that do not allow for adequate security guarantees '' . 
  `` the ministry of interior and administration in its prepared response to the european commission stated firmly that poland does not reject the eu principle of solidarity and the need to provide humanitarian aid , '' the ministry said . 
  in response to the ec , it was pointed out that both italy and greece did not develop `` effective methods for verifying people to be relocated from a security perspective '' . 
  `` it is also not possible to quickly identify people in need of international protection and to separate them from economic migrants , '' the mswia reported . 
  it has been pointed out that until now , no `` effective mechanisms and procedures for verifying '' refugees have been identified in terms of security or the prompt and rapid identification of persons in need of international protection and `` migrants solely for economic reasons '' . 
  at the conference , b\u0142aszczak emphasized that the key issue addressed in the letter to the european commission was security policy . 
  `` the document argues , in my opinion , very strong arguments for the fact that poland does not have to accept economic migrants from north africa and the middle east , called refugees . '', 
  my argument is based on the principle of security , `` he argued . 
  he added that the document was created under the supervision of a deputy minister responsible for for issues of migration policy jakub skiby . 
  according to blaszczak , the relocation mechanism is ineffective . 
  `` it was imposed on poland with the consent of the po-psl coalition , which is a mechanism that attracts new waves of migration . '', 
  the security of polish citizens is the highest priority of the polish government , `` stressed the minister . 
  the polish side emphasized in its address to the ec that the key to solving migration problems is to work at the source - that is , where migration is born . 
  `` therefore , in our view , action by the european union should be based on cooperation with third countries located along migration routes , building their asylum and migration management and humanitarian assistance to refugees near their countries of origin . 
  the external borders of the eu and the fight against smugglers and traffickers , `` emphasized the speaker . 
  according to poland , the relocation decision was based on an incorrect legal basis . 
  `` the decision , in our opinion , ( ... ) should be taken not by the council of the european union , not by majority , but by the european council on a consensus basis , '' said blaszczak . 
  in response to the ec , the interior ministry also drew attention to ongoing pending relocation decisions . 
  in december 2015 , hungary and slovakia brought an action for annulment of the council decision before the court of justice of the european union . 
  poland joined the proceedings as an intervener . 
  as blaszczak said , procedural and substantive objections were raised in proceedings pending , inter alia , that no unanimity was required in the decision-making procedure . 
  the polish side also provided detailed information on the attempts to carry out the relocation decisions from italy and greece . 
  as reported , poland in 2015 reported willingness to relocate 100 people , indicating their preferences - among others . 
  families , single women , having contacts with poland , communicative knowledge of polish , english , russian , french , other eu languages , vocational qualifications , education confirmed by any documents , affiliation to religious minorities in countries of origin . 
  the interior ministry pointed out that the liaison officer appointed to italy was prevented from conducting direct interviews and verifications against the italian relocation candidates . 
  `` poland is thus deprived of the basic means of assessing the credibility of applicants '' , emphasized in the document . 
  on the other hand , as far as greece is concerned , the liaison officer took part in the hearings of the applicants in greece , but in the verified group there were people who might have been a threat to the security of the republic of poland ( eg false identity or false reporters ) . 
  data on their age or country of origin and persons who were informed that they have ties in terrorist groups ) . 
  accordingly , the polish authorities in april 2016 informed the greek side of the inability to ensure an adequate level of security . 
  the greek side withdrew all proposed proposals '' - added . 
  `` our experience is that it was impossible to separate people who are refugees from people who are immigrants who want to come to europe to improve their living conditions . '', 
  it is also impossible to tell the identity of these people , their real age , their country of origin . 
  these are very important issues in terms of security . 
  i will not take a decision that would threaten the safety of polish and poles , `` emphasized blaszczak . 
  `` this is the argument i presented to the ec , and i am convinced that any reasonable person will share these arguments , and we will see how it will be in the case of the european commission to see how ideological fuss is relevant in confronting facts . '', 
  asked what he expected of the decision , the minister replied : `` i expect a sensible response , i expect that the arguments i have presented will be shared by the european commission . '', 
  count kukiz 15 on pis side . 
  in poland votes are counted towards number of all who validly voted . 
  outside of that you have rules . 
  - parties below 5 % support do not enter sejm - coalition of parties starting together below 8 % do not enter sejm we have about a dozen of those - with few `` balancing '' on 5 % support . 
  the rest is calcualated by d'hondt method i have a link to it but only in polish - mayby you will find something in english https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/metoda_d%e2%80%99hondta enough to say that this method is beneficial to larger parties . 
  lucky distribution of votes gave pis enough support to have over a half of sejm . 
  this has happened for the first time in 28 years . 
  untill now the coalition of parties ruled in poland . 
  never single party . 
  senate is elected in direct elections in single mandate regions - so its composition might be diffrent than sejm . 
  the opposition loves to say that current government has `` only '' 19 % of support ( as the recent elections had slightly more than 50 % frequence ) . 
  hovewer they shut up when you point them out that they have only about 12 % counted with the same method , 
   making the law is a popularity contest , deciding who obeys that law and who does n't is n't . 
  but that is exactly the point !, 
  i dont know how much you know - but whole mess is about judicary system and government clashes about making the law - not obeying it . 
  judicary system does not want any changes and claims that government has no right to pass any changes concerning judicatory system because of judicary independence . 
  government believes otherwise .
