  the head of the ministry emphasized that poland is to acquire the most up-to-date version of the patriot missile , as well as `` the possibility for poland to use its own state-of-the-art skyceptor missile technology and omnidirectional radar . '', 
  the memorandum is not binding on either side but marks a `` road map '' for the patriot system . 
  on this basis , the loa intergovernmental offer for the first stage of the program is to be presented by the us side by the end of this year , and by the end of 2018 , the second stage proposal . 
  yep - but that would be violation of law ( docking ) - and you are entitled to arrest anyone on board . 
  crew - 15 -20 years . 
  10 years only when they say where did they traveled form . 
  passengers - transportation to location given by ship crew . 
  they can not ask for asylum , as they violated local law ( by illegally docking ) . 
  so then it will not be a matter of sending back to dangerous country . 
  it starts with ( 48 ) seriously - we are sending help to country that wants to stop migrants . 
  hungary is an example + we declared already that any country trying to stop migration can ask for help and we will help . 
  well the alternative is living with deaths of all those who drowned on their way . 
  as long as they believe they will be accepted - they will come . 
  the anwser must be brutal and final - otherwise many more thousands will die on the way - and they will keep coming untill europe enonomical and social model collapses . 
  those are the only two choices we have now . 
  i pity itlay - as they are in shitty position regarding this crisis . 
  we also suffered many times because of our location . 
  that is why i believe the choice should belong to italy - and no one has the right to object their decision concerning closing ports . 
  now it will be another front within ue . 
  france and germany will be scolding italy when it closes ports . 
  do n't worry italy . 
  we are with you . 
  this madness needs to be stopped . 
  use whatever means you believe are required . 
  nobody has the authority to decide that for you - as the problem is on your lands and you know the problem best . 
  if you need helicopters , planes , policemen , soldiers or even money to secure yourself - call us . 
  italy should simply close its ports - with one week warning before that - after that time - if someone wants to commit sucide by drowning in the sea - their choice . 
  nobody in europe would be able to even criticize - given the circumstances . 
  those people should be absolutely certain that they will be sent back !, 
  and that they will not get anything by coming to europe . 
  then nobody would be stupid enough to board the boat and risk life . 
  it would save thousands of people . 
  nope - from our point of view they are simply pro-polish and pro-hungarian . 
  ue is simply secondary to them - but none of them wants breaking the eu . 
  they simply put internal matters over what eu has to say - and have support of citizens in that . 
  the problem is - what are they supposed to do when eu wants something their citizens do n't want ? 
  are they supposed to use tanks aggainst their citizens to force the eu will ? 
  would that be democratic in the eyes of eu ? 
  because this is where it would end - we are very short tempered when someone is trying to impose his will on us . 
  nazi and communists felt that . 
  majority of people here do n't like what eu is trying to do now . 
  unelss you use brutal force it is impossible to do what eu wants . 
  `` cutting funds to bring us back to the line '' as some propose would simply strenghten our point of view for us . 
  merkel knows that - and that is why she does not want to do it . 
  the more i read the german newspapers the more funny it is . 
  - poland and hungary aggainst the europe - usa isolates itself - great britan is isolating itself leaving europe - greece and italy are alone with immigration crisis and economy crisis - now turkey is aggainst the world - spain is alone with the crisis in catalonia the more i read the more i start to realise that it is germany + benelux + to some extent france that are more and more isolated in the world with their view of reality . 
  as more and more countries no longer care what those have to say . 
  recently even austria - natural ally to germany moved troops to secure borders with italy - they probably have enough cultural divergence ;-) france + germany + benelux hardly represent `` entire '' west anymore . 
  :-) and no longer have the authority to lecure others on how they should behave . 
  there were talks about buying new machines from usa 2 - 4 squadrons ( squadron in poland is 16 machines ) 2 squadrons of f-35 and probably 2 squadrons of f-16v . 
  maximum 64 machines in total . 
  adding to our 48 f-16s ( block 52 ) we would exploit 112 multi-purpose fighters from usa . 
  hovewer everyone is asking `` where do we take money for all of that ? '', 
  btw - we bought some jassm-er ( over 900 km range ) from usa . 
  are f-35 already used to carry them ? 
  ( our f-16s are ), 
  `` aggressively court the usa '' ? 
  throughout the last 10 years georgia was invaded , ukraine lost crimea and wages war in donbas aggainst in fact russian troops , baltic nations air zones are constantly broken , and nearly all russian army excercises involve using nukes aggainst ee as well as massive assaults . 
  yep . 
  we are the troblesome ones . 
  the topic of receiving refugees is always hot and it raises extreme emotions . 
  however , most poles do not want to take them to poland . 
  this is shown , among other things , by the last poll . 
  what are they willing to sacrifice achieve this ? 
  according to a survey conducted by ibris for the `` polityka '' weekly in june this year , 56.5 % the respondents believe that poland should not accept refugees even if the european union would thereby reduce the payment of eu funds . 
  a little over 40 percent . 
  believes that in this situation our government should , however , give way . 
  there was also a more difficult question : `` should poland refuse to accept refugees from muslim countries even if this is due to the need to leave the european union ? '', 
  the respondents in most responded affirmatively . 
  `` definitely yes '' and `` rather yes '' answered a total of 51.2 percent . 
  people . 
  only 37.6 % believes that in this case we should accept refugees . 
  italy is to receive additional $ 35 million from the european commission for the management of migration . 
  in this way , the ec wants to defer the italian government from the idea of closing ports for ships with refugees and migrants . 
  money is also supposed to get libya . 
  after the eu signed an agreement with turkey to close the so - the balkan route , facing the greatest challenge of receiving migrants , is italy . 
  in recent days , italian newspapers have reported that the government is considering closing ports for aid vessels that do not fly under the italian flag . 
  even the seizure of humanitarian aid vessels was questioned . 
  the ec has admitted to italy that the situation in the mediterranean sea is very difficult . 
  refugees from war zones come to the apennine peninsula , but most are economic migrants . 
  - our efforts must focus on solidarity with those fleeing war and persecution and with our most pressured member states . 
  at the same time , we must support libya in the fight against smugglers and streamline border controls in order to reduce the number of people taking dangerous journeys to europe , `` said european commissioner jean-claude juncker . 
  russian expert on us president donald trump 's visit to poland : the kremlin is concerned about the anti-missile shield project . 
  commentary of polish experts to the words of a russian political scientist : russians unscrupulously look at it as competition . 
  according to a russian political scientist and historian from the department of contemporary history of the central and south-eastern european countries , russian academy of sciences , wadim volobovich , moscow expects that poland will actively seek to activate its policy towards russia in the first place . 
  according to volobovich , it is important for russia that trump is arriving in warsaw . 
  his visit by moscow will be perceived `` by the prism of the so-called + superpowers of poland '' . 
  as explained by wo\u0142obujev , the russian authorities believe that `` poland is trying to rebuild its influence '' in the region as the most populous country , the most militarily and economically powerfull . 
  moscow believes that warsaw will promote a project designed to build a `` new sanitary cordon against russia , deploy a missile defense system and to some extent create a kind of competition against russia . '', 
  `` in my opinion , the polish authorities are now guided by slightly different motives than those assigned to them by the russian authorities , but in moscow they look at polish policy - in fact , poland is moving its own standards - that 's how russia is trying to act now , '' he said . 
  as he noted , in moscow , referring to pan-european values is seen as `` chatter , demagogy . '', 
  in the opinion of the russian authorities , `` the main objective is to rebuild the influence of poland , to a certain extent the reconstruction of the old project of intermarium '' and `` in essence the rivalry of two states - russia and poland '' , but this time poland is trying to resist with the help of mightier state - america . 
  it has good chance to achieve this success '' . 
  at the same time , according to the expert , moscow looks at the polish initiatives and is skeptical about it . 
  russia now has good relations with hungary , prime minister of this country viktor orban `` departed from anti-russian policy , '' but without budapest , `` the intermarium project looks rather dubious . '', 
  also , the czech republic , `` also having a significant role in the region , '' is reducing its military spending and , `` according to volobovitch , '' they are quite negative about poland 's foreign policy . '', 
  for these reasons , according to a political scientist , `` moscow , on the one hand , is concerned about these - speaking in quotation marks - + imperial + ambitions of poland , and on the other , they are unrealistic . '', 
  the russian authorities assume that `` if the poles can rely on someone to support their ambitions to oppose russia , they are primarily in the united states and in ukraine . 
  in principle , poland does not have other allies in this regard , '' concludes the expert . 
  polish expert on international relations commented on : dr jacek bartosiak from the center for jagiellonian clubs comments : `` the analysis of volobovich reflects the russians ' perspective on the region , poland and the geostrategic situation in central and eastern europe .
