  and because that opposition gains support form ue some anger is being directed at ue . 
  we get to choose between `` bad and worse '' and pis is `` bad '' in comparison . 
  the reason they won the elections was a total ignorance of the po ( pervious government ) . 
  they thought that having support of usa and ue will make them rule forever , and did many things aggainst citizens . 
  - took money from retirement funds - accepted quota of refugees - aggaint people - ignored the hunger among children ( it was almost highest in ue two years ago ) - ignored military ( now it is in a very poor shape ) - did nothing to stop mass emigration ( over 2 mln citizens lost to we ) - sold out national companies - ignored citizens initiative ( gathering 100 thousand signatures made parliment to debate on the subject ) - they simply minced the signatures . 
  their only defend was `` entire ue praises us '' , '' we are set as an example '' that gave them 8 years of rule , but it is not sufficient now . 
  how would you do it ? 
  our two mayor growth engines are . 
  trade exchange with germany ( where they also gain ) 2 . 
  internal consumption plus - being in the `` second speed '' might be not so bad if train is heading for a wall . 
  we survived the communism and learned how to recognise propaganda in our `` own '' media . 
  the west ue has yet to learn that . 
  we need us for two things 1 . 
  safety from russia 2 . 
  gas deliveries europe spectacularly faild us in both . 
  untill putin took crimea and started war aggainst ukraine we were called russophobic . 
  now we are called islamophobic ... 
  it is already said that he will be talking about gas delivery ( our new gasport in szczecin ) as for safety - they are moving soldiers into our country ( on our invitation and with our support ) . 
  we are about to sign some deals for armaments with them so there is nothing suprising . 
  this is a two sided deal - no need for concern for anyone ( except for russia , but it is obvious ) . 
  take example from us . 
  70 % of poles dont want migrants , 20 % would accept only for limited time , and our government is combating ue over this for nearly 2 years now . 
  gaining internal support on the way . 
  and we are about 1/3 of italy strong economically . 
  in current state of ue even german-france coallition would not sue you for anything you do . 
  divert them all back , let people ashore , imprison ship captains for life and break apart the boats = problem solved . 
  nobody would criticize you . 
  why is that so hard ? 
  despite what ue says the pis in poland is center-right . 
  if you call pis in poland - right winged party you will only get a strange look . 
  although it is a conglomerate of parties called `` unified right '' that rules now , they have little in common with `` right wing '' . 
  the right-winged party in poland is `` korwin '' now changed name to `` wolno\u015b\u0107 '' ( freedom ) . 
  led by korwin mikke ( the one that sleeps in ue parliment , calls for ue destruction and wants poland to get a nuclear weaponry ) . 
  it is not in parliment now , though it had about 4,8 % support ( 5 % is required for a single party to get to parliment in poland , and 8 % for the alliance of parties ) . 
  allow me to explain . 
  russia denies ee their soverenity . 
  attack in georgia . 
  attack in ukraine . 
  cutting off gas to ee every time we try to get closer to the west . 
  every military trainig with belarus is concernig attacks west - with possible use of nukes on mayor cities . 
  nobody likes his house to be a target . 
  even only in exercises . 
  threats . 
  some russian politics accually threatened us with possible use of nuclear weaponry if we invite soldiers form us to our countries . 
  ( we did not backed down then so there is little chance we will now bend in case of migrant quotas for example - we are accustomed to the pressure ) 3 . 
  ideological difference - for them comunism is still ideology worth trying - for us - it is equally evil as nazizm . 
  we do not hate russians as such - i met a few - nice people . 
  we hate only kremlin , and its ideology . 
  constant breaking of airspace in baltic states and unannounced movments of large military squads in close proximity to the border . 
  this can backfire . 
  for example - always when eu commission threatens poland or hungary , the support for right winged ruling parties grows . 
  if they issue threats towards other countries - some will break , and some will turn hostile . 
  this matter need to be handeled with care . 
  or we risk to multiply the problems . 
  the people have their pride too . 
  looking down on them , and threatening is a very risky game . 
  france is france . 
  and v4 is v4 . 
  we would avoid many problems is everyone understood that simple truth . 
  france asks us - `` why do n't you accept immigrant quotas ? '', 
  we ask france - `` why do n't you stop immigrants from coming ? '', 
  where is the army ? 
  police ? 
  dont you have firearms ? 
  we can support you with ammo if required . 
  france is in permanent high alert status . 
  we do not want that to happen to us . 
  many people blame poland for not respecting the `` rule of law '' , while hundreds of thousands of people are braking through the borders , breaking the law , and terrorising locals . 
  and anyone who speaks aggainst that is considered `` anti-european '' `` egoistic '' `` racist '' etc. . . 
  it is not racist , to not to want chaos in own country . 
  we can really help you in deporting them . 
  but do not ask us to die just because it is pollitically correct . 
  and they really hope to stop putin ? 
  create common defence policy ? 
  when they can not even stop masses of unarmed people ? 
  laughable . 
  we will see what he will do . 
  for now we hear only agressive rethoirc towards v4 , and some idealistic visions on europe future to divert opinion from internal issues . 
  we await his actions to reform the french economy and to ensure safety in france . 
  then we shall see how many people will still love him . 
  there is a lot of construction going on in poland recently + several large projets ( central airport , modernization of harbours , highways , planned nuclear power plants - still in plans ) so there is a lot of work . 
  i wonder if they realize what might happen . 
  if wages for delegated workers will rise in western ue it may result in moving entire production lines to estern europe , where workforce and transport cost is lower . 
  and so only the final products would be transported to west ue . 
  the companies know how to count their profits . 
  plus the prices in we will also rise , because they will need to incorporate higher wages for delegated workers . 
  we will manage . 
  survived nazizm and communism , the problem with wages is small in comparison . 
  we will simply find some other way to make money . 
  when the ussr collapsed it was clear that socialism is not working . 
  although pis is more social than po , their foreign policy is more independant . 
  in poland differences between left and right wing are now defined by the political views on the ue and usa . 
  the funny thing is that poles want to be on good terms with both . 
  we argue about the pedestal . 
  for left wing ue is more important than usa , and for right wing opposite . 
  the fact is that our economy is tied to the ue , and our safety to usa , and it is not going to change anytime soon . 
  having to choose one is suicidal for us . 
  that is why we distance ourselves from criticizing trump . 
  the problem we have is with system . 
  currently the judges choose themselves .
