  they can stall the changes they think are wrong and speed up those they think are right - law has nothing to do with that ( my example from before - they stalled the tax free decision for two years not to make problem for government they liked only to annouce it in the worst possible moment for the government they disliked ) . 
  such practises are common in poland and untill now there was nothing anyone could do . 
  as for their explanation - all they have to say is `` that is according to constitution '' or `` that is according to polish law '' . 
  they bring the paragraph and than they say how they understand it . 
  our law is so full of holes that you could explain just about any decision . 
  without `` fresh blood '' in judicary system ( not filtered by old judicary ) the situation will only get worse . 
  you would need to now the context but there was one prominent case . 
  most people believe that it was pis that attacekd first . . 
  i have it only in polish - sorry . 
  just before the budget was decided - the constitutional court decided to announce decision about tax - free amount ( they had that in their cupboard for two years !!! ) . 
  they demanded tax free amount must be raised instantly ( !!! ), 
  ( what would successfully destroy budget for 2016 and make 500 + impossible as estimated loss for budget would be more than 10 bln zlotych - 10\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 z\u0142 ) . 
  by many pis members it was seen as a declaration of war . 
  and so it started . 
  so yeah - judicary system can have a lot of indirect influence on country policies . 
  i know what you mean . 
  but right now it is just one goalspot match . 
  the only laws that can pass throug judicary system would be formed by current opposition . 
  there is no legal way now to advance country in any other direction than liberal democracy ( west eu ) . 
  every other option would be blocked by liberal judicary . 
  our current judicary would simply stall government , untill people grow tired of the situation - and for minds sake they would give power back to liberals - you call that democratic ? 
  i dont want such democracy that can be coerced from someone above the system . 
   if you read up further on other basic concepts on the separation of powers , you 'll see that the judiciary can not intervene in the legislative - they can only rule on the law or the constitution . 
  but they do . 
  they demanded from president to take vovs from judges that in his eyes were chosen wrongly . 
  also pervious head of constitutional court on many occasions called for opposition aggainst legislature actions . 
  we are really far from `` perfect '' system . 
  and our courts are dominated by people with lefist beliefs - while our government is right sided - and most people today . 
  so we have two groups of people with totally diffrent view on the future . 
  and those views contradict with one another . 
  we can surrender either judicary system or democracy . 
  this is our choice for today . 
  because if government is supposed to listien to the judges ( who are not elected by the people but by fellow judges ) it means that entire elections are a farce because finally what matters are judges views on law and not the will of voting people . 
  and that is totalitarian rule . 
   they should be self-governing and be separated from the legislative and executive branch . 
  that 's the basic concept of separation between the powers of state . 
  if you remove that , you can no longer call yourself a democracy . 
  in genaral concept - you would be right . 
  hovewer judges are only humans - they have weaknesses and their personal beliefs . 
  if they are not affected by the system - they will simply grow apart from society and loose all authority . 
  certain amunt of control is necessery - otherwise we will have self sustainig group ( they choose who gets into the judicary ) of deranged people living separately from the rest of countrymen ( this happened before in poland - when law allowed nobility to do what they want and was constructed in the way that nobody could do a thing to change it ) . 
  so no - we will not repeat that mistake . 
  the change might not be perfect - but the current sittuation is unacceptable anymore . 
  it is other way around in poland . 
  legislature ( in our case sejm ) gets to choose minister . 
  so if minister is making poor decisions he is exchanged . 
  bottom line is that whoever will get majority in our legislature will get to appoint judges via minister . 
  sounds scary at first glance - but untill now we had a judicary system that no one had control over and as such corruption and nepotism runned wild in it . 
  closed system with no connections with the rest of the country mechanisms . 
  so we are in for a serious change . 
  i hope it will work for the best . 
  we are switching from self-appointment of judges in supreme court by judicary system alone to system where minister can `` hand-pick '' them if he wants ( but they need to be judges with many years experience ) . 
  additionally all current judges in supreme court would be removed unless minister says otherwise . 
  so basically we are exchanging one pathology with another . 
  whole shitstorm is about that pervious pathology was backed by po ( party that keeps with eu majority that lost power in poland in 2015 ) . 
  so many people are at one another thorats supporting their respective pathologies . 
  they were driving from sl\u0105sk - heard on the radio in radio zet ( opposition side ) while driving - busses with people with purple ribbons ( colour of judges ) . 
  so it was not totally spontaneous . 
   unemployment was falling with po here - unemployment from wikipedia https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bezrobocie_w_polsce the only year with significantly dropping unemplyment was 2015 ( last not full year of po 8 years rule ) . 
  it was actually rising untill 2013  what ? 
  the money went up quickly . 
  what was the problem was the financial inequality and inadequate social policies . 
  which po + nowoczesna promissed to withdraw - but shut up after decline of support afterwards  that 's why they will go with cheap gas . 
  gas will be cheaper regardless - we have more than one deliverer - so the gasprom monopoly ends here  true - it 's the same as in soviet union . 
  are you really comparing system where people disappeared or were politically murdered and protesting people shot with today ? 
  i do n't even know how to prove pis is not a camel ... today opposition im poland faces less prosecution than it does in germany ( before claiming it is pis propaganda least check foreign sources about germany ) recent - not opposition - but example of chaos there http://www.latimes.com/world/la-fg-g20-protests-20170706-story.html and here on migrant protests http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2016/1/9/germanys-merkel-toughens-tone-on-refugees-amid-competing-protests1.html remember pis using watercannons throughout last 2 years ? 
  i can read . 
  and `` pluralism '' is where people of difrent worldviews work together . 
  if it is not required - all judges could share pis worldview and it would be totally fair ( of course it is not ) . 
  so ziobro can choose whoever he wants - their worldwview does not matter for vc . 
  ** they only can argue if it is okay for him to be choosing them in terms of political organisation of country ** - but not the judges themselves who are picked - if they have years of experience required . 
  so claiming that pis will take all seats for is blindly obedient followers has `` no constitiutional basis for such concept '' . 
  exactly my point . 
  according to that - no matter who is chosen by minister - it will have no impact on judical system because pluralism is not required by venice comission ( `` no constitiutional basis for such concept '' ) . 
  and such judge will - by definition - not be afilliated with any party or his afilliation will not have impact on his decisions - acc . 
  to comission interpretation of our constitution ( of course that is bullshit - but it also was back then - it works in opposite direction now ) . 
  the only criteria will be years of experience now . 
  ziobro can choose whoever he wants - but from among the judges - who - of course - are never afilliated with any party or their beliefs do not influence their work . 
  here it is ( in english ) http://p.iplsc.com/-/00053eff1biot31v.pdf interesting part  117  in poland , the governmental majority argues that the current opposition had time during two terms of the sejm to nominate judges at its will . 
  as a consequence , most judges at the constitutional tribunal are seen to be `` opposition judges '' . 
  according to this logic , the principle of pluralism was violated because the outgoing majority wanted to occupy 14 out of the 15 seats at the constitutional tribunal . 
   118  this view of the constitutional tribunal with judges `` belonging '' to one party and other judges `` belonging '' to the other party seems to equate the tribunal with another chamber of parliament . 
  this was strikingly visible when the judges were marked in a particular colour in the charts presented to the venice commission delegation as if they were a group in parliament . 
  ** the venice commission can not subscribe to such an approach and it has difficulty understanding the aim of establishing `` pluralism '' ** in the constitutional tribunal if this just means appointing a sufficient number of one 's own `` representatives '' to the tribunal . 
  ** this logic seems to assume that a lack of such party pluralism is legally relevant , but there is no constitutional basis for such a concept . 
  ** so there is no constitiual basis for claiming that judges will be dependant on someone . 
  or if that would influence their work . 
  if minister of justice will `` handpick '' them but from among the judges with demanded experience - there is no problem - at least from vc point of viev apparently ;-) all they could argue about would be organisational procedure - but not the `` loyal '' judges chosen by minister . 
  poles will oppose russia , because russia brings poverty with them . 
  as freedom might be secondary to poles - well being is very important . 
  one of the reasons the pervious government was removed was it 's inability to improve people financial status . 
  pis won over a lot of people ( after elections ) by fulfilling their promises and reducing unemployment rate . 
  nobody cares who is the judge in some remote building - but everyone care if they have money to buy books for a kid going to school , of go on holidays at least once a year . 
  by understanding that simple truth pis have outwitted the po . 
  and frankly - i would not want a government who does not understand that to rule over me . 
  germany or france - the islam is in direct opposition to democracy . 
  when locals are outvoted - it will be over . 
  it will start from smaller cities where muslims will gain advantage faster . 
  i would say 5 -6 years more . 
  maybe 10 if we are lucky .
