in government, 
  it 's been 3 years since we last had snow where i live . 
  i do n't think i 've even seen snow come past my ankles my whole life . 
  he 's your fault , he came from inverness . 
  bring us and cornwall too . 
  i 'm not blaming anything on the english , i 'm saying that the large numbers of english people in wales would have an effect on the outcome of the vote in wales . 
  typical english person , stereotyping all welsh people . 
  wales only voted leave by a slim majority . 
  you also have to remember there are a lot of english people in wales which may have influenced the voted somewhat . 
  the chinese used to call the romans daqin and roman coins have been found as far as japan . 
  excellent work lads . 
  quite frankly i 'm suprised the uk is so good on this list . 
  feels bad man, 
  no welsh or scots ? 
  why is france so low ? 
  liverpool also did tryweryn so ... 
  cleetus , get my m16 , we got redcoats to kill . 
  also tried to get rid of the caste system . 
  i stress tried . 
  only unpronounceable for those who never bothered to take 5 seconds to learn how welsh word are pronounced . 
  the same could be said for pretty much any other language tbh . 
  feels bad man, 
  i think you 'll find that slavery was institutionalized long before the europeans came along by the africans themselves , the various barbary states , and the arabs . 
  the atlantic slave trade was never a racist thing and did n't have racial context . 
  the european empires just needed a lot of slaves and the place that happened to be selling lots of slaves were the african kingdoms . 
  it 's not like we just decided we did n't like black people so we thought we 'd go enslave a few to show our disdain . 
  the arab slave trade too, 
  i call them africans because they are from africa , just like you or i are europeans but at not necessarily of the same ethnicity . 
  also , like i said in my original comment , the european slave traders were just as much to blame as the african slave sellers . 
  i was n't trying to downplay the part that the european powers played in the atlantic slave trade . 
  it 's just that people get this idea that the europeans came along with armies to africa and started loading the africans onto boats at gunpoint when , in reality , it was nothing like that at all . 
  [ here ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=west+africa+squadron ), 
  it 's not that we just went and enslaved the population of africa , most europeans would n't set foot in africa at the time . 
  in most cases it was the existing african leaders and aristocracy who were selling mostly their own criminals and captured enemies into slavery for their own gain . 
  not only this but slavery was a critical part of their economy and culture and when the british empire and the americans stopped it ( the blockade of africa by the british west africa squadron and the american africa squadron ) they got real mad . 
  the africans selling the slaves were just as culpable as the europeans buying them . 
  you have to remember that 1/5th of wales ' population are english , the majority of whom are retirees who buy holiday homes here . 
  i feel that may have affected the outcome of the vote somewhat . 
  not patronising at all, 
  to keep them away from our sheep ? 
  more wwii videos anyone ? 
  probably my favorite is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9il_6iyh9gs ) instructional video on the boys anti-tank rifle that disney made for canada . 
  ` rhyfelgyrch gw\u0177r harlech ' ( men of harlech ) , a famous welsh patriotic song , incase anyone is interested . 
  it 's about the 7 year siege of harlech castle , the longest siege in the british isles , during the wars of the roses . 
   china you mean the communist single-party state known for atrocities , economic manipulation , and human rights violations that are still happening to this day ? 
  sounds like a great ally to western european democracy . 
  no , please keep them . 
  you 're welcome to them . 
  pretty much the same here too . 
  a dd in welsh is pronounced like a th in english ( say like the th in `` the '' rather than `` think '' ), 
  i hope 2017 will be less crazy than 2016 . 
  every time, 
  roo-in ree thee-og ee gale uh-ee ruth-row, 
   chronic vowel shortage i beg to differ , we can spare a few if you want to borrow some . 
  that power might have been waning at the turn of the century , but they were still more powerful and influential than any other nation until ww2 happened . 
  well the british empire was the dominant world power for centuries up until the end of world war 2 and the start of the cold war , so he is n't wrong . 
  we will never die . 
  also fuck westminster , all they do is ignore us ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ send ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ help ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ pls, 
   land of the people well that 's boring . 
  i know , but they were a pharonic dynasty . 
  that is what they were most well known for . 
  what 's this , a bee themed village woefully underpopulated by [ bees ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pytxubn1hvc ) ? 
  a large influx of [ bees ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kww9lumd4m ) ought to put a stop to that !, 
  corbyn is the most useless opposition leader ever , do n't expect him to oppose brexit . 
  he even said he would n't try and stop it . 
  we just got the snoopers charter , so i feel you brother . 
  ptolemy land sounds like a shit egypt-themed amusement park . 
  how is this even legal, 
  anything the government wants it to mean . 
  would you like sovereignty with that , sir ? 
  we albania now, 
  they built it as a landing pad for their starships, 
  terrible news m ` lord , we 're running out of butter !, 
  / u/kingharlausofficial, 
  **** sound of swadians crying in the distance ****, 
  no reason for macron to apologise , he did n't have anything to do with it . 
  noone needs to keep apologising for what their predecessors did . 
  what has greenpeace done that should warrent them being declared a terrorist organisation ? 
  it does n't matter whether they tried everything to prevent deaths , they should n't have been committing terrorist acts on a supposedly allied nation 's soil in the first place . 
  i ca n't believe i have to explain this . 
  there 're no rules that prohibit it , it 's just unnecessary . 
  you do n't need to make 3 comments about it, 
  if my experience in wales is anything to go by , quite a few people . 
  i 've spoken to many a person who hates the welsh language , pretty much all of whom do n't speak it . 
  a lot of this is from welsh people , who say things like `` it 's pointless and everyone just speaks english anyway so why bother speaking welsh '' . 
  perhaps what i said was somewhat exaggerated , but it was banned from use in official positions for centuries . 
  it was effectively made a second-class language and its use was heavily discouraged ( welsh nots etc. 
  the islamists have started using giant fans to blow the infidels away from muslim areas, 
  same in wales , though we 've mostly managed to hang on to our language despite it being illegal for centuries . 
  there 's a suprising amount of hate from non-welsh speakers towards the welsh language . 
  edit : welsh was banned from use in official positions , though not made completely illegal , by the laws in wales acts created by king henry viii ( surprising considering that the tudors were welsh ) in the 16th century . 
  even so , its use elsewhere was heavily discouraged . 
  i think that the difference is that wales and scotland are technically countries in their own right , each a constituent part of the uk as a sovereign nation . 
  many other places may have high levels of devolution but they are not counted as nations/countries in the same way as scotland or wales . 
  what 's with the uk ? 
  why is wales and england in blue but not scotland or ni ? 
  triggered, 
  wales is incorrect . 
  should 've done the same as scotland, 
  never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity,
