  we also need zero tolerance for refugees who are threaten christians refugee , raping women and children or start mass brawls with self constructed weapons etc. 
  this zero policy should always go for both sides and not only one . 
  so yes zero tolerance for people who do not respect our laws . 
  i think most people here do not however many of them here are very realistic regard the huge and probably worse change in europe because of it . 
  the times of a safe europe will soon be over , and i am not only talking about radical muslims but also the opposite site which gets more and more extreme . 
  we need to stop this current insanity there is no other way or it will end in a disaster . 
  yes it is . 
  when you seek asylum there are integration laws and one of them is to learn the language you live in . 
  and especially in schools it is very important . 
  studies have shown that when at least 30 % of children in the class can not speak the language it will drastically slowdown these classes and this harms everyone . 
  so stop being selfish and try to learn the language you want to live in . 
  if not you again should be deported . 
  yeah salafists do he same in germany and worst thing they do a better job than the people who help ... 
  how ? 
  if you do not use the language in your free time you will never learn it . 
  especially something so difficult as german . 
  also its separating you from germans as well . 
  that is a huge problem in germany . 
  if you want to live here you should be forced to learn this language that should be one requirement for asylum . 
  i think it is a great idea . 
  if you do not speak german in your free time and even outside of school you will never learn it . 
  languages classes are not enough to learn a language and yes it is a great way to integrate people and not separate them . 
  that is why i call it modern feminism or 3rd wave feminism or even tumblr femininsm . 
  i do now that there are tons of groups like terfs who openly hate transsexuals for example . 
  but modern feminism is the loudest minority group that has stigmatized the women movement up to a level that in the us for example less and less people support or say they are feminist . 
  last polls showed under 18 % . 
  these are the people who write articles about sweat shaming , they talk how sexist it isthat offices have air con , they vandalize and threaten models of ad campaigns they feel offended . 
  they are diversity officers and universities who tell white males that they can not take part in a anti racism rally . 
  they talk about safe spaces at universities , trigger warnings about everything they do not like etc. 
  they call someone who is moderate like emma watson that she is a traitor of her own gender because she also wants to bring man in there . 
  they call everyone who is egalitarian mra because they do not agree that man also should be helped in a way they do not agree with etc , , and yes it is one group just like is is just one group but they are are the loudest group around and poison everything strong women have build and fought for . 
  modern feminism does not care about women in the 3rd world . 
  however thy care about adds with slim models because they feel offended by it . 
  as long they are no modern feminists and not like the new canadian prime minister who wants to fight misogyny in video games ( lol ) more power to them ^ ^, 
  why not just deport the man and give asylum and help to the women/girl to build a new life here ? 
  if you have such a value like a child bride you should not be allowed into the eu . 
  nothing is ever black and white and what w need to do is get rid of these black ones and not the grey ones . 
  which also includes journalists . 
   `` the first group of migrants which arrived in bre\u017eice on monday was quite problematic . 
  they burned their tents , fought each other for food and left a mess after them . 
  the second group which arrived on tuesday was a complete opposite . 
  they organized themselves when we were sharing food , '' he writes and adds that they prevented fighting for food on their own , by forming lines and they saved some food for the sleeping children as well , besides that they also helped the civil defence and the red cross by searching for relatives who got separated from their families within the camp . 
  here is a great way to sort people out . 
  be like group one no asylum and transport be like group 2 and help them with all you can ^ ^ ^ oh yeah and get rid of all these treehuger activists they should not even be allowed to go near these camps . 
  this has nothing to do with integration and yes we can not say which one is raping and which one is not but the moment we know we should fucking do something about it . 
  adn that something is bringing their asses back to were they came from and i do not care if they are getting killed there or not . 
  but given is chances that traditional muslims getting killed are very slim so they will also be fine . 
  i am sorry but if start a brawl that is one thing . 
  if you use fucking iron polls get your friends and start a mass brawl that is another . 
  none of these people should stay in germany . 
  period . 
  and one last thing . 
  if you actually would care for refugees you have to understand that we currently have no space anymore . 
  we are full . 
  places like the lageso are helpless by the masses . 
  the police is totally overwhelmed , teachers , are , doctors as well . 
  we need time to handle the ones that are here and we need to do that with respect and human dignity when they deserve it . 
  next year we can take more and i am pretty sure we can take 500k a year but that should be the absolute max . 
  do not forget these people also want to bring in their families . 
  so with an average of 3 + that and 1 million refugees that would be 4 million alone . 
  all these people need places to live , they need schools for their kids , they need language courses etc. 
  how can you not see that this is absolutely insane and that we need time to cope with them . 
  even sweden says their at their limit and thinking about closing their borders . 
  we already have these suburbs in many cities . 
  we have school with a 80-90 muslim percentage and they do not look good . 
  we have places in which you better not walk around in at night as non muslim . 
  that is one of the worst metaphors i have ever read . 
  but lets go with this . 
  2 people who suddenly try to threaten your homosexual friends , the other one rapes your wife while praising a mass murder called mohamed . 
  so do you panic now ? 
  see we both can play this stupid game . 
  oh yeah i really hope you have no jewish friends because right now in sweden they sing on the streets to kill all jews ... 
  you realize this will get worse and worse or ? 
  this is just the beginning . 
  wait 4-6 month till all of them try to find jobs , try to find a place to live , try to cope with our laws . 
  try to imagine how schools soon will be when the islam is being bought on school ground . 
  some schools with a heavy muslim percent are already terrifying . 
  and this ins only one side . 
  then there is also a medical risk . 
  doctors are already saying how they find diseases in these camps they thought have been eliminated since over 20 years . 
  imagine what happens when children do not even have these kind of antibodies in their bodies anymore when they get sicks etc. 
  now the other extreme one : try to imagine people getting more and more upset not finding a job , thinking refugees get advantages all around . 
  try to imagine how it will be when more and more cities confiscate building for refugees while the ones searching for a affordable place for a long time . 
  experts already saying it will cost us 30 billion a year and how do you think will this be covered ? 
  hey are already taking about tax raises for up to 6 % even politicians still deny that but i am pretty sure they will deny it until it happens right now we are playing lower and middle classes against refugees and this will not end well . 
  and especially not for merkel and i can guarantee that if this goes on . 
  i am talking about traditional muslims . 
  you know the ones who treat women like property , marry of their daughters , the one who think that getting out of the islam means death etc. 
  and no i do not insult every muslim but the traditional ones who live according to these laws . 
  and these people should not live in this free country which stands for equality , freedom of speech and other human rights they do not care or try to opress . 
  i think you need to look up what the real mohamed actually did . 
  he massacred city over city . 
   622 - emigrates from mecca to medina ( the hijra ) 623 - orders raids on meccan caravans 624 - battle of badr ( victory ) 624 - evicts qaynuqa jews from medina 624 - orders the assassination of abu afak 624 - orders the assassination of asma bint marwan 624 - orders the assassination of ka ' b al-ashraf 625 - battle of uhud ( defeat ) 625 - evicts nadir jews 627 - battle of the trench ( victory ) 627 - massacre of the qurayza jews 628 - signing of the treaty of hudaibiya with mecca 628 - destruction and subjugation of the khaybar jews 629 - orders first raid into christian lands at muta ( defeat ) 630 - conquers mecca by surprise ( along with other tribes ) 631 - leads second raid into christian territory at tabuk ( no battle ) mohamed was not a saint and should never be treated like that . 
  he was a monster and this was historically proven . 
  also yes you have religious freedom but the moment your religious freedom is in conflict with our laws you have no freedom . 
  this goes for stuff like equality , homosexuality , no religious oppression etc. 
  for example the zentralrat der juden in germany has already warned about antisemitic threats and not form the germany but the ones coming in now . 
  it does not bold well when people in sweden actually sing in the open kill all jews in 2015 . 
  it does not go well that 40 % of muslims in denmark and the uk actually want the country to be under sharia law . 
  it does not bold well if you see people celebrating the massacre of charlie hebdo because he `` insulted '' their god .
