  if you came from a unsafe country . 
  you will not be deported . 
  but this is what especially germany is not doing . 
  even if you fight , even if you rape this has no consequences on your application or not ... 
  first of all of course the holocaust did happen just like genocide is now happening in islam countries and yes purity or `` reinheit '' is a core concept of-the nazi ideology but it is nothing that germany defines . 
  first of all the one who actually manipulating people was austrian and secondly hitler become what he was because of an existential finance crisis . 
  he got so much power because he promised people so much and he also found a scapegoat in jews . 
  and no one here is really talking about a pure germany . 
  no one wants that not even pegida . 
  the traditional islam with all its rules , and laws is a very dangerous ideology for the west if you want it or not . 
  and if you want to try talk about purity you should talk about islam and not germany because the islam has this purity concept since the beginning of their religion . 
  germany on the other had did not . 
  so again if you want talk about nazis fine but do not try to define germany with nazis . 
  this shit could have happened everywhere and is not defining anyone . 
  no it was not . 
  todays germany did began after ww2 . 
  we had absolute nothing and became one of the leaders of the world in such a short time . 
  this is what should define germany and not nazi bullshit . 
  i mean some people can clearly drink 11k liters of alcohol in a century or so right ? ^ ^, 
  and i am really sick of this . 
  after ww2 germany began to rise faster than any country before . 
  we changed things drastically became one of the leading countries in this world . 
  we united east and west and if you really believe we still need to feel guilty for the things our ancestors did than i really can not help but to pity you . 
  history should never be used as a tool to shame and guilt people . 
  and this is exactly whats going on . 
  the moment we have some concern regarding other nations or cultures and we are called nazi because of it we shy away , try to explain etc. 
  calling us nazi has sadly become the easiest way to shut germany up and i am really tired of this . 
  yes it is a huge concern for these people . 
  and yes rescources also play a role in here . 
  but we are full . 
  we need time to handle the current situation . 
  for example till early next year . 
  then you can probably take in 500k a year but that is the limit . 
  it is ridiculous that almost every gym in germany is already occupied . 
  that many many children have no place for sport activities , that classes are more and more over crowded etc. 
  we need honest words . 
  and these should be we are full at the moment . 
  the problem is that right now this is the only place for normal people as well . 
  and the situation has become so bad that these people who are concerned , who are scared have no other place to go these days . 
  and yes the tide is turning more and more . 
  and even with newspapers . 
  look back one month ago and you can clearly see how even media has shifted . 
  haha try to ask actual people who are helping these refugees . 
  they are way over their limit already on all fronts . 
  refugees have to wait years for a place to live , they know will live in tents during this fucking cold . 
  only insane linke want to take more in ... 
  seriously everyone with rational thoughts know already that we are far far over the limit we can handle . 
  she or her government knew about it at least since early 2015 . 
  i am one of them . 
  seriously greece , vw , and not this . 
  she has done so much harm to germany and europe already . 
  she needs to be give up her position 2016 . 
  yeah and again they just came here finding their luck . 
  they did not occupy anything . 
  we had no shelter or space issues . 
  peopple from east germany had not to sleep in tents during the winter etc. 
  so this comparison is so ridiculous ... 
  i proposed seveal solutions already so do not count me in with these people . 
  this is not comparable to east and west germany back then and even to think like that is ridiculous . 
  first of all these people did not need shelter they tried their luck on their own . 
  secondly gym and other places were not confiscated for these people as well . 
  and when you see how ungrateful some refugees are and still can stay here then my words are failing me to describe how upset i am about this . 
  i am always for helping actual war refugees but when merkel invited everyone and 50 % are not even from war zones then something went horrible wrong . 
  and without these parasites who just want a better life then we would never have these problems we have now ... 
  even when there is such an easy way to prevent this . 
  a refugee should not be able to chose his country . 
  period there is no but or however this would have been common sense for everyone who can think but somehow our politicians can not even that ... 
  it is stupid for sure but this already shows how far the actual opinion already goes these days ... today in spiegel or was it focus was a survey and 1/3 already wanted merkel to resign . 
  this is getting more and more serious by each day and out politicans are still as incompetent as ever . 
  who cares about that name anyway . 
  he will be political done soon anyway . 
  no it is fucking ungrateful . 
  they of all people should know that we have huge issues providing shelter and it is their own fault believing fairy tales about germany . 
  `` hey we are going to help tons of people to actually flee from war . 
  please do not sue us '' ... 
  watch it for yourself https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pne3cfeehxg and there are more cases like that . 
  people here already discussing giving them shelter in old ww2 bunker ... its just insanity here . 
  they also have cloth restrictions for women because of that . 
  it is still a scandal how fifa did allow this at all . 
  but blatter probably got a lot of money for that . 
  is that why alcohol is forbidden at the world cup in qatar ? 
  but these are not affordable housing places . 
  that is the problem . 
  availability of `` sozialwohnungen '' has dropped in the last 3 years by over 20 % . 
  again who knew . 
  this is why we can not handle more people right now . 
  how is this not common sense by politicians here is just mind blowing . 
  as i said before we should not only close the borders for ourselves but also not to danger more refugees with tents like that . 
  if this shit would not be so sad i would laugh all day about merkel and co. . . 
  there are still refugees who came here last year and still seek a place to live ... 
  back then i lived in a 25k town near bremen and honestly many ofc not all immigrants were like assholes . 
  one even had threaten me with a knige in school . 
  in my sportsclub they were rude and very agressive as well . 
  however i can see why . 
  for example : we had like 2 ghettos with only muslim people and another one with only russians . 
  these areas were fucking scary at night and today i think most non muslims will not walk there anymore . 
  our integration politics have failed the moment we put everyone together . 
  and this will happen here again because there is no other way to tackle the housing issues . 
  yes they are more open then their children but somehow this the second or third generation getting worse and worse with ech generation here and we do not know why . 
  so if we completely seal these children from their parents and their views they will know almost nothing of the koran .
