  higher people of the islam will celebrate such a attack ... 
  here is a great report in german which describes how islam in the school changes the whole environment . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vjjsc970v0 and no i am not panic but i seriously thinking about leaving germany because i do now want my children to live in such a school or world . 
  i really think that you need to read up on radicalsim of the islam and how more and more young people are being radicalized . 
  people who were born in countries like the uk . 
  for example after charlie hebdo . 
  27 % of muslims living in the uk aprroved of these attacks . 
  and it goes even further . 
  we already have to deal with overcrowded classrooms . 
  teacher associations are already talking about the need of over 30k teachers . 
  and no try to put them in classes . 
  it will definitely slow down classes when 30 or even 50 % are not really speaking german or with much lower education . 
  we have already school with an percentage of 80-90 % muslims . 
  and you know what happens in there ? 
  germany children getting threaten and bullied for being german . 
  no just no . 
  we need to stop and the time is now . 
  by the way . 
  yearly costs of over 30 billion euro is impossible to handle without a significiiant tax raise and have fun when this happens . 
  so you want to abandon everything to help ? 
  no sorry no . 
  we need to help yes but not to a way of not running properly anymore . 
  and yes this also includes sports education which by the way is very important in the education sector . 
  and then there is this \u00d6konom sch\u00e4tzt j\u00e4hrliche kosten f\u00fcr fl\u00fcchtlinge auf 45 milliarden euro http://www.focus.de/finanzen/news/staatsverschuldung/drei-jahre-im-system-ifw-oekonom-schaetzt-jaehrliche-kosten-fuer-fluechtlinge-auf-45-milliarden-euro_id_5013493.html others are estimating 30 billion euro a year but none or less these are numbers you can not solve without raising taxes and no this is where it ends and it will end with the population . 
  experts already talking about a tax raise up to 6 % . 
  also do not forget that the ones are staying here are allowed to get their family as well . 
  which also means +3 people for many many refugees . 
  this number is just insane and no we can not handle this at all . 
  i think you are forgetting how integration ended in the 90 . 
  it is terrible we now have two separate cultures in many cities with their own rules and even law systems . 
  it was a total disaster . 
  we have not learned anything of the 1990s . 
  and i guarantee if this goes you will have a terrible future here full of terror and violence and i am not only talking about radical muslims but the other side as well . 
  right wing and nationalism is on the raise in whole of europe and this plays right into their hands . 
  let us take austria for example : the fp\u00d6 gained huge percentages people even thought they would win . 
  the afd is is already by 7 % and so on . 
  helping is fine destroying your country because of it is not . 
  we already have refugees saying do not let anymore in . 
  refugees already saying this . 
  1 . for the weather : http://www.wetteronline.de/wetter/tuerkei we are talking here at the border : which is 30 degrees right now . 
  2 governments already renting out hotel rooms for refugees and hotel owners are totally happy to accept because it means a lot of money . 
  there was one example in the press about a hotel which takes like 35 refugees for 25 per person and night . 
  for a full year that would be 350k . 
  it is a great deal for them . 
  however we should never seize buildings no matter what . 
  yes it is a law but why did we never do it for homeless people living here ? 
  what you are doing with this is playing lower classes against refugees and this will not end well . 
  it is unacceptable in my opinion and sends a very dangerous political message . 
  as for the prison think i read it on welt.de that they are now talking about it . 
  but this is already how many troubles we have ... we need to close the borders , cope with them and in the next year take a specific amount for each year and nothing past that . 
  people who are helping , the police , teachers etc. , already are past their limits and there is not end in sight . 
  we need to stop this or it will get worse each week and month . 
  he was not part of pegida or any other political organisation . 
  he most likely did it because he was unemployed for several years and now have to see how refugees get special treatment . 
  we do not live in russia or china so no !, 
  seizing property is not something that should happen . 
  the government can rent it nothing else . 
  also another family was evicted of their home to make more space for refugees . 
  and this is unacceptable . 
  and for your first . 
  yes there is because there is nothing free anymore . 
  right now we are discussing to shelter people in fucking prisons for gods sake . 
  that is why we need to close the borders . 
  we need time to handle the ones in here . 
  some already waiting for weeks in front of the lageso in berlin to be finally registered . 
  they are waiting there from morning till 8 in the evening day for day . 
  because we can not handle this amount . 
  there is no way to do it and it will get even worse . 
  refugees are not only suing they are using force and threaten people already to get on with it faster . 
  how much more needs to happen to realize that we have no control anymore about all of this . 
  now winter is coming and while its freezing here in turkey its 20-30 degrees . 
  these are the countries that should handle refugees which then will be transferred to any european country who has actually space . 
  refugees should not be able to chose their destination and that is why we need to close our and every other european border . 
  oh yeah one thing i forgot : experts already talking about yearly costs of 30 billion euro for germany alone . 
  which also means tax raises by more than 6 % and when this happens pegida was just the beginning . 
  maybe you should listen to the press conference . 
  he has nothing to do with pegida or any other political group . 
  he probably did it because he was unemployed for several years and now he has to see how refugees get special treatment . 
  that is what i get from the press conference . 
  again this is the problem here what our government is doing . 
  they are playing the lower class against refugees and if you think this will be the last one when this continues than you are pretty naive . 
  we call her kaiserin merkel now because she does not speak for the people anymore . ^ ^, 
  the problem is that even merkel says that they do not know the number . 
  its total chaos, 
  we are not managing it very well it is fucking chaos here regarding registering and everyone is already way past their limits and the situation is getting worse each day . 
  now refugees already has threaten to burn down their tents because it is too cold etc. 
  but there is just no other space anymore . 
  not because they are homosexuals ... jesus i just think they are not the best solution for these children . 
  nothing else . 
  and that they are homosexual has nothing to do with it but rather that they are either 2 men or 2 women . 
  if they would live in a non sexual relationship i would say the same . 
  just like a single parent is not the best solution for children . 
  if you think i am a bigot for an opinion that is different than your than i can not help it . 
  but yes you should also check for racists and other criminal background . 
  and with racist i am talking about real racism not the stuff some people yelling for almost everything they do not like or offended by it . 
  and these parents also should not be able to adopt chldren . 
  again i am pledging for the best possible solution the kind can have . 
  things like : wealth , living conditions , climate in the family , criminal records , disabilities etc. 
  it should be very very strict . 
  this is not a dog pound which you can visit and take one home .
