  as i said before . 
  it will be used against them . 
  no matter how you draw this it has something to do with islam and the climate . 
  you really do not thing that right wing groups or even normal citizen will tie this together ? 
  one group for propaganda and the other ones because they are getting more and more scared of the islam . 
  it will influence the people here and therefore the refugee situation no matter what . 
  this does not yet happen here and people are scared that soon it will especially since turkey is already very close to their lifes . 
  it was a terorrist attack no matter the reason . 
  terrorism = the unofficial or unauthorized use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims . 
  this was 100 % political there should be no doubt about that . 
  because this is money that everyone has to pay and for a cause not everyone agrees with ? 
  we were promised that it will not cost us and now it will ? 
  also this is not to secure european borders this is to help refugees . 
  for many people kohl together with gorbatschow were the main players while uniting east and west germany . 
  he will always be known for that . 
  merkel despite their length of chancellorship has archived almost nothing of importance . 
  not happening . 
  this would be the last straw in this whole mess . 
  politicians can not be that stupid . 
  maybe they can ... 
  but that is the problem . 
  it will go back to the islam . 
  so the situation regarding muslims and refugees will now even get worse since it is even closer to peoples life . 
  it has to be a nationalist group since the freedom rally was organized by the hdp . 
  so who else is left ? 
  he said afterwards . 
  that they can arrest everyone 3 meters after the border so that is the choice they have . 
  either going back or being arrested . 
  this will totally go well . 
  most of them are and even if these were not muslims do you think the right wing really cares ? 
  do you think most of the population will look further than '' a country in which the majority are muslims just experienced another terror attack during a freedom rally '' people are not that smart . 
  it has to do with muslims and that is the biggest problem here or at least this will be used against muslims . 
  yeah this will go really well with the refugee crisis europe is facing . 
  this must really be a great time for the right wing in europe ... we really need to do something and personally i think words will not help anymore . 
  merkel wanted to become the kohl of this generation and failed miserably . 
  no we send them back to austria and austria has to deal with it not germany . 
  again austria letl them pass because they know that they do not want to stay in austria in the first place . 
  but austria and every other country is and hungary is not our neighbor . 
  there is no german/hungarian border . 
  so we have no obligation . 
  i agree but she did not silenced many critics with it . 
  that was my point . 
  i can not talk about all of north germany but only the town i grew up in which is a 25k people town near bremen . 
  we already have filled all gyms with more people they should fit . 
  these are all 5 gyms we have . 
  our `` stadium will also hold tents for refugees . 
  there is no sport classes anymore for a long time and this is honestly not acceptable . 
  so yes this town at least is also far their capacities . 
  we need really need time to deal with the ones we currently have only more will not go well . 
  only solution would be east germany and do you really want to try it in east germany ? 
  this will not end well canada even issued warnings and advice not to travel to east germany because of racism issues . 
  but that is the best we can do right now in germany . 
  we have no space anymore . 
  they already need to sleep in tents for the winter . 
  at least that is what we are preparing right now . 
  we are at our limits and we need time . 
  i am sure germany can take 500k a year at most but this is it for 2015 . 
  it is already troubling enough with more and more violence in these camps because of the current situation . 
  but you have to be hard . 
  empathy is not helping here as cold as it sounds . 
  this is the biggest crisis europe is facing past ww2 and we need to handle this right or we will be facing the consequences years later . 
  that is why politicians are so incompetent . 
  and it makes sense for right wings of other countries to not want quotas because they do not want to deal with it but honestly this is not the right thing to do . 
  we need to handle this but we need these quotas, 
  right but these are the laws . 
  and from greek they should be transferred to every country who has space . 
  that is how it should work in the first place and not `` i want sweden or germany and nothing else . '', 
  like it is now . 
  article 2 says it . 
  they are already safe , they have their human rights and freedom also in austria . 
  so no it does not work . 
  i will say it again . 
  refugees are not entitled to chose their country . 
   this is relevant because it ended and silenced every media outlet or politician who were doubting here before . 
  yeah totally that is why seehofer today threatens merkel , the afd try to sue merkel for trafficking and many other people still spoke out today ? 
  she did not silence anyone . 
  she just lost more support . 
  no then austria will close their borders when it is full and it will go on until there is only the border countries left . 
  we are already fucked and we can not take more anymore . 
  yes it is . 
  since they are already in austria they are safe so they do not need asylum in germany . 
  there is a reason why other countries let all these people pass . 
  because they know that these people do not want to live there anyway . 
  what needs to happen is that they need to be gathered in the first european country and then they get transferred to anywhere is space for them . 
  it explicitly says `` einreist '' which means travels not the actually origin . 
  so yes if you take a plane from syria to germany they can not send you back . 
  if your travel through austria they actually can . 
  refugees are not entitled to chose their favorite country . 
  also to note that cdu/csu does not mean merkel at all . 
  there is a huge resistance in her own group as well . 
  i am pretty sure she will not be the one who is competing for the cdu/csu, 
  oh it will cause violent acts by refugees i am pretty sure about it . 
  but especially these i would not let in . 
  we have already enough to deal with i am sorry but we can not take anyone in . 
  you want to be save welcome to europe . 
  tons of countries here . 
  you want the best ones with sweden and germany ? 
  tough luck try again next year . 
  if i would flee from war i would take any place safe . 
  because it is threatening the independent actionability ( capacity to act ) of the states .
