  you already have to wait for years sometimes if you are not famous and really rich . 
  cancer is something totally different . 
  cancer is something that is endangering survival . 
  and people try to adopt to these by trying to find a cure . 
  again evolution and adopting to survival . 
  you as a human being normally have to live with consequences . 
  what if we were not as `` advanced '' as animals ? 
  can other homosexual animals can adopt children ? 
  we should adapt to situation which means for everyone several advantages and disadvantages . 
  if its between two people who love each other no one ever should say anything against it . 
  if it involves a third person who has nothing to do with it then it is a total different matter in my opinion . 
  also we should never forget that there are lists and even parents if they are not famous have to wait sometimes years for an approval . 
  it is not like you can go to a dog pound and take one home with you . 
  and from this list you always should chose the best possible solution and in my opinion this includes a mother and a father . 
  yes . 
  they also should not be allowed to . 
  ( not the race part ) as i said adoption for me is something that should be very strict which also includes no criminal records etc. 
  and for the biological part : just like many animals every animal fulfills a very important role . 
  almost nothing has not a reason . 
  fertility and raising of these children is not an exception . 
  and yes homosexuality exist even between animals but these animals also do not get children because of reasons and not because of society , religion or other social constructs . 
  these re getting raised and adopt based on evolution to survive . 
  if something does not fit their survival they will overcome it even their looks and dna will change . 
  that is how life works and i think we should not play with this . 
  where they came from ? 
  if you are so entitled to demands things you are not in danger . 
  i never said they are horrible parents . 
  i said that this could a a huge reason for bullying and that children should not suffer because of it . 
  also i said that i believe for biological and evolutionary reasons that the best possible way is father and mother . 
  i am also not someone who can influence this . 
  this is just my opinion nothing else . 
  so no i am not denying people anything . 
  and al this is based on my experience and the idea that these children who mostly already went through a lot should get the best possible solution available . 
  which also means a certain amount of finances life standard etc. 
  but should we really face them for the cost of the bullied child ? 
  adults should fight for their rights all they want but not of the cost of innocent children . 
  at least in my opinion since i was bullied a lot back in my school days . 
  i know how fucking hard it is to not even want to go to school because you are scared something might happen to you . 
  keep it classy germany . 
  so how many scandals did germany now had this year ? 
  we should be get in the guinness book of records ^ ^, 
  but i was told so many times by some `` nuts '' ideology that black people can not be racist ... 
  jews are also no race still it is called racism what happened with them . 
  at least in germany . 
  single parents should not be able to adopt children yes . 
  if you have your own baby that is something you should not interfere with as long the baby is not in danger . 
  but adoption should have different restrictions . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  as for the other point . 
  men and women are differently because of biology and evolution . 
  just like any other animal they fulfill roles which are important . 
  and they do it if they want it or not . 
  these roles are not forced by patriarchy or other systems created by mankind but by nature itself . 
  seriously why prince ? 
  prince should always be a titel and nothing else . 
  finally but i am also a bit torn because of the full adoption right . 
  while i agree that everyone should be able to marry the person they love , the moment you ad someone else to it and especially children i just can not agree with it anymore . 
  while yes they would love the child properly as much as a father and mother would i still believe that these children should get the best they can get and that includes a father and a mother . 
  also children are terrible honest and monsters and i fear some might get bullied for having either 2 father or 2 mothers . 
  in schools these days you an get bullied for wearing the wrong clothes and now imagine you have a gay couple as parents ... 
  yeah am sorry but if you are refusing such a country you are not seeking asylum . 
  go and deport them . 
  no they are atual burning books they do not like . 
  just search modern book burnings and you find an image which back then was celebrated by modern feminists . 
  just to show one example . 
  a bullet from the sky is especially dangerous because it becomes basically a head shot . 
  and as it said he was `` wounded '' and then died later . 
  but yes it has less energy but can still be lethal . 
  i live in germany you can not buy such a book here . 
  at least until now . 
  ^ ^ and i do want to read the version they will publish next year because it gives context and analysis about the person , his intention etc. 
  i totally agree that it would be probably petty boring without these . 
  this is what you call ricochet though . 
  but people really should know better not to fire in the air ... 
  especially this version since it gives over 3000 comments and analysis about the written text . 
  it has doubled the pages because of it . 
  i would have been very interested to read this in school . 
  how do you know he has not shot in the air in this case as well ? 
  because this is what will happen if you shot in the sky . 
  the bullet will fall down if you want it or not the questions where . 
  radical feminists already doing this . 
  especially these kind of versions should be used for history classes . 
  it has a lot of analysis of the person and his character . 
  honestly i am really interested to read this one . 
  this is the worst thing you can do . 
  you never should shot in the air because than it really can kill randomly people . 
  you shot in the ground . 
  as i said . 
  they are free to go but without any form of support or help and then try to do that you will not come far . 
  and if you leave the country you are transfered to you will also automatically lose the support as well . 
  people come o germany or sweden because they were promised of a rich dream land and awesome welfare systems . 
  if you have no access to it they will not go . 
  that is the only way to fight this . 
  if they are not from war zones they have no reason to be here right now . 
  they are just wasting the resources for people who really need help . 
  i honestly doubt that you have access to school and health care . 
  if you have you also need to abolish this . 
  emergency yes but that also means you are getting deported afterwards . 
  reddidt is the worst in this regard anyway no matter what . 
  up and down votes will always be used to censor any opinion you do not agree with .
