  because they are rebels and rebels are also by definition terrorists . 
  but to be real honest here everyone who goes after isis in a eradicate way of things has my support . 
  what they are doing is genocide and not much different than what hitler did . 
  i would even argue that this is worse . 
  do they really ? 
  so far they do to call the same groups terrorist there which we call terrorists . 
  i am not a big fan of russia and the stuff that happens in ukraine is really terrible but in this case alone i am supporting russia because they at least do something about it . 
  how is this a strawmen ? 
  it is a serious problem these days especially at universities ... 
  these kind of people call everything by these kind of words that do not agree with them . 
  and they also do not tolerate different opinions and try to censor them . 
  it is a sad fact we have to endure as long as its going to last . 
  we already have this in germany with muslims because our integration politic back then has massively failed . 
  we build houses and put them all together . 
  they established this own culture there including their own laws . 
  some classes in germany already have a percentage of 90 % muslims and these classes are big problems for anyone who is not muslim . 
  and now we are doing basically the same all over again ... 
  i am sorry but i can not tolerant to someone who calls half of the politicians and population of my country racist just because they criticize the decision merkel made . 
  he has never thought about any consequences we now facing . 
  over crowded classrooms . 
  huge impact on the job and housing market , bad conditions to shelter these people which by the way are also the cause for these brawls and criminal acts like rape which happen in there and so on . 
  all he thinks about is how we need to help bla bla bla and everyone who is against it is a racist , sexist etc. 
  this is what gutmenschentum is and it is very naive which only functions in some rainbow colored utopia . 
  yeah or the vw thing which she has known as well . 
  she is a bad kanzler . 
  everything she tries on her own she fails miserably . 
  look at greek too . 
  we have kind of bigger problems right now . 
  as cruel as this sounds . 
  in germany for example it is all about refugees and vw . 
  but they still stay here for a while . 
  as far as i know you can stay here up to 6 month if they declined your asylum . 
  you can appeal as well . 
  and we really need to change that . 
  the moment they got the not they need to be deported to make space for new ones . 
  we already have these problems when the majority of muslim children born in germany still think you can hit women and that they are their property you know our integration politics failed already . 
  yes in a year . 
  but not in one month and that is what we are dealing with right now . 
  i think you really need to look up what these words actually mean . 
  your `` gutmenschentum '' is the worst offence in history and even more it is dangerous for everyone who has not the same opinion as you . 
  learn to be tolerate and do not call everything words you have no clue about . 
  that comes from a fellow german . 
  thank you, 
  this is such a disaster on so many levels . 
  we in germany were never great with integration we have a huge subcultures even with their own laws and standards . 
  we have classes with a huge percentages of muslims already . 
  germans are in the minority in some regions . 
  and with them our morals and standards . 
  this is a really dangerous situation since it will also raise a lot of right wing groups . 
  every negative news of mass brawls . 
  people getting thrown out of their houses etc will feed these groups more and more . 
  honestly if i had a choice i would rather move out of my own country . 
  germany needs to react fast and very strict . 
  no tolerance against anything that is against our constitution and laws . 
  who breaks these needs to be deported immediately . 
  no excuses no no appeal of 6 month nothing . 
  she already made tons on mistake . 
  and this will cost her the postion in 2016 for sure . 
  she is getting already heavily criticized by her own people . 
  with her invitation she probably caused the biggest european crisis after ww2 history . 
  first of all . 
  no they are not women . 
  there is no majority stop thinking in these kind of terms . 
  secondly i do not visit mra sites i do not even know what theredpill for a site is . 
  i know this red pill stuff from matrix but that 's it . 
  thirdly : this does not come from an anti feminism site . 
  this comes from the police in rostock and it is coming from a women called britta rabe who is researching this with three other police women since 2007 . 
  there is no political agenda behind it . 
  http://www.ostsee-zeitung.de/region-rostock/rostock/acht-von-zehn-vergewaltigungen-sind-vorgetaeuscht ( it is german only because rostock is a german city . 
  so i apologize for that ... ) and you say you do not believe this rape propaganda but you totally believe the 1 out of 5 number ? 
  how does this even make sense ? 
  again this would be higher than in african war zones . 
  also i never said rape does not happen . 
  yes it happens and it happens way too much . 
  in fact every rape crime is one too many . 
  but these numbers are just ridiculous ... 
  they scare women and women should not be scared . 
  and lastly there is a huge difference between feminism and modern/radical or also called tumblr feminism . 
  this kind of feminism is as extreme as mra and its dangerous for our society . 
  for example : i believe emma watson is a great representative of feminism . 
  this is the feminism that it was before it was poisoned by radicals . 
  i know i can not change your mind at all but all i want you to do is think outside your echo chamber . 
  be skeptic do not believe everything modern feminism is telling you . 
  be skeptic of rape accusations . 
  do not think that he is guilty just because he is a man . 
  wait till you have evidence . 
  be rational do not try to lynch this person . 
  be rational be fair . 
  being accused of rape is a life destroyer if you did it or not and we as society need to make clear that this is not acceptable . 
  first of all you should not be scared of modern feminism tries to tell you . 
  their tactic is to scare and they do not care if they lie or not . 
  see the 1 out of 5 women myth and lie they are spreading . 
  and no i am not saying that strange men can not hurt you . 
  but it is not the right way to actually be scared of men because of these myths . 
  that is the problem men are not your enemies they are people like you and me and in between there are bad people no matter the gender . 
  for example when i was a kid i was sexual abused by my cousin ( a women ) but i do not hate or am scared of women because of it . 
  you need to stop generalizing . 
  there are tons of bad people in this world and they are not only men not even the majority are men . 
  another example : domestic abuse figures are almost even . 
  men are as much victims these days as women are .
