  the worker argument is ridiculous . 
  given our regulations and licences . 
  they can be happy to be able to drive some forklifts in the beginning . 
  they need real education and according to experts . 
  less than 10 % are even qualified to be able to find work . 
  doctors ? 
  no not before some serious studying and education . 
  not like this . 
  the problem that exist in germany is due to the uncontrolled refugee situation and this will only get worse as soon as these people start to seeking for places to live . 
  with such a huge amount there is only one option . 
  to build more and more houses which again brings them all together like in a ghetto . 
  germany did the same mistake in the 80s and 90s and the result were communities which its own hidden law system and culture . 
  how should i even answer this ? 
  most people in germany were against this as well . 
  bu sadly no one has listen to concerns and warnings . 
  because everyone who did was called a nazi and racist . 
  gr\u00fcne and linke still doing this shit . 
  so instead they are saying all men are like that no matter their origin which is even more disgusting . 
  so what it comes now down to are the new elections in 2017 . 
  this is the only time we have some kind of power and i really hope people use this right . 
  still i do not think afd is the right way to go as i do not want to end like poland . 
  i do not believe german media . 
  but i believe they are not controlled . 
  our media is controlled by political correctness and honestly this is much worse than government can do . 
  because political correctness means for people to be on the `` right '' side so you can not even argue about it since you are getting shut down by being called , sexist , racist , nazi etc. 
  look i do not like to play `` which is worse '' to me both are bad . 
  i am not ony any side but i state my own opinion nothing else . 
  lol what tantrum ? 
  and what have i destroyed ? 
  it is not like the polish people actually want these kind of government anyway . 
  why do you think there are so many protests right now ? 
  besides on of my friends is also comes from poland and she thinks the same . 
  oh and i am just a single person i have not even power to destroy good polish-german realtions ^ ^, 
  i am sorry but media should never be controlled my the government . 
  in germany we have another situation . 
  in my country the media is not controlled by the government but rather they are already very leftist media . 
  they try to push their political agenda and this is as bad as if the media controls it . 
  really ? 
  for example take a look at their new media law . 
  it is disgusting what they are doing at the moment . 
  as someone said for example : erdogan or whats going on now in poland . 
  it is disgusting and should not be ignored . 
  both radical sides are bad because they do not accept other opinions than their own . 
  i think you need to take a very close look to politicans and especially universities . 
  in germany for example the moment you are a but negative about this whole situation you are automatically a nazi to the left wings politicans . 
  gr\u00fcne and linke rather make every men a rapist than talk about the actual problem so they will not look `` racist '' . 
  universities have banned several speeches and lectures because some babies feel uncomfortable talking about important issues . 
  everything against a minority will be defended by radical leftwing mobs including death and rape threats . 
  this whole disaster in germany is thanks to this so called political correctness . 
  the police tried to cover it up because it were refugees . 
  and yes erdogan also tries to censor his country but on the normal level there is nothing more worse than leftwing radicals . 
  we are not living in a muslim country . 
  at least not yet . 
  so we should not cope to the things at all . 
  if you are not happy with how bad luck . 
  whats next ? 
  muslims can stop working and pray like 10 times a day ? 
  it is really sad to see that the biggest threat to our freedom of speech is coming more and more from the left wing side . 
  that is also the reason why europe right now experience such a huge right wing backlash . 
  people are getting really tired of it . 
  sad thing we are again responsible for the fall of europe . 
  ww1 , ww2 , and now the european union ... 
  nope . 
  in germany wer alrady have islam classes . 
  and they are totally separate from the other school classes . 
  they have some islamic priest who speaks arabian and was `` provided '' by some higher islamic organisation . 
  otherwise islamic people will not accept any classes . 
  and this is the worst thing . . we are sooo fucked ... 
  these are not german ^ ^ but seriously has something happened there too ? 
  never heard of it until now . 
  because i do not want to end like poland . 
  not really . 
  she is out in 2017 anyway . 
  question is how much will right wing parties gain . 
  she only has 1 year left . 
  sadly it will not happen . 
  bu i really fear for the next elections . 
  afd will surely be in with a huge gain, 
  merkel will survive . 
  there is no way she will resign or forced to resign . 
  sadly ... 
  which is sad . 
  even in history class and ww2 we always had discussions and free thinking . 
  this is how school should work in the first place . 
  give kids the tools to think for themselves . 
  but that is not how islam classes work . 
  they will be forced to remember and quote stuff but nothing else . 
  there is no questioning like we had in our classes . 
  personally i think we do not need religion . 
  but more something like werte and normen people in my age had instead of religion . 
  have i missed a city ? 
  and merkel is still on we can do it ... no we can not keep up anymore . 
  we are already failing dramatically and the world watches us fail ... 
  if you can read german http://www.welt.de/vermischtes/article150702449/vorgaenge-in-koeln-kein-auswuchs-spezieller-kultur.html, 
  all media did almost nothing until 4 days later when the social media outrage became too big to ignore . 
  if someone attacks a refugee center you will almost get live tickers from them . 
  also zdf is now trying to push the `` the origin '' does not matter but the gender does '' excuse . 
  we have a serious problem and fear not to be called racist and its embarrassing . 
  lets not be racist lets just be sexist . 
  no one cares about sexism against men,
