  personally i think the islam is still one of the most `` evil '' major religions in this world and we really need to change this somehow . 
  welcome back to germany ? ^ ^, 
  because many of the ones already living here did also not adapt . 
  they should not be able to chose your country . 
  many of them are not even war refugees and that is the biggest problem germany is facing right now . 
  if people were honest and not full of greed than maybe it would have not gotten so far to begin with . 
  we already had statistics in which was stated that 50 % are not from war zones but rather economical refugees . 
  i am sorry but these kind of traditional parents are the biggest reason why immigration in germany does not work . 
  even the children born here have not changed their views regarding women for example . 
  why ? 
  because they get the shit beaten out of them if they do not follow the traditions . 
  and that goes for boys as well as girls . 
  yeah imagine many of these 18 million actually wish death to the western world , hit women , treat homosexuals as monster and so on . 
  also america has no welfare system as well . 
  i am sorry to says this but i rather would take 18 million mexicans than these kind of refugees . 
  so lets make a deal we get these 18 million people and you get lets say 10 million syrians ok ? 
  yes but if you follow german media they always try to justify it with these `` advantages '' . 
  another reason why people get more and more upset here . 
  like i care they are not getting into germany so what can they do ? 
  xd but seriously it is a huge problem that they are still under the influence of these kind of parents . 
  that way tradition carries on ... 
  that is why i was talking about taking the children in and not their parents that way you can still save them . 
  as long these children are under influence of their traditional parents nothing will change . 
  and this is the problem . 
  they will not adapt . 
  honestly i do not even care if they are smart or not . 
  they need help so yes . 
  but i rather want to save all the little children and actually educate them without their parents influence . 
  who knew ... 
  seriously what did people expect here ? 
  all these so called advantages are so naive and stupid . 
  no there are no advantages with such kind of immigration no matter how hard you try to lie ... 
  the problem is that refugees can chose their destination . 
  i am sorry but this is not feasible . 
  the moment you can no longer chose your destination it will also stop a large amount of economical refugees . 
  the problem is that they are showing it is working and this will cause other people to do it as well . 
  this is basically saying we are scared and letting terrorism win . 
  it is a very bad message to send out . 
  especially when there is so much time the police or special forces should do everything to track this person . 
  when you for example make a threat for an airport , you will see max 2 hours later police force on your door . 
  why is that not possible here ? 
  also let us not forget that these people also bring their family so when we add +3 to every refugee than it would be over 4 million already . 
  this number is insane ... we are so fucked ... 
  why ? 
  the concept is pretty normal but there is a difference between being a economical refugee or move to another country . 
  germany a continent ? 
  what ? 
  oh of course it is why more complicated . 
  one reason i personally see with america is that the police in this country has no authority at all anymore . 
  everything is being questioned . 
  i can see daily recorded videos of people not even showing ids etc. 
  the police in america has no respect at all . 
  they have lost their position as authority figure . 
  this is not really the case in europe or at least in germany where i live . 
  we respect the authority of the police here . 
  we have respect of our laws for the most part and we especially do not fight the police . 
  in the south of europe things like honor play still a huge role . 
  people kill other people for their honor this is not the case with europeans . 
  yes there are honor killings here but they are all executed by people from the south as bad as it sounds . 
  ut if you have time you really should watch it . 
  the whole series is really good in general . 
  it has many various topics like gender , violence , race and so on . 
  because of these kind of stats we changed quite a bit we even have a own institution who is dealing will illegal work . 
  they are a special `` division '' of our toll employees . 
  i will not say it does not happen but its much harder for an illegal immigrant to work here . 
  as company you are done if you get caught and many do not even want to risk it anymore . 
  as for taxes : this is a whole different topic my bet is that the majority of people these screwing these offices quite a bit . 
  this has nothing to do with racism and honestly i am getting tired of this . 
  actually it kind of is . 
  in fact we humans in our nature are very violent beings but through laws and many restrictions in the west we suppressed this behavior by a lot . 
  the more you go south from europe you will see a whole different mentality regarding honor and violence and that is because these countries have in their mind not advanced to be a more peaceful folk . 
  there are some really good documentaries out there regarding this topic . 
  one of them is brainwashed a multi part series . 
  one episode is all about violence which explains this . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpxqfyxddz4&amp;index=4&amp;list=pld9_g7laicxtlgbxh4_z8ik178o8cdpnv so yes it has something to do with their culture . 
  no when there is no way for you to get a job , a place to live or even food . 
  you will not care about that at all . 
  you try to survive and that means by any means . 
  so if you have a family the women will probably forced into sexwork . 
  you will probably try to find work and since you can not find anything you will tend for even being a beggar or stuff like selling drugs etc. 
  europe and us work very differently . 
  for example we have also tons of controls for illegal work so the chances to get caught by it are pretty good in the city . 
  no it is quite the opposite . 
  you can not even work legally in the first place . 
  so yes you will be working for a very low wage if even or become a beggar and criminal . 
  there is no way out of it . 
  so yes it will become a huge problem . 
  also let us not forget about a place to live . 
  this could leave into forced sex work for women and even children . 
  we have this raise all over europe since a few years because of the incompetence of the politicians and this crisis is really accelerate it . 
  100k of pegida would be a disaster . 
  yeah ... never ever let this turkey in the eu ... 
  then it is more likely a muslim terror group . 
  i doubt its erdogan . 
  but man pkk radical left is scary . 
  makes me wonder what die linken will become when his chef gysi already supported burning cars and radicalism during the frankfurt riot ... 
  as far as i know pkk is mulsim right ? 
  so hdp stands for a lot traditional muslims despise . 
  your origin does not matter in most parts . 
  it is your stand to the religion what matters .
