  we need to cope and that also means to close the borders . 
  furthermore i think it is ridiculous that refugees can chose their destination . 
  this should have never happened . 
  that is why we need eu controlled camp in turkey and greece to register them and then transfer the people who are really war refugees to a country which currently has space . 
  the fact that they can basically chose their destination just bought us this whole mess . 
  just take this for example . 
  i do not walk with them and never will but i also do not generalize 25k people because 1000 of them are nazis . 
  we neither . 
  it is pure insanity regarding german politicians . 
  the left wing even wants no quotas , no restrictions etc. 
  even with people already living in very inhuman like conditions , freezing almost to death etc because we can not cope with all of them at once . 
  i wonder what will happen when children suddenly die in these tents because of the cold . 
  newest polls show that the majority of germans do not agree with merkels politics and no we never voted for such an incompetence merkel and such a drastic shift regarding her politics . 
  also 4/5 people already want to close the borders . 
  how much more reception do you need ? 
  we seriously need a volksentscheid then we can see what germany really wants . 
  i think the better question is if you think merkel is and that answer is yes . 
  again according to german newspapers and media this is one of erdogans demands . 
  how about a eu controlled refugee camps which registers the refugees and then transfers them to any eu country which has space ? 
  this will also get rid of economical refugees . 
  to make things even worse ? 
  lol dream on . 
  if she is doing that than she will be out of hr position in less than 2 months . 
  because this is one of the demands erdogan gave merkel . 
  and merkel makes a deal with the devil and now a country like turkey which treats human rights like shit is becoming a member of the eu . 
  congratulations for you incompetence merkel ... 
  because she is kaiserin merkel of europe ? 
  then show me any other way to fight against the bullshit that is happening here right now . 
  people are scared and worried and in their fear and the incompetence of merkel and co this is their way to show it . 
  i am sorry but i blame the re raise of pegida to merkel and co alone . 
  again i agree that the main fraction and the loudest ones are nazis but the majority are not . 
  what we need is another movement that listens to the worries of the people than i am sure much more will join until this is also get labeled as extreme and nazi like which the press often does . 
  its in the article that was posted . 
  and yes i agree charlie was also very very critical about christianity but at that time and now islam is the much much bigger thing to worry or to use because there is something about islam every day now in the media ^ ^, 
  i do not think that they will have no light that would be totally stupid . 
  for perfect protection you need light so you can see people trying to enter on a much longer range . 
  more like 20-25k but yeah they are still very small because they have so many radicals and extremists in there as well . 
  when you march with pegida because you are scared and do not approve of our current leader and her politics you will be automatically labeled as a nazi . 
  so basically these are the ones that are really upset right now but they will get more and more when this goes on . 
  no because religion and government are separate unlike with islamic states for example . 
  therefore there is no religious influence in germany . 
  you can argue that our laws are based on christian believes like you should not steal or murder people but i will argue that it is because we are civilized human beings . 
  none . 
  i live by my own morals and standards . 
  i have never ever read the bible and only did the whole confirmation thing as a teenager to get a lot of money from my relatives xd, 
   besides , the idea that charlie hebdo was obsessed with islam has also long been refuted . 
  between 2005 and 2015 , religion has only occupied 7 percent of the weekly 's front page , with christianity mocked three times more often than islam . 
  maybe because the islam is a huge problem and deserve it way more than christianity ? 
  you will not stop them if it does n't kill them . 
  also humans should be way smarter than animals to know that this will fucking hurt . 
  the worst thing here that these girls were forced and it did not happen by love in any way . 
  that is what pisses me of the most . 
  nope . 
  not only does it not say that the only punishment for leaving the religion is death but also it says this here . 
   matthew 10:34 -- 36 describes jesus telling the disciples that he came not to bring peace to the world , but a sword . 
  jesus ' sword was never a literal one . 
  in fact , when peter took up a sword to defend jesus in the garden of gethsemane , jesus rebuked him and told him to put away his sword , `` for all who draw the sword will die by the sword '' ( matthew 26:52 ) . 
  why then , did jesus say , `` do not suppose that i have come to bring peace to the earth . 
  i did not come to bring peace , but a sword . '' what kind of sword did jesus come to bring ? 
  ...  in matthew 10:34 -- 36 , jesus said he had come at this time not to bring peace to the earth , but a sword , a weapon which divides and severs . 
  as a result of his visit to the earth , some children would be set against parents and a man 's enemies might be those within his own household . 
  this is because many who choose to follow christ are hated by their family members . 
  this may be part of the cost of discipleship , for love of family should not be greater than love for the lord . 
  a true disciple must take up his cross and follow jesus ( matthew 16:24 ) . 
  he must be willing to face not only family hatred , but also death , like a criminal carrying his cross to his own execution . 
  true followers of christ must be willing to give up , even to the point of `` hating '' all that is in our lives , even our own families , if we are to be worthy of him ( matthew 10:37 -- 39 ) . 
  in so doing , we find our lives in return for having given them up to jesus christ . 
  http://www.gotquestions.org/jesus-sword.html this took me like 1 minute to find as someone who does not believe in god ^ ^ also note : this is the complete opposite message . 
  it basically tells you that you will die by sword if you actually try to defend christianity with a weapon . 
  yeah and then they will be arrested etc. 
  i do not really care about this to be honest . 
  they can try but will fail . 
  i am more worried about the raise of islam in places like schools and city areas which will change these places drastically . 
  lol this is ridiculous, 
  yeah also if you do not want to be muslim anymore the punishment for it is death . 
  totally like christian belief ^ ^, 
  same as uk . 
  these years will be fun ... 
  i as a german can confirm that bielefeld does not exist . 
  it is on the same conspiracy level as when america fooled everyone with the moon landing ... like that is even possible. , . . 
  no they are not ... last polls and surveys have shown that more than the half do not support her politic anymore . 
  it has increased on the left side . 
  spd even said they wanted to give merkel asylum in the spd because she is facing so much backlash . 
  but over all in our country she already has lost a lot of support and if this goes on she will not survive the next year in her position . 
  first of all i personally think it is the norm in europe but not in the us . 
  for example a few month ago was such a case in the media . 
  here a 18 year old had sex with a 15 year old which even lied to be 18 . 
  when this was public the judge gave him 25 years on the sexoffender list , he could not use the internet and phones for 5 years which also meant that he had to move out of his parents home as well . 
  the parents of the girl did not even wanted him to be persecuted as well the girl . 
  luckily after a huge amount of outrage and backlash months later he was cleared from the list and any other charges . 
  but these cases are not even rare . 
  us laws are just ridiculous in these cases to be honest . 
  as for your last question . 
  here it becomes more serious of course . 
  in my school there was a 16 year old girl who dated a 37 year old but without knowing of the parents . 
  but they still loved each other and she was way more mature for her age as well . 
  i guess these special cases always depend on the individual cases in my opinion . 
  when you invite the boyfriend or girlfriend you should be able to see how the person is and if you do not like it you can still try to talk with your child . 
  but saying no will not really help . 
  quite the opposite in fact they are teenagers after all and who was listening to their parents ?
