  this time it is a real article with a small video of his press conference on the site . 
  i apologize for the other link . 
  there is nothing wrong here . 
  he was talking about violence and criminal act in his speech i was listening to . 
  i think you need to listen to his newest speech just today . 
  i guess you understand german ? 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article147418240/bayern-droht-merkel-mit-verfassungsklage.html and yes there are also people like that but there are also people who got thrown out of their houses because they want to build refugee homes there . 
  because germany is not russia who just confiscate property . 
  the ones available are not affordable for most of these people . 
  that is what munich is now doing send them back . 
  seehofer just announced this . 
  they even have threaten merkel with a complaint of unconstitutionality . 
  they will close their borders . 
  and yes homeless people get financial support even when they are homeless but they do not get support for finding a living space which refugees do . 
  they do not a lot of other help and support refugees get . 
  so do not play this card that they are just lazy . 
  this was just announced at a press conference . 
  munich a free state wants to limit the number of coming refugees because they are at their limit and getting more and more concerned regarding violence and criminal acts . 
  i am sorry but i can and will not force opinions on people they just do not have as long they do not hurt anyone . 
  again this should be a free country and if you think homosexuality is `` evil '' which would be stupid in my opinion but it is not mine than you should have the right to think like that . 
  this ends when you actually want to threaten or hurt or discriminate people because of it . 
  people can have totally different opinions and views and still coexist . 
  i know it is crazy but believe me it works . 
  schengen is such a joke . 
  instead to stop the ones who will never get asylum already there we bring them to germany so they can stay there for free for 6 months ... talk about incompetence ... 
  yes they do . 
  first of you are getting paid , secondly he totally knew they were refugees as well . 
  even though authorities have warned people to do it . 
  even there you have a huge difference . 
  when you are homosexual you still wont be killed . 
  i honestly do not mind people who are against homosexuality . 
  i am not against homosexuality or marriage but i am against adoption for various reasons . 
  it is an free opinion after all . 
  however when you are trying to threaten and kill them because of it then you need either go to jail or if you are not german be deported . 
  the problem are not refugees the problem is the huge amount in such a short time which will have huge consequences on our daily life . 
  for example we already have in many parts over crowded class rooms and universities . 
  the education level is more and more falling because of it . 
  now we are already talking about 300k more children that need to go to school . 
  the teacher association already asked or 25k more teachers . 
  another problem is the housing market . 
  yes we have a lot of free houses but these are not on the price level many can afford . 
  so in this space we also need a huge increase . 
  now refugees and the poor society of germany are now in constant competition for housing , jobs etc. 
  rich people like merkel will not see much difference but the poor will feel it first . 
  i do not even know how it must already feel for the many homeless people here who always needed support and never got one . 
  and suddenly people who never lived in this country , people who until now never worked here are becoming so much more support then they did . 
  honestly i would be pissed . 
  and then there is the huge issue of the islam . 
  there is no way to actually shove this aside . 
  it is a total different culture and it is not a good one for the most part . 
  for example when 25 % of muslims living in the uk had sympathy for the terrorists who killed charlie hebdo . 
  when muslim children who were born here in germany try to justify the actions that happened then we have a huge problem we can not ignore . 
  no matter if we are called nazi which by the way is always the point we cover in fear . 
  i have nothing against progressive and modern muslims but i have huge problems who still treat women like property , who marry their daughters to people they do not even know , who would threaten homosexuals and call people with a different religion filthy . 
   forty per cent of muslims between the ages of 16 and 24 said they would prefer to live under sharia law in britain , a legal system based on the teachings of the koran . 
  the figure among over-55s , in contrast , was only 17 per cent . 
  dont you think that this is a prolem ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html these are the ones germany should never accept . 
  the other ones who are actually seeking help from war and not economical help are welcome . 
  gauck said our space is limited and evidence for that is that these refugees already have to sleep in fucking tents even with winter coming . 
  we are at our limit at least for this year as cold as this sounds but we need time to deal with the current ones here . 
  next year we can open again . 
  \u00b4 i see no problem with 500k per year to be honest as long they are very carefully checked but that really should be our limit . 
  more is just not possible and also it would not be fair to the people who actually need help . 
  yes and many of them did not integrate well because of our integration politics . 
  yes but they are almost the same in the eu at least the articles about equality and freedom . 
  there is a reason why turkey is not in the eu . 
  harmful religion is bad no matter how you see it . 
  and justifying hitting a women or fight everyone who is not part of your big god is harmful to the society . 
  and people who think like this which by the way a lot of muslims do and this is not some racist bullshit , should never be allowed to live in europe . 
  sadly we can not do this to germans living in germany because if we could i would totally do the same with them but we can take care of the ones who want to live here . 
  you want to live here ? 
  welcome as long your god 's laws do not stand above our laws and constitution . 
  you want to treat women , homosexuals or people of another believe like dirt ? 
  not in europe . 
  religious freedom goes as far as it does not violate your laws and constitution . 
  if it does not , do what ever you want with your religion . 
  we already have these integration problems because of terrible integration politics and the result are muslims like i showed you . 
  this is not a secret here anymore . 
  the islam effect https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm honestly we do not need these kind of people anymore and that is why we need strict controls . 
  everyone who is against our laws and constitution should have no place in germany . 
  in terms of prejudices yes you should believe it or not . 
  no i am not . 
  i am honest i studied history and history should never used like this . 
  history is a tool to analyze , to explain and not to guilt and shame people . 
  you have again no idea what you are talking about . 
  honestly you should take a child as role model . 
  they do not care if you are black , they do not care if you are muslim and they do not care if you are disabled or not they do not care about the history of your group they only see the person in front of you nothing else matters . 
  for people like you you have prejudices , you think about how disabled people need to be pitied which they do not even want . 
  you see the `` historical '' oppression of their ancestors and try to built some strange connection to them just to feign sympathy . 
  you are probably one of these people who tell people to check their privilege on the internet even you have no idea who these people are . 
  you will rather believe a minority than believe the other side . 
  when one women shouts rape you will believe her instead of asking questions first and so on . 
  you are something we call in germany a gutmensch nothing else . 
  you think you are progressive but you are not . 
  yeah the ones causing trouble are these kind of muslims and they will be treated as scapegoat ? 
  really ? 
  no just no . 
  we are far from any nazi like situation and even a financial crisis will not change this . 
  however what we need to make perfectly clear is to make clear to all these people who think they can do this here are wrong .
