  as i said before in christian religion we have no problem with child brides . 
  we have no problem with the oppression of women and so on . 
  are there problems ? 
  yes of course but not in this percentage . 
  but it is already far more than feminism normal does for men . 
  i would not say that . 
  teams are build upon stars especially in korea . 
  they are true celebrities there . 
  just like basically any other sport you have to be hydrated all the time . 
  these people train 8-12 hours a day . 
  they need to have great hand to eye coordination , reflexes and often learn to play in teams . 
  calling e sports not real sports is like saying twitch streamer should get a real job even when they are working more hours than other people do . 
  sounds a lot like f1 and the fia to be honest . 
  i think it is great to finally call e sports real sports because the stuff people do to train is physical exhausting as well . 
  i always cringe when people try to make other people believe that this is no real sport . 
  but it is not anymore and that is the problem . 
  look how emma watson got insulted and called betrayer of her gender by so called feminists because she wanted to include men . 
  look how feminists call egalitarianism an mra movement and so on . 
  this is bullshit ... 
  if men are actually try to talk about problems they get shut down by modern feminists for it . 
  for example if you want to include deomestic violence against men which by they way is on the same level as against women , then you automatically get shut down by them by calling you an mra because you do try to play down the problems women face . 
  try to establish a shelter for abused man which by they way not only rare but you need a miracle to find one and you get reactions like this . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oojiap7syu4 if you try to say something you will be called a manchild by so called feminists and so on . 
  modern feminism is dangerously toxic not only for men but for everyone on this planet . 
  this is really sad to be honest . 
  now you can not even die in dignity anymore . 
  this makes it impossible for medical personal to help people to die ... 
  i wish germany would look at belgium in this matter ... 
  who knew germany already went back . 
  syrians still have normal protection status . 
  it is not only waste of time but especially money we then have to pay due to raising taxes etc. 
  or look how maziere said with a straight face that we need to lower our education standard for a while for the better integration of refugees . 
  our education level is already pretty low due to to few and good teachers , budge cuts and overcrowded classrooms and universities . 
  this whole thing was such a mess from the beginning and waking up from it will cost us much more than anyone thought it would . 
  we should have stopped merkel after her speech telling her that this is insane and ridiculous but people went with it and wanted to celebrate what great human beings we germans are ... 
  in the end it showed exactly how our politicians are . 
  totally incompetent and full of hypocrisy . 
  the world sees now exactly the germany how it is right now ... 
  of course there are but the bad treatment of women and children in muslim countries based on their religion is not something you should ignore . 
  they have a whole different level of understanding . 
  that is why there are child brides , this is why women are treated like property etc. 
  no they do not but there is a huge cultural difference in treating women and children in general here . 
  and you never should ignore this or talk lightly about it . 
  and no overfilled camps are not a reasonable excuse for child prostitution , rape and other sexual crimes in there . 
  satire always have some dark humor in it . 
  and yu always can be offended by it but calling for censorship like that is not ok no matter what . 
  it is not only not clever it also shows that there is some truth in it . 
  because she is incompetent and erdogan is one of her hopes to reduce the flood of refugees . 
  she makes a deal with the devil ... 
  yeah i am the same in this regard . 
  i was really disappointing that erdogan got so many votes in this election . 
  it is like people there even want it to be ... 
  that borders wok as intended is shown by hungary . 
  however what we need to do is to fight is and co. 
  there is no other way than a war against terrorism and everyone needs to be part of it . 
  and yes people in every country will die but this is the price we have to pay to make the world a better place . 
  hey its only development aid . 
  germany wants to lower our education standards on every school and workplace to better integrate refugees ... and yes this is not a joke ... 
  that is what happens when you government follows religious laws . 
  so yes sadly they can . 
  hopefully this kind of turkey never ever gets into the eu . 
  not like that . 
  no that is not what it means . 
  it means that there is a huge difference in how some refugees are treating women and children and we need to educate these people . 
  we also need to teach women that this is a crime here and that they should not fear shouting for help and talk about it . 
  in the last report many women fear that this would negatively influence their application and we need to teach them that it does not and that they need too speak up . 
  so we have more and more reports that sexual crimes in refugee shelter are getting higher and higher . 
  do you want to risk any more of this ? 
  ok this is the point i have enough . 
  how is this even acceptable . 
  it is not like our education standards are getting lower and lower because of budget problems and overcrowded classrooms even before the refugee crisis . 
  now they want to lower our education standards so refugees can find faster work and integrate faster in our schools ... 
  this is just insanity please someone needs to stop germany ... 
  so far only a live ticker news but this is just so ridiculous that i had to post this ... 
  in germany we already had huge education problems but this goes even further than our normal problems ... 
  i really wonder when our government will wake up . 
  this is not funny anymore . 
  they voted for a man who said this year . 
   for too long , we have been a passively tolerant society , saying to our citizens : as long as you obey the law , we will leave you alone . 
  it 's often meant we have stood neutral between different values . 
  and that 's helped foster a narrative of extremism and grievance . 
  this government will conclusively turn the page on this failed approach and yes this statement is real ... 
  what about their other porn laws in the uk ? 
  the one that does not allow to make porn in the uk that has stuff like spanking , face sitting , peeing etc in it ? 
  how is this law still intact ... 
  nationality does not matter in many things . 
  almost all wars were started because of religious conflicts . 
  jews are being hunted since thousand of years because of their religion . 
  the most terrible acts in human history were justified by religion and so on . 
  oh no not really people who for example try to censor campus speech calling for safe spaces etc are calling themselves liberal in europe as well . 
  even though they are not . 
  people need to realize that there is a also a huge and honestly scary liberalism side that wants to ban everything they call problematic . '', 
  ok now it is getting ridiculous in germany ... 
  i would even be laughing if these people were not serious about it ... 
  either the eu should support it which they openly do or they should abandon it but this level of incompetence is just ridiculous . 
  also i personaly think germany and merkel need to be made responsible for the current situation in europe as well . 
  what does that mean . 
  when you are part of soemthing you also should be responsible for it . 
  again you have the free choice but also need to consider the consequences . 
  if you do not participate that is your thing but on the other hand you wont get financial support from the eu anymore .
