  this way we can exclude people who are just economical refugees . 
  and if a refugee does not like the country he is getting to and wants to germany for example he can go but will not get any support, 
  how about turkey ? 
  they will clearly deal with such people . 
  it is unacceptable that a country can not do something about these kind of people . 
  what if he is a terrorist?we can not deport him ? 
  and honestly they should not . 
  showing stuff like merkel in nazi uniform with a euro as symbol is called satire and i personally think it really fits the current situation . 
  politicians want these kind of people arrested which is insane when you can get away witch such a sentence from a person who is a terrorist . 
  if someone said that currently over facebook to a muslim he would be fined and probably arrested by our law ... 
  i never said we should not take anyone . 
  i am saying that we should have the right to deny people asylum who acting in a criminal way in these shelters . 
  that counts for rape , forced prostitution starting mass brawls , threaten other people and even stealing etc. 
  i am only talking about these people . 
  for example we have a mass brawl almost every day in one of these shelters and we need to make clear that this is not the place to do such shit . 
  we can not even deport these people and this is absolutely unacceptable . 
  we have no obligation to take anyone who comes from austria to begin with . 
  they are already in a safe country . 
  so it should be no problem to deny them asylum . 
  what ? 
  and people try to ban pegida ? 
  i am not an activist type character i just want to live my life nothing else . 
  however that does not stop me about having opinions about things and i am brutally honest about this . 
  together with canada and denmark i think they have the best integration and immigration laws even they have a lot you as person have to do . 
  which should be the case . 
  you want to live here ? 
  fine but work for it . 
  take language classes , accept our laws and constitution and so on . 
  honestly i do not even care if you can find work or not this should not the priority . 
  priority should be the things i mentioned everything else will come . 
  and everyone who is willing do to this welcome to germany . 
  if you not even can hold it together in these shelters than get the f out . 
  i never was really fond of germany . 
  i do not like our censorship laws . 
  i do not like many people here and i have friends in denmark as well . 
  this is just another reason i do not like my country . 
  i am implaying that nothing is really done here to people who rape women , threaten people because of their religion , start mass brawls with people of other origins etc. 
  in these shelters yes . 
  if this happens they should be deported the next day . 
  and honestly i do not care if you will die in your country or not . 
  it is their own fault, 
  they can do that if they want but you can not demand that a european country which separates government and religion should be rule under sharia law . 
  if you want that there are places in the world you can do that . 
  great my desire to move to denmark is getting even stronger . 
  this is exactly how you should deal with these kind of people . 
  you believe that a country should be ruled by the sharia ? 
  get the f out of europe . 
  yeah i am sorry but deport them . 
  how entitled can you be as someone who is supposedly fleeing from war ... 
  it surely is but it is still the one people read the most so doing such a campaign is absolutely unacceptable . 
  comments yes . 
  but including the names and acting like they are criminals is unacceptable in my opinion . 
  in germany it is kind of like that yes . 
  for example the probably biggest newspaper ( bild ) has released facebook comments including their real names of people who had anti refugee views . 
  the headline was : criminal comments : lawyers now its your turn '' ( sorry for the bad translation ) some of them were totally racists and borderline criminal but they even released comments like `` when a muslim refugee is not happy here than he can go and everyone is happy '' thy publicly shamed people with such opinion in germany 's `` biggest '' newspaper ... 
  the german verson of huffigton posts also did the same on their site ... 
  but now even the media is getting more and more negative about the whole disaster . 
  first of all all these people in these camps applying for asylum so if anyone does this kind of shit , he should be thrown out immediately . 
  also again they have no right of asylum so kick them the fuck out . 
  if we would enforce this way more than the whole population would be much more relaxed as well . 
  no we do not . 
  we do not have to give anyone asylum who comes from austria . 
  they are already in a save country . 
  the only ones we can not refuse are the ones by plane and boat who come directly to germany . 
  you should read our grundgesetz ^ ^, 
  because he did the only reasonable thing.he closed his borders . 
  just heard news how austria is sending now way more people to germany and we are getting flooded with them . 
  so the result is that 1000 + of them have now to sleep in the open tonight . 
  this is all so ridiculous just close these damn borders and everyone needs to . 
  yes they clearly would but it should be our job not to let anymore of these people who act like it in pour '' free world '', 
  you can think whatever you want . 
  however if you act on it is different . 
  and as i said before `` punish '' or better deport everyone who does not respect our laws and constitution . 
  but i can them to prevent to enter the eu . 
  that is at least what we should do . 
  and they can live but not in my country and they do not deserve to live in europe especially not when they respect our laws and constitution . 
  i also do not come to saudi arabia while disagreeing with their morals and standards . 
  we do not need traditional muslims who thinks that women are their property , threaten homosexuals or transgender people and who thinks their god stays above our laws and constitution . 
  again if you agree to our laws and morals welcome to germany if not get the fuck out of here . 
  no one who thinks like that . 
  not everyone who flees from war . 
  they can have my place here in germany if i can go to luxembourg instead xd, 
  same goes for being a christian and a women . 
  it is insane for me that people who flee from war still threaten and violate people their god does not tolerate . 
  and honestly none of them deserve a place in europe . 
  yes after 6 months ... 
  that is true instead they supported the drug wars in mexico with their weapons . 
  honestly i thought that picture was spot on what is happening right now . 
  she acts like a dictator and not only of germany but also europe . 
  but yeah it was great satire ^ ^, 
  no it is not what we are also fighting now is a ton of people who are seeking economical refugee and this fucks everything up . 
  with merkels words she invited the whole world into eu and now everyone comes and they will not stop until we close our borders . 
  we have statistics shown that approx . 
  50 % are not war refugees at all but still try it . 
  they are lying , they are destroying their id papers and so on . 
  we even have statistics that if someone does not get accepted 10 % or more try it over and over again . 
  also our asylum law states explicit that if they travel from a already save eu country they have no right for asylum in germany . 
  so no we never voted to take the whole 3rd world or anyone fleeing from poverty . 
  they maybe we should finally band all together and eradicate is and co out of this world . 
  great close everything up .
