  that would be the same as hitler did all of this because he was jealous of jews life . 
  is and co are using this argument for recruiting but let us not forget how fucking rich their leaders are . 
  it did not work because we backed out . 
  we need not do to do that . 
  we need to eradicate every bit of radical islam . 
  al queda , is , boko haram and so on . 
  we need to put down people like assad and co and install real democratic order . 
  this will take years maybe even centuries but one thing should be clear . 
  no back out anymore . 
  it is time to admit that we need to do something against is ad every islamic terrorist organisation . 
  we do not need to defend we need to act . 
  on their ground and bring everything we have to them . 
  you want to prevent this ? 
  fight it on their turf . 
  keep them so busy being scared of their lives in their country that they have no time to plan such acts . 
  again . 
  i am not talking about all islam i am taking about every radical islam . 
  that is the difference and if you really want to help muslims . 
  you have to fight and take back their islam from these people . 
  i am sorry but you can something like is not small anymore . 
  and that is what we did wrong . 
  we all allowed a monster like is to grow this big . 
  it is also important that for example when hebdo was happening 25 % of british muslims approved of these acts . 
  it is also important to notice that younger muslims born in europe are more radical than their parents . 
  we need to put an end to every form of radical islam . 
  this is really not to laugh at ... 
  they really believe this shit . 
   during the last years of the u.s. occupation of iraq , the islamic state 's immediate founding fathers , by contrast , saw signs of the end times everywhere . 
  they were anticipating , within a year , the arrival of the mahdi -- a messianic figure destined to lead the muslims to victory before the end of the world . 
  yes ... a world war against terrorism . 
  otherwise it will never end . 
  every country in the free world needs to take part in to show that we are not scared of them and to show that enough is enough . 
  we need to end this . 
  is can not gain more and more control over countries . 
  just like with hitler the world has looked away far too long . 
  now is and co has become so big controlling several countries spreading fear and destruction . 
  actually yes there is . 
  if i remember correctly there is some shit in their prophesies about leading the war to the west to end the world . 
  is already is claiming this attack for them and they also send warnings to us , uk and italy . 
  who cares ? 
  really who cares when homosexuals gets executed on the open street . 
  who cares if non muslims are being systematically killed in these countries . 
  who cares when so many people are fleeing from terror of is and co because they can not live there anymore . 
  and yes the refugee crisis is an result in the reign of is and co. 
  so yes destroy the source of the refugee crisis by eradicating is . 
  exactly right . 
  is is literally hitler . 
  is does exactly what hitler did . 
  back than . 
  only difference is uses religion for their cause and hitler made it an enemy . 
  or the other will finally wake up . 
  look how hollande already called for a war . 
  i never suspected that from him . 
  and ofc it will have consequences as it should . 
  this was the worst attack in france since the ww2 . 
  do you really think this will go without consequences ? 
  my hope is that europe is now joining the real fight against is and co. 
  it should give us a license to erradicate is and co though . 
  so yes let us take back our freedom and let us also take back the islamic believes . 
  as hollande said today : `` we are going to lead a war which will be pitiless . '', 
  the time to stand still is over . 
  we need to end is and co. 
  no it should not be about the religion in general and that is what these leader need to make clear . 
  it is not about being a muslim it is about traditional and extremist muslims . 
  we need to clean the islam from this filth that has stigmatized their religion . 
  not only to save us but also the islam . 
  but maybe it is time to react as fast as possible now . 
  maybe it just shows or serious this has become and that this can be repeated in the next weeks as well if we do not act ? 
  honestly i rather have someone like obama than someone like merkel who basically said nothing important so far , as leader . 
  she will say something in the morning when they formulated a speech that will no one offend and how we need to keep going on with the current situation ... 
   thousands of people singing french national anthem as they exit the stade de france in paris https://twitter.com/uberfootbali/status/665330951132590080 stay strong france . 
  stay strong france . 
  absolute fantastic . 
  vive la france, 
  at that moment we already knew who it was and why they did it . 
  so i think obama was absolutely right to leave such a message . 
  usa is still the most powerful military nation and they need to threaten very early . 
  also i really hope everyone will join france in this . 
  look how is already claimed warnings to italy , uk and the us after these attacks . 
  i am taking about islamic states . 
  i am talking about every nation which holds sharia law as their law . 
  every state that is threaten the freedom of our world . 
  and yes it will be breed more hatred but they can do much less if they do n't have a whole countries and b money from oil etc. 
  you will never be able to eradicate islamic terrorism but you can fucking try to hold them as small as possible . 
  you can make them hide in some stupid desert holes and not openly going around . 
  `` we will lead the fight , we will be ruthless '' said fran\u00e7ois hollande after seeing the bataclan massacre . 
  - bfmtv this is what needs to be happen . 
  the time is over we fucking need to act . 
  `` we will lead the fight , we will be ruthless '' said fran\u00e7ois hollande after seeing the bataclan massacre . 
  - bfmtv and i really hope germany and the rest will join them . 
  enough is enough . 
  oh i am pretty sure it will not go easy and that many people will die just like in any other war . 
  just like in ww2 with hitler and this is almost comparable to this situation . 
  but when do you think it is enough ? 
  when do you think it is not ok anymore for people living there in fear not to suffer anymore ? 
  when is not ok anymore to allow such an ideology in our world ? 
  an ideology which threatens the world . 
  war is never a funny thing or with a few casualties . 
  but it is something that needs to be done once in a while . 
  for the sake of humanity .
