  so yes if you one of these people then get the fuck out of europe . 
  the huge difference between men and women in these camps lead to sexual crimes like rape and child prostitution . 
  we even have discussions to actually separate men and women and muslims and christians because it is getting so bad already . 
  and i will say it again these kind of people who do this should never have a place here not even for a day . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.de/maximilian-von-thalen/fluchtlinge-als-freiwild-sexuelle-ubergriffe-in-asylbewerberheimen_b_8121116.html yeah totally balanced and fair ... 
  especially for all the women and children ... 
  no they are not . 
  they have declined drastically and according to surveys most people in germany do not support her refugee politics anymore . 
  and this happens in only 2 months . 
  imagine how it will look early next year . 
  if she does not change her stand she will be out by the end of 2016 before the elections . 
  i have to understand that rape of women and children as well as prostitution of children ? 
  really ? 
  i have to understand that people in there threaten other people because of their origin and religion ? 
  really ? 
  and they comit these crimes because of the context ? 
  hat context ? 
  that their god thinks it is ok to treat women and girls liek that ? 
  that it is ok to kill homosexuals and transsexual people ? 
  no just no . 
  when you praise a man called mohamed who is not far of as hitler and thinks this is your savior than you have no right to live in the eu . 
  and this goes for traditional muslims not moderate ones . 
  no if i am fleeing for my life the last thing i would do is threaten and rape people that had to endure the same shit as me . 
  you need to udnersand that traditional moslems did not flee from isis they fled from the bombs and they want to keep their religous superiority they had there . 
  and this is a huge problem helping yes but everyone who thinks this is ok and thinks that their shitty god stands above our laws need to get the fuck out of this country . 
  and i honestly do not care if they will die in their country or not . 
  ok here is the thing ... 
  according to our grundgesetz we do not have to accept them at all . 
  the moment they are in a safe country they do not have the entitlement to chose their destination . 
  so theoretically the only way germany has to accept refugee is via plane or via sea . 
  so no we do not have to take everyone in and this is the whole problem . 
  they should not be entitled to chose the country they want to live in because that will be either germany or sweden . 
  and how the hell are we far from reaching this limit ? 
  the problem is the huge amount in such a short time . 
  just today over 200 major of ciitys and towns in nrw have written an open letter to merkel that they have no capacities anymore people sleep in tents on the winter because there is no space . 
  hundreds of gyms are confiscated for refugees . 
  in my hometown there is not a single gym left . 
  towns with less than 100 people get 1000 + refugees , how is this even feasible anymore ? 
  a year ago refugees already have to wait almost 2 years o get an actually place to live because they were no places to rent for them . 
  how can you say we are far from reaching it ? 
  we are full , the people helping are way overworked . 
  we need alone 30k more teachers for all the children . 
  how do you think will this work out ? 
  i can not decide if you are just naive or insane ... . 
  yeah i totally feel the same . 
  when i am bored and have nothing to do i am also thinking about raping women and children . 
  oh wait i am not ... 
  same with brawls when i get mad because i have to wait in line for days i also try to kill people with iron polls and threaten the people to burn down the tents i am living in because i am mad and bored . . and seriously if someone is saying mohamed is stupid i also want to kill people because i am mad bored and misunderstood . 
  oh yeah and do n't let me talk about these terrible syrian christians which i totally threaten even with death and deny them access to the kitchen because i am mad and bored . 
  oh wait again i do not . 
  i am sorry excusing such behavior no matter the circumstances is not only disgusting but also shows how some insane gutmenschen think in germany . 
  especially the left fraction . 
  and no these are not lies these things happen and they happen more and more in the refugees camps . 
  and the worst thing is that this does not even affect their asylum application ... 
  that is how it should be done . 
  but if you are doing this you do not need to apply for asylum in the first place . 
  so even sweden is getting smarter ... 
  seriously germany stop this insanity ... 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i am not moderate because i am not pro refugee ? 
  seriously ? 
  i am not moderate because i think we are full at the moment and that these refugees you are so pro for are being treated like animals ? 
  that they have to live in tents in this cold weather almost feezing to death ? 
  that they have to wait for their application at least 11 to 15 months ? 
  this is pro refugee for you?no you trying to be some gutmensch who is just trying to stroke your ego . 
  fact is germany can not handle so many at once . 
  and more and more people realizing it and even refugees getting more and more angry . 
  we are full for this year . 
  we need time to cope with all of the ones that are here . 
  than when this is cleared we can take more . 
  what else need to happen until people like you are realizing this ? 
  this has nothing to to with being right wing . 
  the last part is the reason they are still trying it . 
  people losing their identification , pretend to be syrian , buy fakes passports and so on . 
  and i think that if you try this right now you are just an egoistic asshole to be honest . 
  right now germany or europe has not time or space to deal with you so stay home it will not kill you unlike many others that actually need help . 
  hey that is more than people trusting our government right now . 
  or we go all out and combine out strength for one big whoop and eradicate is taliban , boko haram and every other terror organisation there . 
  same in germany . 
  it is ridiculous that right now they can stay up to 6 months ... and then you have news like they will injure themselves to stay , insult and attack the police who is trying o deport them etc. 
  still this is no reason to come now . 
  again only assholes try to get asylum for a better life right now . 
  if you do not flee from war have the courtesy and do not come right now . 
  great welfare system . 
  and they know they mostly get rejected but that does not mean they can lie about their origins or buy a fake pass and try it . 
  these economical refugees are fucking everything up and honestly they should be deported and jailed in their country . 
  why the are still in my country ? ... 
  same here in germany . 
  a doctor recently said that he had seen diseases which were non existed for over 20 years now . 
  except germany because if we do we will be called nazis by many ^ ^, 
  i did not link that one because i can not find it anymore and i already used up my quota of 20 articles of die welt . 
  but if you want to look for yourself it is there . 
  something about . 
  i do not see swedish people in these crowds however i see mulsims, 
  again i do not support nazis but some people see this as the only way to protest . 
  so i would never call all these 25k people as nazis . 
  when the afd gains over 40 members each day there is something terrible one with our politics and they need to realize before its too late . 
  getting caught into right wing groups is a clear sign that people in germany are more than just unhappy at the moment . 
  i a not pro refugee so why should i join ? 
  i agree that we need to help war refugees however there should be a limit and this limit has been more than reached for this year .
