  this is why i almost never use it . 
  especially for oppinions, 
  if you do not stay in your allocated country you will not get any support . 
  financially or otherwise . 
  so if you want , you can try it but the moment you are getting criminal which also involves illegal stay and work you are being deported with no chance of any refugee benefits . 
  you can not change whole countries welfare system and work conditions . 
  this is absolute impossible to accomplish in such a short amount of time . 
  that is also why you need quotas for every country . 
  and every country can only process as many in year for example . 
  i think we can surely take 500k each yeah but not in such a short amount of time and with more regulate and strict laws . 
  right now even if you application gets denied you get deported and then they already try to get back this is a huge amount of extra work and it really slows down the application process for other people . 
  as for the processing time : norway basically does it in 2 days in germany you have to wait more and more . 
  look how some refugee actually sued because he waited over 16 month for a decision . 
  that should never happen but in reality it does more and more . 
  the biggest factor for economical refugees is that they basically can chose their dream destination . 
  we need a place at european borders in which war refugees get transferred to a country which has space . 
  if people can not chose the country you will automatically remove almost every economical refugee . 
  also the time period is just ridiculous . 
  if you do not meet the requirements you should be deported in the next week or even on the spot . 
  no matter what . 
  is this a serious question ? 
  how about teachers who use their authority and power for example ? 
  how about women making you drunk or drug you ? 
  also there are people who do not hit women at all costs because they were conditioned like that . 
  or threaten you with weapons . 
  there was one case in which 2 women put a gun on someones head and raped him . 
  but honestly i think it is very sad that this is the first one world wide ... 
  if you are getting beaten by a women or raped in this case there are almost no shelters you can go to . 
  yes but you can get help through welfare . 
  if you do not live in your parents house etc. 
  yeah the merkel thing started and then you saw two dead children on the beach and all idiots went , `` omg we need to help and if you do not you are a monster '', 
  even if its only 500 you will get help for rent etc. 
  so no it is at least 800 euro for one person because that is the absolute minimum, 
  they are talking about way more than us universities . 
  uk is big in there too . 
  and it is really becoming more and more the norm on big universities . 
  oh and i can give you 100 + of these kind of articles . 
  they are not hard to find . 
  no it is an extreme for the sake of satire to tackle real issues . 
  south park is all about political messages . 
  no they are not anymore . 
  here for example is a great article about it . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/22/opinion/sunday/judith-shulevitz-hiding-from-scary-ideas.html this stuff is really worrying and dangerous . 
  of course not but they are doing the same thing they accuse other of . 
  that is what sout park is saying and this is why its a perfect message . 
  and yes you got verbally beaten and thraten for disagreesing wih this whole jenner thing . 
  they are allowed after university . 
  but university is normally the time you form these ideas and your ideals . 
  that is the most important time to form an political opinion etc. 
  if you are getting brainwashed and only know one view how are you even learn to think for yourself and differently ? 
  you can not develop anything when you are not allowed to think or being presented with different ideas . 
  no it is no unrealistic extreme . 
  especially not on the internet and social media . 
  people get threaten , shamed , losing their jobs etc all because of lynch mobs going around threaten everyone they do not agree with . 
  remember the pizzeria who did not wanted to carter for a gay wedding for example ? 
  thea got arson threats . 
  the dentist who killed this lion ? 
  could not go to his own place for weeks because of it . 
  he got rape threats , death threats and so on . 
  another example : a young white teenager posted a photo with her new braids and the lynch mob went insane . 
  reason ? 
  she was white and was not allowed to wear braids . 
  they have threaten a 14 year old girl for fs sake ... 
  this is not an unrealistic extreme this is already the case . 
  this is bullshit i am sorry . 
  what we need to learn first is to separate fiction from reality . 
  fiction is also something you are not forced to watch . 
  if you feel uncomfortable watching things like game of thrones because it has rape in it then do not watch it and not try to shame it and label anyone who watches it a monster etc. 
  that is the freedom you have in our world . 
  also no women do not have to think about it but in reality they are being reminded constantly by it through media , though modern feminism who is scaring the shit out of women for everything they do . 
  modern feminism is profiting of the fear of women and they are fantastic at it . 
  for example rape statistics . 
  not only is the 1 in 5 statistics absolutely bullshit ( that would be higher than in african warzones ) further more modern feminism makes women so afraid of strangers that you certainly can not do anything else than being scared for your life while going out . 
  too bad these same people try to hide the fact that over 80 maybe even 90 % of rapes happening due to family members , or very close friends and not with strangers to begin with . 
  also the moment you generalize people no matter if women , men , white or black people etc. 
  you have already lost the argument . 
  especially on the internet when you do not even know the history of this person , the current status etc. 
  there is no general privilege . 
  privilege is something based on so many different things and occasions that generalizing this idea is not only ridiculous but also dangerous . 
  today a men is already guilty until proven innocent . 
  you can not even go out alone with your own child while people thinking you are a pedophile . 
  in some airlines you can not even sit next to a unknown child etc. 
  that is the world we live in today . 
  and this is only one aspect of it and you can do it with everything else . 
  no super pc is not better . 
  a show like southpark demonstrated this in their first episode this season . 
  if you are super pc you are the same kind of idiot you are actually despise . 
  you are a bully , you are an asshole nothing else . 
  the ones you should be worry about are the ones in universities . 
  these are basically the leaders of tomorrow . 
  when something like oxford is censoring speech , cancels visits because they might offend someone then this is a dangerous path we are going today ... 
  actually no . 
  young muslims are getting more and more radical and extreme and this is very worrying . 
  even these who were born here in europe http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html, 
  because the so called right has more and more become the west from the past while the left is getting more and more radical . 
  you can especially see this more and more in universities which many already have almost abandoned free speech . 
  here is also a great article about it . 
  if leftwingers like me are condemned as rightwing , then what 's left ? 
  no ... not in germany http://www.handelsblatt.com/politik/deutschland/fluechtlingsdebatte-ich-habe-angst-dass-buerger-gegen-uns-marschieren/12380020.html at least this was not the case 2 weeks ago . 
  and even if you get 3 years or more .
