  these people who do not have the german citizenship need to be deported, 
  no i have not i have explained to you my stand on things . 
  i am not full of prejudices like you seem to be . 
  no you are not . 
  you want to see how some schools already were in 2010 ? 
  here i give you an example how it is in school with a huge majority of muslim kids . 
  you will be mobbed and threaten and this in a free country like germany . 
  and these schools these days are not a rarity anymore . 
  i also was threaten with a fucking knife on my throat by these kind of assholes . 
  and i am sorry if i dont want these kind of muslims in my country anymore . 
  again this is not about every muslim but about a huge percentage . 
  these kids threaten women , they think it is their property etc. 
  ok you want to guilt me because people i do not even know were nazis ? 
  really ? 
  that is all i need to know to not take you seriously . 
  you have no idea what you are talking here . 
  have a nice day . 
  no i am 34 and yeah i am totally ignorant to treat everyone the same no matter race , gender or sexuality . 
  wish more people would actually be ignorant like me . 
  does that mean i will not ackknoledge that you are black or muslim or homosexual ? 
  no i will ackknowledge it but you will get no bonus from me . 
  i do not care if you ancestors has been oppressed , enslaved etc. 
  i do not care if you father has murdered people . 
  all i care is about the person in front of me . 
  and no one should be made responsible for others especially when they are since over 200 years dead . 
  history as agumentation for special treatment is the worst and weak argument you can bring up with . 
  you want to guilt me because i am german and people before me were nazis ? 
  do it i do not care because i had nothing to do with it . 
  you want to guilt and shame me because i am male ? 
  or white ? 
  then i already know what i think about you ? 
  check your privilege huh ? 
  no thank you . 
  for me sweden is far from freedom and equality when it oppresses their own folk for the sake of others . 
  when these people already doing this in these camps they should have no place here at all . 
  sadly right now it will not affect their asylum application and this drastically needs to change . 
  why ? 
  i really do not see race , or religion . 
  to me everyone is the same and treated the same . 
  i do not generalize and never will . 
  when i talk about these issues i will always talking about the ones causing it not the ones which are part of the same race , religion , group , gender etc. 
  i am not talking about stopping . 
  i am talking about make things clear from the start . 
  the moment you hit a women , the moment you force a women to wear something , the moment you put your gods laws above our law etc. 
  you should be deported where you came from . 
  no question , no excuses nothing . 
  i always talk about it too . 
  its about equality , religious freedom and openness to your sexuality etc. 
  all these people who do not can accept these basic laws should not come to europe at all . 
  honestly i do not care what people think . 
  if they think homosexuality is based they are free to think that way however they should not threaten or kill homosexuals , transsexuals or anyone else because of it . 
  i honestly do not care to keep germany german . 
  i want to keep germany a place of freedom and equality . 
  this was not the ones i am talking about . 
  we are getting more and more reports that people especially who are christian getting threaten in these homes . 
  they are denied access to kitchen facilities etc. 
  we had a mob of 100 + wanting to kill someone who destroyed a koran and so on . 
  these are not just accidents anymore . 
  they happen on a daily basis and we need to make sure that these people do not come in our country . 
  we still have tons of in germany born muslim male teenager who do not care about equality . 
  who see a women as their property and so on . 
  just teaching them is not helping because it did not work in the past either . 
  also i think you have just ignored all these news about religious conflicts and threats people get in the shelters aswell . 
  there is a reason why germany now is debating to separate people because of their religion . 
  no they are very concerned and worried . 
  and i can totally understand this . 
  jews are the people who were hunted for eternity now . 
  black history is not even close to what jews had to endure in history and i think we need also listen to them . 
  it has gotten already so bad that the zentralrat der juden in germany already has warned of antisemitic conflicts . 
  but not coming from germans or germany but from the people in these camps ... 
  these next let us say 5 years will decide the future of a free germany and honestly i am really scared . 
  yes she did and at first the media was all over that in a positive manner . 
  but now we hear more and more bad things : rape of children and women , enslavement , religious conflicts , brawls etc and all of these happen in these refugee camps ... and people wonder why more and more people in germany are not happy about this ... 
  yeah i mostly see it like you . 
  you put it very well together . 
  the worst thing about this is how social media these days is used as a weapon to silence the people with different opinions . 
  it is happening each day and it is character assassination at its worst . 
  you can get fired these days if these mobs think you have offended them people will be called racist for the smallest things . 
  orwellian left fits probably the best . 
  for me things like comedy should have no taboos at all . 
  yes you can make a bad joke or something is not going over well but you never should be have the fear that one joke can cost your career or even your life . 
  i go after the motto : the moment you can not joke about something it is not accepted as something that exist by today 's society . 
  of the so called modern progressivism which they think they are but really not . 
  it is more political correctness not progressiveness even there are still people who believe that this is progressiveness while it is in fact more censoring . 
  this 90 days holiday is ridiculous . 
  what else need to be done to get completely rid of blatter ... 
  yeah if you think all these people are right wing you are no bit better than the people who called the greek police women a nazi because she spoke about her experience with muslim men and refugees . 
  how low have we fallen ... 
  this is highly praised art god dammit ... 
  in this video rainer wnedt the federal chairman of the german police is talking about the critical situations in refugee camps and what needs to be done by politicians . 
  note : this video was later deleted by the german news channel n24 in this video he talks about : rape of woman and children , exploitation , enslavement and fighting between religious groups etc. 
  and he makes clear that we need to establish deport jails for these criminals . 
  he also thinks that refugees have no respect for the german law because it does not influence their asylum application . 
  we will really have a tough time ahead ... 
  because they are now considered save countries . 
  these people are economical refugees which we can not shelter at the moment . 
  i never said i would not let them in . 
  however there are also many people who have not integrated at all and these people even have their own hidden law system they use . 
  for example putting them all together like in ghettos is not helping . 
  back then we have build tons of houses separated from the rest and then filled these only with turkish migrants .
