  ok charging her for this is ridiculous . 
  yes she is a racist but all that should have been done is removing her as diversity officer nothing else . 
  they should act and treat differently because they are not german citizen yet . 
  and i always said not all muslims but all who act against our law . 
  this means on a person to person basis no matter how small this basis is . 
  and please tell me how am i against european culture ? 
  also people who live in a land should have more rights than people who want to live in this land . 
  that is why we need strict policies . 
  and tell people if you want to live here you are welcome as long you follow our laws and constitution . 
  if you personally think your god or whatsoever stands above these you can get the fuck out . 
  when you become a german citizen you should have the same rights as anyone else . 
  meaning if you go then suddenly against these laws you need to face our law system . 
  no it is not a sterotpye it is their word that people get taught in moschees etc. 
  these are facts . 
  facts that are slowly changing with each new generation but they still heavily exist . 
  i think you need to read up on all this . 
  and comparing this to mensright is ridiculous . 
  are some of these peoples assholes ? 
  yes for sure just like fmeinist can be assholes but i will still not generalize these people . 
  and if you are not german and you hit a women , or break our laws you should get out no matter what . 
  and that cultures do not mix well . 
  i am sorry but if you live with someone in your own home who has totally different views , customs that are totally different and against your believes you can not tell me that it will not bothering you . 
  not because you are superior but because you can not adopt to these believes and rituals . 
  and no i do not try to defend my so called racist views . 
  i think everyone is the same and should be treated the same . 
  however if a person can not bfollow the rules or laws of this country especially as a refugee he should have no place here at all . 
  to be honest . 
  i would totally love to deport every criminal in germany . 
  no matter if german , syrian , african , american , russian etc. 
  but this is just impossible to do so but with refugee who are guests and with any other guest we should deport them on the spot . 
   that is a stereotype about muslims . 
  that they posses some sort of special culture that makes them incompatible with german law . 
  no there are facts how they treat women , how they treat homosexuality and these are sadly not exceptions . 
  and this is not mixing well with our culture and society . 
  this is what i am referring to not the ones who kill people because of their religion . 
   in your opinion calling someone a nazi is an act of terror ? 
  i know that the word `` terrorism '' is politically loaded and emotionally charged , but is n't that stretching it a little too far ? 
  no ' a nazi or racism is a feel of superiority . 
  one race above all . 
  if you have concerns that some cultures do not mix well it has nothing to do with racism or being a nazi . 
  words like racism these days are being thrown around like free candy on carnival and by doing so they lose so much meaning . 
  today some people think everything is racist and quite honestly they are idiots . 
   i am talking here about basic laws . 
  like the very first 19/20 articles of our grundgesetz . 
  basic and common stuff . 
  for me they are not part of our culture or society until they actually acknowledge these basic rules . 
  as i said before . 
  i will treat war refugees totally the same but i will always call out and criticize the ones who do not follow these laws . 
  first and foremost they are guests for the time being and they need to adapt . 
  that is at least what i also would do if i would flee from war . 
  if a women wants to wear the traditional wear she is totally welcome to . 
  if she is forced than no . 
  fuck the one who forced her . 
  fuck the ones who hit women because they religion taught that they own them etc. 
  you missed travels around the world trying to act as if nothing is wrong ^ ^, 
  because this would have been smart . 
  yes but what merkel did was far far away from finding the right balance . 
  we knew about these problems for years but everyone closed their eyes and ears back then . 
  now merkel tried to capitalize this situation and it had nothing to do with humanity . 
  problem was only that she massively failed and europe and especially germany is now paying the price . 
  she already has lost so much support in the last 2 months . 
  even her own people abandon her more and more . 
  she will not last till end of 2016 . 
  and i would even bet money on that . 
  yes they do and this is also a reason why people getting more and more upset . 
  who ? 
  sweden ? 
  yeah maybe . 
  finland ? 
  i do not think so . 
  france ? 
  no , uk ? 
  no , hungary ? 
  no croatia ? 
  netherlands ? 
  no , denmark ? 
  greece ? 
  lol no . 
  so which leaders do you think ? 
  i also do not generalize . 
  i talk about the people who does this . 
  the moment they do it the should be deported no matter what . 
  if you want flee from war and want to live here according to our laws and our grundgesetz you are welcome . 
  this was not a statistic this whats a comment . 
  and you need some kind of measurement to make your argument more clear . 
  what i am saying is even if these radicals or not well behaved people are in the minority they are still too many . 
  and no i do not stereotype refugee with terrorists . 
  i am saying that these people exist and that the muslim culture does not mix well with our laws and constitution and that this is the reason why people are scared . 
  and yes i agree with the mention that people who burn down refugee houses are terrorist and also need to be stopped . 
  i also call the people terrorist who have threaten the women , who told the story about how she was treated by a refugee family while trying to find a house for them , terrorists . 
  however i will never call a person who has fears and is scared about the future in this whole situation right wing or nazi . 
  there is no black and white here . 
  personally i think every real war refugee is welcome here as long he follows our laws and constitution . 
  the moment he does not he should be deported no matter what and honestly i do not care if he would die in his home country . 
  yeah that was another line that was absolutely stupid . 
  with this line you neglected everyone who has reasonable fear and is scared about the future . 
  she royally fucked up on so many ways and she does not even care . 
  you just said the reason for it yourself . 
  wealthy . 
  it is no secret that poverty is much more common in the west .
