you can read it basically on every big german site . 
  it is much more difficult to find an english version of it though . 
  so some want to get out of sweden and move to finland and now some want to move out of finland ? 
  seriously how ungrateful can some people be ? 
  its ridiculous . 
  this happens when people tell you its ok to be fat . 
  thx modern feminism . 
  i am looking forward to all the medical costs . 
  no we should not help this person and people acting like this person . 
  there are tons of refugees who need help and do not behave like this one . 
  why ? 
  the problem is clear . 
  the huge amount of refugees in such a short period of time . 
  the solution is also pretty clear . 
  strict policies which huge chance of deort if you do not fit in . 
  and we need reasonable quotes . 
  which means being rude , radical , not accepting laws and constitution etc. 
  i do not mind helping people fleeing from war but the current status in germany is a true disaster . 
  we have no space , gyms even in small towns are already at their limit . 
  we need time to build refugee homes and settle people in . 
  then you can take new ones . 
  also for long term we need tons of teacher other personal for kindergarten etc. 
  to handle these people . 
  we already had overcrowded classrooms and universities . 
  now in a year it will get even worse . 
  right now our politicians even confiscating buildings . 
  they ave thrown out 2 tenants out of their homes to make space for refugees and come winter this will not be the only 2 . 
  if you go this route the right wing will have a great day with it and that is whats really scary . 
  and honestly i blame merkel for it . 
  her words invited basically everyone not only refugees . 
  last statistics have shown at least 30 % of refugee lie about being from syria and these people are causing so many problems . 
  because kaiserin merkel is ruling europe right now which is ridiculous . 
  france does not want to lose the german support . 
  europe is falling tanks to merkel . 
  it is a free for all battle right now ... 
  merkel and co knew about this problem since the beginning of 2015 and never reacted . 
  now they do because they get pressured more and more from their own ranks . 
  merkel has shown how incompetent she is . 
  and the whole vw disaster is another evidence for it . 
  i am german and i can totally understand why the countries in east europe feel like that . 
  they have been left alone . 
  serbia and croatia have now a huge conflict thanks to merkel . 
  and hungary goes total control because they have no other options . 
  now poland will be the main country but i am pretty sure they will also go this route . 
  so yes merkel is responsible for the current status . 
  i can totally understand this . 
  france already has huge immigration problems n their country . 
  there are really scary places in france in this regard . 
  that is always a problem with social media especially since mainstream media is on a big propaganda trip . 
  but even that is changing more and more which is a good thing . 
  they can not get empathy with just showing drowning children anymore . 
  yeah if they think like that they can right go home . 
  this is unacceptable . 
  as i said before you are welcome as long you accept the laws and constitutions here . 
  treating women like that is not how it works here an if you have a problem with it get the fuck out . 
  there are tons of refugees who need this house way more than these people . 
  no we know at least about 2 cases already . 
  and even if its only 1 case this is unacceptable no matter what . 
  you maybe can do that in china , russia or syria but not in germany . 
  so what ? 
  we in germany are doing this for years now and we are doing this now . 
  even with already totally overcrowded classrooms and universities . 
  but we also do not have anymore capacities . 
  according to the newest data we already took 500k in this year alone and we are full . 
  there is just no space anymore . . people live in small gyms right now and they will for a while because we have no space anymore . 
  there is a limit and germany reached this limit . 
  so please exclude us of your hypocrisy . 
  no she wants meat to make meat look dangerous to your health . 
  anti tobacco ads are showing you as a bad person , a person who is addicted , a person who can do better etc. 
  it is meat shaming nothing else . 
  yeah this is a huge problem . 
  i do not know about other countries but germany is at its limits . 
  according to our politicans we already have taken in 500k this year which is fine but now we have no capacities at the moment any more . 
  more and more gyms are being used . 
  gyms school will not be able to use for a long time . 
  people get thrown out of their homes to make more space . 
  homeless and socially very poor people are suffering because of it as well . 
  there is no wonder that people going more andmore right wing these days in germany . 
  we need to end this now but the sad thing is that it is almost impossible now . 
  one way to do so is to warn everyone who tries to get into this country when he is not from a war zone . 
  and if you do so it should be jail . 
  maybe then people will understand that this was not a free invitation . 
  they already said that as a refugee you have no right to chose a country which is a step into the right direction but we need more . 
  sadly you can not have an honest opinion anymore . 
  on reddit you get downvoted . 
  see my post about the german city who actually terminates tenants contracts so refugees can move in . 
  or you are being called racist and non human because you do not fall for the propaganda of starving or drowning babies the media tries to show us . 
  it is getting really ridiculous and honestly i do believe that soon we will see the results of it which will lead to a way more right wing europe anyone wants . 
  we already have huge conflicts in europe with serbia and croatia for example . 
  this world has gone insane ... time to start from day one ... 
  oh hey another merkel disaster . 
  and the worst thing is that will not even lead her to resign ... 
  i am sorry to say this but some refugees are just rude and especially ungrateful . 
  if i am fleeing from war i would be happy everywhere safe but some of them actually demanding things that are ridiculous . 
  take a look at this video for example . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhnh-d9inii they even got a place already and still complain . 
  and for these people german tenants already get thrown out of their own homes ? 
  no thank you . 
  if you need help you are welcome if you are ungrateful and rude you can leave right away . 
  there are tons of other people who would be happy to have such a place ...
