  ok first of all . 
  we have to deal with over crowded classes and universities for years now . 
  now try to add all these people who want to study , who have children . 
  the ones who are there want to bring their families over . 
  which would be an average of let us say 3 people . 
  how many of these are children ? 
  so yes teachers union demand this because they were already at their limits to begin with . 
  and other thing . 
  we had over 400k regestrations in the last 40 days . 
  that means at least 10 % are children that have no parents . 
  this means we are already talking about 40k children in the last 40 days . 
  how can you handle such a huge amount ? 
  that is why merkel is making a deal with the devil . 
  erdogan is using these refugees and merkel has no other choice than to accept to keep her position . 
  also people say that erdogan will totally close the borders and unlike other countries he will do this even with force . 
  if he does that the refugee flood will close . 
  the moment turkey is declared a safe country these refugees now living their are in a safe country that means according to our grundgesetz that germany does not to take them in anymore . 
  you are writing about the happenings in germany so yes you need to mention it to not create a one sided view that has nothing to do with the reality . 
  we are talking here about the same country and even the same areas ... for example just last night we had two murder in refugee homes alone . 
  brawls are a daily thing these days as well . 
  rape of women and children is getting more frequently in these homes etc. 
  and if you call yourself a journalists you should always talk about both sides instead of manipulating the truth because it fits better with your own morals . 
  again this is the first thing a real journalists is being taught ... 
  the tittle of this whole thing is called refugees the last 7 days in germany . 
  so yes you have to mention both sides . 
  edit : the sad thing is even even uses one refugee example in it to make it look like its not biased . 
  because she is under so much pressure right now and not only from the population but also from her own group as well . 
  she will not last much longer if this goes on . 
  and erdogan can help her with the crisis but she makes a deal with the devil . 
  when you report on something you as a journalist should never create a biased one sided view . 
  that is even the first thing you learn in universities for fucks sake ... 
  if you write a blog about our opinion than i do not care at all . 
  according to survey the majority already is . 
  tax raises will just fasten the process of merkel resigning . 
  that is already a demand of turkey as well as 3 billion euro , the declaration of turkey to a safe country in the eu and so on . 
  erdogan is playing already with merkel and she has not other way but to accept . 
  the problem is that it is already happening before . 
  and this is why people are scared . 
  the islam should not control german schools but it is happening . 
  we have schools with an 80-90 % muslim ratio already . 
  statistics have shown that a ratio of 30 % non speaking germans will slow down the classes drastically . 
  no we have to deal with a ton of new children . 
  teacher unions already demanding 30k new teachers so they can even cope with the current situation . 
  these are not predictions these are already facts . 
  also let us not forget that young muslims becoming more and more extreme . 
  for example in the uk . 
  40 % of young in the uk born muslims want the uk to be under sharia law . 
  these percentages are fucking scary to be honest . 
  nothing has changed much yet because they are still in camps . 
  wait till they search for a job , search for a place to live and watch how angry people can get when they realize that germany is not the paradise they heard of . 
  wait for muslim children with traditional views taking over schools . 
  because yes the islam will change the school environment . 
  example of that ? 
  because it is . 
  and yes he wants to close the borders . 
  the police union wants to close the borders and a fence because they can not keep up anymore . 
  the waiting times are already at 11-15 month on average . 
  how is this even reasonable anymore ? 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article147386375/bis-zu-300-000-neue-kinder-an-deutschen-schulen.html and over 10 % have no parents . 
  no especially the so called left side which is getting more and more extreme by they way will stigmatize pedophiles no matter what . 
  on the internet it is really drastic there as well . 
  because transgender or supporter are using this in such a derogatory way that it does not help these discussions . 
  every discussion i have is used that way . 
  `` oh you are white male ? 
  your opinion does not count . 
  oh a cis gender male ? 
  you should just shut up etc. 
  this is not how you discuss these issues . 
  and again it is always the radical left side you can not talk to . 
  and honestly i prefer people in such discussions or even man or woman . 
  special terms should be only used in academic terms in my opinion . 
  there are already so many terms to describe gender , sex etc it has become ridiculous . 
  they are already using more than half of the alphabet and if you do not address them correctly they freak out . 
  i mean there are even people who sometimes feel like a man and sometimes like a woman and there is a term for that and you have to know this term so they do not get offended ... 
  academic terms mostly destroy any meaningful discussions in my opinion . 
  it will not stop them but it will sower the whole thing and economical refugees can be stopped at the border . 
  and yes humans are not cattle but very very egoistical . 
  see that they only want to go to sweden or germany . 
  they do not even care if they are safe or not if they dont get into sweden or germany . 
  again i do not like seehofer but he has the right ideas and is actually reasonable unlike the insane linken , gr\u00fcnen or even the spd which even censors the opinions of their members . 
  no no violence is ok but i do not like the one sided view here . 
  both sides have criminals and both sides are not the majority but we need to get rid of them on both sides and not only one . 
  and we getting more and more reports that actual criminal acts are being whitewashed and not reported because it can raise negative opinions about refugees . 
  right now this is not happening . 
  starting a brawl or threaening people inside refuge camps will change nothing regarding the asylum application which needs to change . 
  people who threaten other people inside refugee camps because of their origin or religion should not get asylum . 
  what i think is not important what experts think is . 
  so yes i believe it when the most respectable finance experts saying this . 
  i think you have no idea how government budget works ... what do you want ? 
  making industries pay for it ? 
  again if these numbers become real what will happen is a huge taxes increase by up to 6 % . 
  and singles already pay 50 % taxes . 
  also let us not forget the huge financial crisis we will be facing thanks to vw and co as well . 
  oh i agree but i also think it is easier for people to understand how these people feel as well . 
  it is more like a hyperbole if that is the right english word for it . 
  as for cis gender . 
  you see it often used by so called modern feminist to shut people up tumblr and social media is also a `` great '' place for cis to be used as derogatory term . 
  honestly i think we should never use this word in normal conversations because it just does not fit here . 
  in germany the age of consent is 14 years old and it is not even a rarity 14 year old girls having sex with 20 + year old . 
  i think we are handling these issues pretty well to be honest .
