  it its about time this happens, 
  i like the democratic system however when a political group has changed their views as much as merkel and the cdu did then you should be upset about it . 
  this s not what people voted for . 
  most people here have concerns but if you say them you are automatically a nazi etc. 
  when they were elected merkel and cdu did stand for a much different politics that is why people get so upset about it . 
  we need a volksentscheid to decide what we should do but sadly this is not possible in our country . 
  no the more and more upset people switch to the extreme right wing groups while the extreme left wing is now fighting them as well . 
  just today 10 cars were burned down at a demonstration by supposedly left wing extremists . 
  as i said before the next years will be full of these attacks and i honestly fear were this will end ... 
  quelle die welt and now guess why : because they knew they get deported . 
  no fuck that . 
  a single person already has up to 50 % taxes you are out of your mind . 
  there is a limit and if that happens enjoy the huge raise of right wing parties . 
  because they either want to go to sweden or germany . 
  other places are not an option for them . 
  and that needs to change . 
  they should not be able to chose their destination . 
  it is ridiculous . 
  that is what we should do right now anyway . 
  we have no space and manpower left anymore . 
  more and more institutes are crying for help . 
  especially the police is totally helpless . 
  also yeah lets increase fundings . 
  from what ? 
  tax raises ? 
  have fun with that if they go this way and they have to next year its over anyway . 
  no one will support tax raises . 
  hey right now experts expecting yearly costs of 30 billion euro and more . 
  so he can take 1-4 or even 10 billion and it would be much cheaper xd, 
  can i vote orban for kanzler in germany ? 
  it would be at least much better compared to what we have right now ... 
  you as a parent can do that as long it is not against the law but these are professional and none or less doctors which have a codex . 
  this is unacceptable . 
  no they encourage them because they know that they do not want to stay in their country . 
  we are full . 
  people have to live in tents that are not even winter safe . 
  if this goes on soon the first refugees will die in germany because of the cold . 
  and then imagine what will happen then . 
  no we are not . 
  i think you need to read our grundgesetz . 
  so basically we only have to accept them in germany when they come by plane or boat directly . 
  and that is the biggest problem the other countries are just waving them through because they know that they do not want to stay in their country . 
  a refugee should never be able to chose their destination . 
  we do not make the choice . 
  merkel does even when most people disagree . 
  what we need is a volksentscheid . 
  we as germans should also try tp push merkel out of her position . 
  kaiserin merkel is destroying not only germany bit also europe . 
  nothing she had to handle was managed right . 
  from greek to vw to the refugee crisis ... 
  yeah these people all need to lose the right to be a doctor . 
  this is so disgusting ... 
  what is when they were not allowed to because it represents western culture ? 
  again that was the case with my friend back then . 
  and yes i agree you also should do that that is how i started to learn japanese until university classes ^ ^, 
  i am not a teacher so i can not say how to do it . 
  however it really does not help if the children are not allowed to speak german in their own homes . 
  and that is sadly the current status for many muslims here . 
  back in the 90 on of my friends was muslim and when i was invited to a birthday party it was really hard to communicate . 
  the parents did not speak german and their son was also not allowed to speak loudly german . 
  even though most of his visitors were german . 
  later he told me that it is like that in most families living there . 
  and you always could notice how this also was the reason why he never could speak good german . 
  grammar wise german is so very difficult we have sadly so many rules that it is even getting confusing sometimes for german children ^ ^, 
  ok ... http://www.thelocal.dk/20151019/forty-percent-danish-muslims-wants-quran-based-laws http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2007/jan/29/thinktanks.religion  37 % of 16 to 24-year-olds said they would prefer sharia law , against 17 % of those over 55 . 
  eighty-six per cent said their religion was the most important thing in their lives . 
   nearly a third of 16 to 24-year-olds believed that those converting to another religion should be executed , while less than a fifth of those over 55 believed the same . 
  these are only two examples of how radical the muslim youth has become in europe and these are people who also were born here . 
  how is this not alarming in any way ? 
  and yes imigrating is a huge taks but if they do not want to be integrated you can not do anything at all . 
  that is why we need strict rules and restrictions . 
  like speaking the language you live in . 
  follow the laws of the constitution and never put your gods above . 
  do not allow things like marrying of their daughters , bad treatment of women , homosexuals or transgender people . 
  we need to enforce these rules because the youth is getting more and more extreme . 
  here is a great report how the islam already affected germany before this crisis . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm there is a reason why almost every conflict in the world has to do something with islamic states . 
  again they do not in german . 
  i do not know if its because our schools suck or that german is a pretty difficult language to learn if its not native but these are sadly facts we can not ignore . 
  also we should never forget that small children will learn much faster than let us say teenager, 
  i love these kind of weak arguments . 
  listen buddy the world is not only black and white . 
  if you are pro refugee than so be it but at least try not to build a picture of helpless children dying on the beach while losing a sense of reality here . 
  these things have to be brought together and you can not leave them separate . 
  these people who do such things are the reason why people are scared and do this shit and we need to make sure that these people get the fuck out of the eu so people actually feel safe and do not join right wing extremists . 
  that is the best way to prevent these things . 
  on the other hand never tolerate attacks like arson . 
  try to make it clear that opinions are fine but not attacks . 
  this is the eu after all . 
  your whataboutism is just a stupid and pretty weak statement to try to shut me up but sadly i do not fall for these authoritarian left strats ^ ^, 
  there are always exceptions so be proud of your son . 
  but we in germany have really problems with children who can not speak german at all and they are much older . 
  even when they are born here . 
  for example : also excuse my bad english and all links sadly in german ^ ^ in hamburg one city . 
  over 1000 emgergency calls in refugee homes . 
  that is like 3 calls a day . 
  http://www.tageblatt.de/lokales/aktuelle-meldungen_artikel,-ueber-1000-polizeieinsaetze-in-hamburger-erstaufnahmeeinrichtungen-_arid,1166469.html how women and children are victims in these camps . 
  they are getting threaten with death , they are getting access denied to places like kitchens etc. 
  that is really funny because especially the jews are very concerned about he raising violence against them but not by `` us '' but by muslims . 
  just this week muslims openly sang `` kill all jews '' on a street in sweden .
