  done . 
  and then we can work with the other countries who are willing to . 
  but doing nothing until then is just insane . 
  again you can stop this by making it clear that they will not get any support . 
  refugees should not be entitled to chose their destination like it is the case now . 
  everyone in greece gets registered in eu controlled camps and than transport in which ever country has space . 
  done . 
  if you try to leave this country you automatically lose any form of support and being illegal in a country will not get you far to begin with . 
  that is why our government is trying to get teacher out of retirement . 
  this is no joke . 
  we did not do that because even if we wanted to we are so incompetent to put them in planes . 
  look how the lageso lost thousands of id passes . 
  look how we managed to send 70 people back last week . 
  70 people ... our government can do jackshit and it is time to admit that . 
  yeah we totally can . 
  just look at last night when 5000 people had to sleep outside in the cold because we had no fucking space left . 
  they all want to germany or sweden ... 
  wait do they say that only 14 % think that there is more room in germany or do 14 % think that we have no room anymore . 
  if the later that is laughable . 
  almost 4/5 of germans are for closing the borders for example . 
  no they were talking about legal consequnces and yes it was a threat . 
  just like `` we are looking out for your store and it would be a shame if something would happen to it or ? '', 
  if they say legal consequences they are talking about court issues and do you really think reddit would risk that ? 
  legal consequences which is a great threat for big companies . 
  that is called a threat ... 
  seriously ... do you really think that reddit is not smart enough to cope in such matters ? 
  they do not want to lose a whole country . 
  i think we need to make clear that it is totally fine in movies but not ok in video games which is ridiculous . 
  even the south park game was heavily censored because of it . 
  same with stuff like wolfenstein . 
  it is really a shame that germany is so out of date with this bullshit . 
  no that is not correct . 
  the bpjm has `` threaten '' reddit with legal consequences if they do not block this sub reddit from german viewers . 
  so i would totally call this a government thing . 
  great so does that mean that my country also can not block watch people die - reddit anymore ? 
  oh yeah not so much with the deutsche bank xd just today : 6 billion loss this quarter and over thousands of people laid off . 
  germany has a great future ahead . 
  wait . 
  the eu is now realizing that this shit costs tons of money ? 
  who knew ... 
  i will never understand how politicians on such a `` high level '' are so incompetent ... on the free market these people would be fired long time ago ... on a side note : germany openly said that it is fine to have a huge loss next year because of it . 
  2016 is not so important . 
  2017 the year of elections however is ... 
  that is why we need a eu controlled camps in greece under eu registration that does register and transport refugees to eu countries which have space . 
  the problem we have right now is because everyone wants either to germany or sweden and this is the only thing most people want . 
  they should not be able to chose their dream destination and on the other side having such a camp and transfer zone will eliminate most economical refugees as well . 
  you missed the world cup scandal going on right now or ? ^ ^, 
  wait something my country does is not working who knew ... germany has become such a joke regarding politics ... oh but on the funny side last week 70 people got deported . 
  70 out of i do not know 500k ? 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-28/merkel-s-refugee-policy-breaks-the-law-bavarian-minister-says this is one small article about it, 
   he 's working within the boundaries of the law . 
  requesting that refugees only cross at designated border crossings and promptly register themselves upon entry is legal . 
  exactly . 
  who is not working in the boundaries of the law is merkel and our government . 
  we have basically abolished european law and we and especially merkel should be hold responsible for it . 
  again it will not stop all of them but many of them will no try to fake their origins to get a better life . 
  this is what we should be dealing with first in my opinion . 
  and you will get these ghettos anyway it is not possible to integrate such a huge amount of people without sticking them all together in newly build houses even we should prevent this . 
  as for tv . 
  tv is a basic human right in germany . 
  you will even get money to buy one . 
  gez is also something people without work do not need to pay either for so that is not a huge problem here . 
  only problem i see is that parents will not allow their children to watch western media . 
  back in the 90s i had a muslim friend who was not allowed to watch german tv at home . 
  very very low for example this first half year it was over 8ooo people which is an increase of 42 % compared to last year . 
  but compared to what is going on it is a real joke . 
  we even had some news yesterday about 70 people being deported . 
  do you really think that this will not scare people do try this if we actually execute these kind of laws ? 
  as i said before it is not about stopping everyone but the majority and then we can deal with the rest in a much better way . 
  and i am coming up with ideas . 
  ideas that will not stop it 100 % but the majority and that should be our goal . 
  i do not care . 
  either deport them or put them for 5 -10 years in jail because they are criminals . 
  and increased crime rates also means more deportations . 
  german police is not so bad in catching criminals ^ ^ and seriously you need to start somewhere . 
  we need to stop the flood or it will never end and the best way to stop most of them is with laws like that . 
  then we also can easily deal with these kind of people . 
  a family will not risk going to germany in such a way . 
  and countries like france or spain are safe ccountries they can happily live in . 
  that is not understandable to be honest . 
  this is th ebst way to get hold of illegal immigrants and their parents should be responsible for it . 
  probably but we really need a solution to this problem as fast as possible . 
  and you can really build such a fence in a couple of weeks . 
  yes some will and you will never stop it 100 % . 
  but we need to stop the huge amount of people coming at once . 
  this is the biggest problem we have right now . 
  we can not deal with thousands of people in one day . 
  that is why austria and co including germany needs a fence . 
  also people like orban already have done it and completely stopped the flood . 
  right now refugees are coming in masses because they know that this soon will end . 
  why do you want to waste so much money for that ? 
  there is nothing interesting on the moon anyway . 
  yeah eu and with such a country you are trying to make a deal . 
  than you can ignore these and these countries will not get any eu financial support anymore . 
  but not starting all this because a few countries do not agree with it is wrong . 
  not really . 
  especially if you have children but yes if you want to try it you can try if you get caught you get deported . 
  have fun living in a country like germany without a place to live , children can not go to school etc. 
  no they will also build a fence like they honestly should . 
  what we however need is a eu wide border with eu regulated zones for refugees which then get registered and then transported to a country with free space .
