  especially since the right wing is on the raise in europe which is as dangerous . 
  they need to change the constitution and this is near impossible in this regard . 
  that many people will try it through terrorists acts i have no doubt to be honest . 
  that is why we should not these kind of people in . 
  who thinks that their god stands above the law they need to go and i do not care if they will die there or not, 
  there was a report video on die welt site in which they interviewed a refugee who said a gun was involved . 
  so maybe it is not clear but at the current time i will trust the information of a refugee more than officials . 
  so who knows ... 
  that is also a reason why people are scared of muslims . 
  that is why we need to make this totally clear no matter what . 
  i am pretty sure this is something hardcore christs also want . 
  but this is not how our free world works . 
  religious law should never be higher no matter what . 
  it is not so easy when over a quarter of uk muslims supported the terrorists of the charlie hebdo massacre http://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/nearly-one-in-two-british-muslims-believe-anti-western-preaching-is-in-line-with-mainstream-islam-10068576.html, 
  also to note this was the first accident in which a gun was involved . 
  and this is why we need border control these people have nothing to do here . 
  they are not fleeing from war they just want a better life . 
  she defines what it is at this university . 
  a university with a 2:1 women ratio . 
  and when you as a diversity officer do ban white people especially men to take part in an anti racism rally than there is something terrible wrong here . 
  especially when you mock these people after they complained . 
  as i said i do not care who it is . 
  if you want to live in our country you need to accept and follow our laws and constitution . 
  if you do not you have no place here . 
  jew , muslim , american , austrian whatever . 
  and this is what needs to change . 
  if you treat your women like property if you put mohammed or whoever above our laws and constitution you should have no place here . 
  done . 
  that is all what most people want and this is what our government should do . 
  yeah totally . 
  and let us not forget that she lives with her family in a 500k pound apartment in a very rich area . 
  talk about privilege ... 
  here is the kicker . 
  stuff like this on the other side happens constantly now the other side got hit . 
  and none of it were ok . no one should be arrested for tweets like this . 
  what should have been done is her losing the position of diversity officer month ago . 
  instead they laughed about all the outrage and provoked even more . 
  this is a great response to all of it that many so called social justice warrior should think about . 
  but it is not a matter of sexism which is the main point of this . 
  also just like every men every women is different in this regard as well . 
  modern feminism tries to turn everything in a sexist matter . 
  welcome to modern feminism http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/11780891/air-conditioning-in-your-office-is-sexist.-true-story.html, 
  if you need something to laugh http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/sep/30/sweat-shamed-waited-for-my-coffee-at-starbucks, 
  the only thing that it sends is that they are also not save from censorship of free speech . 
  and i do not think that this will help a all because now she will be used as victim nothing else . 
  it is ridiculous that she is still diversity officer and that is honestly the only thing she should have lost . 
  for me there is a huge difference between women and equality and modern feminism . 
  modern feminism has nothing to do with equality anymore they are as bad as mra . 
  these days i see articles about sweat shaming , and how sexist it is when offices have air con on ... 
  these are no jokes ... 
  i am sorry but i can not take this seriously ... feminism sure . 
  i will fully support it . 
  modern or also tumblr feminism haha no . 
  also i am anti political correctness and censorship . 
  so what if someone says stupid shit on twitter ? 
  ignore it that is what i also do . 
  you are being offended by something ? 
  who cares ? 
  it will not kill you . 
  i go with steve hughes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhmodt3nshs, 
  he is saying this because she is still the diversity officer at her university . 
  the hashtag killallmen is a stupid hastag of feminism . 
  but again would that have been #killallwomen the other side would go against it . 
  that is why we need to stop being so oversensitive ... 
  no we always should make these differences . 
  just like we need to make differences between people who want to live here based on our laws and people who do not respect our laws . 
  yeah these were actual economical refugees not war refugees . 
  so we should not blame them for it ^ ^, 
  yeah this is the biggest wtf in this news . 
  how can this possible be ... its blowing my mind ... 
  no i defend these peoples fears you can not just ignore these fears . 
  as a government you need to eradicate these fears . 
  make clear that everyone is welcome as long they follow our laws and constitution . 
  and if you do not you have no place here . 
  and what do you think should these moderate people do ? 
  why do you think the fp\u00d6 in austria gains so much support right now ? 
  because they are the only ones who reacting to these fears as sad as it is . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  what is going on there is genocide . 
  selection by religion and everything that is not pure muslim . 
  yes it has not yet reached the scale hitler or stalin had but it is terrible enough . 
  each day tons of people are dying . 
  groups like boko haram kill whole towns in days . 
  and i do not fear saudia arabia i fear radicalism i fear people who kill other people for their wrong believes . 
  i fear events like the charlie hebdo massacre . 
  this is not a war against countries yet . 
  this is a war again an ideolgy that needs to be erradicated . 
  the religion and believes of the islam were poisoned by these people and they need to removed not only for the safety of the free world but also to make the islam what it once was and to make a statement that islam should not be feared . 
  but as long these people exist you will not change this . 
  i will never defend the people who threaten other people . 
  but i am saying that there are `` normal '' people in there as well . 
  you can not generalize all of pegida . 
  not this with so many people . 
  and the problem is that politicians do not listen to these people . 
  yeah ... `` hey is and co are basically doing the same shit hitler did all in the name of the islam . 
  but do not worry . 
  the people constantly go against free speech for drawing mohamed and all the people actually agreed with charlie hebdos murder are totally fine . '', 
  just one slice from the uk . 
   over a quarter of british muslims have sympathy for the charlie hebdo terrorists . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/11434695/over-a-quarter-of-british-muslims-have-sympathy-for-the-charlie-hebdo-terrorists.-that-is-far-too-many.html yeah their fear is totally not reasonable ...
