  that is for sure . 
  germany is totally overwhelmed by this and merkel should really admit that we can not handle anymore right now . 
  even sweden did this . 
  really ? 
  there were 1000 people there . 
  the situation was always `` critical '' and they could not do anything ? 
  why were they also drunk ? 
  the incompetent police force is as guilty as our incompetent politicians . 
  they should already have arrest everyone throwing firecracker in the crowds and also using the illegally . 
  but they just watched . 
  and the worst more and more evidence is there that the police also tried to cover up this situation because of fear of racism ... 
  yeah in reality people laughing out loud about our country their politicians and the failure that is merkel . 
  integration has already failed and it will only get worse from now . 
  can not wait till karneval ... whats also shocking is the methods of german media to play this down . 
  especially zdf, 
  these are the facts as of now : - 1000 men were part of it . 
  - right now the police has already 60-80 confirmed reports and victims - 5 arrests - mostly north african and arabic people were involved and under heavy influence of alcohol . 
  which were also known by the police for several criminal acts . 
  - police was totally helpless and it started with some kind of `` war '' with illegal polish firecrackers if you can read german here some more articles including victim reports and some pictures . 
  no you are naive to believe that is working while it is not . 
  furthermore is and co have terror camps all over the world . 
  what we also need to do is to raid everyone of them that is know n to us . 
  this is not something you can win with humanity anymore . 
  and i am sorry to say this but it is sadly the truth . 
  i normally never approve of violence but here there is not just any other way anymore . 
  yeah totally . 
  just look what happened yesterday . 
  we need to make their leaders fucking fear for their lives . 
  they need to want every available soldier near them . 
  they should have no time to recruit and train people outside of islamic countries . 
  they should have no time at all to brainwash children . 
  they should not be able to execute without any resistance people on the streets . 
  they need to fucking fear for their lives 24/7, 
  that is why they need to stay in there . 
  this is not a short term solution and there never will be one . 
  this will take centuries but we need to act . 
  yes and that was an error . 
  now we have to pay for it maybe even more . 
  for example costs of refugees in germany next year is expected to exceed 30 billion euro . 
  and that is only one country . 
  money should not be an issues to fight for freedom and peace . 
  yeah let us not use our high techs and well trained forces and weapons to end this way faster . 
  imagine an invasion of 1 million or more soldiers . 
  how fast do you think this shit will be over ? 
  and then we can rebuild this nation and change their values . 
  again i am not talking here about small range attacks . 
  no it is not working . 
  air strikes will not help at all . 
  you need to invade , you need take down every islamic government . 
  and you need to reinstate democratic ones . 
  and for the most important part you need to stay int there for centuries just like allies did it with germany . 
  what we need to do is not backing out afterwards . 
  that was the biggest mistake the us made with afghanistan . 
  they backed out when nothing was solved . 
  we need to rebuild these countries and yes it will take centuries to do so but we already did this with germany . 
  after it was over allies stayed in germany for a long long time . 
  and we need to do that as well . 
  yeah you are right . 
  let just do nothing . 
  let us just wait until the is and co have taken over even more countries . 
  lets just wait 15 more years until all the children are ready is is now brainwashing to soldiers . 
  lets just do nothing until we all lying death in the streets . 
  we are not dealing with humans we are dealing with absolute monsters . 
  they do not care about education or wealth they only care about destruction of everything they do no agree with . 
  we are not dealing with humans and i will never call these things humans . 
  they are not doing this because of jealousy . 
  and there is no way to talk to them as well . 
  they are training 5 year olds to be brainwashed murder . 
  how long do you want to wait ? 
  until they have a even bigger army ? 
  is boko haram and so on are a threat to humanity and we need to do something about them with every bit of ruthless we still have less . 
  i am sorry but i see no other way around this . 
  bullshit there is a huge problem when for example the verdict for leaving the islam is death . 
  there is a problem when your prophet mohammed was an absolute monster killing thousands of people raiding cities and so on . 
  this is not about social values . 
  this is about people wanting to destroy the believes of western civilization . 
  and yes you wont be shutting it down by eradicating them alone . 
  you need to do much more after that . 
  but as long these people exist in such a powerful way . 
  you can not do anything to change this . 
  no it would not because this will not help . 
  would it have helped to let hitler do as he pleased ? 
  what is happening in these countries is genocide and they are doing this to prepare for battle . 
  to raise whole countries ready for battle . 
  they are raising 5 year olds with automatic rifles . 
  they brainwashed these children to be the warrior of the future . 
  what will happen in 10-15 years when these kids are ready to fight ? 
  these are not people who will just give up like germans did in ww2 . 
  they will fight till they are dead . 
  no retreat no capitulation . 
  i am sorry but there is just no any other way . 
  how do you want to solve this otherwise ? 
  these people do not care about lives . 
  they do not care about social standings . 
  all they want is the death of the western world . 
  what do you want to do with people who took hundreds of people hostage did not want to communicate and just executed people one after another . 
  it did rally the world for a bit but we backed out . 
  something us and co never should have done . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/11434695/over-a-quarter-of-british-muslims-have-sympathy-for-the-charlie-hebdo-terrorists.-that-is-far-too-many.html just one example . 
  or how about http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html or this : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html and no is and co are not doing this because they are jealous .
