  you can not leave so easily and just move to germany and wanting benefits etc. 
  i wish they actually would . 
  what happens there is pure genocide and it needs to be stopped . 
  you can not give such an organisation so much power . 
  but bombing does not help . 
  you need infantry has dangerous it may be . 
  and yes local armies are doing their job in fighting isis . 
  i was more talking about the other part in this world . 
  and honestly i rather take a regime of russia than isis . 
  russia and putin are crazy but not monsters . 
  so who find it kind of ironic that russia is the country who actually is doing something against is and co while the whole world looks away . 
  we should all band together and eradicate the biggest threat to humanity in this world . 
  reminds me a bit of hitler . 
  everyone looked away at first . 
  ah ok thanks never heard of it despite living in d\u00fcsseldorf ^ ^, 
  so like every other human being ^ ^, 
  i am sorry never heard of it . 
  is it big or just a yearly fest ? ^ ^ if so how about the fasching in ganderkesee with over 300k people for a 30k people town each year xd, 
  k\u00f6ln has the karneval bayern the oktoberfest give these people a break to relax ^ ^, 
  that is not true in the case of relgion . 
  take this for example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glt4hvsk4em yes this was 2014 but we already had these kind of acts already this year like suhl where 100 + people wanted to lynch a person for destroying a koran . 
  there were always reports in germany about christian refugee getting threaten by muslim refugees . 
  they are fleeing from war not from the religious oppression . 
  same goes for japan but their laws and policies are pretty bad . 
  canada has a great way to integrate refugees and i wish more countries would do that especially germany . 
  her in germany we almost have 2 completely different societies already . 
  you even have a hidden law system that works under our german constitution and laws . 
  in some cities areas are almost like ghettos already . 
  we have so many problems already with integration that these new 1 million will be a tough number to run . 
  despite all the problems this will cause in our already overcrowded classrooms and universities . 
  some classes have already a 80:20 muslim ratio which is insane to be honest . 
  and even born in germany these children still think way less of a women and even our laws . 
  and this is the problematic part . 
  germany should make clear people who seek help are welcome as long they fully respect our laws and constitution and that no god stands above these . 
  no matter the relgion . 
  who knew ... that is exactly what happens when you rush these immigration . 
  that is why you need checks , and a strict policy and laws for immigration like canada has . 
  this will get really ugly here as soon you will see the first terrorist attack in germany . 
  yeah that is the biggest problem and why i am against such masses . 
  at once . 
  we are talking here about 40-50k a week and it is impossible to check all these people . 
  if it would be controlled i had no problem with it . 
  but 800k to a million in less than 4 month is just insane . 
  we still have refugees that came a year ago and who still try to find a place to live . 
  families with 2 + children currently live in 25m \u00b2 flats . 
  and now imagine all these new refugees try to find a job , a place to live etc. 
  this is destined to fail ... 
  i personally i am not against refugees ut the amount is just to much to properly integrate . 
  furthermore if you want to live in a country one thing should be totally clear and that is that you have to follow the laws and constitution of this country . 
  and no god will ever be above these laws . 
  if you understand this you are welcome here for my part . 
  this already happened quite a month ago when a mob of 100 + people destroyed a refugee home and tried to hang a person because he destroyed a koran in a toilet . 
  police was called and was not match for the mob and at least 14 officers got hurt and the home is destroyed . 
  maybe not in this amount . 
  but hamburg for example has a count of over 100 as of right now . 
  it was in all of germany ... 
  yeah because in the coming weeks there is another huge event here in germany . 
  lets see if you still think this after it . 
  so we are victim blaming now ? 
  great . 
  cologne was not the only city that had to experience this . 
  germany was not the only country to experience this and you seriously think they are lying ? 
  please tell that to a 15 year old teenager who was sexual assaulted in d\u00fcsseldorf on wednesday . 
  reallly ? 
  we have places the police is scared to enter etc. 
  what does it still take for you to wake up ? 
  are you serious ? 
  crime in germany has changed a lot since a year or two . 
  it has become really dangerous not only for women . 
  but now they finally can no cover it up anymore . 
  and maybe now germany is doing something about it . 
  and this is probably still not the end of it . 
  i can not believe how helpless our police was . 
  i do not know if it was because of political correctness and fear of being called nazi or total incompetence . 
  and honestly i do not care . 
  in not even 1 month is carnival here in germany and i am really scared what will happen then ... 
  the problem is that there is no alternative in germany because almost every politician has show a lot of incompetence in this disaster . 
  maybe seehofer but he is only all talk so nothing will change at all . 
  yeah because media and politicians did a really good job calling everyone racist and nazi for having concerns . 
  but i hope this is now over . 
  at least media is reporting the shit out of it right now while politicians rather call all men rapists than being in danger to be called nazi . 
  like roth did for example . 
  they still do not represent us anymore . 
  that is why so many people are upset and angry . 
  that is why shitty groups like pegida getting such a push . 
  have you seen this protest yesterday ? 
  there were like 400 hooligans and nazi but the rest were normal people who even went with these groups because they do not know what to do anymore . 
  companies and even politicians used this to abolish the minimal wage which is currently at 8.50 euro . 
  they clearly wanted to find cheap workers since these wage law should not include refugees . 
  other cities nearing 80 + as well . 
  and then there was some kind of disco in bielefeld which was attacked by like 500 arabic young men . 
  last time it was the radical left who burned down leipzig . 
  both sides are bad and both sides should not be listened too . 
  sadly thing linke and gr\u00fcne are still in our government . 
  our government also does not represent germany people anymore . 
  of course he was . 
  come one germany is a paradise right now . 
  we have no real security measures anymore . 
  refugees are vanishing out of camps and trains and no one has ever seen them again . 
  seriously if there were terrorists under refugees they are certainly in germany .
