  but yeah this would be pretty borderline in my opinion but generalizing does not really help . 
  and slovenia only accepts 2500k refugees per day to travel through the country . 
  \u00c4hm yes ? 
  all these right wing attacks , all these people joining afd and pegida right now do it because they feel the government is not listening to them anymore . 
  many are scared and also upset . 
  as i said over and over again . 
  our politicians playing the lower class against the refugees and this is what happens when you do something stupid like that . 
  more and more aggressive and raise of extremism and right wing attacks . 
  politicians of a country have one very important job and this is to keep balance and to make sure the people believe in their government . 
  this is not the case anymore in germany . 
  wait you are also saying that the flood will end when you close the borders ? 
  who knew ... 
  i really hope austria and especially germany will do the same . . 
  here is the thing . 
  no matter how often you tell teenagers not do do it if they want they will do it anyway . 
  the best you can actual `` control '' it is to accept the fact and to try to bring the boyfriend into the family make him accepted etc. 
  the less they need to hid it the less mistakes they will make . 
  you can not handle teenager like little children what you can do however is to lead them . 
  talk to them about sexuality and sex , help them to prevent pregnancy etc. 
  no matter how carefully you will watch your child they will make mistakes we all do and we learn out of these mistakes . 
  also let us not forget that girls in this age are often way more mature then boys in their 18-20s, 
  this is what the eu thinks about the islam and more and more examples in germany is not helping these issues . 
  maybe the more moderate muslims need to condemn these extremists more . 
  make official statements that they do not represent the islam . 
  this is sadly the norm here with muslims in germany https://youtu.be/kvwaikoatwm?t=164 honestly i do not know how to tackle this . 
  islam has been poisoned and stigmatized by these people maybe it is even time to create a new form of islam . 
  its not hating turkish people but people like erdogan and yes also the islam which you must realize is really scary to people in the free world . 
  if you do not follow the traditional islam not treating your wife or women as property and lower human beings or want to kill homosexuals and trans gender people you are fine ^ ^, 
  so yes austria please close your borders . 
  germany needs your help here . . 
  let me take you back to an uk ad campaign called beachbody . 
  these so called feminists vandalized property , they have threaten and insulted the model for the ad and then there was something like that http://www.itv.com/news/2015-04-28/beach-body-ad-firm-receives-bomb-threat/ a fucking bomb threat because some `` modern feminists '' felt offended by an add . 
  and honestly i can go on with such examples for days and days . 
  another great example would be shirtgate in which a scientest in his greatest moment wore a shirt which his best female friend made for him and he wanted to share his moment with her . 
  the result ? 
  a weeks of bullying and threats until matt talyor apologized crying on tv for wearing a shirt these people found offensive . 
  no they are not misogynistic they are only anti modern feminist which is a huge plus in my opinion . 
  you really should realize how modern feminism has poisoned a once so great movement which archived so much . 
  but thanks to modern feminism not even 20 % will identify as feminists anymore . 
  http://www.vox.com/2015/4/8/8372417/feminist-gender-equality-poll egalitarianism for the win and you my friend should also switch to the winning side of equality for everyone ^ ^, 
  not with a muslim country and not with someone like erdogan . 
  it would be like saying putin in the eu would diminish these problems . 
  this is not how it works if you want to get benefits from our welfare system . 
  some also call her kaiserin merkel . 
  and the sad thing is that we are still not closing our borders . 
  refugees here already have to deal with not human like conditions but hey let keep them coming . 
  until now no one has died because of the cold so we do not care . 
  right now the average application time is 11-15 months . 
  some even have to wait longer . 
  and for a own place to live ? 
  dream on . 
   just like merkels statements got heavily distorted yeah totally . 
  thank you merkel . 
  economical refugees will for sure . 
  the ones really in fear of their life 's will stay . 
  and if you only flee from destruction and still want your `` superior '' religion status you also can stay in turkey . 
  according to our german asylum laws the moment you are on safe country germany has not to take anymore in . 
  so the only time when germany has to accept refugees would theoretically be by air or by sea . 
  if germany and sweden closes their borders . 
  people wills top coming because they only want to sweden or germany in the first place . 
  they will try to migrate until europe is stopping them . 
  many of them already not fleeing from war but think of germany and sweden as the paradise . 
  what we need to do is to stop economical refugees right now . 
  erdogan and turkey have very bad views on human rights and censorship . 
  so basically merkel did make a contract with the devil because of the pressure she is getting in germany . 
  but even this will not help her if she keeps going on like that . 
  thanks to the refugee crisis turkey now has a step into the eu . 
  the problem stated in this article is that muslims born in the uk becoming more and more radical . 
  this is the scary part of all of it . 
  my numbers are all being used by officals , politicans ( not afd or anything ) and what you can read in the media ( again not bild etc ) so no these numbers are not incorrect . 
  they are the numbers experts are using . 
  and just to prove you wrong with one example . 
  sorry i really do not want to correct every mistake or accusation you are doing http://www.augsburger-allgemeine.de/politik/bericht-400-000-neue-fluechtlinge-seit-anfang-september-id35808487.html and yes we do not know the number of double registrations but we also do not know the number of non registered refugees . 
  in sweden for example it is for every refugee there is one unregistered one . 
  at least that was in the article which was posted here a few days ago as well . 
  why do you think this is different in germany ? 
  germany and sweden are basically the only places refugees want to go . 
  they do not care about other countries because of our welfare system and policies regarding refugees . 
  and not only germany is collapsing but also sweden . 
  oh i had several good discussions about such issues but sadly not with the so called `` left '' side . 
  and yes you are also correct that these people should not called left anymore but they are labeling as left . 
  i often call them authoritarian left . 
  who only accept the opinion they have and anything else is racist , sexist and so on . 
  and yes i never had the feeling that you would discount other peoples opinion here is a great article ( opinion piece ) about it . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/mar/11/mainstream-left-silencing-sympathetic-voices i totally understand that it is hard for people like me to understand the things that transgender people have to deal with i also get that the suicide rate is very high in these groups but i also believe that some of it is caused by the bitterness of people to fight everyone who is different . 
  especially through social media it becomes very dangerous to get to involved in all this . 
  i know what i am talking about and how upset and depressed social media can make you . 
  it is really scary to be honest how much influence social media can have on someone ... as for the labeling : yes it can help break the stigma but also cause the opposite really fast really fast . 
  terms and definitions like these for example are not helping . 
  they are not only confusing but making the term transgender as something `` random '' as one out of hundreds . 
  https://lgbt.wisc.edu/documents/trans_and_queer_glossary.pdf also i have seen a lot of people who even would get offended by your lgbt because you should at least add 4 more definitions on it to not offend these people ... also i apologize if this sounds aggressive but english is not my native language so it is hard to formulate everything i think about it into the right words ^ ^, 
  because we are german . 
  according to many people we have to do this or we are nazis . 
  and when someone is doing this we are covering in fear . 
  also look how they celebrated merkel for her words in the beginning without even realizing what she did . 
  charlie hebdo made a great drawing about it . 
  we did not care about refugees but we did celebrate how great we are by doing so . 
  we had articles in the beginning of how great it is and how we are showing the world how much empathy and humanity germany has for doing this . 
  media made europe stand out as a superior being almost like a god . 
  the first week after merkels speech was just ridiculous here .
