  this was for example a huge mistake . 
  worst thing here is that so many people from albania and kosovo are in there . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  that is why our politicians should be crystal clear about who gets in and who not . 
  maybe even jail the people who still try it ... 
  yeah totally . 
  oh wait ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm time to wake up . 
  our integration politics have terribly failed in the past . . 
  nah the second one fits better because they are talking that merkel will handle it . 
  personally i thought it was really funny ^ ^, 
  refugees should not be able to chose in which country they go . 
  we need a european system that registered war refugees at the border which then will be transferred in a european county which has space . 
  if you do not like it in this country you can try to make it on your own but you will only get any form of support in the country you have been transferred to . 
  done . 
  and that would even be easy to do ... that way you will even minimize the huge problem of economical refugees . 
  why ? 
  because it is the biggest issue europe has faced since ww2 . 
  and i am sorry when i am a little concerned about my life and even country i do not like that much . 
  when you hear daily about brawls , rape , weapons , antisemitic accidents etc. 
  i know sweden is already beyond good and evil and frankly i do not want germany to be like sweden . 
  because of laws in germany that forbid it in a very fast manner . 
  and that is one of the biggest issues germany has to face . 
  these people take space for the people who actually need it . 
  that was caused by merkels innvitation, 
  you know what really is sad here ? 
  that the `` zentralrat der juden '' in germany already has warned antisemitic issues . 
  but not from germans but rather from the ones coming in now . 
  and it would be so easy . 
  you get registered at the border . 
  then after filling out this application you get transferred to a country in europe where you actually get help . 
  if you still want to live elsewhere your are free to try it but you will only get support in any way ( mental , financial etc. ), 
  in the country you have been transferred to . 
  done . 
  actually illegal immigration is a crime . 
  i personally think he is right . 
  you should apply for asylum in europe and not your dream destination . 
  everywhere in europe it is safe . 
  this is not a make our wish foundation . 
  you should apply for european asylum and then you will be transfered into one country which actually has space . 
  no believing that is not . 
  killing or threaten because you believe is is extreme . 
  that is the problem yes but somehow we need to control this . 
  it is not a conspiracy that the islam also have a huge amount of followers who share radical views . 
  i welcome every war refugee who is accepting these rules muslim or not . 
  but this is something i personally demand from them and as a war refugee you should be make compromises as well . 
  first of all enemies ? 
  this is not a war my friend . 
  the notion alone is ridiculous as well as the motion that mocking up is cool but mocking down is not . 
  either way go all out for censorship or not . 
  but this kind of double moral is just ridiculous . 
  just like the argument that reverse racism is not existing . 
  of course it does not exist . 
  it is still called racism nothing else . 
  same goes by the way also for sexism . 
  i do support egalitarianism and when you think this is just some mra bullshit i can not help you . 
  and honestly i do not whine i rather laugh about `` tumblr '' feminists like you . 
  do you know why only 18 % of american people even support feminism these days ? 
  and why it is getting less and less each year ? 
  because of people like you . 
  so congratulations ( ? ), 
  for destroying a movement that did back than so much for equality ... 
  yes i would send them back . 
  if they really would flee from war they would accept these really easy conditions . 
  they are not something ridiculous . 
  they are just simple rules based on equality and freedom . 
  if they can not accept these they have no place in the `` paradise '' as they would call it . 
  if they want to keep their religious superiority and oppress others then honestly fuck them . 
  no we are not because i will never sympathize with monster and non human beings . 
  for all i care we need to get rid of extremists that justify killing innocent people with their god because they feel insulted . 
  honestly i would take a dump on mohamed pictures and i do not care if you feel insulted by it . 
  deal with it like a human being would . 
  mohamed himself was an absolute monster . 
  hitler comparisons are not far of here . 
  and if such person is your god and savior then there is something really wrong with you . 
  yeah and i also can sympathize with hitler because he had a reason to kill all these jews ... do you even realize what you are saying ? 
  yes the world is not black and white however there is a difference here . 
  when you are so butt hurt about people making fun of you so called god you are a fucking child . 
  no even a child is smarter then these extremists . 
  i can and will never tolerate any murder . 
  i do no care if you had a bad childhood . 
  that is no excuse . 
  many people do have a very bad childhood or are being oppressed but they do not kill people because of it . 
  i know the reason and i also understand why they did it but i will never sympathize with them . 
  understanding their reasoning is not the same as showing sympathy . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  just no . 
  you can not have sympathy with brutal murders . 
  they went in there and fucking killed 12 people for a lousy drawing of their fucking god !!, 
  no just no ... and for 9/11 bullshit i can not even describe or explain how a human being can sympathize with these terrorists which killed over 3000 people . 
  honestly i am done . 
  please never ever talk to me again . 
  seriously she is not an ethnic minority women in europe she is a turk and one of the rich ones . 
  she does not face any form of discrimination . 
  she is just a racist and sexist person who believes in anarchists for communism . 
  seriously stop defending such a person especially as diversity officer . 
  again after the complains she mocked everyone complaining . 
  does she deserve jail no ? 
  but she needs to lose her position no matter what . 
  i do not agree with that to be honest . 
  i will certainly see more terror acts and violence but it is insane to believe that this will lead to a change .
