  more than 40 % of domestic violence victims are male . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/society/2010/sep/05/men-victims-domestic-violence this is no gender matter it is a matter and issue that can happen to everyone men and women . 
  this is not a oppression or victim olympic . 
  every victim male or female is a loser . 
  however : there are more and more cases in which terrible women are using this kind of power to get revenge or gain power . 
  they are using actual rape and sexual assault victims as their tools to gain something . 
  and we need to stop this . 
  i posted another article how 8 out of 10 rape claims in a city called rostock are actually wrong . 
  it has become a huge problem and only insults actually victims . 
  and that by the way is 80 % of falsely accused men and not only a few like you said . 
  so all i want is to think about it . 
  all i want is not listen to lies and not be scared of the other gender because of some myths . 
  and no women should not stop fighting for their rights . 
  but modern feminism needs to stop spreading lies and scare women with it . 
  i see you re angry but especially about the fear of being raped on the streets . 
  let us put aside the terrible 1 out of 5 women gets raped myth which by the way would be even higher than in african war zones in which rapes is used as a weapon . 
  approximately 4/5 of rapes were committed by someone known to the victim . 
  82 % of sexual assaults were perpetrated by a non-stranger 47 % of rapists are a friend or acquaintance . 
  25 % are an intimate . 
  5 % are a relative . 
  https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/sexual-assault-offenders so why are you scared again talking to strange people ? 
  and again this has nothing to do with actual sexual harassment but how some women use it to gain superiority and power or just take revenge . 
  your life is completely destroyed with such a claim even your are innocent . 
  in terms of rape and sexual harassment you are guilty until proven innocent and even then you are still guilty . 
  this is nothing rellay related to work but also fits this description in the article . 
  since you are german you can also read it . 
  `` rostock : 8 out of 10 rape claims are wrong . '', 
  you can ruin the career and life of the person even with the claim alone and it will stigmatize them for the rest of their life 's even if its proven wrong . . 
  it is used by some women as a tool to gain power and it is a really disturbing trend to be honest . 
  also let us not forget the damage they do to actual rape and sexual harassment victims . 
  blatter is like any other dictator . 
  he does not want to lose the power he has . 
  still he will lose it if he wants it or not . 
  these demands from coca cola and mcdonald as well countless other people in the organisation can not be ignored anymore . 
  we in germany call the genocide of jews racism . 
  and they are no race . 
  it is really not as easy as that . 
  this said i will never acknowledge satire or even jokes as racism . 
  racism for me is an act of violence a pledge of superiority of races or in this case religion . 
  i tell stupid jokes all the time about everyone . 
  i use the n word with my friends , call myself and other nazi , make hitler jokes etc. 
  but in the end i am respectful to everyone . 
  and of course i would never say such things to people i do not know . 
  i as a european or german in this regard do not see race . 
  i do not care if you are black , asian , muslim , jew or christ . 
  i threat everyone the same regardless how many jokes i make . 
  jokes and especially satire should have no line you can cross everything should be fair game regarding groups but not about single persons who are not famous . 
  if you do not like it ignore it . 
  no but universities change drastically in a very extreme view and it is becoming more dangerous . 
  universities today are full of censorship . 
  they are not the place anymore they were and supposed to be . 
  take for example oxford . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/student/no-offence-magazine-banned-by-oxford-university-students-union-because-it-may-cause-offence-a6674311.html universities should never be the place to hide from opinions or ideas . 
  it should never be a place to feel safe from different opinions . 
  it should challenge students to think and to discuss . 
  sadly this is not the case anymore in many universities . 
  and if these kind of people become the leaders from tomorrow i actually fear for the whole world . 
  sadly this is only available in german but it is the best dialog i have seen about this topic . 
  basically he is talking about a lot of issues the islam has and is also talking about the cause of it . 
  it is a long interview 35:50 minutes but if you understand german i really would recommend to watch this . 
  oh i would never do this . 
  i hate generalizations in general . 
  every refugee is different and everyone who is actually fleeing from war deserves a chance . 
  but we need to punish the other ones as fast as possible . 
  because if we actually do the opinion in the general public will stay calm . 
  right now it is getting heated more and more . 
  there is no wonder the right wings gains more and more popularity because of it . 
  deport everyone involved yes . 
  and we have videos of at least 40 people . 
  and yes we are not such a country but we need to change this . 
  we need stricter policies regarding this . 
  we need to make sure people we take are not a danger for your country and the people living in it . 
  and i am sorry when you are fleeing from a war zone and still attack people because of their religion or origin . 
  you are just fleeing from bombs and not from your own religious superiority . 
  these kind of people do not flee from isis . 
  oh yeah suhl the people who wanted to lynch people ... you even have phone videos on youtube about this . 
  how many of these 100 were arrested ? 
  yeah that will show these other 100 people ... 
  so how many of these i think in leipzig were 400 people should we punish ? 
  what should we do with them ? 
  i am sorry but everyone who is fighting with weapons and in these kind of situations should be deported . 
  we need hard rules to make people understand that they should not do this at all . 
  this is not the country you can do something like this . 
  we already have tons of reports of christian refugee not being able to use the kitchens . 
  we have reports of people being threaten and mobbed because of their religion in these camps . 
  also they used hand made weapons . 
  it was a planned attack . 
  the police even found hidden weapon in these camps . 
  i am sorry but how naive can you be ? 
  yes there are situations which lead to a fight . 
  but not like this . 
  this is the difference in culture . 
  if something happens these kind of people will band together and fight and this is wrong . 
  and we do not need these kind of barbaric people . 
  deport them and get actual refugees who want actual help . 
  really ? 
  they fight because of their origin or different religion . 
  the same thing that happens in their own country and you try to defend these people ? 
  i am sorry but there are tons of people who are devastaed there are tons of refugees in this kind of condition but they do not start a fucking brawl with weapons because you are from some other country or have another religion . 
  these people do not deserve the spots they are taking from refugees who actually want to live in germany and who want to be part of our culture .
