  it is competition for them . 
  right now we are outplaying the poor against the refugees of course this will not go well . 
  racism is often created through financial crisis . 
  this was also the reason hitler had such a huge success back then . 
  rich or wealthy people will not see a difference in their life right away . 
  the poor however will . 
  but we also failed to integrate there as well . 
  we clearly have subcultures in germany . 
  cultures or society who have their own hidden law system . 
  when muslim children who were born in germany still believe that a women for example is something they own and has not the same rights then i have to say we have failed . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm this we will be fine mentality is really not helping in this case ... 
  many of them do not flee because of the religious oppression . 
  they love their religion and superiority . 
  they are fleeing from war . 
  as evidence you already can see the almost daily conflicts in these camps about religious aspect . 
  how christian refugees are threaten in these camps , how they are denied access to places like kitchen etc. 
  and then you have something like suhl in which a mob of 100 + people wanted to lynch a person because he destroyed a koran . 
  and these are the people we never should let n our country . 
  these are the people that should be deported on the spot . 
  to show that this kind of behavior has no place in our society . 
  i do not know what kind of people your friends are but polls and opinion surveys show exactly the opposite . 
  from die welt today . 
  and this will get worse and worse each month until the borders are closed . 
  the worst thing we now have to face are still years away . 
  this is just the beginning . 
  we have to face thanks to merkel . 
  not all of them but most of them yes . 
  they will certainly not vote for merkel anymore that is for sure . 
  she is done in germany . 
  but it is also not only immigration that is troubling germany for years now and now one were listening . 
  suddenly we have tons of money to spend for things like education , affordable living space etc. 
  this is another point why people now getting upset . 
  they did gather these people before but it died because of the leadership change etc. 
  how many demos in different cities with thousands of people did we had let us say 10 months ago ? 
  pegida was almost dead . 
  now they are coming back and the reason for it just like any right wing raise in europe is the incompetence of the left or conservative side . 
  many npd or afd voter are also frust voters because they are so upset with the other groups . 
  yeah that is another point the first month or so all the media did show were dying children and they praised how good hear ted we people are . 
  i think charlie hebdo 's drawing shows this exactly . 
  http://www.mintpressnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/charlie-hebdo-migrants-water.jpg http://i.imgur.com/rfypd6h.png this is how it was and hoenstly it was disgusting . 
  when you said something more critical about the situation you were told : '' but think of all the dead children . 
  are you a monster ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09vqhzv6jt8 and people wonder about angry comments in these kind of articles ... 
  yes they are stereotypes however if a religion like muslim or better terrorist doing their deeds in the name of mohammed . 
  if you hear about is every day . 
  if you hear about stuff like charlie hebdo constantly , then you can not just show aside your fears . 
  even if 95 % of the refugees coming to germany are fine these 5 % are that scares the people and this has nothing to do with racism . 
  the islam has so many points that do not mix with our culture that people who like freedom and equality are scared that this will change . 
  germany already had a miserable integration politic now it will most likely even get worse . 
  today the right wing gets more and more power in europe because the left seems absolutely incompetent . 
  this is what giving them such a huge boost right now . 
  people are fed up with the the incompetence of these people . 
  another aspect would be how your politicians react to all of this . 
  now is the time to spend money on it . 
  we have so many problems for years now especially in terms of education and overcrowded classrooms but suddenly it is ok to spend so much money for education and hire tons of new teachers ? ... 
  of course people feel upset about it . 
  as for hitler : i think you need to look up history a bit more . 
  they voted for hitler in a time of financial crisis . 
  they voted for him because he has not only promised a change but also has shown this . 
  hitler was a fantastic manipulator no matter what kind of monster he was . 
  racism like this is often born when people facing a financial crisis and hitler used this fact . 
  i will not deny that many of them are nazis . 
  but there are also a lot of other people mixed in there . 
  if you really believe that all these 10k people last time were nazis then i do not know what to say . 
  and this is what happens when you do what merkel did . 
  pegida was almost done but now they get more and more people joining them . 
  and these people are not even right wing they are really just unsure and scared while merkel goes all around the world instead of staying at home and solve the problem we have and face . 
  we are hitting now 100k a week . 
  and at least 50 % of them are not even from war zones . 
  this is what fucks everything up . 
  because no one really cares what sweden has to say . 
  also sweden did not speak for europe . 
  because of merkels invitation which did not only invite war refugees but also tons of economical refugee that are now hoping to get in as well . 
  kaiserin merkel spoke for europe but no one even wanted this in the first place . 
  no but she is also not answering to critic but just tries to go her own way . 
  and the worst part is that she right now is traveling through the world instead of staying and trying to solve this huge problem we are facing . 
  i am pretty sure if this goes on . 
  she will not be kanzerlin by the end of 2016 anymore . 
  no of course not but the believe that men are predators and danger to all is some radical ideological believe . 
  we live in a society today in which a men is guilty until proven innocent . 
  especially regarding sexual crimes . 
  when people call the police just because they see a man alone with children then there is something really wrong here . 
  no my parents are not stupid now would they ever think like that . 
  no it is a thing all around the world . 
  uk , australia , germany etc. 
  i do not know about portugal though . 
  many parents themselves do not feel comfortable with a male teacher for such small children ... 
  there is also huge discrimination going on . 
  for example for many people it would be a high risk because thanks to some ideologies men could always be pedophile and harm the kids . 
  there are even schools in which men are not allowed to be alone with children . . 
  because they just need to claim they will be murdered in their own country and they can stay for i think at least 2 years . 
  if you are an an immigrant and a criminal you can not be deported, 
  even cdu and csu are revolting now against merkel . 
  so not everything is lost . 
  and the gr\u00fcnen and linken are a joke anyway . 
  i still hope that the pressure of merkel is getting so big next year that she has to resign and unless she is not doing a sepp blatter she has to . 
  they will go against anyone who is against the assad regime that is for sure . 
  but if it murdering isis i have honestly no problems with it . 
  yeah and this is why it is insane to take in so many people at once . 
  you will not avoid ghettoization and you will not be able o avoid that they will have their own sub culture no matter how hard you try .
