  if you can not behave get the fuck out . 
  that should be the general message . 
  also we are not talking here about a little brawl . 
  we are talking here about a mass brawl with 100 + people with weapons . 
  this is no small matter . 
  how can you defend this with a straight face ? 
  how many of these did we have in the last month ? 
  who said that ? 
  but you need to breath some reality . 
  people are assholes , humanity are assholes and i am sorry but wishful thinking and good thoughts will not help in such a situation . 
  just like it is impossible to accept everyone . 
  we will face so many and such huge problems because of what merkel has promised that this is just the beginning . 
  i am talking here about more violence for sure . 
  from both sides . 
  i am talking about even more overcrowded schools and universities . 
  i am talking about huge problems on the house and job market . 
  and the people who fight for it are poor people and these refugees . 
  this also will steer more and more people to the right side if you want it or not . 
  it will be hectic . 
  it will be probably sometimes dangerous and scary but we still need to act today and not let people get a pass for such behavior . 
  we already failed back then with immigration . 
  we are living separated and not immigrated already . 
  it is time to wake up and sort the bad people out as soon as possible while giving everyone else a life they deserve and want . 
  very anti merkel and anti refugees . 
  they are saying if you think like that and still put your religion over it while fleeing from war you have no place in germany . 
  that is the majority of people in the comments . 
  i really want to live in your dream world full of ponies and rainbows . 
  seriously these kind of people did flee from bombs and destruction but not from their religious superiority and from oppressing the others . 
  having christians threaten in refugee homes by other refugees is not only disgusting but also very dangerous . 
  and honestly i do not care where these kind of people go . 
  they have no place in germany or for as much i want it in europe . 
  these people do not deserve to be integrated in our country . 
  so no there is no responsible choice there is only a right choice and this choice is to deport these kind of people as far as possible . 
  so what would you do ? 
  be silent about it ? 
  ignore it ? 
  until when ? 
  until it is too late ? 
  until it is all over social media like twitter and facebook and full of inaccurate information and lies ? 
  we need to act now and we need to act fast . 
  these kind of things will get out no matter what . 
  media needs to report on it accurately . 
  how can you still believe this ? 
  instrumentalized ? 
  these things happen and they should not happen . 
  and we need to filter these kind of people out . 
  if they are not willing to accept our grundgesetz they they should have no place here . 
  are these people the majority ? 
  no they are not but they exist and they are causing more and more problems . 
  not only for germany but also for all these people who actually want to live here and who are happy to be able to . 
  we need the cold blooded truth . 
  if you put your god above our laws and standards regarding freedom and equality . 
  you should get the fuck out of here . 
  because you are not welcome here . 
  its already happening . 
  everything these days is sexist , racist or some other shit . 
  people throw these words around like free candy ... 
  people use it to shut people up . 
  for example if a school teacher is talking to an immigrant family about their sons behavior and morals in germany these kind of parents will call this teacher a nazi to eliminate every possibility of a discussion about their religion and how it is wrong . 
  no you normally just have single appointments in germany . 
  and this was such a thing . 
  it was a special appointment because they needed a space to live and she wanted to help . 
  no that is how the internet works . 
  not only in germany . 
  you get death threats and being harshly insulted for many things . 
  its the outrage culture and it is really disgusting . 
  die welt was really positive a week ago but now they can not hide these news anymore . 
  that is the problem . 
  the situation is drastically changing here in germany . 
  die welt is not a clickbait site like gawkier , fox and co. 
  are you kidding . 
  we are talking here about people who would kill homosexuals . 
  i do not even want to know what they want to do with transsexuals . 
  basically a refugee family called a broker about a new living space . 
  she wanted to help and arranged a meeting so they can visit the place . 
  when she arrived things got strange really fast . 
  they did not shake her hand and the one who spoke a little bit german said to her that they do not negotiate with a women . 
  he also said that she looked the men in the eyes which is said to be rude etc. 
  as they did not get a man showing them the space . 
  they refused and went off . 
  later when she told her story on facebook . 
  people called her `` nazi whore '' and she even got death threats via phone . 
  the people who insulted her ofc were german ... that is the gist of it . 
  that is why so many people were saying that merkels invitation was ridiculous . 
  they have not thought about it at all . 
  every `` hauptsch\u00fcler '' would have been smarter than this bunch . 
  you also need to force it to them that is for sure . 
  but with this they get a glimpse of an requirement to stay in this country . 
  if they are willingly your harmen without force or oppression than yes you can . 
  that is the difference . 
  you are allowed to do such a thing in germany as long it is consent of all people involved . 
  that is why it should be a requirement to stay here . 
  that is why they need also to force it to them . 
  they need to understand that if you want to live in this country which is safe and can give you a future you have to obey these things . 
  there is no excuse , no arguing . 
  yes or no !!, 
  yes we have these sub societies and this is a huge problem when they already have a own law system that is handled behind our backs . 
  muslims need to accept our laws and constitution and not of their religion . 
  we are only talking here about the first 19/20 articles which are like 2 pages . 
  they are not difficult to understand and very basic ... https://www.bundestag.de/bundestag/aufgaben/rechtsgrundlagen/grundgesetz/gg_01/245122,
