  my 15 year old cousin also has a 21 year old boyfriend and right now he is part of our family because they clearly love each other . 
  in countries like the us it would be called a crime even if the one of them were 17 and one of them 18 . 
  you would get on the sex offender list just for that there . 
  they will not come if we make it clear that this is not going to work anymore . 
  also personally i think they are real assholes for coming now taking space and money that could be used for people who know need really help because they would get fucking murdered if they would stay in their country . 
  also they are lying about their own origin just to get in here . 
  so yeah i am sorry but we need to stop economical refugees from coming and we need to make clear that even war refugees are not entitled to chose their destination . 
  if i personally would flee from war i would be happy in any european country because it is already 1000 times better than the place which i had to fear for my life every hour . 
  these are the numbers for germany alone . 
  for example . 
  we have already to deal with over 300k new children since actually a huge amount of refugees are parent less children . . 
  teach unions already hav said that we need 30k new teachers alone . 
  we need new schools , houses , than welfare benefits . 
  language courses and so on . 
  we are dealing with tons of people who are traumatized . 
  current statistic say over 60 % of syrians are traumatized . 
  and these numbers are yearly costs . 
  2 months ago german politicians calculated with 10 billion . 
  now we are already at 30-40 billion for germany alone . 
  but we have to right now ... that is the biggest problem we are facing . 
  thanks to merkels invitation everyone poor tries to get into europe right now and this is not reasonable as cold as it sounds . 
  the reason why i compare it with these cases is to make a point . 
  back then transsexuality was claimed as a mental illness . 
  many people thought and even still think you sick when you are homosexual . 
  but these views have changed over the time and so should the views of pedophilia in my opinion . 
  especially why you can not chose to be or not to be pedophile . 
  in all of history hetero sexuality was never stigmatized like homosexuality or transsexuality was an is . 
  ps : i really hate the term cisgender because it is mostly used in such a negative and derogatory term these days ... 
  yeah ... 
  same goes for rape as well . 
  there are statistics and survey that show that most people have these kind of fantasies . 
  59 % alone are women . 
  we need to learn how to differentiate between fantasy and reality . 
  everyone has fetishes and sexual fantasies that are still frown upon in our society and which will label you as sick and even criminal ... 
  the problem we are facing now is that refugees only want germany or sweden . 
  they do not want anything else . 
  if we make clear that there is a ratio and they can not get in than certainly not as many people as now want to come here . 
  also we are right now talking abut yearly costs of 30 billion euro . 
  some even talking about 45 billion per year . 
  no matter how rich your country is no one can handle this . 
  and do not forget the waiting time right now for getting asylum here in germany is 11-15 min months before that for example you can not even work legally . 
  what we need is a border fence around europe with eu camps near the borders who control and register refugees which then get transferred to any country which has space . 
  this will certainly stop economical refugees . 
  statistics have shown that approximately 50 % of applications in germany are from countries who are declared safe and who will not get asylum anyway . 
  but they still come here and we have to deal with them for up to 6 months . 
  yeah just like homosexuality or transsexual it is not something you chose . 
  as long you are not acting on it you should not be demonized for it . 
  especially stuff like hentai is giving them a chance to act out their sexuality without endangering anyone . 
  it would be way more problematic to suppress this urge and then do something really bad because of it . 
  our far left chef gregor gysi has defended left wing extremism and radicalism this yeah when a big left riot took place in frankfurt this year . 
  he basically said that these form of extremism is different from right wing extremism because they attack the rich and upper class so it is ok . 
  no but they actually should listen to the people and experts ... just today the german police union has demanded that germany builds a border fence to get things under control again . 
  http://www.all-in.de/nachrichten/deutschland_welt/politik/polizeigewerkschaft-fordert-zaun-an-deutscher-grenze;art15808,2101434 our politicians are not acting on behalf of the people living in the country anymore and this is a big problem . 
  if its real child porn yes . 
  because this was filmed and children were abused . 
  however i would never count child porn fantasy like many japanese porn movies or stuff like drawn child molesting . 
  i see it more as a way to actually live out their sexual preference instead of suppressing the urge long enough until it bursts . 
  it is something you do not chose just like being homosexual or transsexual and as long you do not harm children it should not be counted as crime or way to accuse people . 
  that is the problem we have no one but we can not let merkel go on . 
  seehofer has nice plans to be honest but he is mostly talk nothing else . 
  experts already talking about 30 billion euro yearly costs to handle this and this will not be possible without tax raises up to 6 % . 
  some expert even saying 45 billion euro per year ... merkel needs to go and that very fast . 
  we can not wait anymore till the next elections . 
  she is now even making deals with a monster like erdogan ... 
  right wing extreme does not mean pegida . 
  yes you need some potential but you also being pressured into all of this . 
  again this is not excusable in any form but we need to find the reason for it . 
  and in the current situation this will not be the last because scared people become also more and more extreme . 
  are you seriously believing this ? 
  there are millions of people who want to work but can not find a job . 
  they want to get better in life but can not due to lack of support of the state . 
  single people already have to give 50 % of what they earn for taxes , they need to pay rent , high energy costs , etc. 
  you do not have much money even with a decent job these days . 
  yeah totally . 
  lets see they fight because they have different origins . 
  the discriminate syrian christians by threats , denying them access to kitchens etc. 
  so yes it has also to do with racism and religious discrimination . 
  if you are christs a women or even a child you will have a horrible time in these camps . 
  and now guess why . 
  no but they should at least show both sides . 
  for example the police in hamburg alone had this year over 1000 emergency calls at refugee homes , for violence , criminal acts etc. 
  this is one city . 
  it is always bad to report so one sided on something . 
  i will never defend these right wing attacks however we have a huge problem with violence and rape of women and children in these shelters . 
  we have a huge discussion about how much the police if ordered to not even report . 
  hamburgs police alone had over 1000 emergencies . 
  accidents like suhl did costs over 200k alone and so on . 
  so if we mention right wing attacks like arson we also should mentioning this . 
  also the attack today just shows my argument that we are playing here lower classes like the attack who was unemployed for several years already against refugees . 
  and reports about increasing violence in these shelter is not helping this . 
  you can not have sympathy with these kind of actions . 
  sympathy means also they approve of it and the message that western media should not draw or criticize mohahmed or the islam . 
  here is one report about the islam which starts with a teacher who asked for help because teenagers in her class approved of these attacks . 
  teenager born in germany . 
  teenager who think that women are property etc. 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm as for the uk : we already over 40 % of the younger generation wants uk to change their law system to the sharia . 
  these are 40 % 40 % alone which can win elections ... 
  this is highly dangerous . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html also there is a huge difference between an attack and a god damn massacre with assault rifles and even grenades . 
  and even then higher catholics will never justify these attacks or even have sympathy with them .
