  yeah and that was enough to execute 100 people one after another ... https://twitter.com/afp/status/665321462442528768, 
  no but is and co has become so big that they can carry out these things in the open . 
  this is what should never happen . 
  they basically control countries ... 
  we only had a helping role . 
  germany did not allow to participate in the war . 
  they did security and aid measures . 
  i do not know about poland though . 
  obama is the one who is right . 
  we need to fucking end this and we can not end this anymore with talking or good faith . 
  we need to stand together to fight this insanity . 
  in these countries we are talking about genocides are happening . 
  every day people get executed in the name of mohamed or some other bullshit . 
  it needs to end . 
  i wonder if you will laugh when we see something similar in sweden in the next weeks or months . 
  this uncontrolled chaos is the best time for more attacks . 
   around 100 dead in attack on paris concert venue : police https://twitter.com/afp/status/665321462442528768 omg . 
  they executed these people like it was nothing ... 
  9/11 said otherwise . 
  who else actually participated in these wars except uk and us ? 
  not my country for sure . 
  we only do humanity work there . 
  yeah these will be terrible weeks . 
  i honestly fear something will also happen in germany and other countries in europe ... 
  this is probably just the beginning ... 
  yes christianity was used for wars a lot in the past . 
  however there is a huge difference in both religions . 
  as i said before the verdict for a person who wants not to be muslim anymore is death . 
  and many muslims approve this for example . 
  christianity has a total different message and prophets these people used for their `` crimes '' with islam their prophet was a mass murderer . 
  i am talking about mohammed who was an absolute monster and compared to jesus he was a real person . 
  i am not talking about is alone . 
  i am talking about every islamic state . 
  every dictator in these countries and every country that uses the islam as their law system . 
  and yes it is not a problem you can solve soon but it is also has become a problem you can not solve anymore with diplomatic oppositions . 
  no i am talking about countries which have wars and conflicts in their own countries not terrorist danger . 
  and no they are not lying around . 
  they are provoking and initiating these conflicts . 
  do you for example think that assad is a good leader ? 
  and i am talking about islamic states which are there like 50 + ones . 
  all these states have conflicts and their are all based on their religion and the conflict with other religions . 
  it should not only be france but every free country in the whole wide word . 
  only than you can make a difference . 
  one country alone wont be able to do much . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  being critical of islam is not right wing . 
  being critical of is and saying this is enough is not right wing . 
  it is a sign that it is enough and we as the free world need to act . 
  yes . 
  it is state of emergency they closed the borders . 
  also do you really have no decency to just go out and look for fun ? 
  religion is the most important reason here . 
  and we need to change this even with force . 
  in fact almost every conflict in this world is because of the islam or conflicts with it . 
  only exception are the drug wars in mexico . 
  you are missing a very important fact here . 
  islam in general is a very controversial religion with has total different values . 
  their god is a person who can be compared with hitler . 
  who caused genocides , conquered and massacred cities and so on . 
  and no not all of them are terrorists . 
  in fact not many of them . 
  but these people are being encouraged in their religion . 
  for example if you want out of the islam your verdict is death and many muslims believe this . 
  i really really hope this is the last straw and the world will finally wake up and fight against these people with everything they have to eradicate is and co of this world ... 
  there is just no way anymore that words will help . 
  time to talk needs to be over and every country in the free world needs to take part in it ... 
  imagine tons of immigrants crossing borders , seeking asylum do you really think it is so easy to control all this without borders ? 
  i am pretty sure they totally used this chaos to their advantage . 
  she is not on machines . 
  she has a strong heart but she can not do anything anymore except eating . 
  and she is not even in a hospital but my parents and my aunt are taking care of her . 
  when she still could talk she cried and wanted to die but doctors could not do anything at all . 
  the only thing we can do is not calling for a doctor or ambulance in case of some emergency . 
  if we call one she will be put on machines ... and vollmacht has another aunt who stole over 100k from her bank account over the years . 
  we are totally fucked . 
  yes it exist but if a person is already not in the `` right mental '' state anymore . 
  you can not consent to it anymore . 
  this is what happened in my family . 
  some of her children refused this and now she is fucked while these children abandoned her completely and now just waiting for the money to roll in after her death ... 
  doctors can not do that either . 
  my grandmother is lying in a kind of delirium for over 5 years now . 
  when she still could speak she wanted to die but doctors and co told us over and over again that they can not do anything at all . 
  the only thing we can do is not to call any ambulance or doctor for some emergency . 
  otherwise there is no way she can die . 
  for people who will die of cancer etc we had some sort of euthanize clubs which helped these people to die . 
  no they can not even do this anymore because from now on they are illegal . 
  try to find a house , try to even find work right now as someone who does not even speak german in the first place . 
  no they will not have it easy here . 
  but instead they are already in some stupid tent camps waiting . 
  this should not have happened . 
  exactly and this is why merkel and even germany needs to take responsibility regarding the eu . 
  in the last months merkel has broken so many eu laws that any other country would already be out of the eu ... 
  no it would be much easier . 
  just make sure that they have every right to go to germany but the will not get one euro or any other form of support refugees would get . 
  but this has also more to do with money and wealth in general . 
  but in korea they are real stars even though they do not earn as much money, 
  great argumentation here . 
  sorry that i am for anti censorship . 
  and no we should not ignore bad treatment of women and children in christian countries but in the eu it is not something that has a huge percentage . 
  here we deal with people that have it deep in their cultures which is a huge problem .
