  yes . 
  other people explained it and i do n't feel like explaining . 
  i would love to see what kind of experience you have of the arab world . 
  iraq , not irak, 
  western imperialism tends to do that . 
  partly . 
  the government is sunni , and the houthis are shia . 
  saudi arabia supports the government while iran supports the houthis . 
  usa fund saudi arabia against iran and russia funds iran against saudi arabia . 
  it 's a proxy war within a proxy war . 
  i did blur the clouds , but i hand drew the flag completely . 
  it took some time , but i assure you it was natural . 
  if you look closely , you 'll see that it 's different than the actual flag . 
  lol it was a joke dude calm down . 
  idk really that 's just how i see it . 
  i feel very bad for you guys :(, 
  i hope the best for you !, 
  or isis, 
  in iraqi we pronounce with both \u0642 and g. \u0642\u0627\u0639\u062f is pronounced ga\u0639d and \u062d\u0644\u0642\u0629 is pronounced halqa . 
  baghdadi_guy is the christian saddam hussain . 
  pm of iraq . 
  suspend all urban planning and the contract with bp, 
  open an all iraqi oil company do that all the money goes straight to the government . 
  i would then focus all our money on infrastructure , and military . 
  beat the \u062e\u0631\u0629 out of isis . 
  once i have control over all of iraq 's borders , i would then focus more on infrastructure and military , while also investing a significant amount in un programs , city building , and the tourism industry . 
  after a few months , i would push into syria and take over bashar , isis and the fsa as all of them are ineffective . 
  once i have complete control over syria , i would invest heavily in their infrastructure . 
  after a couple months , i would poll the syrians if they want independence or not ( let 's say they want to stay in the union ) . 
  change flag and name to the `` arab republic '' . 
  i would do the same thing i did to syria to yemen , libya , somalia and djibouti . 
  build infrastructure and tourism industries in all these countries . 
  raise military a bit more . 
  march into palestine and bring it to the un borders ( at this time , our military would be very powerful ) . 
  break the gaza blockade and take jerusalem . 
  build tourism in \u0627\u0644\u0642\u062f\u0633 and market it as the holy city . 
  form a union with other arab countries so that we can be like the eu . 
  develop nuclear weapons . 
  be , along with other arab countries , major leaders of the world . 
  die a happy man, 
  a lot, 
  you are such a westernized kurd you suck so much i hate your view you are so wrong i am always right for i am myslef i know who i am go away kurd no one likes you #teamarab #iraqipride, 
  edit : no / u/hashtag _ taha 's :(, 
  edit2 : changed the comment, 
  arabic, 
  i think it 's flair based, 
  shutup you westernized piece of shit !, 
  iraq is my homeland , i will forever be iraqi araba fuck yeah all colors !, 
  fuck you kurdish zionist piece of shit !, 
  where do israeli babies come from and why is it from kurdish zionist hell ? 
  shut up you zionist scum fucking westernised piece of shit . 
  i hope you die in a fire of death . 
  ( it 's a joke , i do n't really know anything about him so i am copying his latest comments from / r/syriancivilwar , no offense to the guy though , pretty sure he 's awesome ), 
  it feels western, 
  we 're beating the weeaboos again !, 
  i have a lot of hope in this guy !, 
  hope he pulls us out of the hell we 're in . 
  anime baes, 
  props to you too on moderating and keeping this sub fun, 
  fylow is a grill ? 
  i always thought it was `` figh-low '', 
  because : reddit . 
  it 's really stupid coding on their part . 
  no , `` figh '' as in `` high '', 
  looks like something straight out of an arab website, 
  look at the / r/arabs front page bro, 
  no , i already am . 
  aaaaaand now i 'm hungry . 
  thanks . 
  pulled out of gaza after * oh so casually * murdering 2,104 palestinians , 1,492 of which were civilians . 
  tfw no mix sunni/shia option :(, 
  not how my family feels . 
  we believe islamic sects should n't exist as there is one true islam . 
  i really want to try jet-skiing once in my life . 
  it looks very fun , 
  yeah that 's what i identify as . 
  neutral muslim . 
  why was he banned anyway ? 
  i think that we are not from a computer . 
  this is because we have irrational numbers . 
  \u03c0 , \u221a 2 , numbers that never end . 
  if we were merely 0 's and 1 's , these numbers would not exist , as they have no boundaries and they extend for ever . 
  i believe that there is a god ( muslim ) , but then we have a question , where did that god come from ? 
  that question can not be answered in any way as it is impossible , i believe that we will know once judgment day occurs and we go to heaven . 
  but , until then , i think we 're best off worrying about our tiny planet . 
  i used to that all the time in egypt , except with a knife . 
  i believed i was actually doing something :(, 
   ghost that eats kids who do n't go to sleep . 
  if you know a ghost will eat you if you do n't sleep , you would stay awake out of fear anticipating him thus causing you less sleep and less comfort than you had before . 
  no offense , but your mother should 've thought this out a bit more . 
  my grandmother did n't because i ca n't whistle for shit . 
  it could be a virus distributer sending commands to his botnet . 
  indeed , denmarka is al correct . 
  making more . 
  the jews are behind everything . 
  i 'm baffled why israel can have nukes , but iran for some reason ca n't . 
  i hate this us centric world view that everyone has . 
  why does america get to be world police ? 
  what did they ever do to deserve it . 
  their military and economy are * way * too big .
