  and give us back the oil you stole , the only reason you invaded iraq was because we started exchanging our oil exclusively in euros . 
  you invaded us and stole our oil . 
  how do you know ? 
  i 'm an iraqi and we are n't forced to marry . 
  you decide on what you want to do and who you want to marry . 
  screw off stupid american . 
  where is she from . 
  how old is she . 
  little kids like to lie . 
  she could be a mixed american trying to make our countries look bad . 
  all countries have these types of parents . 
  in case real patriots ( not brainwashed ones . ), 
  want to learn arabic , i would recommend a college class or arab friends . 
  ( warning all arabs are ghetto as f % $ # ) . 
  [ for taking the time to type this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tw0m5bs.gif ), 
  nsfw just so u guys know . 
  its pornhub . 
  cats, 
  i have a question . 
  what is this you are talking about ? 
  and should i be scared ? 
  or scarred ? 
  rapist is not a muslim . 
  i guarantee it . 
  btw sorry for my harsh language . 
  its not the country its the government , and the lies they feed you . 
  the country is completely fine . 
  replying to save . 
  mobile app :p, 
  f the grid , do it bro !, 
  the dangerous shadow . 
  i 'm from iraq , i respect you for trying to save my country . 
  i still had to flee though . 
  iraq had started selling oil in $ . 
  all the weapons of mass destruction is bull shit . 
  they used that to convince other countries to attack as well . 
  if iraq kept selling oil in $ , the us$ would fall , the us dollar is based as oil . 
  i hope this is a joke . 
  if you mean it , then you are brainwashed . 
  my nuclear family ( parents , brother ) came to america . 
  my grandparents and one of my uncles are still in baghdad . 
  one of my uncles died in '06 ( no it was n't because of sonic ) in his job . 
  we do n't know anything except he never came back from work . 
  thank you for your kindness sir . 
  do it !, 
  that confused me . 
  `` hey dude , you hear about mark and that hot chick right ? 
  he totally raped her yesterday and beat her . 
  he told me its the internet but i think he is lying and shit . 
  i 'd avoid him bro . '', 
  love this, 
  that elevated quickly ... 
  perfect, 
  exactly bro, 
  are you me ? 
  same here bro !, 
  then they got hacked using the internet and became a karate class called `` block buster '' . 
  i shed tears :'), 
  cisc-o !, 
  invade the entire middle east , give them good shit , then leave . 
  hopefully less fatality 's then 2003 . 
  seriously all the networks suck in iraq and egypt . 
  3g is considered fast . 
  [ it all makes sense now ... ] ( http://oi52.tinypic.com/qywivk.jpg ), 
  the dictator is much better than the ones we have now . 
  the stars used to mean alliance with syria and egypt . 
  i liked the 2004-2008 one with the stars and the takbir . 
  i liked the font on that one . 
  boy u do n't have to be so mean . 
  iraq is a third world country but in case you wan na know what first , second , and third world countries are , [ here ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_world ) you go . 
  after reading about some of the americans i learned not all of you are mean . 
  also iraq is not a shithole . 
  it was a developed country until the us invasion of 1991 which cut out our pure water . 
  you set sanctions so we can never come back . 
  i guess it was fair because we did attack kuwait . 
  however it is still not a shithole , my grandparents still get around , they have technology and stuff . 
  however the streets are sometimes dangerous so they have to look out . 
  and women are treated fairly in every muslim country , just so u know . 
  edit : fuck american drones . 
  as soon as i 'm a citizen i 'm protesting that shit . 
  not fair , invading peoples privacy . 
  that 's a human right . 
  also we like our iraqi sand ( at least i do ) . 
  meat tastes too good tho, 
  watcha think ? 
  you thought we rape and kill our women ? 
  get your head out of the stereo types . 
  go to uae , lebenon , qatar and the other arab/muslim countries . 
  no rape / kill of women ( aside from the usual `` women raped in new york , '' that happens in every country ) . 
  i suggest these countries because they are safe and have some killer sights but i assure you all other muslim countries are not the * lets rape/kill women * type . 
  i 'm arab i ca n't resist . 
  no it means bitch . 
  or at least dog . 
  we still have the same human rights with them . 
  equal pay , food , shelter , respect ( women are respected more than men ) etc. . . 
  us arabs love equality . 
  so yeah , actually do some research and get your head out of afghanistan 2005 . 
  we do n't like gays and drugs though . 
  i was born and raised in iraq and egypt , i think i would know more about arab women than some american looking it up . 
  `` oh this wikipedia article written and edited by racists says that muslims are rapists and hate women .
