  best . 
  fighting . 
  game . 
  ever . 
  nintendo needs some middle eastern characters . 
  i 'm seriously wondering , are you an actual descendant of the heshomite family that ruled hijaz ? 
  if so , are you sad that you did n't get your turn , and now you are going on the internet telling people that hijaz should be independent so that you can rule it ? 
   see , it is an israeli boy who drew that . 
  palestinian boys do n't want that to happen . 
  is this satire or are you serious ? 
  so when a palestinian kid wants to defend his land , he is a terrorist . 
  when an israeli kid wants to defend his land , he is a military soldier . 
  wow . 
  i did n't understand anything . 
  i just finished making [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pr8ctga.png ) printable poster as a response to [ this ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/76248000/jpg/_76248165_idf4.jpg ) by the idf . 
  he was using emojis . 
  yeah , but it was late , i would work on it more tomorrow . 
  i agree :p, 
  it was a response to an idf propaganda poster that had the same thing , but instead of one hundred percent , its 45 % . 
  depends . 
  if it were n't for alsaud and the gulf monarchies , the arabs would be very great friends with iran . 
  because its in hebron - . -, 
  civilization started in in iraqi sumer !, 
  first civilization , best civilization !, 
  i hate that you have to connect to palringo and have to pay for the rest of the levels , but that 's probably parlingo 's thing . 
  yeah i 'm seeing that too . 
  does saudi arabia have it 's own jidf ? 
  the us should 've never disbanded the iraqi army . 
  that was their biggest mistake . 
  source : iraqi . 
  also ; israel . 
  come on world , wtf ? 
  i 'm no antisemite , but israel needs to stop that shit . 
  i cringe whenever i see it . 
  as a muslim , i 'm leaving / b / forever . 
  yet so genius . 
  trolls c u when you are raging at them . 
  my point exactly . 
  all you can do is pray for him . 
  many of us long for our homelands , and will take any chance to go back to it . 
  you do n't know how i long for baghdad . 
  we got rid of the donkey 7mar pig !, 
  hurray !, 
  wait , / u/baghdadi _ guy is * actually * in baghdad ? 
  holy shit dude !, 
  i do n't know what to flair this . 
  this is definitely not entertainment , but it is a video . 
  we can only hope . 
  i ca n't even contain my anger for this . 
  i was raging in my house when i heard this . 
  that is because they are israeli citizens . 
  these are not palestinians . 
  i 'm proud to be a / r/arabs ian . 
   wait , / u/baghdadi _ guy is * actually * in baghdad ? 
  holy shit dude !, 
  what part of that makes you think i thought you were a warrior ? 
  or did you mistake it as sarcasm ? 
  i 've seen the arabic version only , bit i feel you guys . 
  he seems like a nice guy . 
  i live in america ( even though i do n't like it ) so time zones are different for me . 
  i love how all the comments are people asking you to vote for them . 
  you know what i * hate * ? 
  is that the us and eu are putting sanctions on russia for aiding ukrainian rebels , while the us has been aiding syrian rebels for * 3 years * and has brought hell to syria while russia , syria 's biggest ally , has been quiet . 
  this is very hypocritical . 
  do n't you think that they put sanctions on you when they aid syrian rebels , and no one bats an eye ? 
  `` you 're funny '', 
  edit : fuk the ghramer . 
  germania !, 
  they should make one secular one in baghdad that grows to encompass the entire region . 
  you need some arabian knights . 
  at first i thought it said, 
  god milk me as . 
  than i realized . 
  it 's supposed to be god help my ass . 
  with help spelled like aleppo . 
  wow . 
  an egyptian actually knowing something about arabic and not claiming that egyptian is their own language . 
  ya learn something new everyday . 
  of course an indian makes jokes about software . 
  all racism aside , great comic . 
  just fix your arabic software please . 
  i would imagine the ottoman caliphate speaking half turkish half arabic . 
  so your a christian . 
  i never met a christian egyptian before when i lived in egypt . 
  do the muslims make fun of you for being christian ? 
  it 's part of our secret plan . 
  we are slowly annexing jordan 1 by 1 !, 
  man fuck this world . 
  i 'm just waiting till god makes the world a better place . 
  there are no militant muslims here . 
  if there were , they would be down voted to \u062c\u0647\u0646\u0645 . 
  had me on the ground rolling, 
  4/20 - ign . 
  its even worse back in iraq . 
  do n't worry bro , god will help us . 
  these terrorists , the muslim brotherhood and is , are the entire problem ( plus a bit of america intervening everywhere ) . 
  our governments are shit . 
  i 'm just waiting till the people of the region actually rise and destroy these governments just like they are doing in syria . 
  lucky . 
  in iraq we are going behind the caliphate days .
