  iraq : the news already told you, 
  i 'm not living there now , but my family is . 
  i think its cute . 
  can we keep it ? 
  haha lol . 
  we might as well give everyone their own nation . 
  guis iraq is white, 
  9/11 needs more camels . 
  you know what ? 
  this is unfair . 
  isis killing thousands of syrians ? 
  isis killing thousands of iraqi arabs and turkmen ? 
  no big deal . 
  but isis killing white yezidis and kurds ? 
  this has to stop now !, 
  coming from an iraqi whose family is in danger of isis right now , that 's pretty fucking unfair . 
  as an iraqi , i looked like that when i was five and america was rolling their tanks in baghdad . 
  after the invasion , we went to syria for vacation . 
  unfortunately , that was when the first iraqi civil war started so i could n't go back . 
  we decided to go to america ( as much as we did n't want to ) because they were the only country to take us . 
  we still have family in baghdad that we regularly contact . 
  they say the situation in baghdad is not bad . 
  they have to take caution when going outside , but that 's about it ... or so they say . 
  not as much as a black kid shooting a white kid . 
  i know this is supposed to be a joke but seriously , the west in general has the same attitude . 
  that should 've been al obvious . 
  iran can not into al glorious arab master race . 
   implying pan-arabism is dead . 
  how did you do the \u0634\u0647\u0627\u062f\u0627 right there ? 
  what should we call it ? 
  who would buy that ? 
  as unbelievable as it is , no european country would take us . 
  not the uk , not germany , not france , etc. 
  america has the best plans for refugees . 
   motorized tricycles, 
  i feel horribly offended . 
  we do n't live in mud , we live in brick houses . 
  i get these more than you can ever imagine . 
  for being an arab . 
  for being an iraqi . 
  for being a muslim . 
  its bad , but i can tolerate it . 
  this times a billion . 
  us arabs will actually coexist but the kurds are always like `` nope '' . 
  i hate seeing unions broken , it breaks my heart . 
  did stalin make mother russia his bitch ? 
  why are there so many american universities in arab lands ? 
  that i 'm a terrorist . 
  not all muslims are terrorists , people !, 
  4th grade checking in . 
  to be fair , gb has many over sees territories and continues to hold on to its antarctic ice and has a commonwealth realm with canada , australia , new zealand , and a few other countries . 
  not in college yet here ,, 
  how do you pass politics 101 ? 
  agree with everything the government tells you ? 
  but norway is n't in the eu . . 
  this is the second time i 've seen a yezidi girl on the front page . 
  does reddit have a fetish for yezidi girls ? 
  or do you hate the million more arabs suffering in mosul ? 
  oh we should take beautiful people from their home lands so that we can have a chance with them lol, 
  you know what ? 
  i have a question to all you people saying you would adopt her . 
  would you adopt her if she was an arab ? 
  well the ta ' marbouta has three circles and there are four of them . 
  ta ' maftou7a has two dots and a line, 
  a triangle has three sides, 
  there is one eye in the illuminati symbol . 
  illuminati confirmed . 
  i do n't even know . 
   mexican kuwait . 
  i was rolling on the ground after that one !, 
  remove tea, 
  am i the only one that noticed the little arm ? 
  there are hebrew muslims ? 
  its kind of sad actually . 
  the blonder , more blue eyed you are , the more followers you have , on instagram and in real life . 
  am muslim , arab , and iraqi . 
  i get the worst of the package here in america , everyone calls me a terrorist . 
  i want to go back to my country but these idiots going by the name `` the islamic state '' are preventing me from doing so . 
  as an iraqi , i have no family left in mosul . 
  while i usually do n't like america , this time they need get off their ass and do some shit . 
  i 'm sorry but i thought hebrew was associated with judaism . 
  it is . 
  all aqsa mosque is in there . 
  man i 've never held a gun that big :(, 
  come to think of it , i have n't held a gun at all . 
  yes , many of them are . 
  as a muslim , i am sorry about what those savages did to your friend . 
  what, 
  it 's weird , scary , and beautiful at the same time . 
  its safe, 
  they are talked about because israel is involved , and israel is a us ally so its suddenly important . 
  reeeeeeeepooooooooooost, 
  i hate this guy because he invaded my country . 
  but now he gets water dumbed on his head !, 
  revenge is sweet ... 
  i guess saddam needed to achieve his life goal before he hit the grave . 
  anyway , i feel bad for your family , hopefully you are in peace now, 
  as a muslim , i can not speak for all , but i am sure that if you do enough good deeds and tolerate other people , then you will go to heaven regardless of your religion . 
  wait . . lebanon is fighting isis too ? 
  posted this on / r/pics ( to see if these people actually care about yezidis more than arabs ) if you do n't mind !,
