  its wikipedia , i should believe it ! '', 
  you know ? 
  it might be . 
  i 'm not sure ... 
  hey , i do n't mean to offend any americans , i absolutely love you guys . 
  in fact i 'm gon na become an american in a few months . 
  i just hate the people that are blinded by the us gov lies . 
  these middle eastern countries are not hell holes , they are awesome . 
  muslims are n't terrorists , we love freedom . 
  i 'm sorry if i looked like a pile of shit but i did n't men to offend you . 
  here i 'll edit that out . 
  after we finish doing each other . 
  you just spoiled it ... 
  stfu and stand in a corner, 
  socially aqward / socially awesome, 
   spits coffee out of nose . 
   has party at work !, 
  * these captions arent garunteed to be correct *, 
  also i 'm not a bot . 
  russia is capitalist ... 
  it has bean since 1991 ... 
  nvm its a reference . 
  lol . 
  i 'm from iraq and the whole country felt like that . 
  our infrastructure died but thanks to the british ( and iran ) we are slowly coming back . 
  tell me the `` unequalities '' you say there are in the middle east so i can tell you they 're all wrong again . 
  * ahem *, 
  edit : i see that the people of reddit do n't like gangnam style , i 'll show my self out ... 
  so your saying i do n't know about the country i was born in ? 
  the ottoman empire ( iraq was part of before the 1900s ) had better women and human rights then america did . 
  if u still do n't believe me then go away . 
  i do not wish to fight you anymore , you obviously have never met an arab citizen in your life . 
  stfu dont call me by my name you baldass fish, 
  she 's a whore . 
  look for someone with a good emotional connection . 
  its not all about the looks people . 
  they need to bring this meme back, 
  me : president , canada has declared war on the us !, 
  they want bieber to give them money . 
  obama : no i want his monies !, 
  its the only reason i keep him . 
  turkey dt trying to hajum on iraq !, 
  president of iraq : fuck me . 
  just , fuck me . 
  i have n't bean playing games for a while . 
  but now that i look that up , nice reference . 
  hey !, 
  i was free before the us came . 
  i 'm still waiting to get a better president for iraq so i can visit my family . 
  but i was free before the us came . 
  ps : thx us saddam was n't the nicest person on the planet . 
  if turkey decides to attack russia , then iraq ( where i 'm from , hello brothers ) , iran , china , north korea , and the rest of northern africa will get involved on russia 's side thus sparking wwiii . 
  the southern middle east ( saudi arabia , kuwait , qatar , uae , and oman . ), 
  will go on natos side . 
  yemen would be on russia 's side, 
  yeah why ? 
  my mom is shiite and my dad is sunni . 
  it makes me a sunni . 
  not to be mean or anything but i do n't think that 's how the meme is supposed to be used, 
  this meme is socially awesome to socially aqward, 
  here 's an example that i found earlier :, 
   meets cute girl at park . 
   dog poops condom . 
  that is a real post , do n't use it or * you * will be the reposter . 
  but ... 
  but ... why ? 
  hey i 'm iraqi , does that count ? 
  or maybe you need some raindeer with that slay . 
  damn, 
  no , he 's visiting them tommorow along with syria and libya . 
  if you think you are n't gon na be treated as fairly as men , then why are you coming to the middle east ? 
  his shit has got to be holy . 
  no , they 're pussys, 
  lego movie . 
  them niggas can build shit out of thin air !, 
  and the ending is terrifying !, 
  oh , you 'll like where this is going . 
  [ perfection ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/9wxyfidv2pybq/giphy.gif ), 
  if ur turkish then how do u know arabic ? 
  because ur empire fell i after wwii and became turkey, 
  hope fully one day we can form another empire . 
  these countries of the middle east are shit . 
  one day , brothers , one day ... 
  cuba is just communist . 
  communism is n't as bad as the us government makes it seem . 
  beautiful building !, 
  not invading every islamic country and leeching on their oil . 
  the real thing is that obama has no power . 
  its those bitches at congress and the treasury that decide to attack the middle east and support extremism in syria . 
  sure cuba is one of the poorer countries but i 'm sure the gov does n't rape you in the ass . 
  yeah !, 
  but honestly israelis are bitches because the palastine people let the jews in , and then the jews throw the arabs out , call them terrorists all the while receiving the most foreign aid from the us . 
  this is the best video ever . 
  korea is good on its own but u americans * love * the middle east and keep leaching on our oil . 
  is real used to be palestine . 
  palestine welcomed the jews and the americans funded israel to kick out the arabs and take their land , call them terrorists , and receive the most us foreign aid . 
  only so the us can leech on the oil . 
  they use the vpns now . 
  turks and arabs ( like me ) know how to get around computers . 
  first people resorted to google dns but that got blocked so then they used vpns .
