  oh god , i could n't even get half way through the articles before relizing how shit these makkahns are . 
  if i ever rule iraq , i will never make the holy cities like this , dear god . 
  oooh powerful . 
  i make and listen to music , i try to not listen to music that has haram themes ( like sex and drugs ) but sometimes i have too because i live around americans . 
  electronic / dubstep . 
  edit : the only song i 'm proud of is a remix i made , i 'll pm you it if you want . 
  make sure to do withou ' before picking up qur ` an , little colony . 
  why ? 
  your mother 's virginity . 
  there is also internet in iraq , and food in somalia and games in afghanistan , what a crazy world amirite ? 
  seriously , americans need to know that us arabs have most of the things you have . 
  arab, 
  +50 nothing in our language, 
  -9000 not getting invaded, 
  - infinity good at soccer, 
  - infinity ^ 2 not getting called terrorist every step you take . 
  the world may never know ... 
  is news really * that * slow in \u0628\u064a\u0631\u0648\u062a ? 
  why ? 
  word . 
  iraq and not because of your flair . 
  ^ actually ^ it ^ was . 
  were all one people . 
  as far as i know , its the * people * of qatar that fund isis , not the government . 
  like come on !, 
  i 'm a muslim and i could n't care less !, 
  so what if someone wrongfully ruled the khalifa ? 
  its 2014, 
  this . 
  if you are in libya right now , take care . 
  the news is scary . 
  learn to dabke too . 
  i would love to see someone printing a cartoon praising hitler and having it go viral , just to see how you guys would react . 
  needs more upvotes, 
  europe should n't exist anyway , its eurasia . 
  *** knowing you it will be worse than the socks !!!!!!!, 
  i swear , this has has to be the gayest shit i 've ever seen . 
  well because in the western perspective :, 
  everything north of australia and east of europe is irrelevant . 
  edit : great . 
  so i state the truth and i get downvoted . 
  tell me how many times you see arabic in your favorite apps ? 
  spoiler alert , you do n't . 
  oops haha , i will fix that . 
  does isis celebrate eid . 
  i. . . was not aware of this . 
  why would copyright companies try to block access in some areas ? 
  about the arabic thing , many apps & games that i use do not have arabic . 
  that maybe because arabic is hard to code . 
  use hola !, 
  internet vpn . 
  its really good . 
  jamhuria is not a made up word , it means republic in arabic . 
  i 'm not sure if i should upvote because funny , or downvote for giving palestinians a bad name . 
  it 's probably an accented version of the word . 
  i acutally laughed . 
  have you met any in iraq ? 
  haha that 's boss :d, 
  close enough . 
  finally , some good news !, 
  how did we lose to north korea ? 
  we 're supposed to be better than them :(, 
  z3 looks like the shit . 
  fuck you for making me of the laugh . 
  yes . 
  because syrians are too nice to be arabs . 
  no i ment that i love them . 
  i wish i had one instead of my nexus 5 . 
  only because america and russia came and took a huge fat shit on them . 
  i prefer fl studio :p, 
  i 'm legitimately terrified . 
  as an arab , fuck you too . 
  i feel people should care about dozens of people dying *** every single day *** , but all reddit cares about is westerners dying and kurdish towns getting taken ( and the occasional blond yezidi girl ) , they do n't care about the actual native people dying . 
  edit : i should mention i 'm iraqi . 
  e sharp ? 
  some of these were fucking dark . 
  the suicide one , the plusle and minun one holy shit . 
  i must be litterly retarded to forget my alphabet like this . 
  you are fucking wrong . 
  i can only go to sleep every night after i have prayed that every one of those innocent dead people go to heaven , no matter what color , race , or nationality . 
  i pray for the arabs , the sudanese , the north koreans , the ukrainians , the palestinians , people with ebola etc. 
  i might not know all the bad things in the world , but i try to . 
  of course there is probably nothing i can do , and you atheists will think praying is stupid , but at least i do something . 
  i also donate some of my money each eid to the organizations that help these poor people . 
  i agree over 9000 % . 
  i ca n't call my family everyday ( they are living in baghdad ) because the phone service there cuts off a lot , so does the electricity . 
  but harmor and half the other vsts are n't . 
   feel like cleaning something . 
   proceed to post on reddit, 
  you too . 
  op 's getting the cake . 
  its pretty and all , but arabs in qatar and the uae are becoming a minority . 
  i do n't mind people coming over to live , but if they are , they will have to learn the arab culture and language ( which is what they 're not doing ) . 
  well i 'm an iraqi , i 'm pretty sure i 'd have it worse . 
  is / u/amsanc , in fact , kill ? 
  america is not of wrong . 
  he is just of the asshole . 
  at least we decide to learn the language . 
  step 1 : kick all the kurd 's butts until they submit to the fact that they 're iraqi . 
  step 2 : murder all of isis .
