   ~ ~ asian ~ ~ iraqi parents best parents !, 
  the hitting your kids thing happens everywhere in asia , africa , spain/portugal , apperantly italy , mexico , central america , and south america . 
  its pretty common i, 
  all hail iraq !, 
  i like the new one more , but if you want , i can add it . 
  i like arabic but i do hope of a union of all arab countries . 
  still waiting till we annex kuwait . 
   i wrote a letter to mccain , my senatorial representative , thanking him for his initiative in advocating for the cause of the syrian rebels and people . 
  so your supporting the syrian opposition ? 
  assad was not that bad of a guy and the syrian opposition wants a sharia state . 
  they also are the ones the used the chemical weapons . 
  know what you are talking about . 
  i 'm not into syrian history , so i do n't know shit . 
  all i know is that he 's a dictator . 
  i know that syria used to be a beautiful country before the civil war . 
  i 'm sorry if i got anything wrong . 
  i hate tomatoes . 
  have n't laughed this hard today !, 
  mesopitamian *, 
  always identify as iraqi first . 
  all iraqis except the kurds identify as iraqi and are damn proud of it . 
   just the tap, 
  ftfy, 
  ... and blood ... 
  i lol 'd, 
   swirltzerland greatest country, 
  really sold it to me . 
  abbassid empire can into best empire !, 
  baghdad can into greatest city !, 
  sadly this is the truth . 
  i am an iraqi american living as a student and i vowed to keep my iraqi ways and not give in to the american ways . 
  however one of my egyptian friends came last year ( she is female ) and she gave in pretty quickly . 
  i used to like her . 
  she is pretty and ( used to be ) pretty intelegent . 
  however within a few months she started getting more and more involved in american things . 
  she is mean now , talks in ghetto speech , forgot half of her arabic and became a dummy . 
  she has a boyfriend ( an american thing ) and gets suspended many times . 
  she used to be smart and well behaved but now , no . 
  she also tips lyk this bcuz hr boos aksed hr 2 . 
  i have lived in america for 5 years ( got my citizenship today ) and never seen a change this drastic . 
  i sincerely hope this is a rare case but i do n't know . 
  insha'allah this is n't true . 
  air conditioning and electricity too !, 
  i ca n't marry her because we are still in school . 
  by the end of school , it will be too late . 
  well , the thing is that she cut off almost all contact from her arab friends . 
  she calls her ex best friend ( iraqi girl that helped her fit in but told her to not be absorbed , i respect her a lot ) `` lame '' . 
  her best ( male ) friend ( who is my best friend ) she calls ugly . 
  and she does n't even talk to me . 
  she seemed to have losses every since of culture and i simply can not like her . 
  i said i * used * to like her . 
  i hope that her poor soul can return to our ways . 
  it burns, 
  wtf how does this guy have 13 subscribers m8 ? 
  my reaction when i first read this comic . 
  that 's kind of what i was getting at with the whole `` i used to like her '' thing . 
  i have will look for mesopitamian flags but no promises, 
  i did the assyrian flag but i do n't feel like doing the syriac flag right now . 
  it 's kind of a showing off thing . 
  what do you mean by shortcut ? 
  the israeli military is only # 11 on [ gfp ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) because of us military aid . 
  i laughed my ass off !, 
   this thread gave me cancer . 
  seams legit !, 
  i failed at spelling \u062f\u0628\u064a ( city in uae ) . 
  i guess you are right but in my dialect , it 's y i or e. 
  how do you get that font ? 
  edit :, 
  i love giveaways too !, 
  purple, 
  very generous , much thanks !, 
  i want to be an iraqi politician , does that mean i 'm bad ? 
  i really want to bring iraq back to the glory days . 
  i will fight , i will persevere !, 
  i 've lived through the worst moments of iraq . 
  i vow to not be an american puppet . 
  i vow to keep the terrorists out . 
  for a freer , better iraq !, 
  ] ( #arabic ), 
  does that make me better ? 
  first you have to launch the door , get to the milk file , extract the milk , and then move the newly extracted milk file to a cup folder . 
  then put the cup folder in the main storage and wallah !, 
  reboot again , and your done !, 
  my nigga !, 
  put that tv down bitch !, 
  you best not be picking up that ipad !, 
  after all of the cival war stuff and the instability , this is the best thing to come out of syria . 
  i am scared about my brothers in syria , and the fact that the syrian people can joke around in the time of war is unbelievable . 
  god bless them . 
  i 'm an iraqi and i know arabic and english . 
  i do n't know what voila is because nobody else says it . 
  i 'm a teenager , that 's all i 'll give out . 
   you do n't follow any sort of organized traffic pattern in algeria . 
  you guys crack me up !, 
  also , free elipsies at / r/montageparodies, 
  you only live once ^ unless ^ your ^ buddhist !, 
  i do n't get this whole assad thing . 
  may someone explain it to me ? 
  done !, 
  i was too lazy in the begging but i felt like doing some work so i did it .
