  i hope our government gets it 's shit together and stops advertising sectarian shit . 
  i hope maliki get 's kicked out of office . 
  i hope that we can find a better leader . 
  but most of all , i hope that i can go back to my beautiful home country and that we can live in harmony . 
  stfu ^ before ^ they ^ find ^ out ^ im ^ a ^ spy, 
  that is honestly the most controversial flair on this subreddit . 
  i love it . 
   becoming a minority, 
  what the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  do you only pay attention to iraq and syria ? 
  you do n't care about the oh so humble other 99 % of muslims ? 
  there are 1.6 muslims on this planet , and the fact that you say that most of them are whaabbis is stupid . 
  this less than one percent of muslims that are extremists are only a very tiny fraction . 
  as i said , us muslims are very tolerant of other religions . 
  i have many christian , jewish , and atheist friends ( more than my muslim friends ) and it 's not like i 'm going to kill them . 
  i agree that we should n't have religious parties , and that we should separate the state from religion , but blaming islam as a whole on this is stupid . 
  also , when i said that maliki should be kicked out , i meant that we should get another leader that is loyal to the country , not a saudi puppet or a da3esh member . 
  i rest my case , i do not wish to carry this conversation as you obviously do not know what you are talking about . 
  on this pattern , your going to say that saddam was the worst leader ever . 
  if your on android i 'd reccomend reddit news free . 
  its really nice , its what got me into reddit . 
  # * [ intensification intensifies ] *, 
  goodbye childhood . 
  thank god this thread is not dead ,, 
  i am the moderator of / r/iraq and i really want to know how to make our banner like the / r/edm , or / r/jordan banner . 
  speciffically i want to make it so that the banner does not scroll with the page . 
  i also want to add a little picture like they do in the / r/jordan subreddit . 
  any help would be very appreciated !, 
  i have family in baghdad , basra , and ( unfortunately ) mosul . 
  i used to live in baghdad . 
  no not at all . 
  however , bahdad has bean divided into a shia section and a sunni section . 
  these sections generally do n't like eachother . 
  the shia section is safer than the sunni section . 
  wow thanks !, 
  i do n't want to just * blatently * coppy the naut theme , so i 'll use little tidbits of it . 
  thanks alot !, 
  yeah there 's one problem . 
  i do not have the css after the, 
  background-attachment : fixed ;, 
  you must 've went to another subreddit 's css . 
  i do not know what to remove ? 
  oh yeah , i 'm sorry , i put that back . 
  your doing god 's work son !, 
  also i have one more question , how do i remove the picture from the side bar and replace it with another picture ? 
  you are a godsend . 
  i love you !, 
  i 'm deleting this anyway as gavin19 taught me how . 
  this is mostly the sectarian hate channels doing this . 
  there are many sectarian hate channels that spur sectarian hate to divide the muslim people . 
  it really sucks . 
  this hurt me to read, 
  continue ... 
  and of course someone has to bring the `` qatar sucks '' circle jerk on here . 
  you do n't ? 
  fourth wall best wall !, 
  well , i never knew that . 
  no i 'm not in iraq . 
  i fled to the us when the invasion happened . 
  i do n't know what you could change , it 's beautiful !, 
  i 'm wondering how you guys did the little icons on the self posts . 
  this self post has yemen on it with a cool background , if you can tell me how you did that , / r/iraq would be very grateful !, 
  what the actual fuck . 
  this is the most stupid article i 've ever read . 
  these people do n't know what the fucking fuck they are talking about . 
  iraq does not need partitioning . 
  in my point of view ( male , secular , baghdadi , muslim [ not picking between sunni or shia ] ) i 've always imagined a united iraq that prospers and is like dubai or abu-dhabi . 
  after the american invasion , i was like `` ok sure let 's just wait a little , we can get back on track , '' . 
  then this happens , and i say `` ok then , let 's have an uprising with our own government and takeover isis and the government , '' . 
  these views are a little optomistic , but whatever happens we do not need partitioning . 
  the only part of iraq that wants partitioning is the kurdistan region . 
  other than that i believe that for the most part we want to stay united . 
  i cant speak for all , but i 'm sure as hell that all my family and friends would love to stay part of one iraq . 
  edit : also , it seems this writer is trying to rid america of it 's sins that it has committed in iraq . 
  not letting sunnis or secular shias be president , making the worst possible constitution , etc. . . 
  the fall of iraq with isis and all is inevitable but the iraqi people do n't want it to happen . 
  that 's where the article was wrong . 
  i hope it does n't happen but it probably will . 
  holy shit this almost made me tear up . 
  it 's so ... so beautiful !, 
  i think if iraq falls , the turks should make a second ottoman empire . 
  i do n't know about you , but i would love to be able to freely travel to istanbul or basra whenever i want . 
  unless they 're oppressive like last time . 
  edit : or we can have an iraqi revolution . 
  we can make a new constitution and everything and overthrow the government . 
  we can be secular and awesome and stuff . 
  however we ca n't organize something like that . 
  it would be really hard , and it would be very unlikely that it would work . 
  all my yes . 
  kurdistan is n't that far off now . 
  they are likely to get annexed by turkey or iran though . 
  how come the jordanians , qataris , egyptians , and omanis stayed together ? 
  saddam 2.0 !, 
  get out . 
  edit : 1st warning . 
  i know that isis is bad , but bashing a religion is stupid . 
  you got your warning . 
  if you violate any of the rules on the sidebar , you get a warning then a ban . 
  do not bash religion or lack there of . 
  clearly in the sidebar .
