  well iraq and the arabs are taking most of the hits from is and are doing most of the fighting . 
  kurdistan is over glorified by the west tbh . 
  i have n't found much proof while searching around for a while , but it 's true that the iraqi military is doing just as much , if not more work than the peshmerga . 
  not that we do n't love you guys . 
  lol i was just playing with you . 
  we respect you guys , we never want to let you go . 
  kalib ibn kalib is a good name for a character of such personality . 
  the un is every country combined . 
  which basically means no one gives a shit :(, 
  you 're a brother to us , 
  a normal westerner would be all fealsy . 
  but i 'm a kebab so i 'll give my kebab rant . 
  the british single handedly caused the crisis in the middle east today . 
  setting up puppet monarchies in the middle east led to wars , revolutions and much more . 
  the entire israeli-palestinian conflict would n't have happened if the brits had n't decided to kick the jews out of europe . 
  iraq would n't be as unstable if you gave them what they wanted ( a secular democratic regime ) . 
  while the brits give amazing sights and gave rise to america , they pretty much failed everywhere else . 
  the hell 's a pansexual / demisexual . 
  you either like men , woman , or both . 
  2 out of 1 means everyone get 's raped . 
  twice . 
  i 'm still not raped , so that 's bullshit . 
  there 's only two sexes . 
  gender is what sex you like . 
  you either like men , women , or both . 
  for example , a pansexual would be considered bi . 
  so would a demi . 
  they like both men and women . 
  i know . 
  gender is what sex you like . 
  that is extremely cute :3, 
  no the real pronunciation is \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0627\u0642, 
  i ca n't see the video , is he trying to speak fus7a or is he just stupid at arabic ? 
  my mouth has n't watered this much in a long time, 
  why are you making me sad :(, 
  it is in every language except arabic . 
  nice try jidf, 
  waiting for the formal one . 
  i guess obama just likes god and the arabic language . 
  is that bad ? 
  jet fuel can melt steal beams, 
  seriously , who * does n't * like syrians ? 
  ca n't argue with that , i guess : /, 
  i thought it was israel palestine conflict . 
  ill 360 yes scope u m7, 
  you did, 
  this has to be the best post ever . 
  i would really like to see where this goes . 
  can you speak arabic ? 
  i love you so much . 
  i would go . 
  but i 'm in north carolina . 
  this one . 
  the one you are reading . 
  i am laughing so hard at it right now . 
  what happened to / u/baghdadi _ guy ? 
  it 's like he disappeared . 
  ~ $ 700 that i do n't have . 
  aww :(, 
  mauritania was always the odd one in the arab league . 
  replace that n with a q and you get glorious winners of iran-iraq war who can into supreme arab linguistic properties . 
   nordic for me the kingdom of morocco . 
  the fuck did i just read . 
  i have no idea what your saying , in really only good in iraqi and a bit of msa, 
  dont know what '' \u062e\u064a\u0628\u062a\u0643 '' means, 
  well, 
  pm me three !, 
  iraqi is the most glorious one by far . 
  i 'm waiting for `` the new ` new cairo ' '', 
  i love iraq so much right now . 
  the fact that we went through all these wars , and we still stuck together as a people , makes me so proud . 
  from the days of the kingdom to the new republic , we have always stayed one iraqi people , united as one . 
  except for the kurds . 
  edit : the comment about the kurds is a joke , i love my kurdish brothers . 
  [ i am a * huge * math nerd . 
  i am so proud of myself for capturing this !, 
  lol !, 
  i love the little flags that pop up at the subreddit links for arab countries !, 
  what do you mean by `` time measurements larger than a year '' ? 
  but that 's the right order . 
  today is pi day , so the time comes after the day normally , unless you want me to wait until it 's september , 26 , 2054 at 3:14:59 . 
  the order is correct , because 3/14 is what people consider pi day , so naturally the time comes afterwards . 
  you sound like you live outside of the us ( either that , or i 've been doing dated wrong my whole life ) , but in the us we use a month / day / year configuration . 
  thx man . 
  happy pi day to you too !, 
  i wonder what the hell iran has to do with pan-arabism . 
   choose our own president, 
  you lucky kurds have a good government b/c you 're autonomous . 
  in baghdad , where my family lives , all the voting is rigged . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  never . 
  our family has historically lived in baghdad . 
  it 's pretty safe there , there 's nothing going on , it 's just that the `` freedoms '' america brought to iraq were only applied in kurdistan . 
  the federal government is crap . 
  i tried it once , got invaded . 
  thanks a lot turkey . 
  i have no words . 
  my grandmother on my mom 's side just died :(, 
  i promised her i 'd come back to visit after i went to america . 
  guess i ca n't do that now ...
