  lol what dictatorships falling ? 
  egypt 's in political hell and libya is almost a failed states and the gulf dictatorships are still around . 
  isis, 
  [ i think you messed up ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aoiz5nb.jpg ), 
  i hate being called israeli . 
  i thought china had china only internet ? 
  do use some kind of vpn ? 
  when i used to be in egypt i used to use a vpn to access most websites . 
  i did n't actually * design * the background picture . 
  i just cropped it . 
  [ here it is in it 's full glory ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gaeallf.jpg ) the structures are the baghdad monuments . 
  zip means dick / penis in arabic ( although this maybe an iraq only thing ), 
  of course all the muslims get is 9/11 . 
  at least put tahrir square or gaza or that picture of that blond yezidi girl . 
  israel can into kill, 
  kill can into fail, 
  israel = fail, 
  iraq can also into fail so not sad israel . 
  nice job with lebanon . 
  i could n't quite make out what you wrote with the arabic letters under tajikistan 's name . 
  libya says fire fire fire, 
  it almost turned into one . 
  there were countless rapes and murders . 
  hariq which means fire . 
  yuo can not into arabic . 
  so damn kawaii . 
  ## huer mom !, 
  ## ger-many, 
  as an arab , i wish my race would stop blaming the jews on everything . 
  i swear i almost got hypnotized by this . 
  that is so cute that i 'm going to kill myself now . 
  wait , so they * want * israel to control palestine ? 
  i love how the turks are furthering themselves more and more from islam . 
  i love how libya has nothing wrong with him when there is practically a civil war there . 
  til civilization , ama !, 
  my older brother who has the same name died in the womb . 
  its arabic !, 
  i feel relevant now !, 
  iraq !, 
  ( not living there now obviously ), 
  ^ inb4terrorists9/11, 
   rich history, 
   tfw israeli history is all arab history until the last 89 years . 
  unless war crimes are rich history , then no , israel does n't have rich history . 
   rich history, 
   tfw israeli history is all arab history until the last 89 years . 
  unless war crimes are rich history , then no , israel does n't have rich history . 
  so that 's why you have an islamic state and crescent on your flag ? 
  iphone 6 is good, 
  you could 've just had him say \u064a\u0627 \u062d\u0645\u0627\u0631 which means donkey . 
  donkey is considered very rude among arabs . 
  ( at least that 's what 8 year old me tells me . ), 
  as an iraqi that lives in the west ( but critisizes it a lot ) , i am proud that you westerners are investing in my countries future < 3 . 
  xc is a mexican sport . 
  well mister it would n't be so shitty if it were n't for american sanctions and the invasion . 
  all the slow ones are still in mexico . 
  my friend told me that it was prophesized that israel will stretch from the nile to the euphrates . 
  i 'm not sure though i have n't read the quran that much . 
  that anti-christ 's name ? 
  albert einstein . 
  arab . 
  most of us arabs dress like that . 
  fuck you too . 
  i used to be a pichu main and you broke my heart . 
  the us said it did n't care if we invaded . 
  i can pull up the transcripts if you want me to . 
  i was giving a joke response . 
  i thought you were one of those people that said something 's there so that i have to look . 
  no hard feelings . 
  well you invaded way more countries than us . 
  you even invaded libya . 
  what has libya ever done to you ? 
  fuck your shitty country , stop acting like a bunch of ignorant gangsters going around and blaming everyone for your shitty behavior . 
  what 's happening in lebanon ? 
  hahaha, 
  she won the first civilization prize , what a slut . 
   that feel when even libya has a higher development than you . 
  libya used to have the highest development index in africa . 
  now , not so much . 
  not south yemenis , * real * yemenis . 
   tfw you lose your leader :(, 
  maybe, 
  you can visit iraq ? 
  lucky . 
  also , it was a joke . 
  for arabs . 
  hey girl , is your name america ? 
  cuz i 'm ` bout to terrorize datass . 
  to be, 
  i 'm technically asian ( arab ) and i fucking love math . 
  egypt is really close to israel too . 
  what is an egypt ? 
  sounds like a retarded son of a 2000 year old country :p, 
  do n't worry i am too . 
  this is as social as your life op . 
  i love how he is tails the fox in the first picture , then a regular fox in the second . 
  i was kind of disappointed though . 
  how do americans find arabic complicated ? 
  its very simple . 
  how ?
