  there will always be that one guy who masturbates to the photo ( which is the climax part ) . 
  the thing is , when your modest , you do n't take a billion selfies or videos a day . 
  that takes the whole meaning of modesty . 
  how are you being modest if you are sharing your face / body with everyone every day ? 
  i know this girl who does exactly this . 
  she claims to be a good muslim , which she probably is , besides the fact that whenever she goes outside , she wears leggings and makes her hair as pretty as possible . 
  is it really modest if your pants show your butt to the entire world with only a millimeter of fabric to protect it ? 
  on reddit, 
  yes let 's put haram things on muslim subreddit . 
  genius . 
  #haha i 'm offending a religion through one of the most taboo things you can do to them hahaha nothing bad will surely come out of this hahahahahahahaha athiesm power hahahahahahahlolxdlmao, 
  seriously , fuck you guys . 
  a silly cartoon that depicts our prophet as a pig . 
  people , this is americans tolerating muslim beliefs and being the good guys of the planet . 
  by posting really taboo things on to the internet and upvoting it so that it can be seen by the whole world . 
  nothing good can come out of this . 
  why does it have to be muslim ? 
  there are radical christens , radical jews , and athiests all around the world willing to take up arms to protect their beliefs . 
  but ** nooooo ** , the muslims are the problem because 9/11 alqaeda terrorism dfjadklfjdlskafd ; ajfd ; asjfk ; ldasf . 
  grow up . 
  `` mommy the internet is saying mean things about my country and how they hate me '', 
  mean while , irl americans shoot their own kind in school shootings and have one of the highest crime rates in the world not to mention the more than half million iraqis and even more afghans they killed while going to wars to fight `` terrorism '' . 
  an album and a picture got to the number 2 and 3 spots today . 
  and their all offensive depictions of mohammed ( swt ) . 
  worst of all , they 're on / r/funny . 
  americans find this * funny * . 
  isis is a product of the us . 
  before the us invasion , saddam knew about alqaeda and he tried to not let any terrorists in and it worked . 
  when the us invaded and successfully disbanded the iraqi military , they left us with nothing to gaurd our border , thus letting alqaeda have the perfect chance to set up a base in iraq , and they did . 
  the orginization called alqaeda in iraq or the islamic state of iraq ( isi ) was very violent and they took a few towns in anbar and falujah . 
  when the syrian civil war started , they entered the fsa ( which is funded by america and many other western nations and included a few other terrorist groups like al nusrah front ) and got the weapons they needed to take mosul . 
  when they started going to syria , they became isis ( islamic state of iraq and syria ) . 
  once they successfully took over mosul , their capital and first major city , they changed their name to the ( islamic state ) and decided they are a caliphate ( a holy islamic empire , of which has n't been seen since the ottomans ) . 
  many , no , * most * isis members are westerners that decided to go extreme . 
  they had nothing to live for anymore and decided they wanted an easy ticket to heaven ( which they 're not getting , considering they 're extremists ) . 
  yeah , i think i did turn the tables pretty well . 
  i 'd rather not see pictures of that weird dildo prophet muhammed ( astaghfurallah ) * and * no bodies dead in a morgue . 
  you do realize you 're on a muslim subreddit right ? 
  the god that the extremists worship is also they god that 1.6 billion other people worship too . 
  so basically , it 's a big fuck you to every muslim and 23 % of the world 's population . 
  you can avenge your dudes by killing alqaeda and isis , not drawing more cartoons . 
  everyone with their beliefs i guess . 
  so much for tolerance . 
  because reddit is 50 % american and 50 % other nationalities . 
  well there millions of people in qatar and the uae that only speak english thus making arabs and arabic speakers a minority . 
  same god , different beliefs . 
  we believe that there is one god . 
  the extremists , however , believe in killing people in the name of this god . 
  i 've never justified murder . 
  i would make the most of my last moments in iraq , and if i can , discourage my parents to leave . 
  you guys still use a colonial language ... 
  because it is . 
  i liked mine better . 
  what 's racist about this ? 
  american is n't even a race ? 
  you know what ? 
  what gives the west the right to set the standards ? 
  why do you get to decide who 's civilized or not ? 
  so i 'm now an idiot for respecting what my prophet told me . 
  you know what , just fuck off . 
  you do n't know anything about us and you keep making assumptions . 
  islam * encourages * scientific advancements . 
  you obviously do n't know the religion if assumed that . 
  i do believe that out prophet should not be drawn , but the only punishment they should get should be in the after life . 
  i would die for my religion considering its called islam ( meaning submission to god ), 
  i do n't try to convert other people because i know they have their own beliefs . 
  i do n't judge even when people believe other things . 
  my parents did give me my religion . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  i learned more about it as i grew up and i agree with it . 
  islam only says that touching people before marriage is haram and will add to our sin counter . 
  it will add a considerable amount so if you have premarital sex , you might go to hell . 
  i would never kill for my religion . 
  i leave that to the afterlife for god to decide . 
  also , islam believes in jesus as one of the most important prophets . 
  shows how much you know about our religion . 
  it 's called snap . 
  look for it in the top bar where it says `` snap '' and pick the one that 's perfect for you . 
  i usually keep it at 1/4 of a beat . 
  u mad bro ? 
  they just do n't give up ... 
  i 'm a muslim and i hate isis , but you know fucking what ? 
  why do n't you start not killing people ? 
  i 'm from iraq and do you know how many of my people died because of your mindless wars ? 
  thousands upon thousands have died from your stupid sanctions and invasions . 
  and because you disbanded our military and gave us this shitty one , now we have isis rolling around slottering thousands of people every week . 
  start with yourselves . 
  no i would n't . 
  i 've never felt the need to kill anyone in my life , because i know that in the afterlife , they will get the punishment they deserve , and i will too . 
  so islam is not french ? 
  islam is as french as christianity . 
  yes , christianity is the majority , but both are religions , both are abrahamic , and both originated in the middle east . 
  now you 'll say `` but sandniggers nooo french white christians bjaklf ; djak ; lfd '' but i 'll spare you that , because that argument is stupid . 
  my prophet ( swt ) told me that killing is absolutely agains the book so i 'm pretty sure that those terrorists are going to hell . 
  but the guy that drew the pictures is a racist prick . 
  he keeps making fun of muslims , where 's your tolerance now ? 
  i 'm just making a point that the guy was n't an angel that is all mighty just because a few dudes killed him . 
  also , iraq is not a desert . 
  we have some of the most fertile land on the planet . 
  we love you too !,
