  love your username . 
  well , that shows how much i know about the un . 
  haha , that 's great habibi . 
  did you bring everyone kebab ? 
  damn son !, 
  those palestinians shall rest in jannah and may all the israelis go to hell . 
  why islamic ? 
  seriously people , as if we do n't have enough discrimination !, 
  i 'm a noob , so please help a fellow out . 
  what 's a side chain ? 
  i 've never bean signed , but i pretty sure that you should just call it off . 
  what label are we exactly talking about here ? 
  what 's wrong habibi ? 
  this is n't the place to advertise yourself . 
  this is a place to ask questions about edm production or to offer a service to edm producers . 
  sorry pal , not the right place . 
  lsl, 
  that 's all i got . 
  i kind of want an interesting background for my logo . 
  i ca n't seem to come up with one . 
  hey !, 
  what has islam done to you ? 
  `` but terrorists ! '' . 
  shut up there are atheist terrorists too . 
  [ just as bad as alqaeda ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/league_of_militant_atheists ), 
  you are a hero in all of our eyes . 
  you do n't have links to the child rape or honor killings . 
  maybe if you are talking about wahhabiism or the alqaeda form of islam , then i get your point . 
  but normal , main stream islam is just fine . 
  most muslims do n't look down at women . 
  of course i ca n't speak for all , but me and my friends are pretty non sexist . 
  we see women as equal . 
  lgbt might be a problem for most , but me and my friends do n't have a problem with it . 
  its what i noticed . 
  i 'm currently living in the us , but my family in iraq shares the same view ( aside from the lgbt part ) . 
  so ... islam is the worst religion for hating lgbt ? 
  do you know how many other religions are like this ? 
  what will you believe ? 
  a muslim ? 
  or propaganda ? 
  its like you ignored the entire above thread, 
  i was guessing fran\u00e7ias . 
  it 's very beautiful . 
  there will be casualties , but all of them would be in the name of palestine . 
  ok isis is bad but come on , please check your sources , un . 
  this is very true . 
  at my school ( in america ) i am constantly being called a terrorist and there is this one girl that legitimately believes that i will blow her up . 
  what the fuck . 
  haha !, 
  he looks awesome !, 
  no mustache , no legitimacy . 
  i do not recognize this foreign american zionist puppet . 
  all the palestinians here that have been to this protest are fucking heros . 
  you stood up for your people , and you shall succeed . 
  may whatever god or gods you believe in bless you . 
  us muslims have it just as bad . 
  jews have it even worse . 
  why are the christians any different ? 
  is this your blog ? 
  it 's really well put together . 
  because there were so many interpretations of it . 
  muslim here , my family 's interpretation of islam is a sunni shi'ite mix . 
  we take the good things from sunni and the good things from the shi'ite and fuse them into what we believe is the real islam . 
  before the prophet mohammed ( pbuh ) died there was only one form of islam , islam . 
  after mohammed 's ( pbuh ) death , the caliphate ( which spanned yemen , oman , qatar , uae , bahrain , and saudi-arabia ) was still young . 
  the people in the caliphate were debating on who should be the next caliph . 
  the sunnis believed that it should be a democratic vote and the shi'ite believed that it should be one of the prophets sons ( like a monarchy ) things cycled around , but for the most part it was a democracy . 
  so that 's where the split of islam began , and that is where it will stay until the prophesied mahdi will come and reunite the ummah . 
  so sunni and shi'ite split even more depending on what the people believed . 
  [ here is a wikipedia page for the sects in islam . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_schools_and_branches ), 
  some more extreme forms of islam , such as wahhabi , is what groups like al qaeda formed on . 
  al qaeda wants to create the ummah again but it wants to also destroy all idols and minority religions . 
  from al qaeda split off a more violent group known as the is ( formerly isis / isil ) . 
  this group is * so extreme * that even al qaeda says their caliphate is illegitimate . 
  so that 's basically it . 
  most of islamic terrorism comes from al qaeda or isis so that 's how it all happened . 
  hope i helped . 
  haha i know . 
  i was used to typing the arabic english so it 's kind of weird . 
  i wonder how they will pick things up . 
  also , why hands and feet ? 
  i get normal hijab , but seriously ? 
  12 hours of peace will be a good thing , but i expect israel to prepare for a more brutal siege than the one before . 
  god will protect you , my brothers . 
  imo its better to leave isis than to stay in it . 
  in the east , they do n't wipe , they use bidgets ( which are cleaner than wipes ) . 
  wow i really liked your song !, 
  now like mine . 
  to add to this , is there a good snare drum synthisizer ? 
  i have a bass drum synthesizer , but that 's it . 
  can i come too ? 
  may i ask , what 's a ghost kick ? 
  by the words of seamlessr :, 
   ... sytrus does everything i ever wanted it to do ever . 
  and more . 
  you can always vip it . 
  not to grammar nazi you or anything , but you really need to put spaces after your dots and commas . 
  if your on fl , then vocodex that shit !, 
  that 's great !,
