  or are you going to do what everyone else is doing ? 
  because ivory coast toppled them . 
  i am very offended :(, 
   ~ ~ native american . ~ ~ algonquian . 
  ftfy . 
  i was kidding :p, 
  i know , its #amazing, 
  you should 've included iraq rampaging in the background of britian :p, 
  just my 2 cents . 
  first of all its arabic ,, 
  second of all , go fuck yourself . 
  my family is half sunni half shia and i completely agree . 
  we should do as the shia do and strive for unity . 
  we are one nation and we should stay like that . 
  these higher ups that fled mosul should be excuted . 
  *** yippi kayay motherfuckers !!!!!, 
  i 've always wondered what 2 was, 
  i know 3 is \u0639 , and 7 is \u062d , but i 've never figured out what 2 was . 
  i 'd be down with a lebananese government . 
  better than maliki . 
  i 've heard there are plans to take down the government for a new one . 
  it 's a rumor , not really sure . 
  i feel bad for you , i wonder what would happen if a / r/iraq meat up would happen 0.0, 
  insha'allah you have better luck next time . 
  oman is one of the more `` stable '' countries, 
  happy cake day, 
  i ca n't find the page :(, 
  fuck oman , i never hear about bahrain . 
  like wtf bahrainis , where are you ? 
  i 've heard this pun 10 trillion times . 
  have my upvote . 
  cool, 
  + / u/dogetipbot 10 doge verify, 
  he definetly controls / r/iraq, 
  well , if your not an iraqi , you 'd be screwed . 
  you have to know arabic and you have to be iraqi for the iraqi public to like you . 
  kurdish is for bonus points . 
  we recently got half of tikrit back but mosul is under complete isil control . 
  haha thanks . 
  i 'm in america right now , but my family is stuck in iraq . 
  i hope for the best for them . 
  i used to live in egypt . 
  i wish the egyptians were like this . 
  ahh thanks !, 
  started from the desert now we 're here . 
  you 're the only one actually helping my country . 
  you got this !, 
  our countries maybe mortal enemies , but our people are best of friends !, 
  once you go iraq , you ca n't go back . 
  best of luck for your country after the half time !, 
  i support iran because, 
  * they are our mortal enemy, 
  * they are saving us from da3esh, 
  yep . 
  also , if you want to quote a line . 
  use this :, 
  \\  line, 
  end result :, 
   line, 
  never liked blind patriotism anyway . 
  also, 
  #banned from / r/iraq !, 
  or people that were in it . 
  came here to say this . 
  that made me laugh \u062a, 
  i 'm rooting for algers and tehran !, 
  most websites have a fix to that . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'd rather have that snake assad then da3esh . 
  wooooooooo !, 
  you got this !, 
  what is he wearing ? 
  iraq is with you , brothers !, 
  too late now :p, 
  like , ikr ? 
  the people in the world news do n't give a shit about iraq . 
  `` hey remember that country we fucked up ~ ~ 10 ~ ~ 11 years ago ? '', 
  `` nah dude , forget about that , the people in that country are brown muslim terrorists , they deserve whatever is happening to them , dude , '', 
  i never knew what hola was and now i have this amazing tool if i wanted to travel abroad !, 
  thanks dude , you do god 's work . 
  just so you know , your comparing the muslims of da3esh with all the other muslims in the world . 
  i support islam , as i am a muslim and all my friends are mostly muslim , and they are really nice people . 
  you are an atheist and i respect that , there is nothing wrong with having a different religion . 
  but the fact that you are blaming the entire religion of islam on one thing some crusaders did is stupid . 
  these radicalists are stupid and may they go to hell . 
  they should be jailed on sight and executed in the harshest way possible . 
  however , not all muslims are like this . 
  also your dream of an atheist iraq will never happen . 
  ever . 
  iraqis are mostly muslim and they are very religious . 
  that does n't mean we are n't tolerant , i have a lot of christian friends and jewish friends , it 's not like i 'm going to defriend them and run away . 
  also , the westerners that care about the `` risk of islam '' are stupid racists that jerk off to the idea of ` murica ruling the world . 
  islam is a beautiful religion ( i may be biased because i am a muslim ) and we do n't pose risks . 
  take for example the omanis , kuwaitis , turks , or egyptians . 
  they are some of the most tolerant people i know . 
  they are fair , tolerant and overall good people . 
  we are not a risk , we are a help to the world . 
  also , islam is what made modern math sciences . 
  the muslims in baghdad in the abbasid caliphate learned how the solar system work , invented modern math and science , and wrote some of the best books of their time . 
  they were a blessing to the world . 
  i hope that iraq will be better in the future .
