i deleted my old account here is my new one, 
  dude , t-mobile 's family plan is much cheaper , has much more coverage , and is really fast , if not faster , than verizon 's lte . 
  verizon is bullcraping you dude . 
  my t-mobile plan is unlimited ( throttled after 500 mb ) . 
  you can get this for 50 dollars . 
  if u add 10 $ u get 2.5 gb more high-speed , but unlimited throttled . 
  and if you pay 70 $ you get unlimited t-mobile 4glte . 
  and their family plans are amazing . 
  what did he say ? 
  lolk, 
  i feel really sorry for u man . 
  * internet hug *, 
  in the source its not like that . 
  well , better get the guns , cival war is starting over . 
  this time , over catz, 
  guardian cat * to the resc - * wait where is it ? 
  no the owner is really caring . 
  i would link the bid but i 'm on mobile on my bed and am to lazy to get up . 
  i \u03a0 math, 
  good job ginger , i officially give you the tip of the arab fedora, 
  on twc i got 20/5 in durham, 
  meanwhile , in nc usa, 
  south africa or egypt ? 
  agreed , let 's merge !, 
  - comcast ceo, 
  i used to live in egypt ( very nice place ) before i came to the states . 
  never actually paid attention to the internet speed . 
  but it was good . 
  damn all the signature thinking made me late for my flight, 
  can confirm , its in arabic, 
  and a major in science @ duke university, 
  lol the chosen probably are gon na get trolled, 
  you sir , should get gilded by someone who is rich enough to pay for a free website . 
  i could math but i wo n't cuz lazy . 
  btw relevant username, 
  that is really sad . 
  being arab , i wonder why no country gives a crap about the middle east but they give all their junk to venezuala and ukrine . 
  because u racist :(, 
  lol i was jk . 
  but u do n't know who 's on the internet . 
  u might offend someone . 
  i love this, 
  awesome, 
  america and canada are both femenine . 
  a lot of countries are femenine . 
  we should send him to venezuela , syria , iraq , oman , ukraine , and north and south sudan . 
  probably will help the world . 
  one gigabit per second = heaven, 
  russia is n't communist lol , [ they are ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communism ), 
  relevant username, 
  lol, 
  yes why ? 
  taha is my name . 
  i just liked hash tags so that 's my name xd it 's not anything special, 
  lol true, 
  made my day xd, 
  where are we sending too ? 
  this , this is art !, 
  my favorite comment, 
  wait , i forgot where to look , bruce . 
  die in a fire, 
  tbh i do n't even know . 
  why are we all here and not spending time with our mates ? 
  i think he just run out of time . 
  boss of the year award goes to ... 
  do n't know , found it as an upvote gift :p, 
  well , i 'm sorry i did n't continue the line :(, 
  same in nc, 
  obvious troll is obvious, 
  man , i wish my home country was strong :( i do n't like sitting here in the usa . 
  all of you big countries having fun ... 
  bring me back to the middle east ... 
  iraqi here , fuck you all . 
  fed ex of murder . 
  `` later that day , 50 nuclear warheads were dropped by the big 5 in kiev , ukraine so that they warmup . 
  all presidents did it while laughing . '', 
  what are you talking about ? 
  how should we let this time start ? 
  a joke about a burp , or a joke about a fart ? 
  my family had satalite before 2003 . 
  stfu and learn something , american !, 
  they funded it ... dumb . 
  they wanted iraq to go to war with iran . 
  so they funded it . 
  i know more than u, 
  2 . destroy the middle east even more . 
  :( murica y u so mean 2 mid east, 
  yea pretty sure germany in nato, 
  simpleminded jerk , i 'm not arguing with you anymore . 
  insanity wolf : un security council deciding if we should invade russia . 
  big 5 with veto power, 
  1 . usa, 
  3 . france, 
  4 . china, 
  putin accepts . 
  while delivering his speech he says '' \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043d\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0438 \u0432\u0430\u0448 \u043b\u0443\u0447\u0448\u0438\u0439 '' while laughing . 
  the rebels used the chemical weapons . 
  the us even funded the rebels . 
  russia , and un have found evidence it 's the rebels . 
  go away , its a scan !,
