  wait , what religion are you . 
  some kind of love letter . 
  i ca n't really make out the words , they 're too caligraphized . 
  its beautiful but its impossible to read . 
  the first line says \u0627\u0644\u064a \u063a\u0627\u0644\u064a\u0629 ( the priceless ) which makes me know its a love letter . 
  i might give them credit if they can so much as threaten israel . 
  that 's what i 'm hoping for , but this islamic state is powerful . 
  they have american equipment and the will to create their caliphate . 
  but hopefully the iraqi people rise up and fought for their land . 
  this is * our * land , dammit !, 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 no h8 im gon na go masturb8 sya l8ter m80 . 
  `` lol , selfie while my predecessors go to kill arabs !, 
  death to all arabs !, 
  i love you my followers , remember , racism is bad and you are all cool ! '', 
  happy cake day !, 
  in a cultural sense they are important , i love my christan brothers as much as i love their muslim counter parts , however there is nothing a christan can do that a muslim ca n't . 
  christians are just like muslims , we are all people . 
  also ; do n't bash other religions . 
  if i was on the computer , i would 've removed your comment and banned you . 
  you have to have tolerance . 
  that 's because many people are willing to believe state propaganda against christians/jews . 
  however , some people ( like you and me ) can see through that propaganda and see what is really behind those different religions . 
  ahh so you are an athiest trying to impose your views on us . 
  you just said that `` the only praying i do is that you do n't kill us with your beliefs . '', 
  what is exactly your point ? 
   hurr durr muslims are terrorist 9/11 killers and should all go to hell lol they are diffrent thus they should die . 
  you should 've seen how stupid your post looks from a mile away . 
  for fuck sake you comparing 26 % of the population to the extremists of the is and alqaeda . 
  you must be hard headed or something to make that comparison . 
  since i 'm assuming you are american ; the us has 2.6 million muslims ( including notable figures like muhammed ali ) yet your not seeing constant 9/11 's each day . 
  because you missed the fucking point . 
  that 's not what islam is about , you moron , that is what the state of the country is telling the people . 
  however most muslims can see this and we tolerate christians . 
  you do n't see me lashing out at / u/baghdadi _ guy because he is a mod * and * a christian . 
  you guys seriously want to make us look bad . 
  i understand arabic , however someone already translated it . 
  this is so heart breaking :(, 
  you do n't know how hard it was for my family to leave to egypt after the syrian - iraqi border has been closed since 2006 . 
  we were in none stop pain , we loved that place . 
  gaza is a beautiful city ( when it 's not being bombed ) so why should they leave their own land ? 
  the palestinians should get their land back as the israeli oppressors took it from them . 
  this is * their * land . 
  still ca n't imagine this ? 
  ok , imagine if the usa was invaded and is bieng slowly occupied by mexico . 
  the usa army basically deteriorated and you do n't have that anymore , and mexico is setting up illegal settlements in what they believe is rightfully their land because they owned it once in a long time ago in history . 
  you are all forced to speak spanish and you can not retaliate , however you have invested a lot in the country that you live in and want to stay . 
  do you do as you say and move on ? 
  or do you fight for your land ? 
  this is n't an attack to mexicans , i have a lot of mexican friends . 
   so because someone does n't pray 5 times a day they 're atheists eh wahabi ? 
  you literally said that that is the * only * thing you pray . 
  do n't think i do n't understand christians , i live amongst them in the usa right now . 
  you can be a christian all you want , if you are good enough , you will go to heaven . 
  also , do you know what wahabi means ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   such tolerance you exhibit in your very narrow pre-defined set of conclusions !, 
  see above, 
   the same problem occurring in every muslim-institutionalized country is more than enough empirical evidence to reveal the hatred intolerance of islam to anyone who is n't completely blind to see it . 
  the only time muslims are n't attacking non-muslims is when they 're attacking themselves ( sectarian violence is like a sport in islam ), 
  if this was true then the caliphate that the prophet mohamed ( pbuh ) led would n't have actually spread . 
  the reason this caliphate spread was that they were tolerant of non muslims , but they rewarded the muslims . 
  this led to many people believing in islam ( like my ancient ancestors ) and began to spread the message of islam . 
  this opened up more space the caliphate can expand to , so it stretched all the way from lisbon to karachi . 
  if what you described was true , countries like saudi arabia , iran , and the united arab emirates would have never existed and thus replaced by their christian counterparts . 
  however , they do exist and they are not tearing each other apart as they are formal countries with formal diplomacy . 
   take a look in the mirror wahabi , take a look in the mirror . 
  there you see the intolerance , the hate , the source of this problem . 
  all i see is a beautiful young man trying to teach tolerance to other people via the internet . 
  also be careful when using `` wahabi '' near muslims , it can be offensive . 
  it is circular . 
  oh i get it now , you are very funny . 
  your playing with my mind . 
  what are you then , if you are not atheist or christian ? 
  why do you keep comparing  1 % of a population and act like it represents the rest . 
  also , the christians that you are talking about in these countries have to be tolerant of muslims if they are living in a muslim majority country . 
  we are mostly tolerant of our christan brothers ( the saudi government is an exception ) and in turn they have to be tolerant of us . 
  also ; the caliphs did not kill anyone who opposed them . 
  there were many christians and jews living in the caliphate . 
  ( most of them converted ), 
  also you are apparently moroccan , living in chicago , defend palestinians , visit gone wild , all the while hating muslims . 
  i conclude that you are a troll . 
  i actually laughed !, 
  great find op . 
  `` spreading democracy '', 
  pfft yeah right . 
  in your dreams , america . 
  its spelled qur ` an dammit !, 
  what the hell is wrong with people that put unnecessary u 's and a 's !, 
  i swear i saw a guy spell qatar `` quatar '' and i almost lost my shit, 
  or , gee i do n't know , let 's maybe give them what their ancestors have always lived in . 
  but that 's crazy right ? 
  let 's give the palestinian land to some foreign immigrants and their offspring . 
  yep , sounds like a good idea . 
  you , sir , have gained the official iraqi seal of approval . 
  salute to you . 
  you sick bastard ... 
  [ some unknown military force appeared along the egyptian border and seams to be friendly ] ( https://plus.google.com/116199206228497164307/posts/rwvxbvtraz4 ), 
  now this is what i call jihad . 
  since 2009 , only 40 people were killed on the israeli side . 
  this one battle has killed ~ ~ over 100 ~ ~ 121 people in gaza and wounded 924 .
