  i know that region should be separated from the state , but you bashed all the religions in 2 sentences . 
  i agree with what you said . 
  however the way you worded your first comment made me feel like you were going to bash islam so that 's why i gave you a warning . 
  next time , make sure you provide an explanation like this one so that people do n't take it that you are bashing their religion . 
  my apologizes . 
  this time without the genocide . 
  so the sunni militants are marching right this second ? 
  if so , then holy shit . 
  i need to post this in / r/iraq . 
  my family could be in grave danger if this is true . 
  it was n't really intended to be funny , but glad it made you feel better . 
  [ and since you really ca n't deal with it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1tp9avj.gif ), 
  they shut down the internet , but whatever valuble landline minutes they have , i will make use of . 
  thanks bro  . 
  hah you got owned by your own colony !, 
  do n't let him control you . 
  yeah , in the text above under the `` better alternatives '' there is a link to a live blog . 
  good ~ ~ fuck ~ ~ luck . 
  i like you . 
  you got owned by your own colony . 
  bigger ottoman empire / persian empire . 
  if you actually read the article , it clearly states that soldiers should join the nearest unit . 
  my uncle joined a baghdad unit and is serving . 
  iraq ? 
  i am iraqi too . 
  i feel your pain brother , but you need to turn off your caps lock unless you are really screaming . 
  this is what i used before i got my arabic stickers for my keyboard . 
  he was probably a soldier that fled and feels really bad about it . 
  it 's not the soldiers fault , it 's the generals and the higher ups that fled , prompting the soldiers to flee . 
  poor man :(, 
  edit : do n't you americans feel bad about the country that you fucked up ? 
  this man is probably sad about his brothers and sisters dying . 
  this guy deserted . 
  he looks like he joined the baghdad unit . 
  i know he deserted because if he did n't his head would be chopped off / he would be an isis soldier . 
  source : am iraqi . 
  he 's probably an iraqi feeling bad for his brothers . 
  i should know , i am an iraqi feeling bad for my brothers :( . 
  saab means hard in arabic ... 
  ironically sa'ad ( \u0633\u0639\u062f ) means happy in arabic . 
  saad is a common arabic name , i have a friend named saad . 
  yes . 
  its very bad . 
  i spawned in the iraq area and i have related players their . 
  i wish for the best in their game . 
  you are hiv aladeen . 
  i aladeened your comment . 
  i ? voted you too . 
  -2 upvotes ? 
  eyh, 
  i would like 2 , please, 
  you bastard !, 
  have a ? vote !, 
  my dad is sunni and my mom is shia but those are just identification . 
  we are muslims and have the same belief . 
  so we 're all sushi . 
  poor iraq :(, 
  it made me so mad to read what you have wrote , i 'm not sure if i want to dive further ... 
  these motherfuckers ... 
  i 'm sushi too !, 
  i 'm about to fix the alif problem , and here 's the [ font family ] ( http://www.zakdesign.net/index.php?app=core&amp;module=attach&amp;section=attach&amp;attach_id=3340 ) that i 'm using . 
  edit : ara hamah 1982 . 
  vote . 
  hey op , eat shit . 
  your a dumb ass . 
  you are offending an entire culture . 
  us iraqis are historically the best people on the planet . 
  we invented modern maths and sciences , we made an empire that stretched from tajikistan to portugal , and it was all based of of arabic culture . 
  arabic is the 6th most spoken language with over a billion speakers . 
  in the pre-sanction saddam era , we were a model for the middle east , baghdad was the most advanced city in the region . 
  and we had some of the most disciplined military on the planet . 
  we had clean water and running electricity and infrastructure . 
  it was beautiful . 
  then 420class ` murica came and ruined everything . 
  our soldiers gave up hope . 
  why did n't they want to learn ? 
  because they do n't want to take instructions from the people that litterly just tore their country apart . 
  and saying that us arabs are lazy ? 
  that 's a lie . 
  so it 's lazy that my people built the world 's largest building ( burj khaleefa , dubai , uae ) ? 
  is it lazy that our people have the highest gdp per capita ( qatar ) ? 
  is it lazy that we have some of the strongest militaries on the planet ( egypt , # 13 gfp ) ? 
  you are a lier , you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  go to classsweeden or where ever you come from . 
  your the fat asses with the second highest obesity rate . 
  if anyone 's lazy , it 's the americans . 
  edit : i do n't give a fuck if my karma takes a hit from this post , i 'm just standing up for my people . 
  you ca n't just bash a people on something a few of them do . 
  yes haha . 
  thanks anyway :p . 
  must, 
  now, 
   well not literally . 
  figuratively maybe . 
  and that 's as long as you count all americans among that group which is not really the case . 
  when i said `` litterly '' , i meant litterly . 
  cities flattened , innocent children and women tortured and killed , economy drop , no more infrastructure , just pure chaos . 
   burj khalifa had it 's origins from an american architect ( adrian smith ) , was designed by an american architectural firm ( skidmore , owings and merrill ) , and built by a south korean company ( samsung ) . 
  the actual physical labor was done by foreign workers . 
  nice try , but epic failure .
