  edit : they do n't . 
  as an iraqi with family in baghdad , i completely agree . 
  `` guys , were going to need a banana for scale . '', 
  so that women did n't go to paradise ? 
  poor women :(, 
  is it haram if i groan to this ? 
  i 'm of dieng plz annnnexx mefdslafdjksal ; fjdklsa ; fjkdl ; sajfkldsajkdla ; fj ; kdlas, 
  no da3sh donjfldka ; jf, 
  plz of savingzsdfdjklsjfdkl ; ajfdkl ; asjfkld ; ajfkdl ; as, 
  rip in peace iraq . 
  no i was n't i thought you were trolling by posting something fake . 
  haha , i 'm stupid . 
  not even the lenny face ? 
  but muh spam !, 
  serious . 
  i thought isis was no where near lebanon . 
  for disrupting my brothers league sessions . 
  i hate league of legends . 
  it 's never too late to start . 
  ^ psst ^ islam ^ winkwink ^ nudgenudge, 
  to add controversy , actually show mohhommed . 
  edit : as a muslim , i am both offended by this , and entertained . 
  still does n't offend jews . 
  still no jews . 
  why not burn the inteirty of israel while their at it . 
  the mayan calander thing from 2012, 
  ... the cops ? 
  broud to be an arabian . 
  aww man , i thought the cup will be in the arab world . 
  all jokes aside , morocco is doing great !, 
  i hate how it 's the kurdistan flag and not the iraqi flag . 
  i 've lost hope in iraq . 
  gather around kids , i will tell you a sto -, 
  does n't electro house have to have the `` kick snare kick snare '' pattern ? 
  yeah , she 's as muslim as miley cyrus is black . 
  kkk, 
  yo buddy , you know that christians , or what ever religion ( or lack there of ) you are , are just as bad . 
  if you look you can find many christian , athiest and jewish militias ( i 'm looking at you , idf ) . 
  it 's a tie between harmor and syrtrus, 
  maybe harmor because it can do more things , but i do n't know , i 'm a noob . 
  i got you bro , 
  proud to be a milky wayan !, 
  * removes article of clothing on head to reveal single tear of pride *, 
  what if the comic is in context of syria ? 
  is it still an iraqi ball ? 
  what if iraq and syria are in the same comic vs. isis . 
  do you draw a half iraq half syria ball with a headband ? 
  thou who shall disable stimulated paintings on mobile machinery shall be beheaded !, 
  except for spain . 
  so you 're saying that muslims are bad middle eastern ? 
  what is iraq ? 
  ( please be timen ! ), 
  hezbollah best bollah !, 
  add kebab !, 
  you are of best kebab !, 
  iraq can into little snow in kurdistan . 
  one of the reasons i do n't want the kurds to leave us . 
  they 're fighting is with us . 
  that 's because they are !, 
  went do you think glorious saddam hussein tried to cook them all !, 
  there are about 5 jews in iraq , and a few hundred atheists . 
  as a muslim , can confirm . 
  yeah i am too . 
  the reason everyone knows about militant islam is because 9/11 and those alqaeda clowns behind it . 
  mosul can also into isis . 
  palestine can into facebook !, 
  i milkywayed, 
  i give you the arabian smile -  \u062a, 
  made my day, 
  it shows separation . 
  if those kurds were really about unity , they would put an iraqi flag next to theirs , but they do n't . 
  honestly , gazans had nothing to lose and started suicide operations against israel . 
  when you 've got nothing to lose , why not ? 
  mine too . 
  my dad hated the conditions , but it was his iraq , so he stayed in the military . 
  my dad is the most badass person i know . 
  ` rabia, 
  do people still speak arabic there ? 
  i thought that was obvious . 
  as an iraqi , yes !, 
  iraqi here , we only have 8 jews !, 
  take that hitler !, 
  they were getting bombed straight to \u062c\u0647\u0646\u0645 and had no defense . 
  ya see , i hate to admit it but i 'm on russia 's on this one . 
  the us armed syrian rebels and are now planning airstrikes against isis ( which will lead to air strikes on assad ) and syria is a russian ally as it opens up the mediterranean for them . 
  so it makes just as much sense to the russians . 
  after all , its former russian land . 
  i 'm in no way saying russia is right , no country should invade another , and no country should arm rebels , however it makes sense strategically . 
  so when the us does it , it 's ok ? 
  i 'm not saying russia is right , both the us and russia are wrong and need to stop . 
  trust me , as an arab , i know . 
  you 're jewish ? 
  or you are asking the jews to not ban you ? 
  israel only wanted to test it 's shiny new weapons . 
  what better place than gaza ? 
  that 's definetly interesting . . 
  it kind of is , but i do n't see dead bodies offending anyone , do you ? 
  you 're alive !, 
  no one gives a fuck about arabic . 
  that 's the basics of it .
