  i also picked iraq as my favorite arab country that is n't my own because fuck da police . 
   you are the because, 
  had me in tears . 
  dude , i know that feel . 
  kari ? 
  what 's that ? 
  and to the christians one , [ yes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/trlg1qp.png ), 
  mohommed , that 's a bit extreme lol . 
  i do n't know about other muslims , but i believe that it does n't matter what faith you believe in , as long as you keep doing good in the world . 
  if you do enough good , no matter what faith , you will go to heaven . 
  i hope other faiths believe this too . 
  i see you caught on to the joke , not long before we see some really crazy ones . 
  mom shii and dad sunni . 
  he just owns it proudly !, 
  i half love you from removing isis and half hate you for trying to break away from the union . 
  kurdistan does n't exist . 
  you 're still in iraq . 
  edit : probably should mention i 'm baghdadi . 
  hey what about us arabs ? 
  were doing 3/4ths of the fighting and getting ** all ** the casualties and the kurds get all the praise when we get called corrupt . 
  which group has the most deaths ? 
  us arabs . 
  which group has the most fighters ? 
  the arabs . 
  its just that america prefers the kurds over us so they give them better weapons . 
  that was under maliki 's rule . 
  abadi is the one that is in charge of iraq now . 
  they 're still muslim : /, 
  well i do n't really know . 
  my family and our friends do n't believe in sects actually . 
  we just believe in pure islam . 
  we might lean towards sunni a bit because my fathers family is sunni , but i do n't know . 
  we probably still have a ton of shia in us too . 
  i play your name everyday . 
   but i was born in baghdad , the capital of the arab world , and insha'allah the rest of the world soon . 
  but if you were a man and you changed to a women , than why do you still like women ? 
  that 's just weird , and you lost your genitals for nothing . 
  well shit , i thought i loved you . 
  i know !, 
  lol the israel one . 
  i would expect that of them . 
  i mean we really are n't . 
  i think we have the most sarcastic and funny of the dialects . 
  if iraq is not leventine and not gulf , than what is it ? 
  are we just our little spot ? 
  made the picture a while back , decided making it into a meme to show the current situation in iraq would be funny . 
  when i lived in egypt , my house was exactly like this . 
  this is all because of that pig dog maliki . 
  the army was a joke because of all the ghost troops that maliki decided not to count . 
  if iraq was n't under maliki for so long , we could 've taken kurdistan 5 years ago . 
  it was the british and ottomans fault . 
  they gave us all these shit leaders and decided we will be ok . 
  when the kingdom was overthrown , the baathist party was in power . 
  we had so much faith in them and they betrayed us . 
  then america decides to squeeze it 's fatass into the whole situation because muh freedums iraq terrorist 9/11 . 
  mind you , saddam , while being an asshole , did a really great job of not letting terrorist groups into iraq . 
  after saddam 's fall and maliki got into power ( he was a shia and he decided revenge on the sunnis was the best idea ) a shit ton of sunni rebel groups fled the country because why would n't jihadis flood the country ? 
  protect sunnis , great food * and * fight america ? 
  of course they would come in . 
  that 's how isi became what it is . 
  isi became the strongest terrorist group in iraq and when the syrian civil war happened , it saw a chance to expand and become isis . 
  they first disguised themselves as part of the fsa as many other terrorist groups had so that they can get funding . 
  that 's how they got the power to take over mosul . 
  its ultimately the west 's fault that all this happened . 
  iraq was really strong before the us sanctions of 1991 . 
  kuwait would 've been a piece of cake without nato help . 
  this must be what acid is like . 
  they said they 're putting it on their streaming service for free , ca n't find the article now . 
  so isis is letting christians and jews live ? 
  you 're looking for/r/arabic . 
  that sub is kind of dead so good luck . 
  i believe in gender equality , but women seem to make it look like men are absolutely evil and against this . 
  / u/yuseff 's eyes are not beautiful , apparently . 
  the struggle is real, 
  good on you !, 
  friendliest and most apologetic caliphate to date . 
  / thread, 
  no fucking shit . 
  all you westerners are doing is saying `` go kurds '' and tiny miniscule airstrikes . 
  you guys started this and you need to end it . 
  actually , iran , syria , and iraq are intervening . 
  same here, 
  same way you started it . 
  started here , will end up on the rest of the internet by mid night . 
  this time on our side . 
  it wo n't take much as you guys are much more advanced , and it will prevent the murder of many iraqis a d syrians . 
  fine then . 
  live in your utopia blocked out from the reality that children are because of us invasion in 2003 . 
  that 's what sparked isis ( back then , isi ) . 
  have fun in your world . 
   we toppled a brutal dictator, 
  to replace him with someone even worse, 
   spent a decade building an army for you, 
  supervised by that pig dog of a prime minister you gave us . 
   building schools , hospitals ,, 
  the ones in the saddam era were much better , ask my cousin , she still lives there . 
   and you collapse under cowardice the moment we leave . 
  again , the army was supervised by nour al maliki and he does n't give a shit about anyone except himself and the shia . 
  now that he 's gone , we might have a chance of taking back isis . 
   then you have the nerve to blame us ?
