  who funds the `` free syrian army '' ? 
  the west . 
  who funds every single arab revolution , and intervenes in anything that might get it away from that sweet , sweet oil ? 
  the west . 
  my country , iraq , used to be a developed country under saddam 's rule . 
  but the american sanctions after america `` liberated '' kuwait from iraq , which was totally unjust , they said it was none of their business . 
  [ the transcript ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1990/09/23/world/confrontation-in-the-gulf-excerpts-from-iraqi-document-on-meeting-with-us-envoy.html?src=pm&amp;pagewanted=3 ), 
   i think i understand this . 
  i have lived here for years . 
  i admire your extraordinary efforts to rebuild your country . 
  i know you need funds . 
  we understand that and our opinion is that you should have the opportunity to rebuild your country . 
  but we have no opinion on the arab-arab conflicts , like your border disagreement with kuwait . 
   i was in the american embassy in kuwait during the late 60 's . 
  the instruction we had during this period was that we should express no opinion on this issue and that the issue is not associated with america . 
  james baker has directed our official spokesmen to emphasize this instruction . 
  we hope you can solve this problem using any suitable methods via klibi or via president mubarak . 
  all that we hope is that these issues are solved ** quickly ** \\* . 
  with regard to all of this , can i ask you to see how the issue appears to us ? 
  why did i put the '' * '' there ? 
  because america insisted they had said non violently . 
  later , in 2003 , on the basis of wmd 's , the usa invaded iraq and turned it into the absolute shithole it is today . 
  there were never terrorist organizations in iraq . 
  in fact , al qaeda in iraq was * created * to defend iraq from america . 
  as you see , i do n't want my countries to turn like the west . 
  i do n't want them to [ fund terrorist groups ] ( http://www.wjla.com/articles/2014/06/president-obama-seeks-500m-to-train-equip-syrian-rebels-104548.html ) , i do n't want them to support a settlers , and most of all , i do n't want them invading countries on the basis of lies . 
  in france , more people speak french than any other language . 
  in dubai , more people will speak other languages than arabic . 
  also , people are n't willing to learn arabic as they are willing to learn western languages like english or french . 
  wait, 
  they are not changing your countries rules and demanding change in tradition , are they ? 
  i 'm not saying that . 
  i 'm saying that * most * of it 's conflicts are from the west . 
  and i do n't want that . 
  that almost happened to me when i was ten , but my dad was a hard core muslim ( which kind of rubs on me today ) so he forced me to relearn arabic . 
  also , those tv shows are very cringe worthly funny . 
  i might be paranoid about this . 
  it has n't happened in any arab country . 
  i might be a hypocrite , but i am scared because this never happened in any arab country . 
  i might be just paranoid . 
  `` oh were just defending ourselves ! '', 
  yeah right . 
  and the world backs those guys ? 
  i second this movement !, 
  its great !, 
  it could have used a little bit of switch up when it was about to drop . 
  but what do i know ? 
  i 'm new . 
  this is great work !, 
  i 'm hoping that it 'll be a mix of europa universalis where you plan where you are going to attack , then it will switch to first person view and you will carry out your attack as the leader of that squad . 
  damn that would be awesome . 
  because the world * loves * israel . 
  when palestinian kids get burned alive , it 's self defense . 
  neither did osama bin ladin . 
  it 's literally everywhere . 
  i 'm too scared to look at the pictures because i know israel has no mercy . 
  this is heart breaking . 
  haha that 's genius !, 
  and i 'm sitting here looking at all these names . 
  my name is taha , that should be easy to make into something , right ? 
  my brain sucks . 
  how about ztars ? 
  i 've already made a logo for it . 
  i 'm wondering if i 'll get copyright strikes by nintendo for using one of their items as my name . 
  i 'd sugget fl studio , but everyone has their own opinion . 
  what makes fl studio unique , is it 's pattern system . 
  i ca n't explain it , it 's just so amazing !, 
  yeah , but if soldiers are invading , they are going to destroy some things . 
  that could be a problem . 
  how about now ? 
  well , thanks for that . 
  we have always been together . 
  we are strengthening now . 
  sand and oil and all them ancient civilizations run through my blood , yo . 
  this is the best thing i 've read . 
  select difficulty :, 
  israel : anything you do would be forgiven . 
  west : only some things would be forgiven . 
  arab : the world hates you and nothing you do is right . 
  arab muslim : your automatically a terrorist for everything you do . 
  i got my comment witch sourced all of israeli massacres deleted . 
  it was the best comment i 've ever written . 
  i might be the only arab that does n't have a giant nose . 
  on second thought , looking at the [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6u4db5m.jpg ) it does seem kind of big . 
  if you have religious parents , and you are arab , then you will probably die the minute you say it . 
  i just gave up on producing my first track . 
  i need to learn music theory , any good sites ? 
  i think it only let 's you type, 
  i want to be in, 
  i decided i should keep the melody , but i want to start over . 
  thanks for the advice , i will definitely look into music theory . 
  i think there is a way to add people , but i 'm not sure . 
  of course it is going to get vetoed by the usa . 
  trust me , no matter how unanimous it is , the big 5 will always have the ability to veto . 
  as an iraqi , that was a big fuck up . 
  its true . 
  they have no evidence showing that hamas kidnapped the kids . 
  the rockets were n't even fired by hamas , infact , hamas stopped the people firing rockets . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't link but i will later . 
  iraqi here , can confirm .
