  female dog are you a a substance that happens to be half liquid and half solid and also happens to jiggle a lot ? 
  this basically happened because iran refused to give oil to europe and the us so they `` liberated '' iran so that they would give them oil . 
  glory for pan-space-arabia !, 
  you have the most perfect name ever . 
  literally everyone . 
  also , track link ? 
  oh god i have n't laughed this hard in a while !, 
  the reason hamas declined was because, 
  a ) they were enraged of being blamed for what a rogue palestinian did . 
  b ) israel did not except the palestinian terms for ceasefire , so in reality , israel declined it . 
  israel wanted to keep innocent prisoners in jail that did nothing wrong . 
  i 'd slowly take over baghdad , then the rest of iraq and al sham and make it democratic . 
  of course i would take kuwait someday , as kuwait is rightful iraqi clay . 
  still rightful iraqi clay . 
  i applaud the gulfies for this achievement . 
  the uae is trying to be western while trying to be pan arab at the same time . 
  i wish more countries would 've joined this program . 
  i really wanted to see a space camel . 
  so you are justifying the killing of hundreds of civilians ? 
  what if the tables were flipped ? 
  what if a couple hundred israelis died with 1 palestinian dead . 
  what if israel started it ? 
  the world would be in outrage . 
  this is n't about who started it or who ended it . 
  this is purely race and religion . 
  no one gives a shit about brown muslim arabs , but everyone cares about white jewish israelis . 
  ~ 250 civilians killed over one rocket is a war crime . 
  this should be a case in international court . 
  one website i linked to , http://countthekids.com , shows how many palestinian kids an israeli kid is worth . 
  simply put , this is * not * self defense . 
  this is outright war crimes . 
  if killing women and children is ok to you , you have no soul . 
  make dubai a priority . 
  dat mall doe . 
  and that space program too !, 
  ok . good luck !, 
  i , a sushi , and all my sunni and shia iraqi friends want to stay a united country . 
  all of their families want to stay a united country . 
  the only people that want to break apart are the tribal leaders in the western provinces , however , with the changing government , and the is 's increased brutality , the tribal leaders have started to hate the is and want to join back iraq . 
  militants are leaving the group in fear of death . 
  seriously ? 
  why does it keep getting deleted . 
  ok , good luck !, 
  well i did read it on poland ball ; someone said if iran did n't change its regime , europe would be a second world shithole . 
  damn it taha get your facts straight !, 
  i lost . 
  arabs are warmongerers and israelis are jewish angels . 
  however , israel is not just firing bombs , they are committing war crimes . 
  war is not about who starts and who ends , war is about the cost and the crimes of it . 
  ok , so what if israel has the right to `` protect itself '' ? 
  that does not justify [ burning an innocent boy alive ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/05/palestinian-boy-mohammed-abu-khdeir-burned-alive ) . 
  killing women and children or burning boys alive is a war crime . 
  also , take what reddit tells you with a grain of salt . 
  the palestinians are not using women and children as human shields . 
  us arabs do n't do that . 
  also , if arabs were white and not muslim , this would 've ended a long time ago . 
  but the world is always racist , so you guys favor the white jews over us . 
  also , you have failed to provide any sources or valid information . 
  you also keep jumping to conclusions . 
  good luck to you both !, 
  i should n't have entered this thread . 
  you . 
  it was a joke and i was expecting rekt comments . 
  wtf who does that ? 
  jizya is ancient , they are living a millennium ago . 
  this da3ish is stupid . 
  oops, 
  i misread it . 
  graphs can be hard sometimes . 
  excuse my ignorance , but who is fiarouz ? 
  who diaphragms their words that much when typing ? 
  i get it if you are writing , but typing ? 
  you seem to really hate me . 
  i was only 8 when i left the arab world . 
  i have held on to my arabic , i have kept up with the politics , and i have read the books . 
  the only too arab things i fail at is identifying people , and the music . 
  i 'm sorry if i offended you , if my first comment is offensive , i will delete it . 
  thanks for not mocking me . 
  seams like a very nice lady . 
  older than 8, 
  ok now that 's just plain mean . 
  you have bean forgiven . 
  nice try , jidf !, 
  i 'll check it out when i get home . 
  i 'm at a friends place now , i 'll tell you what u think at ~ midnight . 
  if i were to pick any other country , it would be syria . 
  fucking best country on the planet . 
  same , i was on vacation , and they were * the * nicest people ever . 
  we have successfully became the first people to go back a mellenium , we are leaders in civil unrest , and we have the most divided people ever . 
  i wish i was born another time ... 
  as an arab , this picture breaks my heart . 
  in dubai , the arab culture and customs are quickly fading away . 
  soon enough , there will be more white people and non arabic speakers living in an arab country . 
  they are forgetting where they come from , they are building foreign buildings , bigger than the originals , and forgetting where they are . 
  arabia . 
  all this global city shit , but no epic version of an arab sight . 
  no babylon tower , no pyramids , and even if there are , they are way less visited than the new eiffel of arabia and taj arabia . 
  the middle east is only like this because of the west . 
  who funds israel ? 
  the west .
