  we do n't kill jewish people , only israelis . 
   gays, 
  look at france , russia , china and other countries . 
  even the british have a hard time dealing with it . 
  beat the heat bro , you ai n't tough enough ? 
  46 degrees c is hot but i 'm sure the pros can handle it . 
   slave conditions . 
  in the words of / u/breakingbad8 :, 
   no , there have n't been - there has undoubtedly been a significant number of deaths but outlets like the guardian are grossly exaggerating the situation and trying to link many deaths to the wc as possible in a bid to paint it as being some kind of mass slave scheme . 
  for example - see this article on there being 500 indian workers dead since qatar won the wc :, 
   http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/18/qatar-world-cup -, 
   or this article , which has been carried by many other outlets , claiming that 4,000 will die by 2022 :, 
   http://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2013/sep/26/qatar-world-cup-migrant-workers-dead, 
   never mind that there are far more southeast asians in qatar than qataris and that this naturally means there will be a significant number of deaths amongst these communities , and never mind that both articles acknowledge that the cause of death in many cases discussed in the articles is not known . 
  sensationalism like these sells , and gross exaggerations therefore carry the day instead of objective journalism . 
  you know how some people keep listening to that one song all day ? 
  yeah , that 's what i mean . 
  it says nothing in the qur ` an about listening to music ... 
  it must be some sort of western myth / untrusted hadith, 
  not really a rock band but whatever , still music creators . 
  there are many more but these are the ones that popped into my head immediately . 
  i am proud to have voiced such an * intolerable * opinion on the internet to be called a troll . 
  sir i am an iraqi refugee that had to move to the united states because no other country accepted me . 
  i 'm not going to tell you my life story but here 's why i refuged . 
  every day is a horror story . 
  american tanks in front of our house , us bombings at the city and many more things . 
  i have almost died 3 times . 
  but \u0623\u0644\u062d\u0645\u062f \u0644\u0644\u0647 i got out of there safely . 
  ever since i got to the usa , i 've bean bullied , questioned , and called names by americans . 
  they all thought i was going to blow them up or something . 
  since then , i 've known how much the usa hates our culture so they will pick on the most normal things . 
  dressing modestly is really not only a muslim / arab tradition . 
  it is a non slut / asshole tradition . 
  if you want to dress like a whore then you can on your own ground . 
  but here in our lands , we are actually aware of the feeling of shyness / modesty . 
  i 've never supported the qatari government , but by god i will this time . 
  do they cover your knees ? 
  i support algeria . 
  how can a normal being support invading other countries for fun , a flawed health system , and to top it off , an oligarchy ? 
  the us only just recently gave people gay rights . 
  well that 's the problem . 
  ever since the us invasion , groups like isil and alqaeda and alshabab tried to blow up everything . 
  a world cup in iraq would end very badly . 
  now that i think about it , yeah . 
  it would be a good idea . 
  shame them into fixing it !, 
  no ... what did it say ? 
  what font is that ? 
  i would be glad to see these betrayers gone . 
  without them , iraq can prosper . 
  edit : oh god i sound like a racist now . 
  only the ones that want a new nation are the betrayers . 
  no offense to kurds , in fact some of my family is kurdish . 
  no offense to kurds , but they never think of them selves as iraqi . 
  they think kurdistan is a real nation and want to make it one . 
  now that they have their own nation , they better stop bitching about it on our land . 
  no offense , i like kurds . 
  but those that keep bringing up the genocide , and want to create a nation are the ones that get on my nerves . 
  i would love a working , unified iraq , but the ruling powers are making it so that we have to separate . 
  i would love to get along with kurds and such , but sadly we can not . 
  [ look at this article or its comments for example . 
  these people are hungry for independence . 
  ] ( http://rudaw.net/english/opinion/19022014 ), 
  again , i would love a unified iraq , but sadly , that wo n't be able to happen . 
   2015 upvotes, 
  mother of jesus ... 
  yes i am aware of the good kurds , i do n't mind those . 
  its just the ones that completely want to separate from iraq, 
  can confirm , am iraqi . 
  our nations need some fixing . 
  yes , i know its a colony , but you know what else is a colony ? 
  america . 
  america is the worlds strongest nation in military and has the second highest gdp behind the eu . 
  i hope we can turn things around . 
   second largest city, 
  bull shit . 
   [ article ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/militants-seize-mosul-iraqs-second-largest-city-075058835.html ), 
  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkkkkk . 
  i have family there . 
  god damn the terrorist and our government . 
  rooting for my algerian brothers , woot woot !, 
  all this is lies . 
  have you lived in iraq ? 
  i have kurdish family and they were never targeted . 
  they were given all the privileges an arab was . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  the only kurds that were targeted were the ones that tried to assassinate saddam . 
  because the ( shiite only ) iraqi government is installed by the us and under the control of iran . 
  my dad is sunni and my mom is shia . 
  in his grave . 
  other than the genocide and shit , he was a nice dude . 
  i do n't have a picture but he held me as a baby . 
  the iraqi army that fought america and was under saddam got disbanded . 
  this is the government 's fault . 
  fuck indeed . 
  i have family there . 
  shows how much americans help , does n't it ? 
  a quick google translate says :, 
   yes , nationalism and secularism is the only way to progress in the deaths of all the terrorists and scum of age, 
   yes , nationalism and secularism is the only way to progress in the deaths of all the terrorists and scum of age,
