  is forgetting half of your arabic , having a boyfriend , and having your whole personality change part of arab culture ? 
  you tell me . 
  it was probably just for fun . 
  but do n't you think its a little drastic if it happened in less than a year ? 
  religion does n't go from being fully followed to abandoned in a year . 
  clothing does n't go from modest to ghetto in a year . 
  its all horrible . 
   the netherlands had the highest gdp per capita, 
  [ false ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita ), 
  is that a real one ? 
   was, 
  oops haha . 
  my phone is wierd . 
  i upvoted myself , and you for reminding me . 
  thanks !, 
  so i add my text in the, 
  content : '' '' ;, 
  polancannotintospace :(, 
  you are litterly everyone combined to one person . 
  tell me when you when presidency for the world union of the planet earth . 
  ahh poland . 
  uniting countries since wwi, 
  my dad was born in 1970, 
  * ahem * saddam * ahem *, 
  smoke . 
  weed . 
  every . 
  day . 
  the thing is , that if that dome got destroyed , the us will ( hopefully ) cut support for israel and all the muslim countries will band together and fight israel . 
   giving the land to palestinians is retarded . 
  so giving land that belonged to the originals is retarded ? 
  what 's wrong with arabs ? 
  i 'm starting to smell racks . 
  sir . 
  i agree with the israelis being wrong , but wtf . 
  i 'm pretty sure the israelis want their state , just like i want iraq . 
  best answer :, 
  * split libya in half between egypt and algeria temporarily . 
  * install new government ( one that is good ) . 
  because according to egypt , egypt is arab world . 
  not much ... iraq is still full of shi'ite . 
  aside from that racist joke , iraq is getting worse and worse by the day . 
  i think this women is gon na need some reindeer with that slay . 
  yes . 
  / r/eyebleach, 
  does that mean that ... 
  the land between 2 rivers is no more ... 
  same . 
  except that i 'm an iraqi muslim that is also an arab . 
  i got it much tougher than you brother . 
  actually in is spain , brazil . 
  it 's not autistic . 
  i see nothing wrong with sticking to your language and protesting against all english speakers . 
  if i see people speaking another language in a game , i pull up google translate and tell them to use google translate and we communicate through google translate . 
  it 's that simple . 
  chinese only websites do n't get you anywhere . 
  if i could give you gold i would . 
   the syrian regime are terrorists . 
  nope nope nope . 
  assad is a dictator . 
  not a terrorist . 
  if anything the revolutionaries are terrorists . 
  they used sarin gas against civilians and suicide bomb all the time . 
  the goverment , while bieng oppressive , is still the rightous one . 
  the revolutionaries were good untill the jihadists saw the chance to create a sharia , jihadist state . 
  and to think , the us funds those guys . 
  oh i thought that you meant that the other person does n't know english . 
  so your saying that they are a retard if they only use those words ? 
  sorry for mixing it up . 
  yes . 
  texas ball cute level is over 9000 !, 
  shut you up you cute little guy . 
  [ green text , iraqi text !, 
  ] ( #green - text ), 
  desktops can be gifs ? 
   heck, 
  your post gave me cancer . 
  i guess you can say ,, 
  she has cake . 
  yes . 
  it 's because the west really hates arabs and muslims . 
  you do n't know how many times i get called a terrorist ... sometimes they mean it . 
  so they target qatar because it 's not a western country , even though they are good allies to the west . 
  you wo n't be getting anything out of the iraqis . 
  they 're mostly dead , and the ones that are alive retired and never want to speak of it again . 
  * yes . 
  tittifuck tyree . 
  relevant username . 
  edit 11 . 
  yes . 
  stop flooding me with these puns !, 
  he deleted his comment . 
  can you tell me what it was ? 
  the israelis on this page are fucking stupid . 
  the arab world is not stupid . 
  we contain some of the worlds most strongest and well developed nations . 
  i 'm not saying that israelis are bad , its just that the ones on this page do n't recognize the concept of peace and believe the arabs are terrorists . 
  get a fucking life people . 
  edit : i was implying that the israelis do n't respect us and we do n't respect them . 
  i might 've said it the more harshly but my point still stands,
