  sike , you do n't . 
  were commies . 
  i am an iraqi . 
  muslim hug brother :'( . 
  also repost, 
  got my grandma on speed dial call it instagram !, 
  fucked the whole universe call it big bang . 
  any way this does belong in / r/behindthegifs . 
  this is funny but learn your places people . 
  fine i give up . 
  you gave me a good laugh tho . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  you win, 
  commie bastards, 
  school forms do n't have middle eastern so i check white . 
  i guess you can say, 
  its over 9000 !!!, 
   skater girls in tehran, 
  see ? 
  not all muslims are terrorists . 
  i take offense to the iraq one . 
  not all iraqis are terrorists dammit !, 
  not all muslims are terrorists !, 
  do n't be asian, 
  thanks , i wish i could change it . 
  soo ... it turns into ketchup ? 
  assert your dominance !, 
  then some arab guy walks in :, 
  in unison the english and chinese person say :, 
  `` terrorist ! '', 
  [ i broke the chain ! ], 
  mandarin has english beat because of the sheer population of china and other mandarin speaking countries . 
  your upvote to down vote is 6/9 . 
  i 'll just leave it there . 
  this . 
  that would be hard to figure out . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  america funds the rebels who are actually foreign jihadists wanting sharia law . 
  you should 've drawn assad 's flag . 
  iraq is also making progress . 
  i plan on visiting my family soon . 
  o british master , why of leave and betray me ? 
  you sir , are an ignorant islamaphobic , unknowing faggot . 
  you know people live there right ? 
  people of great ideas . 
  the middle east , specifically iraq and the rest of mesopatamia was the cradle of civilization . 
  sumer , the first ever civilization was located in modern day basrah , iraq . 
  sumer ** invented the fucking wheel !, 
  ** early muslims , especially in the saudi parts created modern day math and algebra . 
  there is a reason numbers are called arabic numerals . 
  speaking of arabic ( badum tiss ) , the arabic language was invented in the middle east and is now the 6th most spoken language on the planet . 
  mecca and madina are the most important cities to muslims around the world . 
  and the fact that you guys even * suggest * destroying the middle east makes me shudder . 
  people live there and great cities are there . 
  it will be a pain in the ass to get the people out of the cities . 
  if this was to go through , it would spark mass riots in dubai , muscat , doha , riyadh , mecca , madina , amman , baghdad , kuwait city , tehran , istanbul , ankara , cairo , and numerous other places including cities in the us and russia . 
  muslims all around the world would be enraged . 
  i would go to downtown baghdad and refuse to move . 
  i am an iraqi and american citizen so they ca n't shoot me . 
  iraq is a united country . 
  it got invaded by nato in 2003 but it is restabilizing . 
  syria is the country your thinking of . 
  i think your still stuck in 2006 ... 
  sorry i took it the wrong way . 
  think about if someone said their making america into a goldmine , you would be enraged to right ? 
  this is a touchy subject , even on a lighthearted subreddit , be careful i 'm the future . 
  where do you get this stuff ? 
  does the name syria translate to iraq in your mind ? 
  iraq is doing ok right now . 
  of course there is a suicide bomber here and there , but as soon the government can get itself together , the country will be good . 
  the people are already united . 
  what smartwatch is that ? 
  you need to watch your mouth you inconsiderate jerk !, 
  * cries in a corner *, 
  give it 2 years at least . 
  there are people that hate americans and the government is still unstable , but we are making progress . 
  soon enough my friend , * soon enough * . 
  in triangle nc , no spear here . 
  politics . 
   iraq is in a cival war . 
  no the hell its not . 
   syria is in south america right ? 
  yea - no . 
   america can single handedly take on the world !, 
  your kidding me right ? 
  russia has 1000 more nukes than the us does . 
  if china does sanctions on you , you ca n't get shit . 
  every single product you see would n't be here . 
  america ca n't survive by itself . 
  you do n't go on the sub 's i go too . 
  its ok :p, 
   i never asked for this . 
  ftfy . 
  new super mario bros wii, 
  arab stronk, 
  young moooolaaaaaaaaaaaa babyyyyyyy !, 
  / r/wtf dude !, 
  i 'm having nightmares about bunny 's tonight !, 
  at least say cross posted it !,
