  the whole world ca n't be wrong , can it ? 
  the racism is strong with this one . 
  that guy looks pretty khalleji to me . 
  so just because its dubai , that guy has to be south east asian ? 
  well , dubai is an emirate and a city , not a country , but your point still stands . 
   but no one for the love of god is generalizing people lol you fucking retards !, 
  downvote me you dicksabers downvote me lol do itttttt internet karma is a jokeee lets all ignore the events that took place , words used , the everything muahahah devils advocate over a joke , my god , im still right, 
  gladly . 
  some people are just so stupid , i wonder how they came into this world in the first place , and i hope that they do n't reproduce . 
  ever . 
  there goes another innocent life claimed by the devil that is isis . 
  your comment is a huge mess lol , i do n't understand a thing . 
  i 'm assuming you 're a westerner , therefore you guys have better english than the rest of the world , so you should know how to format your comment correctly . 
  i was pointing at the comment in the link i posted , not the actual reddit post . 
  some guy assumed that a slave was getting tortured by his emirati owner so that he could get eaten or something . 
  i think the link sent you to a wrong place . 
  yes the animal thing maybe correct , dubai still needs fixing . 
  edit : the guy said :, 
   i hate that video . 
  racist , aristocratic arabs torturing their south asian slave by kicking him into an even more terrified animal that they keep in a carpeted room like it 's a rich man 's a chihuahua ... the rage is overwhelming . 
  here 's [ the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdvez7rhzui ) it was a tiny prank . 
  that guy that was getting pushed was not a slave . 
  is n't that what this sub is about ? 
  this might change your mind . 
  that guy is speaking arabic . 
  also : last time i checked , slaves do n't use smartphones . 
  merry christmas , lion of iraq !, 
  we would have peace ? 
  would n't you get shot if you were openly gay in gaza ? 
  the `` i '' is for infidel because infidels have rights too !, 
  i was personally sexually attracted to it . 
  do n't know about you . 
  we do , but the media does n't want us to hear about it . 
  if he really thought like this , than why was n't he a nazi ? 
  do it for bahrain / u/beefjerking, 
  you of forgettings al sudan . 
  i doubt this 'll be finished , bit i how i 'm wrong . 
  how to drop the bass . 
  edit : i did n't get learned :(, 
  i was really looking forward to it . . 
  eeyy good game *** allahu akbaaaaaar !!!, 
  [ absolutely halal  ] ( https://new4.fjcdn.com/comments/show+media+_8687337bbd2aa1b8d2606463dcd3cd78.jpg ), 
  i like you too , 
  that was the best part . 
  it sucks but its true . 
  russia almost looks cute in the last panel . 
  the fap chronicles . 
  ca n't wait for the movie . 
  as an iraqi , this was very heartwarming for me , 
  oh what fun it is to ride, 
  with an infidel to slay !, 
  vodka break over anything else . 
  oooh burn !, 
  what does \u0628\u0644\u0648 mean lol . 
  if you where going for ` what ' i would suggest \u0634\u0646\u0648 . 
  ** burn **, 
  what does \u0627\u062d\u0627 mean, 
  well there 's a word i 'm going to use for the rest of my life , thank you !, 
  or a syrian . 
  seriously , they 're the best . 
  only yemen and the emirates have survived . 
  i hate xd . 
  makes me want to slap anyone who uses it because the best they can do to reply to something is to xd at it , not use words to describe its funniness , but xd . 
  also , it makes you sound like one of those 12 year olds whose live revolves around minecraft . 
  i 'd enjoy fucking her on a donkey too . 
  i would get dolphin if it had the tabs with the multitasking button like chrome has . 
  second this so hard . 
  burn . 
  but we know that greece can into 4th reich !, 
  love how canada said sorry when kebab killed it . 
  am i doing it right ? 
  [ nothing compared to the neo-neo-ba ` athist ultra nationalist empire republic of arab babylon ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aoiz5nb.png ), 
  ( made this myself :d ), 
  if the turks and the greeks can have parts of cyprus , then why ca n't we ? 
  if you did n't understand that , then you really need to learn arabic . 
  respect the language just as immigrants from arab countries respect yours . 
  cheers !, 
  this . 
  believe it or not , you can buy shataf in any country !, 
  just search `` bidget '' on ebay , and it should come with instalation manual so that you can install your very own shataf !, 
  you 're going to * live * in an * arab * country with * arabs * , and expect to be just fine without the knowledge to read ? 
  when i moved from iraq to the usa i knew how to read and write both english and arabic , and we fully expect you to be able to too . 
  not to mention , all the government papers will be in arabic also . 
  people wo n't really take you seriously if you make normal conversations in english . 
  you will need to learn arabic at some point . 
  yes but he is going to live there , not on a buisness trip . 
  he will need a way to make conversations with his friend more natural and not awkward , and that will be to speak their mother tongue . 
  what i was sating is that english would be a bit awkward . 
  and also , in the emirates and qatar , arabic speakers are becoming a minority . 
  next thing we know , english becomes an official language and qatar starts losing its arab culture in favor of a western one . 
  if they 're coming to our countries , then they have to respect our culture by learning our language and practicing arab culture ( note , this is n't necessarily muslim culture . ), 
  just as we learn their languages and practice their culture . 
  a democracy , duh . 
  but i think economics is important . 
  i think the government should allow a half communist half capitalist economy by giving essentials ( a simple computer , internet , food , water , chai , electricity , medical services , etc. . . ) free , and the nonessentials such as additions to the essentials or other things can be for money . 
  that 's why i 'm trying to get him to learn arabic . 
  the micro gulf states ( bahrain , qatar , kuwait , uae ) are quickly losing their arabness due to people coming from western countries and not using arabic / not adapting to the arab culture . 
  i 'm scared that this will further progress until they become just like the british colonies in america . 
  i do n't want it to turn into all out communism , just the important things should be free for everyone . 
  i thought it was going to be the one where he did n't translate the word and said astaghfurallah .
