  we know css is markup but we plan on making websites too . 
  i will always post this where ever there is iraqi pride . 
  come on make your colors work, 
  they were beating a dead horse, 
  arab snoopdogg, 
  i make music , does that count ? 
  but seriously : [ here 's an egyptian folk song redone into dubstep by an israeli guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi32suaqjka ), 
  i am too . 
  but * someone * does n't like my work . 
  ahem ahem ( he 's not baghdadi guy , literally the only other native mod ), 
  i have no idea who added him or why they did . 
  i think it was akkadi because neither me or baghdadi guy feel comfortable about this guy . 
  akkadi said he wanted css help , but he looked over me for some reason , i do css too . 
  sorry probs was n't there . 
  i just do n't like the guy . 
  does it really matter ? 
  / r/kurdistan is a shithole . 
  the real kurds ( like my aunt ) are really nice people !, 
  not that i have anything against that , but most jews do n't stay loyal to their arab country . 
  i love you for this ? 
  he streamed yesterday . 
  ice dawlla tee frum mcdawnalds , i drink dat . 
  2 and a haff men , i watch dat . 
  iraqon i can live without of you , valentine . 
  same thing amirite, 
  tfw not the most important city in islamic history :(, 
  why does the west control them ? 
  colonialism is a curse . 
  terrorists do n't have to be religious . 
  especially when you 're a muslim and the entire planet hates you . 
  its not even confirmed that this was a muslim , but people go right ahead and assume . 
  how would we know this is n't another parking dispute ? 
  the guys had a bad day and did n't find a parking spot so they shot 3 people . 
  does this sound familiar to you ? 
  because muslims got no solidarity in the chapel hill attack because it was a fucking parking dispute . 
  a parking dispute . 
  who the fuck would shoot someone over a parking dispute and turn themselves in . 
  its hate crime people !, 
  it that is off topic . 
  the point is that when a muslim does something , we have to denounce them , but when a white person does something , there 's always a bullshit excuse . 
  i am a muslim , ama, 
  you are n't either , so why do n't you fuck off first . 
  with the coverage of this attack in the united states , you 'd think that denmark is a us state and that north carolina is in eastern europe . 
  i 'm not blaming the victims i 'm just angry at the coverage and the excuses made to protect the chapel hill guy . 
  but when this happens , you all automatically assume it 's muslims . 
  could be a coincidence just like how the big bang just randomly happened or how were so far the only planet with life . 
  if you believe that all of these are coincidences , than this problem could be one too . 
  they do n't have to be muslims . 
  thanks for making my day , 
  i 'm iraqi and i love you both as well !, 
  we 're all in this together . 
  [ of course it has to do with isis ] ( https://www.reddit.com/comments/2dskky/slug/cjsq892 ), 
  this , right here , is the * absolute best * a green text can be . 
  thank you for sharing this wonder . 
  i hope he 's an * explosive * success, 
  i love how reddit donates for the christians only and not the muslims in iraq or syria . 
  not that i have anything against coptics , it 's just that non muslims always get the better treatment here on reddit . 
  name him and al-sharmuta bin khara . 
  you will rake all the money . 
  maybe they are ... 
  is there an economic crisis in our beloved muhafatha that i do n't know about ? 
  even though you guys are rebellious , we still care . 
  i ca n't get one fucking day without anti islam on reddit . 
  imagine if i were to shit on athiests or christians . 
  you guys would never upvote that and you would spam me with anti muslim things . 
  yah but i did none of that . 
  neither did most muslims . 
  in fact , its us muslims who suffer the most from isis . 
  being from iraq , i 've lost a ton of family to them . 
  fuck you for making it worse . 
  i expect it to * not * reach / r/all . 
  i thought that everyone had standards , apparently not . 
  yes because i alone can get rid of the world 's most dangerous terrorist group . 
  i 'm even the us ca n't take down alqaeda , you expect us to take down their stronger counterparts ? 
  i do n't care if its verbal , but * drawing a picture of our beloved prophet shitting in his own mouth * is vile , disgusting , and just out right wrong . 
  people never do that to christians or atheists . 
  if only we can make it through this hard period of colonization and discrimination , we will emerge as world powers again . 
  i have faith in us . 
  nope . 
  no terrorists targeted america from iraq . 
  hell saddam did such a good job that * there were no terrorists * in iraq before the invasion . 
  i mean , i kind of lived in iraq during saddam 's time . 
  in baghdad , life was fine . 
  oh i thought you were talking about how he was brutal to the people . 
  my bad . 
  i like the current one . 
  implying saudi arabia is a religion . 
  you 're only foreign to other people outside your country . 
  americans do n't consider themselves foreigners , you should n't either . 
  yes there is . 
  you , nor i have ever heard of terrorist attacks in iraq before 2003 all of them were kept out . 
  i was making that argument because in american sniper was about iraq . 
  * slow clap *, 
  jesus number 7 !, 
  i really want to go to this museum some day . 
  i love you so much for this !, 
  it is reddit as a whole that is getting more and more religious & arab hate . 
  not even the christians are safe . 
  at least balochistan and bashkortostan exist , 
  realer than kurdistan ,
