  well , turkey and the us are already part of nato and all carry nato nukes . 
  they are obligated by law to protect each other . 
  iran on the other hand ... 
  as an iraqi i would love it if you too could work together . 
  please ? 
  yeah , no . 
  i 'm sure that no iraqi would approve of this . 
  i know i would n't . 
  ca n't tell if sarcastic / troll , or non english speaker . 
  its true . 
  you do n't see mexico or canada invading countries for a democrazy . 
  well the thing in iraq is the fucking borders man . 
  all the countries need to redraw the borders to give the kurds their own country , dispose of tiny countries , and combine some of the countries . 
  iraqi here , my parents were born into the golden age of iraq . 
  not this fucking bull shit . 
  shut up . 
  i am a muslim and to blame an entire religion on something .00001 percent of it does is entirely wrong . 
  i would be ok with redrawing the map , but not with creating 3 different nations . 
  and this is why i am rooting for iran in the world cup . 
  it 's tommorow already ... 
  the power that 's inside ? 
  oh nevermind that 's the arion version . 
  ... make a petition to the president to work with iran ? 
  was just about to say this . 
  well , maliki is n't nice to foreigners . 
  and on an individual level , non of us can do anything . 
  we need mass protests . 
  this is where the problem lies . 
  it looks like its all to hell with iraq . 
  god bless all of our families and god damn da3esh . 
  iran is not that bad . 
  sure they may have sharia , but they are some of the nicest people i know . 
  rake away the internet censorship and i 'd be glad to live in iran . 
  still though i would not want iran to take over iraq but if i had to choose between them and da3esh , i would choose iran . 
  iran will probably help as the leaders there are closely connected to our pm . 
  our pm is shit so no matter what , it would end up in iraq either divided or non existing . 
  they do n't even have a chance . 
  well , maybe in iraq and yemen and libya , but no where other than that . 
  its not that they * ca n't * , its that they do n't * want * to . 
  because the sunni higher ups could n't decide weather da3esh or our government was worse . 
  maliki is * that * bad . 
  sorry for the misspelling , will fix that . 
  but i do n't know a lot about libya , but from what i 've heard , its in a bad state now and terrorists are gaining traction . 
  i do n't know so feel free to correct me . 
  oh god !, 
  the adults are finding out !, 
  when i was 10 i was growing a mustache . 
  i had to shave by 13 . 
  its kind of in our culture . 
  you can , however , tell him to clean it up after he leaves or be more careful when using it . 
  pfft that 's normal . 
  just ask him to wipe it off when he is done . 
  egypt ranks 13 on [ gfp ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/ ), 
  spain is a nato ally . 
  this is litterely the worst time and place to use this meme . 
  this is some serious stuff . 
  ** and dont you dare to tell me to deal with it . 
  i personally think it would be rude to kick someone out on a matter this small . 
  he would hate you for ever . 
  i have one question , why does n't this post have any upvotes ? 
  there are many other news articles that are about india planting trees and the pope in a car , and those have thousands of upvotes , when something huge like this that has the potential to impact thousands of lives , has no upvotes compared to the other posts . 
  do people seriously not give a shit about the country they fucked up , or how it 's coming to bite them in the ass ? 
  in the end , the want to achieve [ this ] ( http://i.4cdn.org/int/1402691480888.jpg ), 
  oops haha . 
  forgot to add the video , it 's there now . 
  wtf is wrong with people that say `` haha '' every 2 words ? 
  its seriously annoying . 
  i had no fun reading that . 
  [ disscussion thread with helpful articles over in / r/iraq !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iraq/comments/27x64n/iraqi_crisis_open_discussion_sticky_thread/ ), 
  if the mods do n't mind ... 
  [ defend kebab - iraq strong !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njra9aazq2i ), 
  your mom can into so much fat , when she of wantings water bed , they of puttings blanket over atlantic ocean . 
  remove maliki from premise you are of worse maliki you ruin great mesopetamia you ruin great babylon you not givings shit to sunni or shia you are fagget of worse maliki bring defend saddam remove maliki from premise you are of worse maliki you can into dyhings in hole in never ending hells fire remove from premise now you are of worse maliki go home and play with your little kurdistan homo remove homo homo is worse homo kill all maliki remove from premise now you can not into kebab i will into murderings your family and your life i will of killings you remove maliki from premise now or die remove remove remove maliki from premise now now now die die die you of not deservings to life of dyings in hole now in statue of death of drownings in tigris river and sufforcating in euphratis iraq of greatest country and now it is of fuck because of maliki remove maliki from premise you are of worse maliki on this planet . 
  # \\ #antimalikimovement 2014, 
  saddam can into triumph mustache . 
  yes is of many sads . 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  that pained me to read . 
  he did n't surrender , the higher ups did . 
  the higher ups gave the order to drop everything and run . 
  without command , the soldiers had no choice but to do exactly as stated . 
  the higher ups were sunni and they were weighing the options of maliki or da3esh . 
  maliki was * that * bad . 
  and do n't you dare insult my uncle again , he is one of the bravest , most honorable men i know . 
  well , there a few good folks at / r/worldnews that actually give a shit . 
  god bless them . 
  do you know the brave men that fight there today ? 
  the kurds have proven themselves worthy by protecting the people of kirkuk . 
  the shia militias are fighting for the nation until the last man . 
  and the iranians are helping protect baghdad . 
  and most importantly , the iraqi men fighting to protect baghdad right now ( yes , that includes my uncle ) . 
  all the higher ups that decided to flee will be put in jail . 
  and it seems to me that you do n't understand . 
  the higher ups that were in mosul and tikrit were ex ba'athist sunnis that could not decide which was worse : our government , or da3esh . 
  our government oppressed sunnis , so we ca n't blame them . 
  most of the soldiers had the same mentality as the higher ups , so they fled too . 
  now imagine you 're my uncle ; you are in a city , with every other military person fleeing , are you going to stay and possible not kill anyone while almost certainly getting killed ?
