  the arabs paid the taxes for it . 
   which is why qatar is only 40 % arab . 
  arab has the highest percent of any other ethnicity . 
  ethnicity are different you ca n't just combine them . 
   actually yes , it 's a relatively workless culture that relies primarily on foreign workers for any sort of labor, 
  lol, 
  vote . 
  over 9000 ? 
  first they settle our land , then they settle our food ? 
  ... we do n't pray differently ... 
   butthurt, 
  [ i see what you did there ] (, 
  http://cdn.meme.li/instances/300x300/24695520.jpg ), 
  the standard standard ? 
  fajir is when the sun dawns and maghreb is when the sun sets . 
  it would be a good idea because it worked out so well last time !, 
  vote . 
  it would definitely help me ... 
  i was just plotting a theoretical way to start a caliphate , will shoot you a pm over in / r/arabs when i 'm done with it . 
  what is the truth ? 
  i know that the arab armies and governments are shit , but blaming it on culture ? 
  now that 's just fucking stupid . 
  also : why is baghdad a city state ? 
  how 's that going to help it ? 
  i do n't know about you guys but i like my iraq . 
  yep let 's do it . 
  i am an iraqi so yes , this does offend me . 
  he did not experience this first hand ... 
  he trained soldiers that were litterly picked up from the ghettos . 
  they 're only in the military for food . 
  the elite soldiers were either killed or had they 're units disbanded . 
  our soldiers were some of the best in the middle east until the americans came and disbanded them . 
  so your more inclined to believe someone that wrecked a country and said the soldiers are lazy for not listening to him ? 
  what if iraq invaded the us and you had no food and were forced to serve for food ? 
  would * you * listen to the guys that wrecked your country ? 
  i 'm not say that arabs have the best military , we all know they suck . 
  however , our cultures are not lazy . 
  take egypt for examples . 
  they have very hard workers over there that do it for little pay , its almost like they are volunteering !, 
  we are not lazy shits that do nothing , if we were , then mohommed ( pbuh ) would 've never expanded our empire . 
  if we were , we would 've never built cairo or baghdad or amman . 
  also , its spelled qatar , not quatar . 
  any link to this ? 
  and who did it ? 
  iraqis cuz fuck yeah . 
   to promote american world leadership . 
  what . 
  the . 
  actual . 
  edit :, 
   adding american influence, 
  oh yeah cause that worked out * so * well last time . 
  `` i curse your shawareb ! '', 
  what 's the difference between england and a teabag ? 
  a teabag stays in a cup longer . 
  vote . 
  un headquarters ? 
  why ? 
  the us told saddam to declare war on iran . 
  that was the most beautiful thing i played my eyes on ... 
  wow . 
  will check out , thanks for making this awesome stuff !, 
  i actually never knew that . 
  thanks !, 
  it was folds better than what it is now . 
  i only liked the last one . 
  why ?!, 
  jjust why ? 
  same here . 
  why do n't lebanese want to be arabs ? 
  i mean were rich , we are very wars , and we can into oil !, 
  which hijaz ? 
  ancient ? 
  polandball is leaking ... 
  jerk circle . 
  how is league of legends considered a sport ? 
  all you do is click . 
  you have to know when to press delete or what to type ina split second . 
  i could argue that typing is more of a sport than lol . 
  why are you being down voted ? 
  jihad = trying / working in arabic . 
  i know arab christians named jihad . 
  jihad usually means trying / percievering in arabic . 
  then why do a majority of the 193 un states ( 69.4 % ) recognize it ? 
  i do . 
  source iraqi :'(, 
  why . 
  the . 
  are . 
  the . 
  people . 
  stating . 
  the truth . 
  getting . 
  down voted ? 
  seriously , come on israelis . 
  stop believing all this propaganda your government throws at you , its more lethal then the rocks . 
  shut up , you are not gods little angels . 
  plenty . 
  iraqis have always bean friends with the roosiyans .
