  [ it 's rough but it 's what i can do in 5 minutes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pft00vv.png ), 
  that link will stay blue . 
  i personally really like dubstep and drumstep ( & obviously electro house ) however i hate dnb . 
  if what you said was correct , than why did israel take it from us ? 
  some of my distant family was living there, 
  try fl studio !, 
  i got it first , and it 's really great . 
  everyone has their own work flow blah blah blah , so use the trials up before you actually buy . 
  iraq can not into slaves :(, 
  iraq can not into slaves , 
  isis can into slaves :(, 
  isis can not into iraq , 
  iraq can not into kurdistan :(, 
  fuck those kurds anyway , 
  the white guy on the right ? 
  or the arab on the left ? 
  this makes me want go cry :(, 
  i love how wow2 is more expensive in europe than in the us . 
  it 's not the end of the world yet . 
  we will rise against this fringe group !, 
  i 'm pretty sure cyprus would n't be included as they are too euro and are mostly christian and speak greek . 
  that 's nice, 
  however posting on reddit does n't do shit . 
  especially on a subreddit where we all believe the same thing . 
  i 'm kind of ok with assad for now because i choose stability over war . 
  granted assad sucks and we should get rid of him , just not at this time . 
  one good thing assad is doing is that he is finally pushing isis out of syria . 
  let 's hope countries in the actual middle east do the same . 
  google translate is your \u0635\u062f\u064a\u0642 . 
  i do n't know man , try arabic news websites like aljazeera or al arabia . 
  they usually have interesting stuff there . 
  can i be summoned too ? 
  i understood that reference . 
  al mahdi is coming soon . 
  holy shit i just noticed that its a word !, 
  i thought it was dome guy falling with heads around him symbolizing the people of gaza . 
  oh japan . 
  we all love you . 
  yep . 
  sea land . 
  i miss that dood . 
  so kind of like the monster cat podcast but with unsigned artists ? 
  i 'm down !, 
  i just need to finish a track first ... 
  they insult our prophets and god and keep screaming out `` allah is a pedophile '' . 
  they sicken me . 
  he sounds like an enraged 11 year old . 
  fucking kid , learn to be arab . 
  can iraq be added ? 
  you have one of our provinces in the gcc but not the rest of the country . 
  shut up you rebellious province . 
  true ... 
  / u/seamlessr ~ ~ used to come on reddit , but now he only does youtube stuff . ~ ~, 
  edit : he still comes on . 
  i owned iraq , lebanon , and kuwait , and i decided to join up with syria , and left . 
  seems like that guy got himself in big trouble . 
  well shit , it was good while it lasted . 
  u need some help bb ? 
  have n't seen anything from him in a while . 
  edit : nvm i 'm stupid . 
   3 state solution it up !, 
  as an iraqi , fuck you , my country is already divided enough . 
  as an arab , i second this !, 
  well then stop settling on our land you colonial fucks . 
  except that he is n't . 
  this is our land , palestine . 
  you ca n't just take it from us because your god told you to . 
  what israel has to do now is go back to [ the un borders ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_partition_plan_for_palestine ) which it refuses to do . 
  because that was so recent and we had this modern view of countries , oh how evil were the muslims !, 
  the romans did the same thing , the mongols did the same thing , the persians did the same thing , the chinese did the same thing , but the muslims get all the shit for stealing land . 
  i think scotland should stay with the uk on condition that they get a more representative party . 
  i 'm not related to the uk so i do n't know a lot about what is happening , but i know that borders are bad so the country should stay united . 
  i was on my phone sorry . 
  @shit_arabs_never_say on ig, 
  @omarimrantweets on twitter ( not arab but muslim ), 
  amazing bro , this will give you hassanat !, 
  remove tea yuo r of wrst tea u klb i make kilings to tea mesobatamia stronk mesobatamia stronkest kebab we kil wihn n tea we bes empire 850 bes yer of mhy lyf we bes khalipha we kil britan mesobatamia first civilizasion bes civilizasion britan we war yhuo !, 
  lebanese chicks , * dayuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuumn * son !, 
  pre 1980 , we used to be a developed first world country that tried to spread pan arabism . 
  those days are long gone now :(, 
  one second , i 'm having some problems with fl , be back soon . 
  if she actually does , i would n't mind . 
  those monsters deserve it . 
  hurt durr islam is bad & arabs are lazy because they rely on their `` allah '' to get everything done , also arab countries suck because they 're different . 
  seriously , fuck that guy, 
  well , israel does have a blockade on gaza and they control their ships . 
  if its not a western ship , then its dead . 
  turkey ca n't do much . 
  relevant flare, 
  very . 
  holy fuck dude , no sleep tonight . 
  it 's a mix of rap and trap at the same time !, 
  you forgot that israel is raping palestine , not slapping him . 
  my family still lives in baghdad . 
  its even worse when you 're a muslim . 
  these atheists here know nothing . 
  that is freaking genius . 
  meh , needs more kebab . 
  also a dishdashe . 
  the only fighting game i actually liked , was super smash brothers .
