  made a game ? 
  translate it into english , spanish , french , turkish , portuguese ( only brazilian , the actual portuguese wo n't care ) , mandarin , chinese mandarin , russian , korean , oh arabic ? 
  nah , do n't do terrorist languages . 
  still does n't make sense . 
  how is, 
   jewish, 
  a racist joke ? 
  ^ it 's ^ probably ^ something ^ obvious ^ that ^ i 'm ^ oblivious ^ to . 
  this article is outdated . 
  that makes much more sense . 
  now that i think about it , it is kind of jewish . 
  he will probably refer to the nazis when justifying it . 
  i thought that as a kuwaiti , you would agree with a show that hates saddam . 
  `` we did the ice bucket challenge before it was cool . '', 
  even ... 
  da'ish ball ... 
  i love how australia , greece , turkey , and europe are west and not latin america . 
  come the fuck on un . 
  i also love how western sahara does n't exist . 
  wait ... iraqi & syria can into relevant ? 
  hurray !, 
  reichtangle !, 
  ... with even more insane leaders . 
  i know its a great step buy its seriously lacking . 
  arabic is the sixth most spoken language on the planet , it should be * everywhere !, 
  traditional mandarin differs from chinese mandarin , they have dialects like arabic ( or so i think ) . 
  nsfw, 
  that is very beautiful . 
  you beat the game of reddit . 
  shut down reddit . 
  admins !, 
  mabsut , you make comics here ? 
  not defending russia , but you americans should 've told your governments about that when arming syrian rebels , and invading libya & iraq . 
  mind you , libya had the highest standard of living in africa ( comparable to saudi arabia ) before the invasion . 
  now , not so much . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  i can die peacefully now . 
  well , i need to get to mecca first , but still . 
  they also have #kurdistanisnotiraq which really breaks my heart because i 'm iraqi ( arab ) . 
  if the kurds leave us , i hope they do n't take mosul !, 
  its the only non kurdish part of iraq with snow . 
  they did one about nargelah vs whatever the rest of you call it . 
  iraq does n't need stinky uae styles , we are so swaggy that we invented the wheel . 
  isis does n't think . 
  media fire link ? 
  thank you !, 
  ( i can also use google drive ), 
  you win, 
  first sentence says, 
   counties, 
  did saudi arabia pay the us or did riyadh ? 
  i love you . 
  harmor, 
  there are people in this world that do n't know about harmor . 
  kill 2000 civilians ? 
  no consequences , it was self defense . 
  hell they 're stealing shit now . 
  you 're an \u0639\u0631\u0628 now , 
  welcome aboard . 
  same . 
  sadam is always beautiful . 
  ba'ath alien best alien !, 
  on android you can hold the keys to get what you want . 
  was just about to say this . 
  fuck her right in the pussy . 
  * please be islam , please be islam , please be islam ... *, 
  - a muslim . 
  false . 
  veritasium recorded himself for more than an hour . 
  stop it stop it ahhhhhh, 
  i 'm dead with a fucking pillow , but at least it would be comfortable . 
  i 'm pretty sure we did n't go `` bath shit insane '' . 
  islam is a peaceful religion . 
  in fact , after 9 / 11 , american intervention and the state of israel are what got muslim extremists to rise . 
  before 2004 , there were no alqaeda in iraq . 
  during the invasion , alqaeda saw the chance and installed alqaeda in iraq to battle the americans . 
  alqaeda in iraq is what created isis today . 
  the reason libya is shit now is also from american / nato invasion . 
  prior to the invasion , libya had the highest standard of living in africa ( comparable to saudi arabia . 
  ) , now not so much . 
  so that no you , west , for ruining our lands and blaming it in on us . 
  i do n't see what your saying . 
  everyday muslim majority cities like riyadh and dubai and doha manage to not have terrorist attacks . 
  now you will say `` but iraq syria afghanistan libya '' . 
  have you also noticed that those are the countries the us has intervened in ? 
  syria is hitting itself while iraq is trying to swat this huge bug . 
  iraq and syria are both trying to swat a bug but then get punched by the usgay . 
  the us arms syrian rebels that try to over throw the secular assad regime in hopes to establish a radical extremist one . 
  isis * was * one of those rebels . 
  it clearly forbids the killings of innocent people and forcing people to convert in the quran and hadith 's . 
  isis & boko haram are just batshit insane , not the entire religion . 
  there is a challenge , actually going around in the middle east called the `` burn is flag challenge '' . 
  hey girl , is your name america ? 
  cuz i 'm about to terrorize datass !, 
  works great on 9/11 . 
  they 're extremists that want the prophesized caliphate early . 
  the syrian problem would 've never got this far if it was n't for the us . 
  assad , having one of the strongest armies in the middle east , could 've wiped out the rebels easily , but the us had to arm them . 
  and they are sanctioning russia for arming ukrainian rebels , the shear hypocrisy is too much . 
  do you still hate muslims ?
