  google translate . 
  best of luck to you my kurdish friend . 
  you 'll need it . 
  i like us too . 
  except for the us i do n't like . 
  are, 
  these fucks control half of syria . 
  i hate the sunni / shi'a divide . 
  so , given the privlage of sunni father and shi'a mother , i have chosen to be half sunni , half shi'a, 
  on a scale from one to even , you just ca n't ? 
  on a serious note , this is very horrible . 
  they want an extremist islamic caliphate . 
  this is the worst way to go about it . 
  taha is my first name ... 
  unless you know my real last name, 
  edit : a word . 
  food stamps, 
  edit : your life not in the mercy of american bombers . 
  * technology and internet everywhere . 
  * food very unnatural . 
  i 'm genuinely curious as to the context of this, 
  no , but my dad worked for him as one of his generals . 
  its pretty nice to know that the most powerful person of your country held you as a baby . 
  i used to have a picture but i lost it , and there are no others to be found . 
  they were much stronger/well trained than this new one . 
  on global fire power we rank under jordan , and we have much superior military tech . 
  this new army sucks . 
  by fixing i meant financial aid . 
  but its past the point of no return now . 
  the government is shitting on the people and flipping off everyone while pleading america to help . 
  they 're asking to be overthrown , more once i can get out of this car . 
  edit :, 
  because of the syrian civil war and the oppression of the shiite lead government , local tribesmen in iraq invited terrorist groups that are now da3esh and isil . 
  the takfiris control anbar province , mosul , eastern syria , and more . 
  they are not like other terrorists that bomb , then leave . 
  they bomb and settle . 
  they have their own government ( kind of ) , army , people , and land . 
  i really wish assad * or erdogan would invade us and get this over with . 
  i would mind either of them , they 're all better than maliki . 
  * after the civil war, 
  do n't think that balestine is n't next . 
  [ defend kebab , iraq stronk . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njra9aazq2i ), 
  i know . 
  its just that some people do n't know . 
  what i meant was after the civil war which , inshaallah , ends soon . 
  after the civil war *, 
  you forgot iran . 
  i love the outer realm though !, 
  - c-matt, 
  saddam 's army did get disbanded , however a few of them reapplied and went to jordan for training . 
  when coming back , they got blown up by a roadside bomb leaving the scumbags we see today . 
  now now , only aladeen comments . 
  fucking dumbasses, 
  protect kebab , iraq stronk !, 
  can into very middle east . 
  remove takfiris . 
  iran smelly pig dog iran dog . 
  america fat khanzeer . 
  saddam hussein best hussein . 
  in all seriousness , i love iraq . 
  i 'm iraqi and i was planning to go visit this summer , but with da3esh on the loose , we ca n't . 
  best of luck to my iraqi brothers and sisters . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ maliki !, 
  hello !, 
  i am a moderator from / r/iraq , and i would love it if you would link our alternative . 
  i 'm digging the turkmen flag . 
  new flair coming up !, 
  why would i be ? 
  he was the best leader of the republic . 
  aside from the genocide , he was a great guy . 
  i know for a fact your not telling me maliki is any better . 
  well , at least saddam kept al-qaeda ( what created isil ) out , gave us drinkable water , paved roads , running electricity , food , and a good education . 
  maliki provides litterly non of those things , he is striving for an authoritarian dictator ship , he is our prime minister , minister of national security affairs , minister of defence , minister of the interior , and the leader of the islamic dawa party of iraq . 
  if anyone is the brutal dictator , it 's maliki . 
  and while i do agree that saddam was horrible for committing genocide , i still think he is better than maliki by 1000 folds . 
  take it from an iraqi . 
  [ turn down for hwhat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phbaemzmbyu ), 
  with this `` freedom '' , do we not have to have multiple leaders ? 
  i whole heartedly agree with what you said except for the part about the :, 
   put any leader in al maliki 's spot and they wo n't do better . 
  you see , when you have one person controlling most of the government , that is not freedom or democracy . 
  maliki wants to be an authoritarian dictator . 
  do you * actually * think that the votes are n't rigged ? 
  he makes it so that the odds are * always * in his favor . 
  other than that , i agree with you . 
  just so you know , da3esh is not alqaeda . 
  they 're their own thing . 
  oh do n't you think they 're getting anywhere near baghdad or anymajor shiite city , iran backs those . 
  ~ ~ they army did n't back out , the generals did . 
  the army , without any command , dropped their weapons and ran . 
  my uncle in law came from mosul to baghdad walking . 
  it 's not the soldiers fault , it 's the generals ' fault . ~ ~, 
  not clear enough . 
  so when the da3esh forces came into mosul , the higher ups in the army fled and gave out the order to `` drop your weapons and run '' . 
  the soldiers were very confused but they did as the higher ups said and thus the city fell easily into da3esh hands . 
  i can deny that . 
  my uncle came walking back from mosul to baghdad . 
  the generals fled without warning leaving the soldiers without command . 
  yes .
