  why would n't they be ? 
  if you think about our oil money , were richer than some european countries . 
  we make a lot , and would look rich too if it was n't for our khanazeer leaders . 
  it is later now . 
  freedom beats everyone else 's life . 
  one of my favorite games , 
  america fuck yeah shooting all the terrorist muslims fucky yeah because every muslim is a terrorist fuck yeah iraq is all terrorists shithole fuck yeah fuck yeah murica murica muh freedums my rights murica murica land of the free land of the beautiful land of the free motherfucking fuck yeah murica fuck fucking mother fucking fucking shitting damn fuck yeah murica !, 
  no treble . 
  how is this racist ? 
  he does n't know anything about what the guy is . 
  for all he knows he could be an arab decedent that got americanized . 
  that je suis charlie was not subtle at all ... 
  just saying it was n't subtle . 
  even so i found the je suis charlie phrase weird because charlie hebdo is a magazine . 
  because he can be a jewish inbred redneck , or a black inbred redneck . 
  no one knows . 
  for of the millionths times , iran can not into al arab language . 
  that 's just badass . 
  `` liberators '', 
  oh of kay . 
  you has right now . 
  rivalries never end . 
  even after a few regime changes . 
  beautiful . 
  but i ca n't help but feel sad for that irani guy at the end . 
  he looks so down :(, 
  oh come on it 's not even a civil war . 
  isis is mainly foreigners who came to fight for their retarded view of islam . 
  the country is still united in some way . 
  ca n't we forget about this for even a little ? 
  you 're going to die trying !, 
  i do n't know why we 're screaming but i feel like it too !, 
  * tips tinfoil hat *, 
  * crosses fingers *, 
  they 're slowly fading away ... 
  good luck bros !, 
  ^ ^ * grumblegrumble *, 
  we used to be british too , look at us now . 
  holy shit you should write a book !, 
  they were represented by iraq . 
  blah blah blah kurds . 
  what about us arabs ? 
  we 're doing most of the fighting and we 're taking the biggest hit . 
  we have the high death rates in mosul . 
  we should get at least * some * credit . 
  both arab teams that made it to the semis got eliminated from the asia cup :(, 
  someone answer * this * guy i want to know three !, 
  one question ,, 
  why ? 
  why give all our resources to westerners who have time and time again tried to exploit us ? 
  why ? 
  palestine was into too cool for jordan so of leaving . 
  jordan !, 
  extreme patriotism !, 
  everyday i get called some racial slur but its usually joking . 
  sometimes they really mean it . 
  mostly they think i 'm crazy because they think that islam is this religion of barbarians or something . 
  i once saw a panel on the back of a car in ny , it said `` everything i wanted to learn about islam , i learned from 9/11 '' . 
  hit me a bit , but was n't that huge . 
  it depends on the interpretation for me . 
  science and religion usually fit with each other . 
  both stunning and both unachievable on a potato . 
  please do n't bring up politics !, 
  what ever you do , do n't . 
  iraq and iran had a kind of troubled past . 
  edit : no pork or alcohol at all for muslims . 
   hello / r/iraq ( salal ali koom ? ), 
  so anglo ... 
  i catagoried this as entertainment because it 's a joke . 
  jk it 's a really good documentary but i had nothing else to category it as . 
  [ like a boss ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/276/747/bf9.gif ), 
  rip / r/fylow, 
  me and my homeboy ( both of us from iraq ) are practicing code and one of the languages we 're learning is css . 
  plus i already do a lot of css stuff for / r/iraq . 
  i did the initial css for modern iraq . 
  akkadi decoded it should be changed to a more mesopatamian theme so we did that . 
  we want to make apps , websites , and games . 
  were studying python and were finding ways to learn java . 
  thank you , 
  i was born in iraq and i have not once seen this . 
   moderate, 
  wtf ? 
  what do you mean * moderate * ? 
  were just muslims and arabs , nothing moderate about us . 
  i have managed to go my whole life without murdering anyone and have been trying as hard as i can to donate to charity . 
  i 'm from iraq and i feel for my people . 
  i still have family in iraq and i call them everyday . 
  but we are not moderate . 
  were just muslims . 
  isis are not extremists either . 
  they are corrupted muslims . 
  corrupted by the ideology that they have . 
  `` i am the caliph amah ( ask me anything halal ) '', 
  i would love north korea if their government was n't so oppressive . 
  you guys are like our best east asian friends . 
  can i be invited too ? 
  me and my friend are learning code and css is one of the languages i 'd like to learn . 
  it seems that i have exactly the right people to guide me through it here . 
  thanks a lot  really helpful . 
  we already do a lot of codecademy .
