  these are the countries making a difference . 
  damn . 
  we are one beautiful \u0648\u0637\u0646 . 
  iraq :, 
  because the arab league was made to unite us arabs ( that includes palestinians ) and to see a fellow arab nation getting burned to the ground and having the capable nations just stand there and do nothing is sickening to me . 
  come on . 
  do n't tell me its not shameful that not * one * arab country has sent in help . 
  its not like gaza is subhuman or something, 
  edit : oops did n't mean to put the `` blood '' there . 
  haha that was cheesy . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ killme, 
  i know this . 
  what i am saying is that these nations should stop acting as if palestinians are subhuman and actually stick up to their brothers . 
  by help i mean military action against israel ( although this is very unrealistic ) . 
  at least threaten israel !, 
  of course , another tv show that ridicules arabs, 
  * slow clap *, 
  as if i did n't have a bad enough summer with :, 
  * my home country being torn up . 
  * my sister country 's continuation of being torn up . 
  * gaza being destroyed . 
  * and now this tv show ridiculing us . 
  well yeah that could be an exception , but at least * talk * to israel . 
  you jinxed it . 
  finally , something . 
  thank you for the information . 
  welp , hamas has just committed suicide and killed all of gaza with it . 
  and i thought hamas was smart to some extent . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  do you have a source ? 
  being called a terrorist . 
  common people !, 
  this is 2014 !, 
  if i am a muslim arab i am *** not *** automatically a terrorist !, 
  looking back at it now , hamas has effectively committed suicide by firing even more rockets and not accepting the ceasefire . 
  welp , palestine had a good run , maybe in the next 50 years . 
  is that the asian version of a blow job ? 
  edit : did n't mean to offend anyone . 
  it was a joke, 
  i 'm sorry if i offended anyone . 
  i 'm sorry if i offended you :(, 
  i wish the best for the libyan people . 
  most of us that speak english have learned it because we are outside of iraq . 
  i am sorry to say , but you will not find help here . 
  best luck to you and that person . 
  also ; i found this article on the guardian that you did , apparently you write for the guardian , so good luck with that . 
  edit : [ link for the curious ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2013/mar/23/whistleblower-soldier-iraq-justin-watt ), 
   seriously the resemblance between this argument and the arguments here on / r/arabs is uncanny . 
  and the irony is those two are supposed to be the intellectuals . 
  alright , who is it ? 
  i claimed it in 2008 and called the democratic peoples ' pan arab union of bir tawil !, 
  the only real arab country !, 
  best of luck to you guys . 
  libya is starting to look like iraq , but that just maybe me . 
  where do you live , i 'm my own army . 
  crap , my dad left his military uniform in iraq . 
  this pajama will do . 
  george george . 
  you can lobby your government . 
  hmm , i 'm going to include chinese and mandarin , and maybe some greek and also * farsi * . 
  what 's that ? 
  arabic ? 
  i do n't use terrorist languages . 
  they seriously need to learn how to translate to arabic . 
  also ; best of luck to you brother . 
  may god ( or a higher power if you do n't believe in god ) protect you from israeli missiles . 
  that 's only in the parts near pakistan . 
  as an iraqi that had to leave iraq because i was on vacation ( you do n't know how hard it was ) , i had to leave my family , my friends , my cousins , my life , and start over in egypt . 
  i recently moved to america for the passport , but that 's beside the point . 
  leaving your home country can be the most devastating thing to ever happen to you . 
  my whole life had gone down the drain , and now i had to live in a country where i was considered an immigrant . 
  * immigrant * . 
  that word just * sounds * pathetic . 
  my father lost his job and now he barely makes 1/2 as much and we still despair about our family back there . 
  this is one of the saddest experiences ever . 
  to put it in perspective , imagine if america was in a civil war and you had to immigrate to south africa . 
  you would forever be considered an immigrant and you would long for the friends and family you left behind . 
  your whole life would be gone . 
  just , gone . 
  i hope you understand . 
  on behalf of iraqis ,, 
  iraq represent . 
  israel said it will be annexing parts of the west bank soon o.o, 
  stream dream - seamlessr, 
  fair enough . 
  at least you do n't support the killing of palestinians , right ? 
  its a bit old though . 
  i kind of stopped updating it . 
  i 'll be back later , too busy with life . 
  oh great , tourism again . 
  jk good on the uae actually making progress . 
  this is my world view . 
  i keep doubting a god ( i am a muslim ) however , when i do , i remember how amazing everything is and how i am here right now , right this second . 
  if your consciousness just * disappears * then how would you remember being alive ? 
  i ca n't really explain it with words , but here we go . 
  so you know how you remember everything about your life and forget the important things ? 
  your memory is proof of your consciousness . 
  if you die !, 
  and everything is gone , then you do n't have proof of your consciousness .
