  * crosses fingers intensly *, 
  eli5 : as a muslim , i completely condemn the actions of the terrorist attacks in france , but why did a french cartoonist get charges for anti antisemitism , but the charlie hebdo agency did n't have anything done to them ? 
  [ story ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/4351672/french-cartoonist-sine-on-trial-on-charges-of-anti-semitism-over-sarkozy-jibe.html ), 
  that guy went on trial for antisemitism in his comics , but nothing happens to anyone if you draw anti-islamic cartoons . 
  why ? 
  love their flag . 
  well that is n't very nice ... 
  you 're on ask historians ... 
  i was pointing out how most people on ask historians are not really historians and have biased opinions . 
  they already lost one match . 
  one of my all time favorite subs . 
  arma 3 sounds amazing !, 
  the comments on that beautiful tweet are it 's autistic children . 
  this video stood the test of time . 
  absolutely love it !, 
  no , they thought we were france . 
  to be fair , there 's about as much , if not more , sand proportionally in australia than some middle eastern countries . 
  does anyone have a mobile friendly stream ? 
  combined , we have 2 . 
  is n't sk in nearly the same time zone as mid australia ? 
  what does the red line represent ? 
  come on arabian pride !, 
  good game guys , 
  looking forward to this stream, 
  thanks !, 
  i speek arabic so this is good for me, 
  edit : lol auto correct made me say `` sleek tactic '' instead of `` speak arabic '', 
  out of curiosity , considering how much nk hate is on reddit , how do people from north korea bypass the censor from the government ? 
  half time good job everyone , pretty heated this game is . 
  australia is in the very east of the world ... 
  i 'm sorry , but what 's a hookah ? 
  i do n't, 
  could n't have said it better my self . 
  you ca n't really ignore when the front page of your favorite website hate your entire religion . 
  hell , i 'm not even safe over at / r/islam . 
  france surrenders jokes have been around forever . 
  if they 're going to be jerks to us , we 're going to be jerks to them . 
  [ we win all the matches and murder australia on it 's own soil . 
  i actually feel good for these guys !, 
  they look like they 're having fun . 
  i want this to show my friends . 
  download the icondemn today . 
  ca n't stand his lush afro . 
  emirates tie it with qatar , pretty heated match . 
  you decided to replace the shahada for a guy that hates it . 
  `` oh but symbolism terrorism islam sucks free speech '', 
  only twelve people died . 
  many people trying to express free speech die in iraq and syria * everyday * but no one gives a crap . 
  also , `` je suis charlie '' means `` i am charlie '' so unless , you are a french satirical magazine called charlie hedbo , tu est non charlie . 
  out of context !, 
  meanwhile in russia , things cost twice as much and oil workers get paid less . 
  i was cheering you guys , on good job in the game !, 
  iraq vs jordan lessgo !!, 
  good luck to palestine too . 
  i ca n't read it : /, 
  about the handwriting thread , we should start one . 
  i 'm really meaning to show people my [ cat scratches . 
  thanks !, 
  just so you know , the attacks in france against charlie hebdo were done by french people , not iraqis nor syrians . 
  just of friendly reminder , 
  not when your small country is iraq and ask you see is isis and yezidi girls . 
  is this because australia murdered you ? 
  aww kuwaiti ... you can join our union and actually be winners for once if you like ? 
  i meant because we beat jordan ... 
  actually it is n't different . 
  on both cases they were practicing free speech and in both cases they were offensive . 
  there was not violence being called . 
  it 's just that charlie hebdo prefers jews . 
  a lot . 
  the answer is a lot . 
  the cables that connect the middle east to the internet have been cut by israel . 
  literally breaks arab internet . 
  i love how there 's a podcast for ottoman history . 
  because they internationally retarded . 
  very beautiful , gave me chills !, 
  however , this makes me long for my home country even more now ... 
  akai mpk mini mkii . 
  it 's a 25 key not weighted keyboard with 8 full mpc pads and 8 knobs and a built in arpeggiator . 
  i still use it to this day ( even though i 've only been producing for around 4 months ), 
  costs about a 100 $ depending on where you look . 
   and i 'm ~ ~ a good jumper ~ ~ spiderman . 
  ftfy, 
  wow this is really nice !, 
  but who would name their website arab jaimer ? 
  this . 
  so many information that is wrongly guided can be gathered this way . 
  it 's like they want us to look bad . 
  that 's nothing . 
  in my school , there are girls with over 5000 followers and all they post is pictures of their face / their butt . 
  americans like worshipping people with good looks i guess . 
  one of my friends , she is arab and muslim and she posts a billion selfies a day . 
  we 're good friends and stuff , it 's just gotten out of hand . 
  she has like 500 followers . 
  have you seen the gulf , egypt , tunisia , and jordan ? 
  these countries are not poor at all . 
  hell even iraq is rich , our leaders just do n't know how to use it . 
  edit : why do you guys hate your own country ? 
  all the countries i listed are rich to some extent . 
  the money may not be used well , but that does n't change the fact that they 're rich . 
  why ?
