i get that parents want to protect their children , but i ca n't see how this add is productive . 
  are you saying that after seeing the bus humanized parents are more likely to report buses ? 
  ( i 'm not saying reporting the buses is n't the correct decision , just that i do n't see how this add is supposed to be convincing me of that ) edit : perhaps simply because i am not polish i lack some of the context to be properly effected . 
  this issue with this is that the add does n't spend any time having us support people riding the bus , we only get three glimpses of other people ; in the first they are vandalizing the bus ; in the second , while a child is crying , the main focus is the emotional effect on the bus ; and in the third we see the woman turning the switch without any emotional gravity , she seems almost jovial . 
  perhaps i 'm just missing some factor that should be making me agree with the decision , but i ca n't ignore the little factors which evoke my support in the bus ( his association with nature and freedom - in the butterfly - , the soleless and utilitarian appearance of the other buses , etc. ), 
  it makes sense , but it just seems unfair . 
  particularly the way she hits the switch - like it does n't mean anything . 
  maybe this is just due to cultural perspectives but the add does n't make me think it is necessary , it makes me hate that mother , ignoring the full consequences of her actions ( i 'm not saying i do n't actually think the right thing to do is to get rid of these buses - just that in the vacuum of this advertisement i ca n't reconcile my sympathy ) . 
  this video just does n't make any sense . 
  they foster our sympathy in the bus and then exaggerate the cruelty of his murder ( by giving us hope when the butterfly turns the scrap thing off ) , all in order to get people to report outdated buses . 
  surely this is going to encourage people not to report buses . 
  have you considered the fact that czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible . 
  it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  are czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible ? 
  it seems like it would take very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  i was surprised by how small it was . 
  however i just looked it up and only eu and commonwealth immigrants can vote in the uk , which makes up a relatively small portion of total immigration . 
  these maps from the telegraph show the trend but they do n't actually provide any proper raw data : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/ukip/11539388/mapped-where-is-ukips-support-strongest-where-there-are-no-immigrants.html this also does n't really demonstrate that the like/dislike of anti-immigration parties outstrips the effect of the immigrant population , but the populations are 1 ) not large enough to skew the data so significantly themselves and 2 ) far fewer can vote then the rest of the public looking into some numbers myself : ukip polling just 7 % in london as opposed to 20 % elsewhere : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/may/23/ukip-results-divide-london-rest-england london 22 % born outside of england ( 2011 census ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_london#country_of_birth uk as a whole 12 % foreign born ( 2011 census again ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom#size_of_the_foreign-born_population so a 10 % increase in foreign-born population is resulting in 13 % lower support for ukip . 
  its not as significant as i had thought but it does demonstrate that an increase in immigrant populations does not cause the population to suddenly find them hard to live around , it shows a portion find the opposite . 
  also remember that not all these immigrants can actually vote anyway . 
  i was giving a reason for why we should accept immigration beyond the most necessary asylum seekers besides basic empathy ( which as far as i can tell is beyond most people on this sub ) . 
  i was describing its ability to fill gaps in job markets , i used medicine because i could actually find statistics on it but it applies across the board . 
  also why should we not be responsible for the well being of other humans , i find your claim that we are not absurd and deeply saddening . 
  it has nothing to do with pragmatism . 
  we have more than adequate resources to support the refugees and just because people were n't helping when they were largely in camps does not absolve anyone of guilt . 
  accepting refugees offers no threat to me or to my neighbors , to pretend the case is otherwise is fear mongering and based largely in xenophobia, 
  because immigration helps contribute to a healthy economy and makes up for gaps in the job market . 
  in the uk alone 26 % of doctors are immigrants , if we had the supply of native doctors in the market this would not be the case . 
  you have a very low opinion of people . 
  i do n't blame someone for going to a country where they can speak the language or have family . 
  also you ca n't exactly blame people for avoiding places like greece . 
  there is a massive deference between aiming to start a new life in a stable country and wanting to scrounge welfare . 
  islam is n't requiring us to do anything by some mandate in the way you describe . 
  the supermarkets in those areas make greater profits if they sell halal meats , if you really have a problem with it blame capitalism . 
  my point was that most people could n't give less of a shit about animal rights or where there food comes from , its only suddenly an issue for them when a foreign practice is involved . 
  also while we may not be quite so built on immigration as america or australia , immigration has had a significant effect on our culture ( see : christmas tress , curries etc. ), 
  what do you mean by ` british ' . 
  by all accounts i 'm british but my dad is an irish immigrant . 
  he was treated about the same as the muslims are now when he was growing up , but anyone would say he 's british now . 
  incidentally 78 % of people living in london were born there so i do n't know where you are getting your facts from ... 
  are you kidding me , you think people fleeing despotic redeems just do it for economic reasons . 
  i do n't know about you but i would n't risk death clinging to the bottom of a lorry for hours on end just to move to a more economically prosperous country . 
  one , incidentally , where i 'd likely to end up working a shit job for even worse pay , and any qualifications i do have likely wo n't be of any benefit to me in finding a better one . 
  so battery farms are fine but everyone 's moral compass suddenly appears when an arabic word is written across their food ... 
  i do n't personally feel like the appearance of some halal food counters undermines british culture in any way . 
  we 're a country built on immigration , a generation ago it was the irish , in another generation it will be someone else . 
  its not directly proportionate . 
  a greater portion of the non-immigrant population tends to be opposed to those parties because they actually know and are friends with immigrants . 
  i 'm sorry but why should i feel any more empathy for someone just because they happen to have been born near to me . 
  its chance , i 'm very lucky to have been born in a wealthy non war-torn country , but i did n't do anything to deserve that . 
  the people born in countries like syria did n't do anything to deserve to be born there either and i do n't personally find it that easy to shake of their suffering so easily . 
  is this a thing that actually happens ? 
  a country 's culture would have to be pretty weak to collapse at the arrival of such a small number of people proportionate to the whole population . 
  no we do n't have the responsibility according to the un , but we do have an ethical one . 
  also , yeah , in some cases different cultures have n't integrated very well , but you only really hear about those . 
  this is obviously just anecdotal but the parts of london i grew up in were full of indian african and polish second and first generation immigrants who had integrated brilliantly . 
  in fact in my experience they were harder workers and much more hospitable than a lot of their ` native ' counterparts ( although even saying native is a bit disingenuous because it does n't take that many generations back for everyone to be an immigrant ) . 
  i think its interesting that support for anti immigration parties tends to flourish in areas with very few immigrants ( like ukip 's success in rural areas of england , and its relative failure in the big immigration hubs like london , birmingham and manchester ), 
  we do n't ` have to import another culture ' , but we do have a responsibility for all human beings regardless of where they are born or what their religion is . 
  have you ever lived in an area with large immigrant populations which are well integrated , culture is born from the mixing and interaction of different peoples , nothing has to be lost from it . 
  but if you want to have people integrate effectively you have to start early , and meeting them with vitriol does n't help at all . 
  also obviously i know that the nazi comparison is n't accurate ( hence the fact that i never actually accused anyone ) - but it does warn of the danger of isolationist thinking . 
  someone had a scheme where they tried to get ` desirable ' citizens to reproduce before in germany , i ca n't remember who it was ... 
  but seriously , what you just said undermines most arguments against accepting refugees and immigration . 
  you basically conceded that it could have economic benefit , but you 're saying you are uncomfortable with foreigners . 
  also , its just a bit cheaper to gain a workforce straight away then to have to support them though school etc. 
  the only reason we ( as europe , but also you as germany ) might be fucked would be responding so poorly to the refugees that in 20 years time they feel no connection to their new countries whatsoever . 
  the countries accepting a lot of refugees are actually going to be in a pretty good situation down the line ( in that they 're supplementing their aging population with a young capable one ), 
  because the refugees left their home countries to claim welfare . 
  wow , the vitriol in this thread against muslims is astounding . 
  / r/europe really is turning into a parody of itself ... edit : and now the down votes without any comments justifying the behavior come raining in ... 
  i think we tried that last time ... 
  i 'm not trying to make any grand claims about the importance of religious thought . 
  only that to dismiss a man based on his involvement in it dismisses both the history and complexity of theology . 
  ideologically scientific method does n't have any requirement of ethics . 
  where do you suppose those ethics are derived from ? 
  i 'd be the last person to claim morality can not exist without some kind of religious backing , but its outright false to claim that modern western ethics ( including secular ethics ) were n't preceded by religious thought . 
  again , i 'm not claiming that having a theological background is somehow fundamental to understanding ethics - but pretending that a man with a theological education ( which is distinct from having extreme beliefs ) is inherently inappropriate for the job seems foolish to me . 
  are you saying that promoting scientific ethics is a bad thing ? 
   first off , debt is the symptom , corruption and tax evasion the cancer . 
  so austerity cures tax evasion ? 
  the house of lords is hardly a meritocracy , even without heredity peers . 
  i do n't get this , intention was clearly against the candidate ... 
  ** united kingdom ** we embarked on five years of the systematic destruction of welfare and the nhs . 
  we also appointed a government who want to impose draconian surveillance laws , reintroduce barbaric sports such as fox hunting , and worst of all , have put michael gove in charge of writing a new human rights bill . 
  this thread is a cesspool ... 
  i really do n't understand why we would leave the eu but not the eea , unless it was just for political gesturing . 
  it just seems like a stupid half measure to me . 
  ( not that i would rather leave europe entirely but if we are leaving for ` sovereignty ' why give up our influence on rules we will have to follow ), 
  so this will only apply to members of the eea ... first they fuck up the economy and now my netflix catalogue, 
  can you take the bullshit t_d capitalisation and bold elsewhere please, 
  banning an item of clothing , particularly one feel is fundamental to their way of life , is literal oppression, 
  so you 're saying jo cox was a shirty person ? 
  you 're a prick mate, 
  this is in terrible taste considering the circumstances of her death, 
  ok thanks, 
  yeah sorry i meant to put macron not fillion, 
  i meant macron , le pen .
