  / v4 / looking good, 
  and how is someone with muscular dystrophy gon na make a great living in germany ? 
  only 300k czechs emigrated in the last 70 years . 
  most of them during communism . 
  mostly to slovakia ( marriages ) we have more immigrants ( 450k ) last 25 years then emigrants in 70 years . 
  so you are wrong . 
  its 72 % now here, 
  [ nah , the market is already saturated by you ] ( http://imgur.com/a/2tynw ), 
  no aldi here, 
  the biggest joke is ristorante pizza . 
  eastern european version is called [ `` edizione speciale '' ] ( http://imgur.com/a/psbyy ) , same price as in germany just with 50 % less salami and other ingredients . 
  [ german vs czech ristorante salami pizza ... we have corn tho yay ] ( http://imgur.com/a/wumsw ), 
  yeah ... here almost every waiter , gardener , cook etc. 
  is working for minimal wage and rest is under the table, 
  bulgaria-6752 usd syria-1700 usd ???? 
  there are more than 1 million new refugees now in germany ? 
  how many of them are working ? 
   they had higher gdp per capita than bulgaria in 2010 source ? 
  and football coaches ... 
  imho we should move all refugees and immigrants to canada , lot of space ... scotland is quite empty too, 
   mothers to teach us something . 
  how to use protection ? 
  they failed miserably, 
   shitty hungary that is very rich from portugese , you are from bankrupt country with highest rate of hiv cases in developed world ( russia level ), 
   no industry worth mentioning slovakia makes the most cars in the world per capita   you received billions from the west . 
  oh yeah , eu funds are charity . 
   what did slovakia and eastern europe ever contribute ? 
  buying products from the west , open whole economy to the west , sold half of our economy to the west and sending dividents to the west . 
  you would be fine i think but for example there are 4225 czech companies based in netherlands . 
  the absolute number from other eu countries must be enormous . 
  sounds good . 
  european parliament is now like circus on wheels . 
  or spain with their african enclaves  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m4aba2-qpa, 
  his campaign was actually really similar to trump . 
  anti-establishment , i am big bussines guy so i know how to manage goverment , lot of celebrities behind him etc. 
  popularity of using gdp is quite new ( 90s ) but they were using gnp in propaganda a lot . 
  what ? 
  commies were using these same metrics too and very proudly . 
  commie news station : `` since 1938 our gdp almost doubled . 
  we have exceeded our plan by 110 % . 
  this is a great day for socialism '', 
  comrades , we 've made a huge mistake !, 
  usd is now more stronger , its just currency exchange drop . 
  look at ppp graph . 
  but other countries wants these jobs too . 
  we should compete with eachother with who have better educated workforce and things like that and not who gives better deal ( no taxes ) to 600bn usd megacorporation . 
  eu law have superiority over irish law . 
  and supporting hezbollah and hamas, 
  turkey population 1990 - 56kk turkey population 2010 - 73kk turkey population 2015 - 78kk germany have 81kk, 
  its the newest prague tourist trap ... 6 $ pls, 
  [ sry hungarybro , kurtosklacs with nuttela and ice cream is on me ... or maybe some langos ? 
  czech goulash best goulash, 
  its a meme from some propaganda poster . 
  honestly i am ok with this , prague was indeed liberated by soviets . 
  baltic cities are another story tho . . 
  i want to be beautiful germanic like you :(, 
  i am against embargos too but it should be used as negation tool against turkey . 
  and the best universities are in us , which makes europeans stupid ? 
   come one , i hate this elitism, 
  not really , 
  turkish food export to eu is only 5bln $ , thats literally nothing . 
  edit : at least use edit when you change food to goods . 
  shoratage of what ? 
  cheap refigeratos or nuts ? 
  or you mean korean and italian cars ? 
  and total eu export is 2.4 trillion $ , we would survive without turkey and it is better than be blackmailed . 
  eu is your biggest export market ( 40 % ) and honestly i do n't care anymore what are turks thinking . 
  why is eu so weak ? 
  just stop the refugees or no more free trade deal and ban europeans visits to turkey aka good bye turkish economy . 
  one the one hand job market is really good now and everybody had nice rise this year and lot of people are changing their positions for the better ones , on the other hand its starting to be little ridiculous . 
  my local supermarket is basicly non fuctional becasue there is only one clerk for whole supermarket and that one slow electronic and lot of shelves are empty , my bank is now closed every thursday , some of the bus lanes were closed due to lack of drivers etc. 
  so i say go automation i guess, 
  [ most today ] ( http://www.zsmezibori.com/projekt/pic/foto_800/most_letecka.jpg ), 
  wtf, 
  4.4 % annual growth with 0.5 % inflation is decent, 
  o2 is right now upgrading all their lines to 100 mbit , alrewdy had letter in mailbox, 
  i always thought that is still payed from your national insurance . 
  so all expanses to the spanish healthcare are payed from nhs . 
  spain was after civil war tho, 
  1620-battle of white mountain lost independance for 300 years brutal recatholization mass emigration of elites replace czech nobles with german ones https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_white_mountain if we had one we will be now protestant country with stuart dynasty as kings lol, 
  just drunk people who cares, 
  yeah we are like just another bundesland with 1/3 wages , 
  every morning every czech family holds their hands and thank germany for their sacrifice . 
  than we drive in german car to german supermarket to buy german products . 
  oh thats was greece  http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/11/27/eu-migrant-uk_n_4350519.html 17k according to this , no idea how it is calculated tho, 
  250k/year plus 30k brits are living in bulgaria permanently ( cheap houses i guess ), 
  \u266b and we 'll keep on fighting 'til the end \u266b, 
  \u266b we are the champions , my friends \u266b, 
  thats sounds pretty racist . 
  you should call them western europeans gangs . 
  russia is mordor confirmed : the evil empire , spewing ash and smoke and clearly placed in the east , is an image of the workers ' class , which , with sweaty brows , jointly builds heavy industry . 
  they 're supposed to be the repugnant and evil dwarves . 
  of course , the son of a bourgeoisie family can not see anything beautiful or ennobling about hard labor . 
  the residents of the west -- a land flowing with milk and honey -- are elves ( or the aristocracy ) , people ( bourgeoisie ) , and hobbits ( landholders ) and live on the other hand in affluence ( it 's not explained how they gained this ) and the only thing bothering them is the `` threat '' from the east . 
  the `` forces of good '' are presented as a collection of the exponents of these reactionary circles , whose hands have never been touched by hard labor . 
  their leader is gandalf , the spreader of this retrograde ideology , with whose help the people are kept unconscious and fearful of progress . 
  it comes as no surprise that saruman , the defender of the oppressed and a friend of progress , is proclaimed a traitor , and his residence is destroyed by the fanatical retrograde fighters . 
  when he spreads socialism in the land , he is caught and punished without trial by the hobbits , who are supported and paid by gondor , the capitalist . 
  but socialism luckily can not be destroyed by throwing some relic , even the holiest relic , into the fire . 
  hold on , mordor , surrounded by enemy reactionary neighbors .
