   100b in serbian infrastructure that is number from yugoslavian goverment in 1999 ... and that was not just infrastructure there were less than 500km highways in 1999 in whole serbia ... nato would have bombed every single meter of your highways ... 50x times 100b is just absurd even 40b is still sci-fi we are talking about 3-10b max, 
  and by our finance minister and future pm too . 
  wow . 
  what a terrible argument , 
  so how many people receiving social security in spain ? 
  methods and definition : eurostat produces harmonised unemployment rates for individual eu member states , the euro area and the eu . 
  theseunemployment rates are based on the definition recommended by the international labour organisation ( ilo ) . 
  the measurement is based on a harmonised source , the european union labour force survey ( lfs ) . 
  based on the ilo definition , eurostat defines unemployed persons as persons aged 15 to 74 who : - are without work ; - are available to start work within the next two weeks ; - and have actively sought employment at some time during the previous four weeks . 
  they are using the same methodics for all eu states . 
  for example our stats agency have their own methodics . 
  students in spain while looking for a job are counted as unemployed in spain ? 
  compersion between eu , eurozone , japan and us http://imgur.com/a/25t0i, 
  source : today eurostat data http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7963741/3-03042017-bp-en.pdf/d77023a5-64cb-4bf5-8181-8f4d3a0ee292, 
  actually zeman is the biggest supporter of euro here . 
  he is eurofederalists ( united states of europe ) who wants russia and israel in eu , 
  central europe exists . 
  source : http://hdr.undp.org/en/2016-report, 
  on a large area with cities , towns and villages , 
   few around 1600km \u00b2 which is 10x area of today lictenstein , 
  lichtenstain family owned like 1/10 of today czechia at one point , 
  plot twist : referendum passes but the new president will be super liberal secularist, 
  go scotland !, 
  as a largest english speaking country in eu they can be the hq for lot of multinatinal companies.plus they still have oil . 
  make edinburgh great again . 
  they are like childrens  just pathetic . 
  well , going for a beer or two after school is a thing here , 
  9 $ / h is pretty decent, 
  would some spaniard or greeks work for 1k $ in factory when you can go to germany or uk ? 
  nah even slovaks are coming home . 
  well only problem is that greece is imporing lot of stuff . 
  little pricey with worthless drachma . 
  tbh they had always high unemployment . 
  8 % during boom years 2005-2008 . 
  probably lot of jobs are in shadow economy ( tourism , construction ), 
   inferiority sometimes its for good . 
  this is how skoda was founded : in 1894 , 26-year-old v\u00e1clav klement , who was a bookseller in mlad\u00e1 boleslav , kingdom of bohemia ( today 's czech republic , then part of austria-hungary ) , was unable to obtain spare parts to repair his german bicycle . 
  klement returned his bicycle to the manufacturers , seidel and naumann , with a letter , in czech , asking them to carry out repairs , only to receive a reply , in german , stating : `` if you would like an answer to your inquiry , you should try writing in a language we can understand '' . 
  not satisfied with the reply and realising the business potential , klement , despite having no technical experience , decided to start a bicycle repair shop , which he and v\u00e1clav laurin opened in 1896 in mlad\u00e1 boleslav . 
  slower economic growth and some industries are crying about lack of workers ( they want more ukranians and vietnamese ) but imho some industries should just get away from our country or we will be in the middle income trap forever . 
  low wages and sup chain of germany thanks to geography . 
  from 26 % 3 years ago to 18 % . 
  good job spain . 
  source today eurostat data : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7895735/3-02032017-ap-en.pdf/8a73cf73-2bb5-44e4-9494-3dfa39427469, 
  theme song about spreading schnitzel is radetzky marsch , 
  its from milan , italy brought to the vienna by czech general , 
  i know thats how how are potatoes served here but there is almost no taste in parsley ... 
  is parsley in austria super strong or what ? 
  imho its just for decoration . 
  of course , thats how is standard poptato served . 
  i prefer potato salad over just potato but still left one-bufet food right one-restaurant food, 
  27 years in oppostion , no responsibilty , 10 % guarantee they are happy people video with czech communsits mps party in pairlament https://youtu.be/gslzugvpbb8, 
  italy is in recession ? 
  and 170m $ for italian economy and budget is really nonworthy . 
  well you are wrong . 
  german speaking but not germans aka jews or czechs who spoke german and yeah majority of people in the area which defined bohemia spoke czech, 
   bohemia was not a czech country than germany was not a german country  prague was predominantly german until around 1830 . 
  false , prague was always majority czech, 
  there is a huge fight for these uk agencies . 
  for example ema have budget 300m $ . 
  great news, 
  watch out this spring when the devaluation of czech crown should end , 
  imho people really dislike catholic church . 
  proteststant church is much closer to czech mentality . 
  czech stereotype about catholic church is a fat monk , drinking wine while surrounded by gold . 
  preaching water and drinking wine, 
  he is right tho . 
  horoscops , some cults , mother nature etc etc are really popular . 
  this is ppp , denmark is just expanisve . 
  yeah but not with common currency with economicly weak southern wing . 
  they should start spending or send some money to south . 
  spain-morocco bridge ? 
  i am politicaly right wing but germany really needs to spend some money ( surplus is just insane ) and social democrats are masters in spending . 
  https://vdb.czso.cz/vdbvo2/faces/cs/index.jsf?page=vystup-objekt&amp;pvo=ciz08&amp;pvokc=&amp;katalog=31032&amp;z=t yeah there is even 400 slovenians , 
  last data shows another increase by 30k between 1/2016 -11 / 2016 to 493 505, 
  amazing nature the biggest ski jumping facility plecnik, 
   it has n't been active in any of the major us-led wars just iraq , afghanistan and supplying kurds in syria, 
  refugees from czechoslovakia to austria in 1968 : spend 18 months in camp with barbed wire meanwhile screened from several agencies from their new host country ( cia etc. ), 
  english lessons , culture lessons etc. 
  after 18 months welcomed in usa source : my relatives x 2016 europe total chaos, 
  kroketten are standard side dish here but i never saw the combination with the sausage, 
  krknono\u0161e mountains too source : been there 2 weeks ago, 
  actually i have some realtives in france who are talking about moving to israel for years . 
  nothing bad happned to them aside from some bullying from arabs in school , its more about that they feel that goverment doest give a shit about them and downplaying all the problems . 
  about 10k this year it was 1k/year just few years ago, 
  finally ... attack on free enterprise my ass , 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics, 
  just sanction them , freeze the trade and ban travel to turkey for tourists fuck him, 
  and she is right , spain defense budget is already underfunded ( 1.2 % vs 2 % nato goal ), 
  i had german 13 years at school yeah ... i still know all irregual german verbs from my memory exchange programs were fun tho, 
  imho we would be in red even with russians , ukranians and balkan people . 
  quite sad . 
  fun fact : znojmo hockey team is in austrian league, 
  yes ? 
  its your duty . 
  we have several hundreds policemans in balkan right now . 
  if you need more just ask us . 
  where are you from ? 
  aleppo welcome to europe . 
  so western europe is selling weapons to suadis for the greater good .
