  thank you very much . 
   hitler card was played, 
  climate is pretty racist tbh . 
  how can we get these eu-excemptions ? 
  why should we take the burden when you had the great fucking idea to bomb lybia to the ground ? 
  ohhh ... its the eu funds are charity meme again, 
  of course , 
  than you should invest more to your navy . 
  we would just protect the border like every normal country , not taxi driving them from africa . 
  what will germany do when the majority of eu will forced you to send all your suprlus money to greece ? 
  muh democracy, 
  where are the sanctions against `` racist fance '' in spanish eclaves in africa ? 
  no european values for refugees from morrocco ? 
  no more cyclopaths :( ( ( i guess than we can taxed dividents to your kbc bank from czechia . 
  it was almost 1bn euro last year . 
  can we stop with this meme that eu funds are some sort of charity ?? 
  so you would relocate lets say half of these people to europe ? 
  thats 11m people and they have every right for the asylum . 
  pls no more `` help '' from europe in middle east . 
  so like i said lets tear down the fences and open huge asylum registration centers in africa , asia and middle east . 
  there are 22m refugees areound the world right now . 
  so i say lets tear down the fences in spanish enclaves in africa . 
  asylum is human right . 
  slovenia-balkan tiger romania-vampire tiger, 
  serious question . 
  is this really how germans see themselfs ? 
  like good guys who are solving problems for others ? 
  hundreds of billions ? 
  lol nah we opened our markets for your companies , funds are for infrastructure so we can grow faster . 
  richer east means biiger market for you . 
  it was win-win for all . 
  eu funds are not some charity so you can command us . 
  btw . 
  we will be net payer soon . 
  you mean before lisbon treaty, 
  isnt was pushed by us beacuse they wanted base in turkey against su ? 
  yeah , no one likes to be lectured from outside . 
  i have a friend from russia , very liberal and was anti-putin but after years of lecturing russia from the westhe is now basicly pro putin . 
  fixed . 
  yeah we need immigarbts for sure . 
  we have 160k open jobs position right now and whole industry sector is crying for the luck of workers . 
  but people without high school diploma , zero work experiance and no czech ? 
  thats just burden . 
  there are much better `` candidates '' like ukranians or vietnamese . 
  what goodwill ? 
  imho we should just bribe some african country and apply the australian model . 
  fg is huge and have only 300k population . 
  i mean it have the same size as belgium but only 300k population . 
  lots of space . 
  humanitarian ? 
  around 3k died just this year on te sea . 
  https://www.google.cz/amp/amp.dw.com/en/many-refugees-in-germany-lack-training-or-education-report/a-19414051 so only 1/4 have high school diploma within syrian education system which is one of the worst around the world https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/education_index#ranking, 
  i 'm very much for the help for the greece and italy ( cut eu funds to czechia ) but i want some solution for this mess . 
  safe zone in lybia ? 
  australian model ? 
  ship them to french guiana or something ? 
  look i would vote against le pen too but at the same time i would vote against refugees, 
  so it is ok to bomb lybia but sending back fishing boats is not ? 
  hmmmm, 
  are you sure ? 
  i would like to see referendum ( really anonymous , not some polls where people are scared to look like racist ) in germany or france about immigration . 
  japan looks good tho ... 
  and somehow all `` our '' iraqis are now in germany and are not deported , 
  it was the case with this very last family . 
  because we take them directly from iraq they signed some papers ( not crossing border ) and were almost returned from germany . 
  but germany have some law about church asylum or something like that and some priest from small viilage gave them this protection . 
  about economic benefits imho this is bs . 
  the `` best one '' are already picked by western countries . 
  so most who left are young guys without any language skill , no working experience and in best cases with finished high school which sucks because syrian education system is really bad . 
  btw . 
  czechs are not leaving to the we . 
  we have actually net positive immigration ( 30k/year ) . 
  yup just the `` integration fund '' for these 2k is 40m $, 
  explaining lol our last iraqi family said that their appartment sucks ( 3rd floor without lift ) and that they have realtives in canada and they get free house . 
  so they left next morning to germany, 
  just build the camp 5km from the german border and leave the door open . 
  problem solved . 
  your delusion is actually really cute :3, 
   more like `` eastern europe absolutely does not understand treaties '' . 
  so right now germany absolutely does not uderstand treaty ? 
  sad, 
  take them back to lybia ? 
  if we can bomb them i think we can take some boats there . 
  it was just joke , 
  b-but treaty :(, 
  like maastricht treaty ? 
  is your debt to gdp already under 60 % ? 
  honestly its kinds fucked up . 
  just look at the syria link and how much they can do just with 15m $ and than there is germany who will spend 20bn $ / year on 1m refugees inside of germany . 
  last month we send 2m $ to refugee camp in jordan  and our charity funded from the goverment is active all around the world . 
  https://www.clovekvtisni.cz/en/foreign-aid this is right in syria . 
  https://www.clovekvtisni.cz/en/humanitary-aid/country/syria btw we are the only eu country who have still open embassy in syria and its used as a hq for a lot of charities from eu, 
  sure , give us some time . 
  10-15 years when our currency will be stronger than now . 
  i think that eu should stay away from whole mena region . 
  without our shits there will be still stable iraq , libya and syria . 
  yeah with dictators but stable . 
  so your point is that we should take refugees so we voters likes us more ? 
  say it loud , say it clear , trianon is welcome here , 
  yup .
