thats why i added the / s. 
  in reality both sides would lose . 
  built a wall and make them pay for it !, 
  spanish is an official language in catalonia . 
  as far as i know turkish is not an official language in austria . 
  i disagree . 
  gibraltar remaining a tax haven next to spain and the eu while at the same time enjoying free movement and free trade with the eu is having your cake and eating it . 
  and that is the problem with brexit , you want to have your cake and eat it . 
  on one hand you would like to have `` your country back '' and take full control of your border but on the other hand you would like spain to accept the status quo . 
  what would be your solution ? 
  the problem here is that people from gibraltar would like to remain british and at the same time they would like to remain in the eu , and that is no longer possible . 
  well , people from gibraltar would be able to move freely around spain and the eu , they would be able to keep trading with the eu and so on . 
  it is better than being isolated . 
  anyway , our foreign minister said that closing the border is not what spain wants and that spain would rather have a good deal that benefits both countries . 
  a good relation between spain and the uk is beneficial for everyone . 
  a joint custody would be a good solution . 
  they could remain british that way , while at the same time enjoying the free movement that the eu provides them with . 
  and for spain it would be better to share the rock than not to have it at all . 
  you are starting to sound like erdo\u011fan, 
  since you do n't want anything to do with us and neither with the eu , and since brexit means brexit , let us close the border . 
  you can keep your rock and rot in it . 
  let them keep gibraltar , but keep the border close , after all we know that the uk does not want immigration from the eu . 
  besides , it is a tax haven . 
  i agree . 
  our economy is growing very fast , unemployment is down to 18 % ( still very high , but it 's a good figure if you take into account that it was 26 % in 2011 ) and i think we are all more optimistic about our future . 
  i was just trying to say that as we move closer into a union and the obstacles of immigration come down , some areas are likely to become hubs of innovation , industry and progress at a european level . 
  germany , with low unemployment , good wages , some of the best industries in the world and some of the best cities to live in the world is likely to become one of them . 
  and it will probable attract top talent from all over europe and also other parts of the world too . 
  unemployment in spain is still very high , especially youth unemployment . 
  so i think it is better if those spanish people can work in germany . 
  in spain they would be unemployed and a burden for our economy , so instead they are contributing to the german economy and at the same time they are getting working experience and learning a language . 
  most of them will probably come back when the situation in spain gets better . 
  however , if we continue to move forwards to a federal union , we will also have to accept the fact that in such a union , brain drain will probably be common . 
  most of the industries will be located in central europe , while the periphery will be left behind . 
   @mustafa_bag i do not know . 
  to be honest now there are way better sources about it , but a few hours ago you could not find a lot of information about the migrant deal . 
  i just hope we will not receive the same amount of migrants that we did in 2015 . 
  breaking : `` europe has not kept promises on migrant deal , for us , that agreement has ended '' : turkish deputy pm - @mustafa__bag if this is true , brace yourselves , summer is coming . 
  i think that this is happening in many countries , and not just in germany . 
  even though the economy is growing , people from the middle classes are not benefitting from that growth . 
  what is worse , the middle class is shrinking in many countries . 
  edit : spelling, 
  this is great !, 
  i just think it is funny to see the double standards of some people . 
  the same people that say that this bus must be banned are at the same time launching this campaign all over madrid ... http://imgur.com/a/3zi3s `` there are girls with a penis and boys with a vulva '', 
  `` how much does a polar bear weigh ? 
  enough to break the ice ! '', 
  well , i like spain a lot.i think we have a great diversity of landscapes , architecture , weather , food and our cities are also nice ... however , nothing comes close to italian cities such as rome , venice or florence . 
  and in terms of towns and villages , i would also say that italy has the most beautiful ones . 
  anyway im not trying to start an argument about which country is nicer . 
  my initial comment was just pointing out how beautiful italy is . 
  italy is ridiculously beautiful, 
   reaming yeah haha , to be honest it was a typo and i already changed it . 
  but i also googled the word reaming and it does exist . 
  i didnt know it . 
  damn !, 
  are you telling me that instead of having one tall german girlfriend i may be lucky enough to have three german girlfriends ? 
  i will try to find the remaining two tonight !, 
  is not considered tall , but kind of tallish . 
  anyway , 180cm would be considered tall in many places . 
  after all most of the population in the world is not from europe or north america ( where 180cm is not that tall ) but from asia , south america or africa , where average height is way lower . 
  average height in germany is about 180cm , which is taller than in most european countries and way taller than the world average . 
  germans are very tall though . 
  most of my german friends are taller than 180cm !, 
  germany is full of manmores, 
  we totally understand it 's going to be germany first . 
  but can we just say , spain 's second ? 
  you mirin brah ? 
  genetics of peace , at least i hope he is a manlet, 
  there is not much you can do about it . 
  the majority of spanish traditional families are moving away back to the peninsula , while people of berber / arab ( mostly muslims ) origin keep coming to ceuta and melilla . 
  if you add to this the fact that traditional spanish families have one of the lowest birth rates in europe ( around 1.3 ) , while the people from moroccan origin has a much higher one , it is only a matter of time before ceuta and melilla become muslim cities . 
  about 50 % of the population of those enclaves is already muslim anyway . 
  and about 70 % of the kids are of moroccan origin and most of them speak either arabic or berber at home . most of the `` spanish '' are leaving the place since they dont want to live there . 
  if you go there you will feel like in morocco . 
  the moment when you realise that an illegal inmigrant that is supposed to be really poor and starving has more muscles than anyone at at your gym http://imgur.com/a/t87kn i am definitely mirin, 
  having a higher military budget than russia does not mean that we have a better army . 
  the wages of our soldiers are much higher , and a lot of money is used there . 
  besides , russia has one big functional army , while we have a lot of small armies , with very little projection capability . 
  if russia wanted to invade the baltic , nobody in europe would be able to do anything about it . 
  when i say back then i dont mean in the 40s ,50 s and 60s , but the 70s and 80s . 
  anyway you are right , in terms of infrastructure and many other things we are much better than before . 
  however , basic things such as buying a house are way harder now . 
  but i dont blame the eu for all our problems , as you pointed out we have been behind many other european countries for centuries and corruption is very common among our political class too , which is our fault as well . 
  i also think that having so many autonomous communities is a problem . 
  but overall , i think most of the western europeans will be worse off than their parents , not only spanish or mediterranean europeans . 
  north americans too . 
  without the eu probably no , without the euro yes . 
  we will probably never make it . 
  in spain , just like in most of the mediterranean countries things are just getting worse . 
  gone are the days when you could leave your parents house with your first job , when you could raise your own family , pay a mortgage or a rent ... now if you earn 1000 $ monthly in a city like madrid or barcelona you can consider yourself lucky . 
  sometimes when i see how easy the previous generations had it , and how hard it is for the younger one , i start wondering if the eu and the euro were such a great idea after all . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love the stability that the eu brings to europe , but in terms of economic prosperity it did not benefit all of us in the same way, 
  it reminds me of the witcher 3 : wild hunt . 
  sorry , i had to say it since i know it is a polish game . 
  spain and portugal stronk !, 
  our gpd per capita is now higher than the italian ? 
  i did not know , its quite remarkable considering how damaging the economic crisis was for spain . 
  i think we should have a referendum . 
  however i wonder what would happen if leave wins overall but remain wins in some places such as the city of barcelona .
