  ** '' only a sick mind would ask this question . 
  erdogan is forgeting that sentiment is slowly shifting to `` we really do n't give a shit anymore . '', 
  he is forgeting about our bloody past . 
  morals can change . 
  next time he should go to mecca and try something similar . 
  great comment , actually the best i have read for a while . 
  watch his documentary , his predictions so wrong . 
   2050 ( 2025 at earliest ) they will raise the bar again . 
  you guys said 15 years ago that all ice will melt by now and coastal areas will get flooded . 
  i think it 's you who lives in a denial . 
  daddy issues, 
   good of juncker to do some straight talking . 
  sadly one brexit too late . 
  winter is coming . 
   this will end all tides in the mediterranean how are you gon na send the moon away ? 
  yes , there will be a few deaths , but in the longer time period this will save the lives of other migrants . 
  is it not ? 
  i am genuinly curious . 
   the flow of millions of dollars from state companies into a foundation run by putin 's youngest daughter it looks like hillary and putin have something in common . 
  lol , but movie still sucks . 
  6256 people that gave perfect 10 are as wrong as 18555 who gave it only 1 . 
   this was all done by russia except that it was n't . 
  the whole story began way before russia got involved . 
  you are special kind of idiot who believes the mainstream media and regurgitate lies where the short answer for all is `` russia did it ! '' . 
  this world is much more complex and russia is not all powerful country like you think . 
  the word * russia * in it 's name is a real giveaway . 
  lol , you never know, 
  omg , lying politicians ... 
  i presume this was part of a deal when they make truce with bosniacs and help to defeat serbs . 
  it 's serious - many croats use it when slovenia is going against them in some way ( politics , sports , history , ... ) to degrade and humiliate . 
  they also like to use words like : kekci , alpski srbi , be\u010dki konju\u0161ari , janezi , ... you 'll find this words pretty much under any news in croatia regarding slovenia and some unpleasant for them . 
  well situation is very different now . 
  we always said this question is part of succession and each country covers for it 's citizens , but now the rulling is that we have to return money to all savers . 
  however , lb did not get a dime from companies taking loans and we think you owe us this money . 
  lb did try to use your courts , but since the rule of law does not exist in croatia or is discriminatory towards lb it was a futile task and here is the lawsuit . 
  i hope he gets solitary confinement , because he can radicalize many muslims held in prison . 
  now you see the future for germany if other parties wo n't change it 's course on the subjects that bother voters the most . 
  this is getting crazy . 
  time for spaghetti church members to chip in . 
  [ put them on . 
  ] ( http://suggestive.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/2-1.jpg ), 
   675.5 kilometres they could hug some smaller countries , 
  remarkable . 
  do n't you know , that you will soon give us even more sea ? 
  it 's just the name of this tree : pinus heldreichii or bosnian pine . 
  i know it 's a bit confusing . 
  wow . 
  when one little snowflake starts an avalanche . 
  so depressing . 
  give us a break . 
   countries that do n't respect eu laws ` should be deprived of funds . ' wow , so the first on the list is germany . 
  i am not aware of any eu laws where one member country can invite refugees and then force other countries to integrate them . 
  it 's time to sanction germany . 
  exactly . 
  it depends on the context . 
  funny guy . 
  go to / r/history . 
  not again, 
  and you need brains in the first place ... 
  lie detector ? 
  questions like : mu\u1e25ammad , would you rape a woman not wearing a hijab ? 
  mu\u1e25ammad , do you think that non-believers deserve to die ? 
  maybe there are some other methods , we should ask israelis , because they have special random questions to enforce their airport security . 
   how about an actual video of a real life interaction between an israeli and a palestinian like the one shown above ? 
  you mean stoning and stabbing ? 
  check this videos , you might change your mind . 
  you fell for muslim propaganda my friend . 
  [ money + corruption + palestine ] ( https://www.google.si/webhp?hl=sl&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewieg-hiwvrnahvhejokhd-iakuqpagd#hl=sl&amp;q=money+corruption+palestine ) they received billions in donations and used it for radicalization , terrorism , weapons ... 
   in fact , the us and eu companies would probably prefer the kind of leadership that is reliable and can bring at least some sort of minimum stability to the country . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  i do n't understand why people think that companies just wait to buy assets in corrupt and lawless country . 
  this is gambling ( you have some specialized hedge funds that do this ) , but normal companies do n't like to take huge risk . 
  in fact you will see the opposite - companies just withdraw investments from shitty and unstable countries every single time . 
  it 's called a paradox . 
  loving and hating at the same time . 
  is n't this a well known fact ? 
  in slovenia we have this short proverb : `` hrvat je tat . '', 
  english : `` croat is a thief . '', 
  please , take no offense , it 's just interesting how different nations see other nations . 
  pa mjerkej . '' https://stareslike.cerknica.org/2011/10/27/1930-decve/ translation :  `` even my father used to tell when he was working ( cutting trees ) in croatia that croat is a thief , he is stealing left and right , but when he goes on pilgrimage he will steal all around . 
  so watch out . '', 
   sharia law ca n't be applied to non-muslims . 
  of course not , because non-believers will be killed or converted to islam . 
  problem solved . 
  if they are not killed they will have to accept islamic laws and pay additional taxes , so islam can destroy their genetic future : http://www.answering-islam.org/nonmuslims/rights.htm, 
  i am quite sure that american citizen ca n't study in slovenia for free . 
  maybe if there is some exchange program . 
  although the fee ~ 3000 $ for one year is not that high for an average american . 
  i dunno , if you put in low budget living expenses it would still cost you altogether ~ $ 10k per year . 
   neither will any other ( reasonable ) measure . 
  are you kidding ? 
  there are numerous measures that we can apply without danger for majority - stop imigration from muslim countries , better inteligence service cooperation ( they already have the money and all the data they need ) , deportation of extremist , stop funding from qatar , saudi arabia and other arab extremist countries for the mosques , ... 
  you are funny guy . 
  go to r/serbia and start a thread there . 
  haha , croats have always had bad memory for history . 
  i think hungary did excelent job . 
  you were the first to stop them and build the fence and i remember the shit your government had to swallow from eu politicians and biased media , but you started the process . 
  macedonia did try to protect borders at first , but gave up soon after the media started their campaing and eu politicians asked them to stop the `` cruelty '' . 
  however they started to reinforce borders again , after austria had enough of migrants and started coordinated action to close the balkan route . 
  they pay a lot of money + nice vacation .
