he knows people are going to spin anything so he just says what he thinks, 
  irish descent american would mean fuck all to the irish government . 
  they 're piping up about it because they think it 's wrong, 
  there 's no such thing as a confederate army . 
  it is bad . 
  maybe not for you , but it is bad all over scotland . 
  yes vote was the chance of a lifetime, 
  because they were peddled stories that the country would fall apart in the event of a no vote . 
  the media was relentless, 
  probably the picts, 
  scottish independence would be massive for tourism and cultural exposure . 
  what anniversary is that ? 
  sad he even has to say this at this point . 
  shows the power of the english tabloids, 
  scotland would have a military budget on par with south africa , which would enable them to protect the north sea far better than the uk currently does, 
  scotland would have a military budget on par with south africa , which would enable them to protect the north sea far better than the uk currently does, 
  scotland would have a military budget on par with south africa , which would enable them to protect the north sea far better than the uk currently does, 
  scotland work all week , drink with pals at the weekend, 
  they are n't coming to see the queen , they 're coming to see the palace . 
  gift show are everywhere , they 'd still be there without a monarch, 
  yes , why ? 
  france make a more tourism money with their royal buildings , as does russia . 
  france has no kings , neither does russia have tsars . 
  more self-doubt/hatred than pity . 
  i know what you mean though . 
  that 's because that 's the only thing the english see when they visit their holiday home in the highlands, 
  there 's a scottish werewolf called the `` wulver '' that just hangs around all day fishing , sometimes he leaves fish on people 's doorsteps as a present but he is too shy to stick around . 
  literally the most non threatening monster ever . 
  have you never heard about the scottish cringe ? 
  there 's a good bit in trainspotting about it ... 
  you could try banning the kilt/gaelic language or doing a wee massacre again, 
  `` religious war '', 
  very surprised at the inclusion of scots , never see it on these things usually . 
  dunno about the oldest song , but there is a scottish drinking song from the medieval times that was sung at the battle of bannockburn by the scottish soldiers and at the siege of orleans by the united french-scots army . 
  [ here is what it sounded like . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqyv0iotxle ) the tune was used in the the 1700 's song `` scots wae hae '' which is meant to be a speech the robert bruce made before charging into battle , and was enjoyed by french revolutionaries during their , well , revolution . 
  [ it 's still played today on bastille day . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wulawn_n_o0 ) ^ vive ^ la ^ france, 
  to be fair , for a long time scotland was actually a country , so it was n't `` militant nationalists '' but `` national military '', 
  because there were rebels in 1916 , before any of ireland was independent , that proclaimed all of ireland as independent . 
  after the irish war of independence there was a treaty signed that partitioned the country into the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  then there was an irish civil war between anti-treaty folk who believed in fully independent ireland and pro-treaty folk wanted to take what they could get . 
  i reckon these republican sinn f\u00e9in folk are still angry about the treaty . 
  there 's no militant scottish nationalist group ^ yet, 
  well first of all , neither act of union was democratic in any sense , because democracy as we know it did n't exist at that point . 
  ireland recently had a rebellion at that point and their act of union was a `` punishment '' , basically a way to bring them into the fold . 
  the scots at the time of their union were about 50 years after getting annexed by oliver cromwell and there was a lot of efforts to keep them under british control . 
  what followed was basically gunboat diplomacy . 
  england was at war with france and spain and could n't risk a northern front so scotland was left without a choice . 
  an english spy famously said that `` a scots rabble is the worst of it 's kind '' and that `` for every one scot for the union , there were nine against '' . 
  i 've always taken issue with the idea that england abolished it 's parliament . 
  it did n't , it just renamed it . 
  there was no equality between the two countries within the union , that 's why to this day people within and outwith the uk mostly refer to it as just ` england ' . 
  because that 's all it really is , ` england and co. ' after the act of union an english mp made a speech saying `` we have captured her ( scotland ) , and we shall not let her go '', 
  ireland joined the same way scotland did , do n't understand the quotation marks there, 
  what kind of woman would join isis ? 
  i know we are n't independent at the moment but i ca n't help but feel proud and sad at the same time when i read our declaration of independence from 1320 `` for as long as 100 of us remain alive , never will we be brought under english rule . 
  it is not for glory , nor riches , nor honor that we fight , but for freedom - and for that alone , which no honest man gives up but with life itself '', 
  i liked braveheart 2 : the patriot as well . 
  who knew william wallace was so good with a musket !, 
  we 're getting the pikes together , if you could lend us some guns ... ? 
  i 'd say something about where you live but i do n't know what flag that is, 
  could he fuck, 
  can i see a source ? 
  edit : so you are also parroting the `` crime capital of western europe '' pish without actually knowing if it 's true . 
  people parroting jokes about a place they never heard of before , from people who have never feckin been there . 
  this is the nicest post in this thread . 
  all the rest are `` it 's a shithole anyway ! '', 
  you both are just terrible, 
  i really hate when characters in family guy narrow their eyes and speak in a dead pan voice to set up a cutaway joke . 
  its called `` slaps '' . 
  the romans stopped their hassling and we got a free wall out of it . 
  the cross is of st. andrew , one of jesus ' good pals . 
  it became a scottish symbol , supposedly , in the 9th century when the scots and picts ( gaelic and brythonic groups , before there was a kingdom of alba ) armies united against the anglo-saxons , and were apparently spurred to victory by the miraculous appearance of a great big cross shaped cloud in the ( blue ) sky . 
  the took it to mean auld andrew was pulling for an albannach victory , for whatever reason . 
  it made for a cool flag , i think its one of the oldest flags still in use . 
  theobald wolfe tone is the coolest name, 
  i enjoy saying reykjavik, 
  not `` proud '' but i 'm glad i 'm from scotland . 
  theres nowhere else like it . 
  damn this oil !, 
  been nothing but a burden, 
  thankful we got noticed this time, 
  aye but we 're all on the irish sea, 
  did you know one of the leaders of the ira was a plastic paddy ... from england ? 
  it 's easy when it makes no difference to you, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc3e7ukizt4 was sure you had posted this link, 
  it 's like scotland but green tourist shit instead of tartan, 
  why did the irish language undergo reforms in the 50s ? 
  forgive me if i 've misread but are you saying scottish gaelic is closer to classical/old irish than modern irish ? 
  if so , why do you think this is ? 
  the word `` slogan '' is derived from a scottish gaelic word that means `` battle-cry '' . 
  only slightly related but there ye go ... 
  no but we still prefer chess, 
  young university west end of glasgow type accent . 
  we find it distracting too ... 
  `` the quality of bread in scotland was much better than i expected '' what 's that meant to mean ? 
  it 's the same in scotland ( in the west , at least ) . 
  cunt just means `` guy '', 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orange_order ),
