  that 's not being scottish you cunt , that 's being an anti catholic bigot . 
  away ye go and play the flute in your marching band ya orange bastard, 
  i 'll save you the bother and say the following : ginger hair kilt bagpipe porridge not english, 
  `` the banter '' this is why people hate england, 
  ca n't imagine that 'd make it on the front of a brochure, 
  scotland did not occupy ireland for 1 day , never mind 800 years . 
  i did n't once mention the medieval wars . 
  everything i mentioned about what happened to scotland , happened to scotland when it was within the uk . 
  and the people who came to be known as scotch irish were solely from the border regions of both scotland and england . 
  ca n't tell if you are trolling when you say scotland started the wars ... 
  they were n't wars between two equally powerful nations . 
  it was called the wars of scottish independence , because it had been occupied by england . 
  at the point of the wars of scottish independence , england had already taken over wales and ireland , and got the welsh and irish to invade with them . 
  edit : can someone tell me if i 've said anything wrong here ? 
  cheers in advance ... 
  - `` scotland certainly was n't '' - has had its citizens massacred , ethnically cleansed , it 's rebels executed and its people sold into slavery to the americas within the last 300 years and correct me if i 'm wrong but was it england or scotland that occupied ireland for about 800 years ? 
  talking out your erse , i 'm afraid, 
  do n't give us `` if i remember correctly '' because thats just making me think you do n't . 
  give me a source on this petition that got literally thousands of signatures, 
  was i not repying to a guy who was talking about the snp ? 
  we just want to be a country again . 
  and to be a country that represents itself on the world stage . 
  how many people voted conservative/ukip in scotland ? 
  maybe they were counting on the `` solidarity with the english left '', 
  i 'd like to know what you meant by it obviously, 
  blackmail ? 
  `` securely within the eu '' was one of the main points of the no campaign, 
  wow , virtually untouched, 
  i take it you are over the age of 21 , and therefore not an idiot ? 
   voted ( again ) did i miss the first referendum ? 
  yes you are homogeneous . 
  all speak the same language , same tv , have the same education and form of government . 
  i find it hard to believe you picked france ( of all countries ! ), 
  and compared it , culturally , to * cities * that barely anyone outside of north america have heard of . 
  the only thing you could argue to be a truly wildly different culture could be the indian reservations or the amish . 
  scotland would have been invaded if it had n't done that, 
  who cares ? 
  it should be on the continent anyway, 
  the uk ' s position in the eu is no where near emotional as scotland 's position in the uk . 
  the eu is no where near the forefront of the average persons mind, 
  the absolute best : murdo, 
  what a wanky title . 
  why do people feel the need to be such condescending pricks, 
  you should come over and take over labour , i 'd vote for ye, 
  because they won a clear majority in each of the 56 seats they won . 
  scottish people campaigned for a hundred years for proper home rule but the most they got was a half arsed effort that made it completely unfair for the rest of the uk . 
  if it got home rule after ww2 then there would be no constitutional crisis at the moment . 
  if they listened to ireland it might have got home rule peacefully . 
  both scot and ire might have gradually just became independent like canada and new zealand . 
  she 's graduating this year . 
  incidentally , that 's more than jim murphy ever managed, 
  this comment is precisely right . 
  there was a comment i read the other day when an englishman said `` why ca n't you just be like the welsh '', 
  you can hardly call the act of union a democratic event, 
  hi it 's been 14 hours, 
  this is especially frustrating as a scotsman , considering one of the main arguments they had against independence was that we would remain safely within the eu , as opposed to uncertainty over whether we would be allowed back in, 
  thon is an irish word ? 
  you mean `` england 's wee uncle tom pal '' ? 
  it was to repress the culture , it was n't for no reason . 
  pretty sure us soldiers raped and murdered as well, 
  labour supporter , socialist . 
  pick one . 
  scottish population remained low because of the rate they were leaving to the americas and elsewhere, 
  i hate this talk . 
  who gives a fuck if they were brits ? 
  we 'll take berwick back at least, 
  the only reason why it 's filmed in ireland is because scotland has zero film industry/infrastructure, 
  they 're very similar come to think of it . 
  do you mean just the subreddit , or actual europe ? 
  feck it , yes to both . 
  wales has next to no secessionist movement but ni does, 
  are you sure you know what europe is ? 
  and some of youse jumped over to fight for longshanks , so ye 's did . 
  ruled by england you mean, 
  not me :(, 
  shhhh , he thinks america would win in a red dawn scenario, 
  fuck that . 
  what if you want scotland to be independent , within the eu ? 
  `` is called land of cakes '' thanks india ? 
  england kept giving its unsolicited opinion over and over . 
  there was a time early in the referendum period where all you saw on the tv was a panel of englishmen discussing the prospect of scotland being a country . 
  but is it not shitty to tell someone not to vote to have a country because it upsets someone else ? 
  i voted for political reasons , do you think i could be swayed by someone telling me another country could lose money ? 
  i 'm not talking about brexit, 
  my surname is a gaelic one native to ulster in ireland , it means `` the hound '' . 
  in gaelic culture back in the 10th , 11th centuries being called a hound or a dog was a compliment . 
  it meant you were fierce and loyal of course . 
  in scottish mythology he 's just called fingal, 
  ** no one steps on the scales **, 
  but are n't they just as west as eachother, 
  the leader of the ira only attacked england because he was a believer in celtic solidarity . 
  the only terror attack i 'm aware of in scotland as a result of the troubles was when the udf ( loyalist paramilitary ) blew up a pub in glasgow because it was sending funds to the ira, 
  `` aye , so i will '' = `` no , i will not do that '', 
  it really did n't though . 
  it did n't `` bankrupt scotland '' there was another expedition to africa the following year, 
  the uk is n't close to federalisation . 
  that scotland has the power to choose what day we put the bins out for collection does n't mean we are federalised . 
  the scottish government is only called that because alex salmond wanted it to sound more legitimate , originally it was the `` scottish executive '', 
  scotland 's joining was n't completely voluntary , and they did n't bankrupt themselves . 
  do some reading on it .
