  people and whisky, 
  ireland . 
  and were it physically possible , france . 
  ` mon the celtic confederacy !, 
  ( 1 ) when you gas the jew for their insolence , do you prefer to let it fill the room slowly or just pump it in full blast ? 
  blow-up-hospital drones, 
  it 's the main reason it 's spoken in most countries i would say . 
  in scotland it 's sounds like `` haun '', 
  it 's the french or irish for me i think . 
  politics, 
  since they are n't on this , the scottish gaelic word for wolf is faol and scots is wouf, 
  - see that `` brittania '' stops before scottish border - know that the romans could n't be bothered with us and our aggressive hassling - take out my [ carnyx ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nym0xb5jrc0 ) - get naked and paint big swirly blue pictures all over me - penis swells as carnyx war-song reaches it 's end - beat my chest - kill italian immigrant, 
  a lot of scottish and irish mythology is similar , due to constant migration between north ireland and west scotland for thousands of years . 
  it 's why i grew up speaking a gaelic language actually . 
  nope . 
  55 percent vs 62 percent, 
  best of luck , catalans, 
  god likes you or something, 
  manx is cool because it 's a gaelic language but with brythonic grammar and spelling . 
  such a retarded theory . 
  far left and far right have appeal because they 're alternative to this odd state we live in . 
  you love saying things like that , i can tell . 
  no you are not `` dangerous '' . 
  he was n't saying you ca n't / are not allowed to say it , he 's saying you are making all of us dumber for having read it and to please stop . 
  i think it 's the scots and the northern irish now . 
  did you see the last election campaign in the uk ? 
  we were the bogey men, 
  scotland as a nation did n't formally take part in much of the war but at least 50,000 scots fought for almost every side as mercenaries . 
  i knew i could count on the irish asking after us . 
  good lads . 
  how disrespectful . 
  if britain was part of the continent it would have had just as much of a hard time as france . 
  if it makes you feel better he was killed and hung upside down from a gas station roof by anti fascist partisans, 
   gaelic user name  butchers apron pick one . 
  they banned that language you know , now its supposed to be spelled inverness, 
  is switzerland not a confederation ? 
  fascism is just as bad though , and the cause of nazi , and would include fascist italy and spain which would be a good thing . 
  a fine banter riposte, 
  european patriot, 
  of course ours is the only one you could slit a throat with, 
  that struck me as odd too, 
  your happy with your border , that 's what matters . 
  obviously not homogenous if there 's a stark political difference and ambition . 
  it looks cool i think . 
  medieval gear with stars and stripes . 
  like alternative history, 
  lol . 
  while i think it 's daft to give children guns , i 'm just glad they 're not giving it to a fascist turkish militia, 
  i sympathise with the folk on the receiving end of this ` hobby ' . 
  guns are n't toys . 
  an armed islamic militia is a good thing ? 
   still in use, 
  great britain as a political entity . 
  the same way the uk is `` leaving europe '', 
  legally speaking it would be the end of great britain but the uk would still exist . 
  it 's called the uk because of ireland , and they still have northern ireland . 
  it would only cease to be called the united kingdom if ni left . 
  best anthem in eu . 
  no one can really use the armband anymore either . 
  yes let 's bring fascism back to europe . 
  great idea . 
  / r/polandball, 
  still find that completely absurd . 
  america is in the game but not france . 
  in a single year more french soldiers died on the western front than american soldiers have died in all their wars combined . 
  maybe the declaration of arbroath . 
  and the clearances . 
  scotland, 
  nah the welsh are thick as fuck as well, 
  and it does n't include us ... :(, 
  about tree fiddy, 
  ni would be better off with the republic economically in the long term . 
  a hundred years ago belfast was the greatest city in ireland and dublin was trailing behind . 
  the opposite is true now . 
  i think britain gains from keeping ni in a state of `` purgatory '' where its a constant level of shite with zero investment . 
  i reckon the republic of ireland would be more motivated to help the north . 
  independent scotland , united ireland . 
  or maybe super celtic confederate republic judging by the irish and scotland subreddits right now, 
  it was an english referendum , no one in scotland wanted it . 
  `` is anyone else thinkng about federalisation '' yes , for about a hundred and thirty years . 
  we 're done asking for that . 
  we would have more representation than we do currently in the eu . 
  we also had the dollar in the 1600s i believe . 
  interest was really low in scotland . 
  it mostly felt like a foreign referendum, 
  not wales . 
  they voted leave . 
  welcome to scotland, 
  kiltbucks, 
  turkey . 
  we liked it when you were secular . 
  your england flair tripped me up . 
  cool anecdote . 
  know many yes voters in england aye ? 
  really hope we 're not dragged out . 
  i like europe . 
  do you actually believe this ? 
  communists were the first to fight and die against fascism . 
  ideologically they are opposite . 
  were n't a lot of irish nationalists in the early 1900s borderline fascists ?
