  not to mention speak the same language, 
  with the price of fuel what it is i ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  why would they ? 
  you are therefore not familiar with manhood . 
  that looks incredible , i 'd love to live there . . and the netherlands in general . 
  such is life for latvia-potato-dreamer, 
  fish ? 
  5 $ kilo please, 
  you better czech yourself , before you wreck yourself . . 
   with a decent government that 's what we 're trying to do now , our government is utter crap . 
  it does have its beauties and offers some spectacular scenery and tourism opportunities , and i think the population is finally starting to realize we are n't the shittiest part of europe anymore and that we can actually change for the better since we already have the potential . 
  we just need the motivation and the right set of tools . 
  i guess we 'll rename croatia to dylan then :p, 
  why would it be cro ? 
  i thought they were all in the countries native language . . d for germany , es for spain , etc ;, 
  what was the international code for croatia ? 
  or hrv ? 
  i 'm wondering how the new licence plates will look , 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  me too . 
  i do n't care what the haters say , even though i still consider it fast food it 's still good food and good value for money ( i only eat there when i shop though ), 
  this is true , i have a greek place at my university . 
  i eat there every.single.day . 
  chicken skewers with tzatziki sauce and rice . 
  it 's as if i 'm eating ambrosia . 
  we have some family friends who purposely do that before coming to our house for dinner , we tend to think of them as somewhat cheap haha ( in a jokingly manner of course ), 
  oh , it 's `` that '' tv station . 
  haha i understand , every country has one . . 
  i know it 's a joke , but i still think it 's poor taste , after all it is the prime minister of your country . 
  it says a lot of the roma if even the worlds most accepting country ( arguably ) does n't want them . 
  i do see canada being criticised though . . 
  could n't have said it better, 
  you 'll always have your friendly neighbors to the east !, 
  i really do n't think enough time has past , i believe romania is still heavily influenced by the communist times unfortunately , thats why the people have nearly given up hope and allowed this baboon to run the country and do whatever he wants ( he 's literally altering laws to keep him and his party in power not to mention the amount of eu funds that go missing all the time ) , they feel hopeless to revolt just as they did in the communist times . 
  i do have hope for the newer generations , especially those born after the 1989 revolution , they get out more , and they experience what a real democracy is all about , and this moron 's term is done next year or so . 
  i 'm just curious . . how has the relationship between croatia and serbia changed ( if at all ) within croatia ever since those generals were found innocent ? 
  wow hahaha i use that too !, 
  never bothered to look at the label though , i do n't really buy the food in the house . 
  i love that shit !, 
  saying you 're not `` comfortable '' with the indian or pakistani culture is incredibly xenophobic and quite a ridiculous answer . 
  i doubt they travel by rickshaw , walk their cows around your neighbourhood , and break out in a bollywood flash mob at your local mall just for the hell of it . 
  man up , stop acting like a 5 year old girl over your `` comfort '' zone and realize they 're just normal people who come from a very distinct but interesting culture who are likely far more hospitable and welcoming than you clearly are . 
  only thing that 's disgraceful is your comment, 
  yeah , i see i was too quick in making my accusation hah , they do seem to have a strange attraction to all things turkish , i too enjoy their food and my family frequently goes on vacation there . 
  yeah , me too, 
  it 's evident no one really wants to be associated with us haha . . 
  as a romanian , this thread depresses me . 
  it is evident europe does n't really like us because of the roma but if i had to answer i 'd say moldova with honourable mention to serbia . 
  though i feel once your out of europe you 're one in the same , eastern european . 
  my last girlfriend was croatian and we had many similarities in our culture ... 
  ha it 's awesome how we all have our own brew of moonshine . . 
  i know we drink plenty ... but i would 've never thought we drink the most haha, 
  that 's funny , montreal has some of the worst infrastructure i 've ever seen . 
  overpasses literally falling apart before your eyes . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  i visited vienna for christmas and while it was beautiful , clean , and very well kept , something was missing among all the perfection . . you still need a degree of disorder i find . . keeps things interesting, 
  you make a fair point . 
  moronic responses like yours exemplify exactly what is wrong with the whole situation . 
  if you wish to have a conversation please grow up . 
  and good on you for adding to your nation 's stereotype . 
  sorry , though it may seem i did i did n't mean to imply any form of racism . 
  it made me wonder how different views are in regards to immigrants in north america and europe , and how immigrants act in respective nations around the world . 
  i have many middle-eastern friends here in canada and they 're some of the most kind hearted people i 've ever met , however i wonder if they would have shown the same hospitality in a european setting . 
  i think this is what majorly lacks in europe . 
  a sense of acceptance and too little respect for immigrants . 
  however if it 's executed properly by both parties the two can coexist peacefully . 
  makes you wonder does n't it, 
  well do we know if it was driven by said romanian ? 
  may have been stolen ... edit : 16 romanians have been arrested in hungary in connection with a human trafficking investigation , fuck my life ... well nvm then, 
  condolean\u021be :(, 
  this is what happens when cousin attila comes on holiday . 
  i always found it amusing how fifa claims to be non-profit yet they 're sitting on over a billion dollars ... really makes you think . 
  i 'm afraid this is n't an entirely correct impression to have . 
  you are correct in saying that the romanian government is slow and unresponsive to issues . 
  however , or newly elected president is making changes and progress is being made , starting with the rampant corruption present . 
  you ca n't expect us to get up to western standards overnight , and i do believe a lot of progress has been made in the past 15 years . 
  the blame however , does also lie with the roma themselves . 
  they are travellers , they only know one way of life and they like it , it 's not that they 're forced into begging because romania is that bad . 
  they choose not to go to school , they marry extremely young , and the whole process repeats itself over and over again over many generations . 
  and to add salt to the wound , since they are romanian citizens it really sours our european reputation when they 're off begging and stealing and whatever . 
  i know you 've heard this millions of times , `` roma , not romanian '' but trust me we 're 1000x more sick of it ... just a little more patience , please , 
  some of you are fucking animals . 
  can you imagine being at your wits end , so desperate you 're willing to risk dying in the most horrific way possible , only for a sliver of a chance of a better life where you 're probably going to be stuck working minimal wage the rest of your life living in deplorable conditions faced by constant xenophobia , but it 's still worth not living in the hell you came from . 
   cue the cbc fucking with me hahahaha sorry i could n't finish reading what you said after this lol . 
  in canada , the cbc is the canadian broadcasting corporation , sort of a canadian bbc or abc . . i just pictured some anchors roughing you up at the border and it made me laugh . 
  the correct acronym you 're looking for is cbsa , canadian border security agency , they 're the officers at the borders . 
  and if it 's any consolation , i 've had plenty of unpleasant experiences with us border patrol too . 
  it 's sad really , probably the two friendliest countries on earth and we treat each other like terrorists . 
  i hate this one the most . 
  i 'm pretty sure moldova too ... 
  and we all know why ... his name rhymes with stephen dickweed, 
  and quebec !, 
  canada revokes either citizenship or passport ( ca n't remember which ) if you are accused to be involved in terrorism overseas , as in you ca n't enter canada again, 
  you have to overlook many many things to consider it a great place to live i think . 
  that is like hating all the english because of the bp oil spill . 
  insane laws ? 
  such as ? 
  douse it in oil !, 
  show it the way !, 
  socialism,
