regardless of the fact if a european country is in the eu or not it should be included in this sub , no ? 
  downvote all you want , but i find this comment ignorant and unnecessary . . sorry, 
  i too am surprised . 
  the amount of suzukis i saw when i just crossed the border was incredible . 
  i disagree completely with not doing anything until proof . 
  what proof could he possibly get and how ? 
  he should report that individual immediately and if it is a hoax that person should be charged under the fullest extent of the law . 
  i was being sarcastic , i just fear people are voting for him just because he 's german and we have this image in our head about german superiority in romania , not that there is anything wrong with them but it 's dangerous for people to be so naive . 
  so if he was russian but with the exact same morals and beliefs he 'd be no good right ? 
  ( it 's ok he 's serbian ), 
  ah yes , the romania special delivery trim level sans air conditioning . . how nice they are in 40 degree summers :d, 
  if the amount of romanian tourists in vienna is any indication , we like you guys , a lot . 
  your wiener schnitzel is a true gift of the culinary gods ... why did that sound inappropriate . . 
  i can tell you any well respected , educated romanian has no ill will towards serbians . . , . or any other european nation , maybe hungary because viktor orban is kind of a shit disturber . . anyways i digress . 
  there is an old saying i generally do n't agree with but it states `` romania has two neighbours , the black sea and serbia '' , 
  at least all those idiots who think europe is a country will now rejoice, 
  well let 's be honest we 're not the most welcoming bunch are we, 
  well it gets right down to business so to speak , i only watched a few seconds and i already saw what looked like a severely decapitated body . . so yeah you 've been warned, 
  this made my stomach turn many times , this is some serious nsfl content and i wished i had n't watched it :(, 
  really ? 
  you really think romania out of all the `` slavic '' countries wants to join russia ? 
  we 've spent decades trying to distance ourselves from them and become a pro-west eu nation . 
  i highly doubt the people will want to piss all of that away . 
  you idiot ca n't you see ? 
  when we get bored we play tic-tac-toe on it !, 
  good news comrade !, 
  i drive a volvo and i shop at ikea . 
  enough said . 
  i 'd love to live there . 
  bravo , i 'm impressed, 
  i can not stand these threads . 
  we 're so obsessed about what others think of us instead of focusing our attention on the issues and stereotypes we already know exist !!, 
  i recently had a dinner with a few fellows from holland . 
  one really enjoyed our music and the other did n't even know romania was in the eu . 
  i can assure most europeans do n't think about what a shit country romania is in fact they go on living their daily lives , and the ones that are really butt hurt about us are the right wing extremists who are too ignorant and mentally challenged to change their ways anyways . 
  i have polish friends , hungarian friends , spanish friends , german friends , israeli friends , russian friends , and we do n't care about our nationalities , yes we poke fun at each other every now and then but knowing someone and appreciating someone is much more than just finding out where they come from . 
  welcome to the north korean-romanian circle jerk . 
  honestly things were n't too bad in communist romania before ceasescu went to nk and got all these idiotic ideas in his head . 
  this is when he started demolishing nearly all of bucharest to build those god awful apartment blocs and this is why it 's now the ugliest capital in the eu . 
  to think we were once referred to as the `` paris of the east '' . 
  yeah , it 's very upsetting . 
  thanks !, 
  can someone please eli5 ? 
  exact same idiotic mentality in romania too . 
  i then told my relatives that without a seatbelt they probably would n't live to have the problem of being stuck in the car post accident . 
  that shut them up quickly lol . 
  also many cars in the early 21st century lacked seatbelt reminder chimes or would n't chime while the car was moving/annoying the driver . 
  dracula 3000, 
  already have . 
  gorgeous country !, 
  but your busses are quite odd , 
  my brain hurts stop it, 
  in the same boat brother ... want to switch country names to see if anybody notices ? 
  hahahahahaha you 're funny, 
  ah ok my apologies !, 
  haha i had no idea we finished every country . 
  i think you should have gone with `` what do you know about ... montenegro '' you ca n't really have an interest in something if you have no knowledge of it can you ? 
  that bulgarian kashkaval . . a true cheese of the gods . 
  and seemingly the only other country in the eu that gets shit on for plauging europe with roma and poverty . 
  its interesting that , despite romania and bulgaria being neighbors i do n't remember any of these things !!, 
  all i remember is when my dad brought his volvo from austria ( no it wasnt stolen ) and how he acquired it by trading two paintings and an iron for it lol . 
  this is very interesting nevertheless . . thanks for sharing , 
  apparently the company is willing to deal with the clean up costs and promote the area as a tourist zone once the mining has stopped and stated it would seem as if `` there was never a mine in the first place '', 
  not if they build that stupid gold mine :(, 
  we should finish `` what do you know about [ country ] '' it 's not really fair to take it out of the spotlight when we have n't even covered all the eu countries . 
  ill send one from toronto !, 
  please pm the address, 
  this series , brought to you by deutsche bank !, 
  naughty naughty !, 
  it 's really poor . 
  i have a moldovan friend and i always thought of him as a `` russian-ified '' romanian . 
  his parents told him it 's important to keep their ties with the russians ... whatever that 's supposed to mean . 
  sounds shady . 
  they make good wine though !, 
  probably before us, 
  our beloved count ... 
  haha me too . . who knows we may have even brushed shoulders :p, 
  wow , the metric system is great !, 
  i 'm from that far north region and never had anything against hungarians . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the only ones with problems are 60 + senior citizens who have n't moved on from the mid 20th century . 
  ( ca n't you see ?? 
  it 's all part of the plan !, 
  befriend and then attack !! ), 
  in all seriousness i 'm not going based on some conflict that dates back so many years . 
  i personally have had nothing but pleasant experiences with hungary/hungarians . 
  friendly western neighbors . 
  good food , beautiful capital city and woman . 
  i also have some hungarian ancestry somewhere . 
  ah that 's interesting . 
  im glad to see both sides have come a long way . 
  thank you for your response !, 
  what sort of fool said germans do n't have much to be proud of ? 
  i have german ancestry that i 'm very proud of . 
  what 's the general feeling that croats have towards the serbs these days ? 
  my ex girlfriend was croatian and she hated serbians ... despite how much she liked me she said had i been serbian she would n't have given me a second look ... 
  call me ignorant , but what happened in belgium ? 
  i really look forward to the day . 
  i 've met only the nicest of people from that entire region . 
  i look forward to the day i can drive from romania to croatia border free for vacation , 
  i was talking about the us .
