  i suggest you read robert fisk : http://www.amazon.com/the-great-war-civilisation-conquest/dp/1400075173 you can also find a lot of interviews and his commentary on youtube . 
  please check it out . 
  `` simple task '' ? 
  even though i agree that it is seriously becoming a necessity , i somehow suspect it would make more sense for europe to actually help resolve the conflicts and economic conditions which make these people want to come to europe . 
  fuck you buddy . 
  the us was n't involved in libia ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya 10 years feels that long ago to you ? 
  i bet it does n't to the iraqis . 
  and what do you call killing 3000 people in drone attacks in a foreign country ? 
  iraq , afghanistan , libia , yemen , pakistan , ... you do n't need to deploy ground troops to breach the sovereignty of a country . 
  if those are n't invasions i do n't know what are . 
  `` racism '' ? 
  your the one who ironically claimed that portuguese people are lazy , and you call me a racist ? 
  fuck you buddy . 
  portugal lost its `` stable economy '' status in large part because of external , or private sector factors - not necessarily because of mismanagement of a central government . 
  you know that japan has almost double the debt to gdp ratio which portugal has , right ? 
  and you know that singapore is not much behind ? 
  by that measure , are those two countries `` mismanaged '' ? 
  and funny that you speak of a '' quiet '' foreign policy as if that was a bad thing , in my mind it is a very positive thing !, 
  could portugal be much worse ? 
  well , of course , and so could just about every other country - so what ? 
  i know of many other , more serious ways to mismanage a country . 
  for example , getting into illegal wars every few years . 
  nonetheless , portugal is a country without any internal or external conflicts , with stable borders , which has transformed its economy from agrarian to industrial to services in a short timeframe . 
  to me that is not a mismanaged country . 
  sure it is , for as long as the turks allow it . 
  not at all , what pisses off portuguese people is not the clumping with the spanish - it is the intellectual vulgarity of knowing next to nothing about portugal * or * spain and having the presumption to even ponder about any of the two . 
  so yes , basically what i am saying is that you are a pompous git , not only being armenian makes you kind of an historical accident , but living in the us just dilutes your significance even further . 
  so yes , talk whatever you want about the portuguese - at least we still have a country . 
  oh , ok . obviously that makes you an authority in portuguese work ethics ? 
  really ? 
  so what comes to mind then ? 
  and if i may ask you , what is your nationality ? 
  `` consistently mismanaged '' ? 
  is n't that a bit of a stretch ? 
  which country is `` consistently well managed '' ? 
  actually , brown skinned people , russians , culturally non-european people , greeks , southerners and just about anyone else . 
  to me any romance languages will be my favourite ones - of which french would probably be my first pick . 
  morocco is a stable country until europe and the us decide that its government was n't democratically elected and decide to bomb the shit out of it to bring `` democracy '' . 
  then portugal will have a refugee crisis . 
  and how much would german exports decline if it wasnt for an artificially low euro ? 
  ... but , what about free speech ? 
  israel is now europe ? 
  i think so too . 
  there are much better ones , including this one : http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/algarve#/media/file:portuguese_beach_algarve.jpg, 
  ... or on a concentration camp . 
  perhaps you didnt read the article . 
  it is not poverty we are talking about , we are talking about starvation . 
  happy to see sense prevail . 
  got it , thank you . 
  30 or 50 years ?? 
  what ?? 
  as far as we know , maybe even the us might not be able to do so ... who knows ? 
  as syria shows , russia can still project military power any time it is willing to do so . 
  not to mention that nukes or no nukes , russian diplomacy and influence is n't exactly ignored . 
  i have no idea what you are going on about . 
  what about speculators and investors in the housing market increasing the costs for first time buyers and families ? 
  perhaps that has more of an impact than imigrants do ? 
  just saying ... 
  the problem is that simplification very often leads to misinterpretation of history , which is a very dangerous thing . 
  so simplifying something is n't always a desirable thing . 
  were you expecting anything but an oversimplification in / r/europe ? 
  norway , denmark and finland . 
  you would n't want to have any children either if your joint monthly income was 1000 euros and your job security was about 0 . 
  you could at least go and read the definition of `` western world '' before exposing yourself as someone who knows jack shit about history - it is not as if it is hard to do . 
  here it is : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_world you could at least know that `` latin america '' comes from `` latin '' , as in originating from languages based on latin , and latin originating from the roman empire , and the western world being defined from cultures influenced or originating in europe kind of should give you a clue that perhaps latin america * is * part of the western world , but hey , maybe you are not very good at connecting the dots . 
  i am pretty sure he uses `` western '' interchangeably with `` white '' . 
  so australia is `` western '' but brasil or south africa would be `` less western '' . 
  thank you - you made me laugh . 
  are you an idiot or you are just pretending to be ? 
  all of europe and the eu has given implicit support to the invasions of iraq and libya , so called `` democratic '' revolutions in middle-eastern countries , and foreign policy towards muslims . 
  one way or another we are responsible for the whole mess we find ourselves in and are paying for it . 
  you ca n't take war somewhere without expecting someone to bring door to your own doorstep . 
  but still europeans will not learn their lesson . 
  is it just me or this is the worst news title ever ? 
  `` most '' people ? 
  what makes you think `` most '' people are economically illiterate ? 
  i would argue that most economists are economically illiterate , especially considering that economists have consistently been wrong about most aspects of the economy over the last 20 years or so . 
  the algarve is mild all year round , but other parts of portugal have much nastier weather in the winter . 
  dear uk , you have been saying that you want out for 20 years . 
  please leave already , kindly close the door on your way out . 
  thanks . 
  portugal here . 
  i wish people here were more `` customer focused '' or `` goal oriented '' . 
  customer service here is generally awful , and finding people who actually seem to bother about giving you good service ( as simple as returning calls and replying to emails ) is really difficult . 
  our gdp would probably grow by 10 % if people just bothered to answer their phones . 
  you know that maximum that 80 % of success is just showing up ? 
  does n't apply here . 
  ok , let us assume what you say is correct . 
  your suggestion is what ? 
  i am going to influence people around me , discuss why and how people can change their behaviour to shape society , educate my children to behave in ways that make society better , i am going to vote , i am going to vote with my wallet - all these things are easy to do and make a difference . 
  this is the most idiotic thing i have heard in a long time . 
  so what you seem to be saying is that if it is hard to achieve , one should just give up . 
  seriously , we should all just throw away any concept of civilization if we are to follow your defeatist approach to life . 
  ca n't be good friends with a bully ? 
  that is an amazing level of hypocrisy . 
  is europe a us ally ? 
  what is the us except a bully ? 
  '' ... just like on a strategy video game ... '' , stopped reading right there . 
  in 6 weeks or less it will all been forgoten and it will be business as usual .
