... because clearly there is no racism in the usa , kuwait or australia ... 
  germans can be completely unfriendly , but once they get to know you they are direct , and eager to genuinely help you out . 
  also , they have the best cakes and bread in the western hemisphere . 
  a very large proportion of people in most european countries do n't vote . 
  at all . 
  good idea or not , a lot of people have given up on `` democracy '' - rusell brand reflects that view . 
  really ? 
  what is it the uk is doing so well ? 
  and now someone should really factor in relative prices ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=cpl ) , for example , accounting for ppp the uk has a mean income when compared to portugal of about 1721 euros rather than 2496 , while denmark corrects from 3100 euros to about 1800 - huge differences . 
  could it be these bikers are n't all that tough and come back in body bags ? 
  because that would be entertaining ... 
  but a high-tech dystopia is precisely the direction we are taking . 
  i presume you read the counter points to his arguments , which you can even find in the wikipedia page for his book ? 
   it 's simply not true that there is some recent trend of people becoming more cruel or generaly worse . 
  on the contrary people are much less tolerant of violence and evil than ever before . 
  things like bullying or racial or gender dicrimination causes great outrage now yet those things we generaly tolerated merely 50 years ago . 
  you think ? 
  can you back that up with numbers ? 
   also i do n't think sociopathy or lack of moral instinct and empathy is the worst humanity has to offer . 
  so , what is it ? 
  you mention ignorance , hatred and prejudice . 
  well - that depends on the outcome , and on how you define ignorance , hatred and prejudice . 
  there are plenty of cultures where these traits abound , and yet they are extremely social and benign in their nature ( e.g. , people who live in small nomadic tribes ) . 
  you have to think of the article in its context - i personally agree with most of its conclusions . 
  that is the truly heroic and stoic spirit of the discoveries . 
  well , why are n't the us and britain on one of their `` freedom '' missions to liberate the crimean people from oppressive dictators ? 
  this right here . 
  i identify my `` europeaness '' as a left-centric political bias and belief in social policies - basically the opposite to us views . 
  today i learnt that lithuania has some buildings , a couple of bridges , sand dunes , pedestrian crossings , an open sky concert hall and a few beaches ... why would n't you want to visit ? 
  the russians invaded ? 
  already ? 
  what am i missing ? 
  yes , let us do that . 
  because clearly there are no people in our doorsteps actually needing food assistance . 
  george w bush and tony blair - by your definition , they were authoritarian rulers ? 
  sure i have , and so has the cia - that 's why they have been trying to bribe karzai in the tune of dozens of millions of dollars . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/29/world/asia/cia-delivers-cash-to-afghan-leaders-office.html?pagewanted=1&amp;_r=0&amp;pagewanted=all you probably do n't read the news . 
  yes , handed over to a civilian entity which favours the us view . 
  how is russian doctrine diferente from us doctrine ? 
  does `` anyone '' include the united states , britain and france ? 
  did n't think so ... 
  well , if the us can do this all the time , so can russia . 
  actually , you ca n't take a doctor 's license because he broke the hippocratic oath . 
  well , it is not as if europe was being bombarded and hundreds of people had died . 
  and yet in another part of the world , http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-28539528 ... and no sanctions to be seen ... what a world we live in !, 
  ah , the british !, 
  charming people !, 
  hang on - you are saying north korea is possibly a threat to the united states and any weapons sold to them might be used against said us ? 
  and when exactly was the last time russia was a threat to france ? 
  if i remember correctly , last time there was aggression between the two countries a guy called napoleon invaded said russia . 
  your logic is impeccable . 
  yeah , because the us does n't sell or supply arms to unsavoury regimes everywhere . 
  http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2012/06/21/why_is_the_us_selling_billions_in_weapons_to_autocrats seriously , the hypocrisy is too painful to watch . 
  you do n't really believe logic applies to this thread , do you ? 
  whenever your mother is busy that is exactly what i do . 
  before we all get excited about this and start talking about russia and putin , let us remember that not too long ago the us navy shot down iran air 655 over iranian airspace killing 290 people . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 the us has never apologized for this incident . 
  they could bring it down to 0.001 % , it wo n't make a difference - there just are n't any growth opportunities in europe because europe does n't have an industrial policy anymore . 
  who are banks going to lend to ? 
  should i remind you that under british law , gays were chemically castrated or imprisoned until 1967 ( and until 1981 in scotland ) ? 
  in historical terms 50 years is a mere blink of the eyes . 
  i was n't comparing britain to germany or france - i was comparing it to iran . 
  saying that , germany and france did n't make fools of themselves trying to prove the existence of weapons of mass destruction in certain countries which shall remain unnamed . 
  maybe you forgot to mention that hezbollah was formed in response to israel invading lebanon in 1982 ? 
  and yes , you * only * hear bad news about iran , because that is all that western media is willing to cover . 
  we would be better off reading some history books rather than watching the news . 
  yeah , because the uk does n't have a nuclear weapons programme , is n't one of the worlds largest weapons exporters , and does n't regularly support or sell weapons to dictatorial regimes around the world . 
  what really bothers me is how people can view the uk , a country which has used aggression against multiple countries in the last 20 or 30 years in a positive way , and iran - which has n't invaded or occupied anyone in centuries is perceived as a negative influence ... 
  you are confusing der spiegel with the average british tabloid . 
  well , consider who his audience is ... 
  coming from the bbc and other western media , i am sure this is totally credible - like the evidence for weapons of mass destruction in iraq . 
  make fusion powered electricity generation a reality within 5 years instead of 50 . 
  actually , even individuals work this way - people tend to discard evidence which does n't fit with their beliefs . 
  i do n't class myself as a communist , but if you can deliver a political and economic system which delivers progress , sustainability and a happy populace i will vote for you . 
  perhaps the solution * is * something not very different from a planned economy ( something close to communism ) - i would have absolutely no problem with that as long as it delivers what is best for the people and the planet . 
  i am politically and economically agnostic , as long as it is sustainable and results in a dignified and happy population . 
  problem is , 90 % of the population have been indoctrinated with the idea that the only alternative to capitalism is communism , or something closely related . 
  so whenever someone wants to seriously talk about alternatives he/she is automatically labeled as a lefty . 
  thought it was going to be much worse . 
  that comment basically shows you are a huge cunt who cant even check basic facts : http://ec.europa.eu/justice/fundamental-rights/files/missing_children_study_2013_en.pdf, 
  why ca n't they be integrated ? 
  i mean , seriously , it is not the first time there have been mass migrations . 
  there were mass migrations to north and south america in various points in history , why is europe different ? 
  do n't insult the somalian people by comparing them to the british . 
  oh , by the way . 
  you do realise that canada has bigger proven reserves than iran , right ? 
  is canada a sandbox as well ? 
  what does libia have to do with arabia ? 
  are libians `` arabs '' by any chance ? 
  libia is n't even in the middle east !, 
  are all refugees from libia ? 
  i thought quite a lot of them come from syria , iraq and other middle eastern countries . 
  you are confusing the middle-east with the arabic pen\u00ednsula . 
  iran , iraq , turkey , syria , jordan are not arabic countries , and they can very well developed non-oil based economies . 
  indeed iran and iraq were doing just that until the west decided that it might be a bad idea ... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat, 
  he sounds wiser than you , actually . 
  europe put billions into qe and bankrupt banks , was n't that unfruitful ? 
  did n't stop anyone from doing it ... why would sponsoring projects , peace and the economy of countries like libia , egypt , syria and iraq be more unfruitful ? 
  how about making friends instead of enemies ? 
  unfortunately there are still lots of people ( like you ) who really do n't understand the middle-east .
