not according to wikipedia but yeah you are right about london vs paris , i was looking at the wrong parts urban vs greater vs metro etc. 
  yeah most european cities are spread out compared to london . 
  london 's population density is around 50 % higher than paris . 
  no more than germany . 
  both are not to the extreme of britain with only double the size compared to the second largest . 
  whether you agree with brexit or not ( i do n't ) britain still has the 5th largest economy in the world . 
  if that were true then there would be data on poland ... 
  i wasnt just talking about russia , there isnt data on either country i could find . 
  tried to look for data but cant find any on race just ethnicity , so its going to depend on what you consider `` white '' . 
  [ poland ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/pl.html )  polish 96.9 % , silesian 1.1 % , german 0.2 % , ukrainian 0.1 % , other and unspecified 1.7 % [ russia ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/rs.html )  russian 77.7 % , tatar 3.7 % , ukrainian 1.4 % , bashkir 1.1 % , chuvash 1 % , chechen 1 % , other 10.2 % , unspecified 3.9 % my guess is its going to depend on where in russia but as a whole i would definitely say there are more ethnicities . 
  even just the tatar population puts them higher , so i would assume they are wrong . 
  source is the cia for both those numbers . 
  `` muslimstatistics '' the most unbiased of sites , i also love that they could n't afford to pay for a proper site and went with wordpress instead . 
  i never claimed otherwise ? 
  if it were a vote about scotland we would n't be having this conversation . 
  scotland as a country voted to remain in the eu , scotland can not force ruk to remain in the eu so scotland should be given the opportunity to not follow ruk in leaving the eu by conducting an independence referendum which is exactly what is sought . 
   on the other hand they just had a referendum and an independence referendum every five years does n't bring stability . 
  the last referendum took this exact situation into account . 
  it had the stipulation that any change of the political situation in the uk would result in a second independence referendum . 
  if britain had voted to remain in the eu scotland would not advocate for another referendum ( in theory that is we obviously cant know that ) . 
  had scotland actually voted to leave the eu in the eu referendum i doubt that holyrood would advocate for another as we are seeing . 
  the key here is scotland voted to remain the eu rather decisively . 
  if there are other spaces you do n't have an acceptable reason , you sit next to someone only when you have to , if you pick the hot girl you did it because she 's hot not because you had to . 
  just never next to the attractive girl if there are other spaces, 
   every illegal gun was a legal gun first . 
  this was the original comment . 
  they were legally owned by the military then stolen . 
  exactly as can happen with civilian owned weapons . 
   he was a lone lunatic who used ideology as an excuse he wanted to commit violence and used the ideology as a reason to commit said violence . 
  another person wanting to commit violence might join the military in the hopes of being sent to war to commit violence just as an example . 
  or a thug who wants to beat people up looking for gay/black etc to attack to satisfy that need . 
  i dont really agree with this either but its not impossible to imagine . 
  so they were bought legally by the military from a company that produces guns ... 
  20 % is very high , more than double that of countries with the best education systems in the world . 
  thats nearly 4 times that of britain . 
  it would just never happen . 
  littlefinger caused the death of ned stark . 
  the north remembers . 
  oh yeah of course . 
  it was no single thing that caused it , a better word would have been contributed . 
  one possible cause of the syrian civil war is climate change believe it or not . 
  syria has been exhibiting its hottest years and also a drought . 
   le pen has no chance of getting elected farage didnt need to be elected for brexit to happen . 
   do n't play nice with cheaters yet i dont see the same scathing vitriol for the other nations who did the same . 
  just oh we will solve the issue but britain fuck britain . 
  so cheating is fine as long as you are friends ? 
  was it being used to distribute some form of vpn or something ? 
  technically its not wrong , it was almost definitely `` ball ammunition '' aka [ fmj ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full_metal_jacket_bullet ) . 
  i had the weird situation of my dad speaking english to a belgian who then translated to another belgian in english because his scottish accent was hard for people to understand . 
  he realised how stupid it was because he was fluent in french which they all spoke . 
  in 100 years i could n't care ill be dead , trying to predict that far is pointless . 
  you mistake the us simply not wanting to be involved and for a resolution to be reached for the us supporting the invasion of a group of people who have democratically voted to be british . 
  britain will maintain above 2 % gdp military expenditure for the foreseeable future . 
  over well over 2x argentinas . 
  so unless gdp drastically increases faster than one of the largest economies in the world or they go north korea and ramps up expenditure higher than they can . 
  you 're advocating for a sea war against a country with a historically strong navy that just built/building two of the most advanced aircraft carriers ever made . 
  argentina are still using the same equipment they were using during the original war ... on the island we have typhoons , royal marines and the most advanced destroyers in the world near by along with subs the argentines know to fear . 
  britain also has the experience of nearly 20 years of war on the other side of the world since ... 
  if argentina could even take the islands they would never hold them and without removing the population and breaking the geneva convention the international community would never defend them . 
  with the population present they would be colonialists which the international community could also not defend . 
  britain is still part of nato . 
  just aim for the flemish part . 
  at least * some * input would be nice . 
  may has complete control basically . 
  oh we 've had the lesser of two evils for a while now . 
  only problem now is there 's just one choice and its a witch . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/may/10/g20-policing-agent-provacateurs in the past officers have organised riots and even fathered children with protesters undercover then abandoned them, 
  spent 8h hours a day inside a tornado jet intake sanding for repaint . 
  i 'm 6 ' 1 ... 
  fn2000 for the ugly factor, 
  `` what comes around goes around '' or `` we told you not to invade afghanistan '', 
  not to mention you could have been conscripted into the ss at the end of the war and be even younger . 
  i do n't think so much , technological progression is far , far faster during war time . 
  10 years of peacetime then could have brought about a year 's worth of war tech progress . 
  love the `` communism '' graffiti with the coke style . 
  which as far as i am concerned is just as much a crime . 
  and that 's where our opinions differ then , an attack is an attack , an evil government is an evil government . 
  i do n't believe war was the correct response . 
  there was plenty of warning about what the war would turn into even the russians warned of invading afghanistan . 
  we killed 100x as many civilians in afghanistan than died in 9/11 . 
  there were/are far worse governments than the taliban . 
  if they were so evil why not invade before ? 
  so it 's only an attack if people die or they are successful ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  al qaeda were stronger than ever following the invasion , it was literally their plan ... 
  i understand that reasoning but i do n't really agree with it . 
  the taliban asked for proof of osama bin ladens involvement the us refused claiming it was a delaying tactic . 
   the taliban declined to extradite him unless given evidence of his involvement in the september 11 attacks [ 48 ] and also declined demands to extradite others on the same grounds . 
  the request for evidence was dismissed by the u.s. as a delaying tactic , and on 7 october 2001 it launched operation enduring freedom from the wiki page for the war . 
  whether or not it happened i still do not believe that an entire country should be invaded ( one notoriously hard to hold ) because of the acts of criminals . 
  we invaded 22 days after the attacks , no diplomacy , exchanges , sanctions agreements just straight to full on invasion . 
  osama bin laden attacked the world trade centre only a few years earlier why did we not invade then ? 
  they died because britain sent them in response to the envoking of article 5 ( i 'm not blaming the us for their deaths ) for aid which you claimed the us would n't need . 
  i never said otherwise , your comment said they did n't need aid , yet they are literally the only country who has asked for said aid . 
   unless someone makes the suicidal decision to attack the us first . 
  even then , it would be down to the us to ask for nato aid , which they do n't exactly need . 
  hate to be a contrary when i agree with everything you said but article 5 has only ever been invoked once ... by the us . 
  nato accepted leading to the invasion of afghanistan and the death of 451 british troops . 
  humidity is the real multiplier , 46c in egypt no problem just do n't sit in direct sunlight or you will die . 
  30c in scotland and i * wish i would die * .
