  what a great way to discourage hiring , investment and wage cuts in a recession . 
  the minimum wage is such a terrible policy . 
  if you really do n't want a weak currency , leave the euro . 
  those sanctions have hurt france and europe and have clearly done little to reduce russian aggression , there 's a legitimate case for ending them . 
  sarkozy was not nearly right-wing enough . 
  he did n't reduce government spending and instead just left it while making significant tax cuts which blew up the french deficit and any kind of right-wing reforms ground to a halt once the financial crisis struck . 
  france desperately needs a radical right-wing politician that can confront vested interests , radically reform the labour code , sell off public assets and weaken rights for state employees . 
  i imagine many are like you but seriously , electing a centrist pro-european is not the way forward and will not quell a populist insurgency . 
  macron is as much of a populist in the way that he has hardly any actual written down policies , he 's said completely conflicting things on reform , on labour laws , on public spending to appeal to different people . 
  he 's just there to appeal to all the people that are disillusioned at the state of the french left andall the centrists that are disillusioned at a xenophobe and an economically far-right candidate winning . 
  it 's not grossly undervalued , it 's grossly undervalued * for germany * . 
  that much is obvious . 
  if you want the euro to work , you need some sort of massive redistribution of germany 's enormous and damaging trade surplus ( most of which is derived from the value of the euro ) to other poorer nations . 
  economists have been saying it for years . 
  the problem is , that 's politically impossible because germans ca n't seem to accept that euro benefits them enormously at the expense of poorer nations with weaker export bases . 
  ah the hero that is germany leading the ecb to adopt a tighter policy that suits germany but not the eu . 
  last time they did that , the ecb raised rates twice in 2010 and 2011 and it led to a sovereign debt crisis and inevitable dramatic loosening of policy including qe . 
  german politicians want tighter policy because they do n't like inflation in their own country ( because the german economy is stronger , inflation is much higher there than say , greece ) . 
  it 's a broken system . 
  so instead of electing the right-wing leader france desperately needs , they 're going to elect another muddly centrist that will try to appeal to everyone by saying nothing and making few actual substantive changes . 
  poor her !, 
  half her salary !, 
  how is any politician going to live on $ 7000 a month ? 
  there 's a difference between what would be good in theory and what would actually be beneficial for the eu given political realities . 
  the euro is a perfect example of people ignoring political realities ( rich countries in the eu can just compensate poorer ones to create a functioning currency area , right ? ) . 
  a military would be the same and would likely just lead to more hatred of the eu . 
  pro economist here , clearly, 
  utterly ignorant . 
  i ask you one question : what has caused the refugee crisis , or , at the very least , contributed to it ? 
  someone 's got their tinfoil hat on, 
  they are self induced but we ca n't do anything to stop them without stopping the terror attacks . 
  the media will always focus on a politically motivated terrorist attack more than anything else and people will always be irrationally scared despite the tiny risk for them . 
  i do n't understand it either but the number of people i 've heard about that have n't done things because of terrorism is crazy whether it 's going to france , going to a pride parade or whatever . 
  the only way of stopping this fear and far right parties taking advantage of it is to stop the terrorist attacks in the first place . 
  and hey , you 'll save a few lives while doing it . 
  because terrorist attacks are politically motivated . 
  whether it 's causing a massacre in a gay club , a black church , on bastille day or whatever . 
  you can complain about the media putting too much emphasis on terrorist attacks if you want , but that 's not going to change anything . 
  you 're not going to suppress far right parties if you keep letting them happen in the name of freedom . 
  the biggest hit to freedom comes from terrorist attacks , certainly not surveillance laws . 
  france 's state of emergency and growing unrest about religious freedom do not come out of nowhere . 
  and , when these terrorist attacks happen , they only make more more likely as it increases is 's reach and could increase their strength here in the west and in syria and iraq . 
  do you really think protecting your precious internet history from mass collection from the state in favour of mass killings and all the political , economic and social consequences that come with them is really worth it ? 
  yes they are ? 
  are you saying that privacy campaigners prefer value privacy over lives ? 
  if you literally mean the complete state ownership of capital then of course not . 
  france has never really had an atlee i agree , it 's not as bad as britain in the 60s and 70s , but it 's never had a thatcher either . 
  and , strong local government , strong unions and a strong french left have always resisted right-wing reform . 
  so now , you still have an insane 35 hour working week , enormously restrictive labour laws , mass state ownership of companies , lifetime jobs for civil servants , very high marginal income taxes , a wealth tax that does n't work , an overly generous unemployment benefit system , high corporation tax , a high payroll tax and overall just a very high tax burden . 
  and , consequently , a lagging economy and a devastatingly high unemployment rate . 
  or the failure of socialism in france . 
  that 's actually a good point . 
  the door has been wide open for anyone to buy any natural monopoly company in this country since 1979 . 
  it could allow for parliamentary scrutiny . 
  exactly . 
  eea membership would be inferior to eu membership in every way for us . 
  to be fair , this was known since june 24th . 
  anyone who seriously thought the uk would be able to get concessions on free movement while staying in the single market are out of their minds . 
  and , an eea type agreement with virtually no change is very clearly not even remotely politically possible and the eu likely would n't have even wanted that . 
   `` and you can be sure we will do whatever we have to do . 
  the british people are not going to lie down and say , too bad , we 've been wounded . 
  we will change our model , and we will come back , and we will be competitively engaged . '' will we ? 
  given that this vote was won on the backs of the working class and osborne 's cuts around 2011-12 were hugely unpopular do you seriously think that the british public is just going to accept this ? 
  the abandonment of its social services in favour of a unbelievably unequal , divided economy as a home for companies to systemically avoid taxes from other nations which just has the toxic effect of worsening inequality everywhere and requiring governments to get more money out of the poor and middle classes ? 
  since we have no opposition , the ultra libertarians of the tory party are going to have the sole say over brexit , and that is terrifying . 
   `` in essence what stiglitz is saying that the cap on deficit spending was n't enough to prevent the debt crisis in spain and ireland , where sovereign debts rose due to problems in the real estate and banking sector . 
   if we follow that logic , then the `` design fault of the euro '' is that it can not control a real estate bubble or banking problems in the us , which triggered the financial crisis '' no it 's not at all , it 's that if those problems happen , their consequences are far worse for those over indebted euro countries . 
  without the euro , sure , europe probably would n't have been able to avoid a recession in 2008 but a sovereign debt crisis ? 
  caused in large part by the ecb acting in germany 's interests by being terrified of inflation and being far too slow to initiate asset purchases ? 
  and , the euro of course strengthening the bond markets of poorer euro countries like greece , italy , spain and ireland pre-2008 allowing them to borrow too much in the first place ? 
  if we assume recessions are inevitable and there 's a lot of evidence to suggest they are , then the effectiveness of a system to minimise the damage is just as , if not more important , than preventing them from happening . 
  you ca n't rely on the us or china to not have downturns . 
   `` instead of preventing such problems in the future , stiglitz wants monetary transfers to indebted countries so they can go on spending instead of limiting deficit spending and instead of implementing structural reforms . 
   sounds like stiglitz wants europe to follow the venezuelan model . '', 
  that 's like saying loosening monetary policy is the venezuelan model . 
  structural reforms are totally necessary in a lot of european countries for sure but they are simply not a solution to a demand-side recession in the short or even medium term . 
  in a recession where credit conditions have tightened up and consumers and businesses are saving or cutting spending including workers a supply-side reform will do basically nothing to help in the short run . 
  and , in 2008 or 2011 's case when certain euro countries are constrained by overly tight ecb monetary policy or forced austerity measures , that just makes the problem even worse . 
  european subsidies are ridiculously poorly designed with them being based on land ownership and not agricultural production . 
  ` farmers ' only need to use 5 % of their land and grow 3 different crops to apply which does n't make any sense . 
  this makes them highly regressive with much of the money going to wealthy landowners , not poor old farmers . 
  those countries are not ` going rogue ' on immigration , they are only implementing passport checks and not accepting refugees . 
  that goes against the schengen agreement which the uk is not a part of and we 've hardly taken any refugees . 
  it 's legal european citizens mainly eastern europeans coming in their millions that has angered the british public . 
  well , look on the bright side - at least it 's not 2030 yet . 
  our entire agriculture , trade , immigration and antitrust policies ? 
  i 'm a massive remainer but you ca n't say that the eu does n't take away some degree of sovereignty from its members ' governments . 
  i 'm definitely no fan of lord king but pretty much the entire economics community has been saying for years now that the euro is massively flawed and european politicians still do n't listen . 
  there 's heaps and heaps of evidence that is desperately needs reform to stop european stagnation in the eu 's poorest countries yet , for some reason , the eu refuses to listen . 
  feel sorry for those speech writers that have to come up with more or less the same meaningless garbage every year, 
  australia and new zealand are fine, 
  that sounds a little paraphrased to me, 
  the total area of the 48 is around 3.12 million sq miles whereas the area of all 50 is around 3.8 million . 
  do the maths . 
  if you do n't have a way to punish the people responsible , do n't punish anyone . 
  not being ` politically feasible ' is not an excuse . 
  currently , the eu 's policy does n't even remotely achieve what it sets out to do . 
  cutting greece 's spending more and more while hiking taxes justs worsens economic growth , worsening tax receipts meaning they need another bailout . 
  the only way to stop greece needing money all the time is to give it sufficient money so it can actually breath and grow . 
  if that is n't ` politically possible ' then the eurozone is truly destined for collapse because a monetary union requires support given from richer nations to poorer , struggling ones .
