  be skeptical , please . 
  this dramatically under estimates the cost of the state pension and over estimates welfare on purpose for political gain . 
  unbelievable . 
  is france even trying to reform it 's disastrous labour laws ? 
  politically , he 's handling this very , very well . 
  everyone seems to love a war hero after a tragic event . 
  but plenty do receive them and for those that do , even with the minimum wage increase , they 're thousands of pounds worse off . 
  they should n't be on russia . 
  it 's only meant that its economy is now in the trash , support for putin is at a high , the wages of millions of russians are being squeezed and yet more is being spent on the russian military . 
  it 's an excuse for the us to look powerful and obama to win votes . 
  russia should n't be the enemy , but the us wants it to be . 
  serbia is n't in the eu so you 'd have to spend a whole lot more on tuition than if you were an eu citizen . 
  i do n't know much about mainland europe unis but the uk has some very good universities in those subjects ( maybe i 'm a little bit biased ) . 
  that 's also double the cost of the savings the government makes in cutting tax credits for millions across the country . 
  yes , it 's called nato . 
  they are used to create needless tensions between countries when we should be co-operating . 
  we should be creating closer ties with russia , not putting devastating economic sanctions on them that breeds extremism and hatred . 
  we should be campaigning for a global nuclear disarmament program as there is no situation in which they would be used in this globalised , mostly peaceful world . 
  the uk should lead it . 
  would you buy insurance again if your parents already pay for it and would end humanity if you use it ? 
  duty to who ? 
  our partners who you just said we ca n't rely on ? 
  what good does it do for us to have them ? 
  russia already knows it 's going to get bombed the shit out of if it does attack the uk and essentially end the human race whether it has nuclear weapons or not . 
  it is a huge waste of money . 
  there will never , ever be a situation in which they would be used . 
  again , we have the us and france as partners , there 's no reason why we need our own . 
  no , we do because we actually use them . 
  having 4 nuclear submarines doing absolutely nothing for 30 years is utterly pointless when we 're in nato . 
  only # 8bn a year !, 
  that 's # 133 for every man , woman and child in the country . 
  think about how much good that could do . 
  i 've never known anyone so desperate to be able to access my dick pics before, 
  nothing like the ignorance of nationalism . 
  i 'd like to see the look on sturgeon 's face the day her country becomes independent and she 's got the biggest government deficit of any country in europe and a hugely socialist electorate that demand extra spending . 
  those two are n't interchangeable . 
  you do n't have to stagnate western worker 's wages to benefit third world countries . 
  what globalisation instead did was cause a global labour supply glut allowing the very wealthiest to increase their wealth massively while the western middle class suffered with meagre wage rises . 
  this man wants to make labour cheaper still in the west so the richest can benefit the most . 
  simple . 
  also , why does this website have random stats on britain and france on the side ? 
  you 'd have tens of millions of vehicles not designed for right-hand drive . 
  what are you going to do with them ? 
  is there actually any chance of this ever happening in the near future ? 
  i just ca n't imagine a union of so many different countries , cultures , languages , people , views , religions etc coming together in what would essentially be the same country . 
  again , that is the idealistic view of capitalism which is simply not true . 
  money is ridiculously cheap and stock markets are booming so surely competition should be everywhere and profits should be getting pushed down more than ever ? 
  corporate profits are instead at all-time highs because there are no companies rushing to new markets to create competition , there are instead corporations acquiring their smaller competitors to boost revenue and profits to then simply return the money to investors through share buybacks and dividends . 
  this causes more investment to go into the largest companies to boost their efficiency which prices out any competitors whilst still raking in huge profit margins . 
  the richest are far from the most efficient . 
  they just happen to have more money than everyone else so find it much easier to get more money . 
  not by being efficient but by moving money around . 
  this ` true capitalist environment ' is pure fantasy . 
  capitalism also breeds monopolies and corporatism . 
  the biggest corporations nearly always wins in the long term due to economies of scale . 
  there are 4 nato members that actually reach the 2 % target and iceland does n't even have an armed forces but is still a member . 
  that really is n't a valid argument against joining . 
  sweden is n't a part of nato ? 
  i 'm hardly a conservative , but sweden 's party in power right now sounds like a bunch of loonies . 
  jesus , not everyone is born equal . 
  how they arrived there is often not because of their own actions . 
  if you want equality of opportunity , leaving them on the scrapheap for being born out of sheer coincidence worse off than someone else in some way is not the way to do it . 
  some need help , so they should get government assistance . 
  it 's most certainly punishing some people to force them to work . 
  so we should punish all the rest that end up at the bottom of society too should we ? 
  the ones that had shitty upbringings , the ones that are mentally or physically ill , the ones that are disabled , the victims of crime etc ? 
  you probably have some ethical stance on how all earned money is yours but , taxing a rich person a slightly higher rate wo n't make much of a difference to their life but taxing a poorer person the same rate will give them a significantly worse standard of living . 
  how is that fair ? 
  should we be putting the cost of government more in the hands of those that can afford it or spreading it equally over everyone ? 
  a fair tax system has its benefits too : widespread inequality is bad for the economy as a whole by limiting growth and demand and it hugely benefits the lifes of the rest of society through government spending . 
  one of the main points of the tax system is to redistribute income . 
  they earned that money sure , but why should they be able to get a huge amount of money that they simply do n't need without a significant tax taken off it to actually benefit the rest of society ? 
  money is n't earned from thin air , it comes from others in society . 
  that 's the nature of capitalism , it funnels money to the richest . 
  you need a fair tax system to help redistribute income somewhat for the benefit of all . 
  is a ~ 45 % tax rate on income over an amount that they certainly do n't need being ` shat on ' ? 
  theresa may pointing out the obvious, 
  very far into the past ? 
  what i would find in the data in the past is southern countries borrowing far too much as they have access to a much bigger pool of euro debt markets . 
  that 's what caused the problem in the first place . 
  they were growing and prospering before 2008 , but it was totally unsustainable . 
  and how the hell is a currency an arbitrary value ? 
  it 's the opposite of arbitrary . 
  the reason countries could make those poor choices is because of the euro and access to euro bond markets . 
  that 's basically governments ' instincts : borrow as much as possible at a relatively low interest rate in order to win re-election . 
  if they were n't a part of the euro that would n't have happened . 
  and , even after they make those bad choices and it all came crumbling down , the countries got no economic support from their currency as it was overvalued relative to their performance and the bloc 's monetary policy was far too tight for those countries ( when the ecb famously and disastrously raised interest rates twice in 2011 ) . 
  and it 's all going to happen again but likely worse when the next crash comes because people still have some blind faith that the euro could sustainably work in its current form . 
  read the article , or even just the subtitle before you make another cheap shot at the uk  `` by creating a single currency without the institutions to sustain it , the e.u. 
  wound up with low growth , high unemployment , and popular disaffection . '', 
  we have the institutions to sustain a currency and a relatively effective currency area . 
  meanwhile , the euro has left a terrifying number of southern europe 's youth unemployed and substantially poorer . 
  where the hell is this money coming from ? 
  thin air ? 
  we 've already had big tax cuts since 2010 and what we have to show for it is a massive deficit , a crumbling healthcare system and collapsing social care and local government . 
  the tories call labour irresponsible when these 6 years of the tories have been the most fiscally irresponsible years in british history . 
  i do n't even know . 
  i have n't heard anything said about gmos in years , especially in politics . 
  the green party is probably against them but i do n't know the stances of the main parties . 
  i do n't think it 's very strong though .
