  i think it 'll be far more likely to get all nations to agree to extend negotiations than reach an agreement in just the 2 years that article 50 suggests . 
  perks could be necessary because both scotland 's and ireland 's economies are so reliant on the uk 's . 
  if the uk did n't have full single market access ( which looks unlikely ) both ireland and especially and independent scotland would suffer enormously . 
  literally no one said it would , not even the leave campaigners . 
  i 'm fact , they were saying the opposite . 
  loads of turks openly support him . 
  the trending topic on turkish twitter right now is ' i want death penalty ' which erdogan 's party said they 'd introduce , for example and he was obviously elected in the first place . 
  it 's easy to live a secular liberal western bubble where the thought of anyone supporting dictatorship and a religious state is unthinkable but history shows again and again that people are easily manipulated and support what may be bad for their country or their freedom . 
  why do n't we just live in a police state where all religious freedom is banned and instead openly encourage religious discrimination ? 
  because that 's more or less what you 're suggesting . 
  he may have been raised a catholic , but he obviously converted to islam or else he would n't have joined daesh in the first place . 
   `` my god ... why are you even posting if you have no clue what you are talking about '' what a statement to make . 
  insulting someone never wins a debate . 
   `` the eu is already trading with the us and for instance china . 
  the only difference is that they are trading as an union . 
  nothing non-international about it other than that the countries work together within the eu to trade with others outside of it , which gives the eu economic prowess . '', 
  of course they still trade with these countries but they do not have free trade agreements with these countries , they just follow wto rules which is not working together at all and hardly desirable . 
  attempts at actual free trade agreements like ttip and ceta have or are close to failing , which seems non-international to me . 
   `` the eu does n't need nafta because they make deals without it with other countries not beloning to the eu . 
  for instance the eea , which the uk desperately hopes to join once they are out of the eu . 
  which by the way is basically a worse eu membership ( almost the same restrictions and fees as being in the eu without having any say in the eu ) . 
  the eea has 3 members whose gdp is a fraction of nafta 's ( ~ $ 550bn compared to ~ $ 20trn ) . 
  the biggest economy the eu has a trade agreement outside the eu in place with is south korea whose gdp is about $ 1.3 trn . 
  that 's hardly very successful at forming trade agreements with countries is it ? 
   `` germany ca n't refuse or grant any trade deals as a single entity since they are member of the eu . ', 
  but they have enormous power within the eu and in post-brexit negotiations and yet they still are against it . 
  but merkel is still against one with the uk and given how much power and influence germany has in a post-brexit eu , her opinion makes a massive difference . 
  it 's quite ironic that people are viewing the brexit vote as anti-globalisation when now , the uk looks far more likely to ratify a trade agreement with the us and canada , today osborne was talking about [ trying to join nafta ] ( https://twitter.com/george_osborne/status/752358230785941504 ) , for example that i highly doubt the eu would ever agree to . 
  and , even germany refuses to grant us a free trade agreement despite having a $ 50bn trade surplus with us and germany 's economy being twice as reliant on exports as ours . 
  it 's madness . 
  whose really anti-globalisation now ? 
  fun fact : if hillary clinton is elected in november , half of the 6 largest economies in the world will have a woman as leader for the first time ever . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/cameron-free-movement-in-eu-needs-to-be-less-free/ ) and [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/02/angela-merkel-warns-david-cameron-german-chancellor-uk-prime-minister-unskilled-migrants ), 
  cameron changed what he wanted once he realised that things like a change to free movement was not on the table . 
  the eurozone has had those problems for years , brexit is the reason for the * cut * in the outlook . 
   `` it 's a shame we did n't have people like this on bbcqt before the referendum . '', 
  someone actually knowledgeable and not just a foghorn for party policy on bbcqt ? 
  like that 's ever going to happen . 
  there is essentially no chance of eu nationals being thrown out of the uk , even theresa may is not like donald trump or ukip . 
  abandoning a budget surplus target was inevitable anyway , we have a government that loves tax cuts way too much for a surplus to have ever happened by 2020 , brexit was just a good excuse . 
  the # 350 million is n't going to the nhs as that was n't a government promise , but , all the money we got from the eu was a fraction of what we contribute , that 's just a fact . 
  even though things like the cap are a huge regressive waste of money that i hope will be reformed . 
  corporation tax is just an indirect tax on citizens , nothing more . 
  and the market will do this , government intervention is not required . 
  he 's not antisemitic ? 
  give me one example of him saying something that can be inferred as antisemitic . 
  it 's only labour mps . 
  the majority of his party is not muslim and not all muslims are anti-semitic . 
  -_- he 's not antisemitic and muslims do n't make up very much of the population . 
  it is like a library where no one likes the books or building and it does n't need to exist . 
  it 's very similar to a bernie situation . 
  they think he 's a bad leader with no leadership qualities , unelectable policies and that he does n't agree with what the labour party stands for on many issues ( such as the eu , where his campaign was mediocre at best and he 's clearly unenthusiastic about ) . 
  they are undermining their supporters , but , i think , corbyn and the labour party 's membership is undermining the labour party itself more . 
  the labour party only has half a million members , they 're more likely to be richer , better educated and more politically active so their views differ from the wider views of tens of millions of labour voters . 
  they 'd do better with a more charismatic and less extreme leader i believe . 
  but , by the way , i think it 's highly unlikely they 'll be another election until 2020 , given the five year parliaments act which makes it impossible without that being repealed . 
  it really is n't an economic boom . 
  less tourists went to london in the summer of 2012 than in 2011 , for example . 
  and the costs of just running it and maintaining it are still huge . 
   `` london 's about to go down , free scotland '' london is n't about to go down , scotland is . 
  scotland exports 4x more to the rest of the uk and has a government deficit of almost 10 % of gdp . 
  if it lost single market access to the uk in the eu , it would suffer a huge economic crisis . 
  * sigh * a common immigration , tax , welfare and foreign policy ?!, 
  would n't that be popular !, 
  it 's not like we 've had a complete collapse in popularity of eu level policy with more and more people wanting to leave or at least take back more power making federalisation impossible . 
  also , listen to what the eu is doing . 
  they 're punishing the uk with likely a bad or no free trade deal at all outside the eu even though it 's been proven a million times that free trade is mutually beneficial to both parties , so , european politicians are so desperate to keep this flawed and failed political union alive , they 're willing to make every one of their citizens worse off just to keep it alive . 
  the people of europe do n't want a political union or federalisation , but the politicians in brussels force it by punishing anyone that votes against it . 
  how democratic . 
  i wonder why this institution is hated so much ? 
  it 's nice to think that , but i do n't we 're going to lose 75 % of our national income over the next few years so we have the same gdp per capita as romania ... 
  why not ? 
  you do n't lose anything from it, 
  i applied about a week ago . 
  do n't worry , i 'm never going to live in ireland , i just want european citizenship pls, 
  yes but it 's not going to, 
  look on the bright side , at least , in a couple of years we 'll never have to click the ` allow cookies ' button on every single website, 
  the united kingdom , folks . 
  we 're at a point where are politics is so toxic , our policies so harmful , our instincts so nationalist and our politicians so ignorant that we 're voting to leave the biggest economy in the world , essentially guaranteeing that scotland leaves us and entering into a period of massive economic and political uncertainty that will make us poorer and will very likely just quicken the far-right surge across the west . 
  i ca n't believe this is happening . 
  very possibly ... 
  there 's nothing legally binding in uk referendums but it would political suicide to not leave now . 
  i 'm scared . 
   `` it clear that the government is not able to '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate, 
  got ta get over the channel . 
  in the us , it is leading to coal plants to be closed and replaced with gas ones which are far , far better for the environment . 
  do you not think the eu should do something about its growing unpopularity instead of sitting around doing nothing as countries leave ? 
  it 's pretty tragic that we might leave the eu based off lies , blind nationalism and voter 's distrust of the ` establishment ' . 
   `` labour leaders , in a sign of desperation on the issue , changed their policy on free movement on tuesday , 24 hours after the former shadow chancellor ed balls said the party needed to support controls on economic migration '' what the hell is labour doing ? 
  this is a party that 's , in recent history , always been internationalist and pro-immigration but now it 's suddenly turned to the leave campaign 's position on perhaps the biggest issue ? 
  if we leave , i 'm blaming labour and corbyn for not only making the party far less relevant , but also for their terrible campaign that has focused on what 's wrong with the eu instead of delivering a coherent pro eu message . 
  i think it 's a combination of factors . 
  our culture is much closer to that of america 's than europe 's for a start . 
  very little of our media is european , most of our music , tv and film is all usually british or american . 
  much of people 's lives simply are n't influenced by european countries at all in the non-political sense . 
  politically i think nationalism is still rather strong , especially among the older generation - very few considers themselves to be ` european ' it 's always ` british ' or ` english ' and europe is almost always referred to as a place as if we 're not a part of - whether that 's because of the empire or not , i do n't know . 
  also , our political beliefs differ from much of europe . 
  we 're an anglo-saxon country that 's somewhat hostile to government intervention and values personal freedom and democracy , if that intervention is being done by a foreign body like the eu , that hostility is obviously a lot greater . 
  yeah , i agree , but we 've never really been too keen on endless european integration .
