  it 's not hard . 
  and we still vote for more of it . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/tax/capital-gains/new-tax-year-2016-capital-gains-tax-cut-explained/ http://news.sky.com/story/tories-set-to-cut-inheritance-tax-in-budget-10353741 http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2012/03/27/osborne-45-50-treasury-budget_n_1382451.html http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36488254 https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/apr/01/every-welfare-cut-listed i love this country . 
   `` in other words , such a beggar-thy-neighbour process can only and invariably intensify the economic war of all against all within the union . '', 
  i find it ridiculously ironic that they mention beggar-thy-neighbour in the context of a post-euro europe . 
  have you been blind to the depression southern europe 's in ? 
  do you not think that a competitive devaluation would benefit them ? 
  northern europe would remain much wealthier because it has much better human and physical capital and so higher productivity . 
  that 's not going to change , but , free floating currencies would allow countries to correct . 
  southern europe needs all the help it can get right now but northern europe is in fact hurting it through the euro , ecb policy and devastating bailout terms . 
  that 's beggar-thy-neighbour by definition . 
  a break-up of the euro will not end the european project , it will save it . 
  still , at least they 're not changing the time twice a year . 
  a slightly wrong geographical time zone is better than being in two different timezones at different times of year . 
  nice one northern cyprus . 
  it 's well overdue that we all scrapped daylight saving time . 
  tax avoidance by big companies is one of the most anti-market things there is and yet the ` adam smith institute ' still seems to bloody oppose cracking down on it . 
  this article seems to assume that every government * wants * to design a better tax system and crack down on tax avoidance . 
  haha it 's fine, 
   `` lustre has come off the routing . '', 
  what does that even mean . . ? 
  i like good audio so i 've spent over # 300 on headphones and about # 100 on earphones . 
  i 'm not buying a phone that do n't work with them . 
  yep . 
  removing the headphone jack will really cause iphone sales to collapse , i certainly wo n't be buying one without it . 
  apple has really passed its best . 
  all that $ 178bn was not earned in the eu so not all of it is taxed i believe . 
  plus , the irish corporate tax rate is only 12.5 % . 
  ah , i do n't blame you . 
  who would n't want to get out of there . 
  are you from glasgow ? 
  or inverness ? 
  they 're shitholes . 
  the uk has many shitholes , but there 's some really nice places too in my opinion anyway . 
  fair enough . 
  what do you find about the uk that 's so depressing ? 
  what about brexit has made your life so depressing and make you want to move to sweden ? 
  it 's very likely that any uk citizens resident in the eu will get to stay there and vice versa in the uk . 
   ` oh wait , but my friend is actually a modern specialised economy and we would really benefit from continued trade with him ' - what the reaction should be . 
  this is really hard to simplify . 
  but , if the german government started spending more money it would push up demand for goods and services in germany while also pushing up inflation and growth . 
  more demand from germany would reduce its trade surplus and increase demand for exports from other ( struggling ) european countries , which would benefit them . 
  higher inflation in germany would also have a similar effect ( by making european goods seem cheaper ) . 
  this is especially justified because germany benefits immensely from a weak euro so its trade surplus is bigger than it would be if it had its own currency whereas the opposite it true for poorer countries using the euro . 
  does that make any sense ? 
  [ no pre-industrial country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_regions_by_past_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita ) was anywhere near as wealthy as industrial ones , which britain was the first ( along with the netherlands ) . 
  apple is in the pockets of the us government and the us government is in the eu 's . 
  spain 's been growing a hell of a lot faster than your beloved us this year . 
  do you not think it 's a case of government overreach ? 
  why should the government decide what we 're allowed to wear ? 
  this will not reduce crime or terrorism or whatever , this will just disillusion french muslims and throw out the most basic right in the european convention of human rights : freedom of expression . 
  should we ban balaclavas too ? 
  are n't members of the efta like norway technically members of two ? 
  ehh to be fair i think this was bound to happen . 
  my country has got way too many racist idiots . 
  because freedom of expression . 
  how has this got anything to do with public safety ? 
   `` well he insulted women with babies in public spaces yesterday and that is not such a big deal . '', 
  he insulted one woman with a baby which was more of a joke than anything . 
  and it was covered anyway but compared to all the other shit that trump is spewing , it 's hardly a groundbreaking story . 
   `` yes that 's what i mean , the lgbt group has a very large support beyond their own group , partly because of how they lobby themselves presumably . '', 
  how they lobby themselves is as a repressed innocent minority group , which is what they are . 
  you 're acting as if this support is a bad thing . 
  it was 49 innocent gay people that were targeted in orlando . 
  and if you 're gay , you 're far more likely to suffer from mental health problems , drop out of high school or university and suffer from abuse or attacks because of your sexuality . 
  it 's this lobbying that has stopped gay people getting arrested , stopped forced therapy , made discrimination illegal in many countries , allowed more gay people to marry and changed the views of millions . 
  how is that a bad thing ? 
   `` but as far as i 'm concerned there are more christians that are critical/sceptical of gay marriage than gay people that want to get married . 
  except gays take the moral high ground . '', 
  listen to yourself . 
  if there were more people , say , that did n't agree with mixed race marriages between a black person and a white person than couples that actually wanted to take part in one , should we have kept it illegal ? 
  there may be more christians that disagree and i understand their viewpoint , but , we live in a free society and gay marriage did not negatively affect the lives of any of those christians . 
  christians no longer have a monopoly on marriage . 
  lgbt people make up about 5 % of the population and the republicans got just 22 % of their vote in 2012 . 
  given that the younger generation is also far more accepting of lgbt people , the terrible gay vote should be a serious concern of the party ( and most right wing parties in general ) . 
  politicians do n't say anything against gays because it would lose them voters . 
  simple as that . 
  just like how they do n't say anything openly sexist or racist . 
  and anyway , what have gays done to you ? 
  what is there to say against them ? 
  inflation went over 5 % post recession . 
  this is mostly down to the massive devaluation of the pound in 2008 causing inflation to jump and it has n't recovered since . 
  he was 18 and had a job , had no idea how he got the connection though . 
  how the hell did he get hold of a gun ? 
  it 's almost impossible to get hold of a gun in my country for anyone , let alone an 18 year old , i ca n't imagine germany 's much different . 
  it 's funny seeing the labour party act like it will be in power anytime soon ... 
  it 'll be interesting seeing the different attitudes of different european leaders across europe in the negotiations . 
  still a part of the eu so i guess i can contribute  1 . 
  absolutely not . 
  no way . 
  yes . 
  does n't apply . 
  you americans love your military and hate paying taxes way too much for your government to spend it on anything else . 
   but britain will still outstrip germany , france and italy not saying much, 
  i 'm sure that 's what many muslims think , but , from my own experience , it 's still incredibly common to hear abuse and the vast majority of the time , it 's from non-muslims . 
   hates homosexuals that 's really not an extreme view even today ( and in one of the best countries in the world for gay rights ) sadly enough . 
  i see homophobia like every week , and it 's rarely from muslims . 
  they ca n't seriously think we 're still going to leave in just 2 years can they ? 
  getting all 27 nations to agree on an incredibly intricate trade deal as well as some agreement on the status of eu citizens , the uk-ireland border , the status of scotland and sorting through and putting in place thousands of eu regulations will take at least half a decade . 
  for example the ceta agreement with canada which is just a trade deal has been going on for * 7 years * and it has n't ( and might not ) even been ratified yet by national parliaments .
