  my personal view is that the fear of gmos is mostly scaremongering . 
  gmos have made america 's agricultural sector substantially more efficient than the eu 's and therefore , food is cheaper over there . 
  food is artificially inflated in price because of european 's irrational fear of anything to do with corporations . 
  innovation is almost impossible to accurately measure as its mainly subjective , using patent applications is n't any better . 
  i mean , the uk may be behind on patent applications , but its way ahead on [ number of start ups ] ( http://www.startupranking.com/countries ) . 
  look , the idea that any economy has to have a thriving manufacturing sector to survive is idiotic . 
  the south east of england is one of the [ wealthiest and most productive ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/employmentandlabourmarket/peopleinwork/labourproductivity/articles/subregionalproductivity/march2016 ) regions in europe but it also has the biggest trade deficit and the second weakest manufacturing sectors as a percentage of its economy . 
  manufacturing does not make a country wealthy , especially these days as service sectors are more productive and expensive and so produce more wealth for a country than manufacturing . 
  the south east of england also has a higher productivity of germany and has the financial and tech hub of europe . 
  now , even after brexit , the south east will still have some of the best human and physical capital in the world so that wo n't change massively . 
  it 's the rest of the uk that makes us look unproductive , and that is where the problem lies . 
  i really do n't understand why they did n't say things like this before the referendum ... 
  you ca n't ` tie ' a free floating currency ( for which all major currencies are for various reason i wo n't get into here ) to another currency without the central bank selling foreign exchange reserves ( basically the central bank buying pounds and selling other currencies it has acquired ) . 
  the boe wo n't do that because : 1 . 
  the falling pound is good for the uk 's economy in the short term and acts as looser monetary policy . 
  they do n't have much foreign exchange reserves . 
  trust me , 450 million people losing single market access to a $ 2 trillion economy is a lot better than 60 million losing single market access to a $ 15 trillion economy . 
  parties can say they represent anyone , but no party can defy economic reality . 
  scotland has a deficit of over 10 % of gdp , more than double the uk . 
  given that scotland would already be significantly indebted as it will owe a share of the national debt to the uk government after independence , there would need to substantial cuts to government spending or tax rises , which will fall on everyone , including the working class . 
  not to mention by the way , if scotland somehow manages to join the eu once it leaves and the uk leaves the single market , it will be devastating for scotland 's exporters who export more than 3x more to the rest of the uk than they do to the eu . 
  independence for scotland would undoubtedly be a bigger shot in the foot for scotland than the leave vote was for the uk . 
  and there is little to no sign that the oil price is ever going to rise to the level it was once at a couple of years back, 
   `` i 'm not saying there 's a problem with the beliefs of 3 million people . 
  i 'm saying there 's a problem with t he idea complex which is called islam . 
  not every muslim believes in every idea in this idea complex '' that 's not what hollande said . 
  and it 's not even close to 30 % . 
  sure , muslims are , on average , much more conservative than the general population , but that does n't make the vast majority of them salafis . 
  i 'd like to see some actual evidence for that . 
  and they might take a few verses literally but they also go against many other verses that promote peace and condemn murder . 
  that 's not taken it literally , that 's distorting the true message of islam . 
  in western society , legally , yes they can . 
  you simply do n't address ` toxic ' developments in a country by saying you have a problem with the beliefs of 3 million people living in france , the vast majority of whom are completely innocent - you make reforms to education to promote western ideals . 
  hollande is simply doing this for idiotic political reasons . 
  and i simply do n't accept that it 's islam ` radicalising their minds ' , it 's extremist groups that distort the islamic religion into utter extremism which is only helped by leaders unjustifiably condoning the entire religion is when such a small minority is the actual problem . 
  saying things like this is dangerous and could end up with people getting killed . 
  no , but france has to adhere to the eu declaration of human rights . 
  what a great way to prevent terrorism and radicalisation : suggest that france is at war with islam , brilliant . 
  even if hollande personally has a problem with islam it 's none of his business , freedom of religion and expression are massively important and hollande seems to ignoring them by suggesting ridiculous anti-muslim laws on clothing . 
  bring on the down votes, 
  we 're leaving the eu because the people voted for it , completely ignorant of the true economic consequences . 
  since politicians have little option but to leave at this point , staying in the single market is the next best option . 
  we 'll be an emerging market soon if may , fox and davis get their way . 
  she should put the economic interests of the country ahead of political interests and stay in the single market . 
   `` tough talk on brexit '' in which may acts like she 's the dominant one and the leader in all of this when , in reality , she 's incredibly outnumbered with all the odds stacked against her and she 'll come out with a truly terrible deal but make out like it 's a successful one . 
  never has politics in my country been so out of touch with reality ( in both parties ) . 
   `` dexit '' oh , please , kindly fuck off . 
  brexit is bad enough . 
  it was n't a jobless recovery at all , it was a wage stagnation recovery , where median incomes stagnate or fall . 
  countries that did have a ` jobless recovery ' had one because of governments whether it was them defaulting or keeping ridiculously strict labour laws that lock people out of the labour market . 
  it certainly was n't one for germany . 
  basic trade theory in economics suggests that free trade is always beneficial to both parties overall as the country that is most efficient at producing a certain good specialises in that good , therefore increasing productivity for the whole economy which is what makes us all wealthier . 
  what ? 
  but after reading / r/europe i thought brexit was going to be this massive revival for the european economy after they slap tariffs on all our goods ?!? 
  oh wait , that 's not how trade theory works . 
  juncker has little power over actual genuine fiscal investment across europe as he 's not a leader of a country . 
  germany 's still maintaining its idiotic ideas about debt and their deficit , italy and france are unable to make structural reforms of any kind and so suffer from endless stagnation and high unemployment , greece is stuck in deep depression thanks to germany and the european commission , that same european commission is still fining countries like spain and portugal for running deficits even though it 's those deficits that 's finally bringing some of europe out of an economic crisis and the north-south and west-east divide is hardly closing and in many years , widening which is not what the euro or the eu was supposed to do at all . 
  i would call for an end to the euro or at least a split of it or , even better , a forced exit to all countries that maintain substantial trade surpluses over years ( like germany ) . 
  but , it wo n't happen and europe ( especially poorer countries ) will pay heavily when the next economic crisis hits which is unlikely to be more than a couple of years away in which i really , really do n't see the euro surviving . 
  what the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  i could criticise romania based on a hundred different negative stereotypes too , but i wo n't , because i 'm not an idiot and i 've never been there . 
  which is n't going to happen . 
  the ecb needs to get realistic and call for an end to the euro in its current form . 
  there is literally zero point in dreaming about this . 
  do yourself a favour and stop buying lottery tickets and instead try and work to get rich . 
  that 's far more likely to work . 
  he does n't deserve it because he does n't need it . 
  a subsidy is a hand out from the government , why should rich people ever get them ? 
  although farmers have to abide by certain laws for what they grow etc , the subsidies are not based one bit on actual production . 
  if you have a farm that produces 1 million eggs in the same space and the other than produces half that , they get the same amount of money . 
  therefore , farmers have a reduced incentive to increase production which is what the whole point of subsidies should be in the first place . 
  therefore it is not a farm subsidy at all , it is a landowning subsidy with no cap on the maximum you can receive , in other words , a transfer to the rich . 
  it 's absolutely insane , regressive and a complete waste of money and is only used by politicians to get the rural vote . 
  but it 's french election season , anything 's possible !, 
  * continent, 
  no one knows what is going to happen . 
  that 's why there are so many opinions about it . 
  and what is that reason ? 
  i really hate the idea that the world economy is just one pie that people have to fight over who gets what . 
  if the uk suffers , the world economy - especially our biggest trading partners - suffers . 
  the german government does not ever need to pay it back . 
  they can borrow money for 10 years at a 0.03 % interest rate today , that 's destined to be less than inflation so they can basically get money for free as the real interest rate is negative . 
  borrowing money has the potential to raise output and lead to a return on investment meaning that it actually gains the german government money in the long run . 
  the german government is not a household or a business . 
  but , most importantly , germany benefits enormously from the euro as it 's much weaker than it would be if germany has its own currency . 
  this inflates the german trade surplus , therefore boosting their gdp and since that surplus has to be ` paid ' for by a deficit in other countries like in southern europe , that hits their gdp ( as their deficits are inflated by the euro too as their exports are less competitive than they otherwise would be ) . 
  germany should have a duty to borrow money to increase imports and therefore help southern european economies . 
  it is the only way the euro can work . 
  germany 's instead doing the opposite which is insane . 
  you pay to sustain a functioning society and for the care of others who earn less than you . 
  it is in capitalism 's nature to create massive inequalities between rich and poor , the government is there to give the poorest healthcare , education etc which helps everyone in the long run through better jobs , a better workforce etc that would not happen if it was not for taxes . 
  these people can not afford it so they can not be charged the full cost through taxes . 
  for rich people though , that earn far beyond what they need to live or afford education or healthcare on their own , why is n't it fair to take a portion of their income and use it to supply services to and help the poorest in society ? 
  if we all had the attitude of only wanting to pay for the services and infrastructure we use , you 'd have poor illiterate people dying on the streets and probably a political uprising . 
  taxation is not punishment . 
  it 's not okay to cut taxes for the wealthiest while cutting support for the poorest . 
  the uk is still a lot wealthier than greece . 
  oh , and greece ca n't join sterling . 
  i wonder why no one 's calling for it ? 
  raise domestic demand by borrowing money .
