does this mean catalan will become independent ? 
  i thought that they still need approval from the spanish government ? 
  what is going to be debated ? 
  it 's one of the biggest political issues facing britain over the next year and yet it gets ignored . 
  ridiculous . 
  can confirm . 
  good point , who knows what could happen in the next 16 hours ? 
  i do n't usually at all , it was just the first result on google . 
  it 's not just africans or illegal immigrants . 
  our net migration figure is above 300,000 , with 50,000 coming from romania and bulgaria alone thanks to the eu for example . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3220682/pupil-14-police-database-sending-naked-picture-girl-shared-school.html a lot of british laws do n't make any sense, 
  her obsession with censorship for the sake of ` extremism ' is really worrying . 
  oh and that weird sad face she makes every time she says anything . 
  boris is a total joke . 
  god knows how he could be leader of anything , never mind the country . 
  osborne 's pretty good , if he 's not high on cocaine . 
  not great , i do n't really like the new leader either , he seems like he belongs in the labour party . 
  i 'm expecting a bit of a resurgence though when people with any sense realise how extreme corbyn is . 
  oh god , if may becomes pm we 're all screwed, 
  i do n't care if you are thing is , a huge majority of the 65 million people living in britain are n't happy with it . 
  boris would be a disaster . 
  i think osborne will be elected . 
  c'mon , we all know they are n't * real * people edit : / s just realised this is / r/europe, 
  yes definitely . 
  have you seen the other candidates ? 
   `` nothing smart to say '' you mean opposing excessive eu regulation , the euro , far too quick growth into eastern europe and the endless power-grabbing of brussels from national governments ? 
  you could do with listening to at least some of that . 
  well it wo n't really because one of the most euro-sceptic nations would 've left , would n't it ? 
  who knows . 
  probably the lib dems because i ai n't ever voting for a far-left corbyn led labour party . 
  do you really see that ever happening though ? 
  it seems like nationalism and conservatism are growing all across europe , i do n't see a united states of europe ever forming in the near future . 
  also , that membership criteria i find weird . 
  italy had a debt to gdp ratio of higher than greece 's when it joined the euro , well above the 60 % maximum ( which is well out of date anyway , there 's very few countries these days that meet it ) . 
  what 's the point of a membership criteria if it just gets ignored ? 
   `` this view is manufactured . 
  either eu is great or britain is great . 
  not both because then eu is obviously greater and where does that leave britain ? '', 
  we 're in the eu ? 
  i was talking about the euro currency . 
  we have n't been doing terribly not being in it ... 
  yes , it was . 
  it 's also pre-nato , pre-un , pre-globalisation , pre-fall of ussr , pre-american dominance etc. 
  you ca n't say the eu is the only thing that 's prevented war . 
  well , having 10 pints a day at your local pub when you 're a depressed old man in the country is a little bit different from having a glass of wine with your lunch in a small street bar in lille i 'd say, 
  a small tent outside the eurotunnel sounds especially nice, 
  see this is what i love about france . 
  they are n't afraid to have a glass of wine publicly at 2 in the afternoon . 
  it is n't , but most brits think it is . 
  i 'd say france . 
  no it wo n't . 
  corporations do n't define us or european law . 
  what 's so bad about that ? 
  if ttip goes through it will set a global standard for trade determined by the west . 
  that 's not bad at all . 
  oh , please . 
  could you get more patronising obama ? 
  no leader in the uk would open with `` as your friend '' , never mind a leader of another country . 
  this `` special relationship '' is a joke . 
  it 's used by politicians in the us and in the uk in order to get the uk to do whatever the us is doing on foreign policy , right or wrong . 
  you want us to be the us ' puppet in europe like we always have been : being pro-capitalist , pro-free trade , pro-bombing-the-shit-out-of-anyone-that-the-us-wants-to etc. 
  i 'm pro-remain but obama , you can kindly fuck off . 
  the eu is a nation of values . 
  it 's why the european court of human rights exists . 
  i think the eu should have laws guaranteeing civil liberties , democracy and freedom . 
  especially when you have the ultra-conservative governments of poland and hungary threatening those very liberties . 
  mind you , that 's basically all there should be , a basic eu constitution . 
  the eu should n't set other rules and laws like it does now . 
  i agree with you . 
  it is completely against our values , there 's a reason we 've been the most eurosceptic nation throughout the eu 's history . 
  but , our values are n't perfect by any means . 
  implementing an incredibly strict immigration policy to limit net migration to under 100,000 would be terrible for our economy . 
  i wish we were more like the us in that respect . 
  aww cmon , you love us really , 
  the example you used would be most definitely illegal in the uk , too . 
  that is not just an insult , that example is harassment as well as child abuse . 
  banning insults in general does harm free speech . 
  i could go up to david cameron tomorrow and call him pig fucker , an obvious insult , but should that really be illegal ? 
  what ?!, 
  this is insane , i was n't aware how common anti-free speech laws are in europe . 
  europe needs a us-style first amendment desperately . 
   `` it is likely that the effect would be short-lived '' it does n't need last just one or two quarters , it could be implemented and then tapered off with smaller and smaller stimulus over years like qe . 
  how ? 
  monetary policy can change wealth distribution too as whereas qe is creating money to buy bonds which inflate the price of assets in the economy , it is giving money that benefits the rich disproportionally . 
  whereas helicopter money is giving money to everyone with a bank account , not just asset holders , which the poor will benefit more from ( which will arguably be far more effective at boosting demand ) . 
  i 'd vote for him because he wo n't be able to pass some of his most radical ideas , but a lot of his ideas that will pass , are desperately needed in america . 
  a higher minimum wage ( maybe not as high as $ 15 ) , campaign finance reform , better healthcare , stricter gun laws , better and cheaper education , paid holiday and family leave and better infrastructure . 
  the only thing i really disagree with bernie on is free trade . 
  free trade is good for everyone and , despite what people like to think , the nordic countries are successful because they have such open markets and little regulation along with big government . 
  no thanks . 
  japan is one of the only countries in the world that has worse pop music than eastern europe . 
  i 'm sure if you asked a central banker about qe in 2006 they would 've said the same . 
  i think there 's a pretty big divide between the south ( mediterranean europe ) and the north ( everything france and above ) as well as east and west . 
  bargain ... 
  how exactly ? 
  this article is like any other bbc one , filled with quotes and stating facts ( even though it 's about a very far-right politician ) compared to almost every other european news source , the bbc is one of the most unbiased . 
  and what exactly is that ? 
  what does nokia even do now ? 
  the only thing i can find is a cheap android tablet and patent licensing on their website , how do they actually make real money ? 
  people hate immigration and the eu making laws that we have to follow .
