  along with hong kong , london , luxembourg and singapore . 
  no surprises here . 
   `` it 's not exactly unprecedented . '', 
  it 's the first time it 's happened in over 40 years and especially in the current situation , it is unprecedented . 
   `` well , can you blame us ? 
  i would argue that there is not a single country in this wold which would say : `` oh no , people are buying our products , we quickly need to get less competitive '' . 
  our wages are increasing , in a reasonable way that lets us become less competitive over time without completely wrecking our economy . '', 
  of course it 's not a bad thing for germany that they 're exports are high but , you have a weak currency with negative interest rates , that makes your exports artificially much higher than they ` should ' be ( than if germany were to have its own currency ) . 
  whereas you have greece , italy etc which , since they share a currency with relatively strong germany , have lower exports which hinders their recovery . 
  and wage rises do n't necessarily make an economy less competitive , they 're normally due to increased productivity . 
   `` fix them before you evaluate the total situation . '', 
  france 's problems are n't isolated though , the average unemployment rate in all eurozone countries is over 10 % and has barely fallen for years - you can not blame france 's labour laws for that . 
   `` it would wreck our economy . 
  and with germany 's economy in trouble , the other european countries run into trouble as well . 
  we are n't called the `` economic locomotive of europe '' for no reason . 
  do n't forget - we are not only the most important exporter in europe , we are also the # 1 export destination for most european countries . 
  especially for eastern europe . 
  as a result , it is very much possible that it would do more harm than good to other countries . 
  plus , in case germany left , we would drag the netherlands , austria , possibly finland and mabye the baltics with us . 
  which would result in a very very weak currency that would remind of the latin currency union a century ago ( it failed by the way ) . 
  if a country thinks the euro is too ` hard ' , that country is free to leave the currency union . 
  however , as mr. varoufakis correctly stated : `` joining the euro was bad . 
  leaving it now would be a disaster '' . 
  why do you think leaving the euro would suddenly cause a collapse in exports or imports ? 
  the creation of the euro had no effect on uk exports and imports to the eurozone , for example ( not a great comparison , but it 's the best there is ) . 
  you 'll still have the free trade bloc , just now individual currencies will be able to move freely with the market so poorer countries would become more competitive and richer ones less so . 
  there would be a short term shock of course , but the long-term benefit to the south european economies would outweigh it in my view . 
  and varoufakis was talking about greece leaving on its own ( i assume ) which is very different to germany . 
   `` germany does not have to choose anything . 
  we are already increasing domestic demand ( highest wage & pension raises in decades '' pensions and wage rises do not constitute increasing demand . 
  running an unprecedented fiscal surplus along with a gigantic current account surplus clearly shows a lack of it . 
  germany exports far more than it should and consumes less due to a weak euro despite its strong economy while the rest of the eurozone stagnates and is stuck with 10 % + unemployment , deflation and zero growth because , despite having hugely different economies , have the same floating currency . 
  of course france has a problem with its unions and rigid labour laws but germany leaving the euro ( or the currency being abandoned altogether ) would help virtually every other country within it . 
  eu citizens commit crimes too ??? 
  this is embarrassing . 
  it 's caused a huge far right rift in western europe as millions of migrants have moved from east to west . 
  just fuck off and join the tory party , tony . 
  the point is n't that most religious people in western europe see contraception as fine , the point is that there are still millions that are refused access to it under the same religion they believe in . 
  that has caused literally millions of deaths from stis , most notably aids because of the church 's refusal to accept it themselves . 
  the same goes for millions of gay people being discriminated against because of religion . 
  thousands of women being condemned or abandoned by their parents and loved ones because they had an abortion . 
  surely , if the institution that causes all that is falling in popularity , it is only a good thing . 
  religion is * always * ridiculously conservative , backwards and throughout the past century or so , it has tried to resist just about every social change that , i believe , has made us all better off . 
  religion is still much the same as it has always been . 
  i accept religious people for whatever they believe in but i think we 're all better off if we start accepting reality and not condemning perfectly innocent people for being gay , having abortions or using contraception . 
  why are you so desperate for one ? 
  i can see why . 
  the us spends hundreds of billions essentially defending rich european nations . 
  why ? 
  it 's harder than you think . 
  the uk has very strict planning regulations . 
  no way . 
  the last thing europe needs is to continue its expansion into the poor east when the existing eastern countries in the eu have caused huge political problems in the west and the eu as a whole . 
  that 's ridiculously far from the truth , you 're drivelling europhile myths . 
  china is by far the largest economy in the world in no free trading bloc at all , while also being very powerful . 
  trading blocs exist across the world including over 100 nations , many very poor and not powerful at all . 
  they 're just not as well-known as the eu because they do n't involve a political or monetary union . 
  political power does not drive trade agreements , actually it 's more the opposite as america is n't going to do a free trade agreement with china or russia anytime soon , for example . 
  this is simply scaremongering , and i 'm pro-europe . 
  our position outside of the eu would completely depend on the kind of trade agreements and laws implemented after leaving . 
  what ? 
  there 's a big difference between # 1bn and # 100bn, 
  well , not really ... but what are you saying ? 
  that the eu should or could start colonising countries to force the language they choose on to its citizens ? 
  yes ... that was n't exactly ` easy ' it involved the brutal murder of millions of people ... 
  except the uk ... 
  most important event , seriously ? 
  what ? 
  it 's the lowest in the g20 . 
  a big cut in corporation tax , a huge cut in capital gains tax and a significant rise in the higher rate income tax threshold . 
  you can see where the chancellor 's priorities lie . 
  we say bon app\u00e9tit too . 
  i guess the alternative would be ` enjoy your meal ' because that 's the translation ? 
   `` however the opposition labour party , which was initially welcoming when the government introduced the bill last fall '' it would be nice if we actually had a major opposition party that stood up for civil liberties . 
  a world power with massively different sizes of military per ` state ' and different priorities in foreign policy . 
  europe has been divided for millennia , full unification would take centuries if not forever . 
  i know for a fact that my country would * never * accept that . 
  languages do n't change that easily y' know . 
  europe is far too diverse culturally , religiously , politically , ideologically and linguistically to ever become a federation . 
  politicians sure set a great example here ... 
  i wonder how many things that boris says over the next few months become headlines ... oh dear ... 
  goodbye democracy, 
  growth has been ridiculously weak across the continent , barely reaching positive figures . 
  it 's not like this is a global stagnation either , compared to almost anywhere in the world , the eurozone 's growth has been terrible . 
  euro countries have serious issues to deal with . 
  it 's definitely stagnation . 
  the eurozone is not larger economically than it was in 2008 . 
  how the hell is that already not stagnation ? 
  that 's a lost decade right there . 
  negative interest rates and endless qe continuing to show their success ... 
  maybe you should listen, 
  it 's really interesting the kind of articles dc writes in the guardian compared with the telegraph or the daily mail . 
  he 's certainly a good pr man . 
  yeah things like the winter fuel allowance , free tv licenses , free bus passes and also pensioners that qualify for housing benefit for example are all included in welfare . 
  they include pensioner benefits and social care which make up more than half of that welfare figure . 
  until you realise the numbers are completely misleading when over half the welfare budget includes pensioner benefits ( which he refuses to touch ) and social care . 
  we do n't , these numbers are hugely misleading . 
  this was under scrutiny for being incredibly biased when it started and i think rightly so . 
  welfare includes all disability payments , social care and even welfare for pensioners . 
  the actual figure for working-age welfare is less than half of that in the pie chart .
