  not many people i know consider themselves to be very european , thatcher only wanted to stay in for the economic benefits and we only joined for the economic benefits . 
  i doubt that will ever change . 
  well yeah , except colonising a quarter of the world 's land mass . 
   `` the research also reveals that not a single european country wants more powers to be handed to the eu while a growing number of voters want powers repatriated . '', 
  and yet most of the major european political parties remain federalist and the european people are unable to change anything at the eu level because laws are made by bureaucrats - not elected politicians . 
  meanwhile politicians like hollande and merkel are ignoring this monumental political shift as the far-right continue to rise and their popularity collapses . 
  what a disaster . 
   when the most shamelessly pro-brexit paper in the country is reporting on this you know there 's cause for worry . 
  far , far from it . 
  ever read the express or the mail ? 
  i really do n't think it 's just immigration . 
  british nationalism is really quite strong ( especially among the older generations ) and people are sick of being ruled from brussels - i literally know no one that 's happy with the concept of a european parliament , let alone the european commission . 
  most british people see themselves as british , not european . 
  we do n't want a political union at all and we are , in general , a more pro-free trade , pro-deregulation and pro-capitalist country than most of europe . 
  obviously immigration plays a big part , but it 's not the whole story . 
  that is how it works . 
  there are eu schemes that direct disproportionately more money to poorer countries and regions and there are mechanisms that require poorer countries to pay less than richer ones . 
  what you get in return as a rich country is access to a single market , whether that 's worth it is the question . 
  what graphing tool is that by the way ? 
  some google one ? 
  easier , maybe . 
  but far more expensive and intrusive . 
   `` i simply do not understand this obsession with privacy in the west . '', 
  privacy is so important as it limits the government 's power over you . 
  with a country like slovakia 's history , you should surely know all about why too much power in the hands of government is a bad thing ? 
  but westminister is giving away powers to make it work , the eu is n't doing the same . 
  and despite these differences , it would be truly devastating for scotland to leave the uk and it would be bad for the uk to leave the eu . 
  economics should come before slight political differences in my opinion . 
  so much for being the ` slowest growing economic bloc in the world ' . 
  it 's growing significantly faster than our own country . 
  if it 's brexit they 'll be 2 + years of negotiations to look forward to as well, 
  oh thank god, 
  ugh i 'm so sick of people 's opinions already , i do n't think i can take another month of this ... 
  it 's not even close to finished yet and corbyn hates it already . 
  you can not say ` as it stands ' because there is nothing to stand against . 
  it 's a [ tory ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cxid8pi.jpg ) [ tradition ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2015/10/7/1444233192084/0b8ccfa2-d8e1-4c70-bbfa-bb53d7c64454-2060x1236.jpeg?w=620&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=bf34d1f47d6c309610cbdb6be0c3cef1 ), 
  the eu 's collapse will be of its own making , trying to federalise a hugely different continent . 
  if the eu was sensible , it would either be limiting freedom of movement or stopping it for eastern european countries ( that should never have joined in the first place ) , it should be handing back power to national governments , scrapping eu laws and regulations and it should abandon the euro . 
  they are not happening so , you have far-right extremism growing across europe and more and more people wanting to leave . 
  it can just not carry on like this , british exit or not . 
  ` shockwaves ' , aka a one day long small movement in global stock markets and currencies . 
  i ca n't wait for brexit so i can get my free speech back . 
  [ but , the uk has the third lowest * persistent * poverty rate in the eu , slightly lower than france 's ] ( http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20160105160709/http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/resources/figure2_tcm77-404380.png ) a less regulated labour market may cause more people to fall on to low incomes , but it also makes it easier for those people to get out of poverty and get a new job , instead of getting stuck . 
   `` i 'm very opposed to the liberal model that claims that you can fight unemployment by giving more rights to employers and less to workers . '' speaking in a country with 10.5 % unemployment with no signs of falling . 
  meanwhile in these ` ultra-liberal ' anglo-saxon countries , the rate for the uk , us , canada , and australia is currently at 5.1 % , 5.0 % , 5.2 % , and 5.7 % respectively . 
  is it really just a claim , or is it reality ? 
  this is all insane . 
  hollande passes laws by himself that both his party and the right hate and the whole country seems to be falling into anarchy . 
  france 's unions and the code du travail really are untouchable are n't they ? 
  yes , definitely . 
  most of my friends and family are atheists and they all celebrate christmas and easter . 
  the 25 % figure was the census which likely overestimates the number of christians massively, 
  i know nothing about german politics , but keeping ` christian democrats ' as your party name when there are a million possible muslim voters coming in along with your country becoming less religious ca n't help you very much , can it ? 
  thought so , i was just checking, 
  does anyone know how these are allocated ? 
  i 'd struggle to invent a less proportional system than this , where some people have 10x the voting power of someone else . 
  are you insane ? 
  it 's pretty obvious it 's not going to happen . 
  people are scared of change . 
  it 's already too political , we do n't want to start bringing up historical events . 
  here come the russian conspiracy theories ... 
  wrong genre . 
  if we sent coldplay or something we might win , but then most of europe hates us so probably not . 
  they should really start it at least an hour earlier , i do n't even want to stay up till midnight , i do n't know how the eastern europeans do it . 
   may the least bad song win, 
  i really , really do n't think anyone in this country takes it seriously enough for that . 
  but it is, 
  why should lgbt people be discriminated against because of their sexuality ? 
  and , poor people are n't being actively discriminated against , they just have a massive statistical and financial disadvantage . 
  that 's a lot harder to solve than discrimination . 
  i 'm all for improving social mobility by improving state education and childcare , but the idea that we should n't bother with lgbt rights because it `` takes up mp 's time '' is ridiculous . 
  lgbt people make up a sizable proportion of the general population and they are actively discriminated against , insulted and abused all the time , even in the uk . 
   `` forcing lbgt media down people 's throats before they even know what sexuality is . '', 
  nothing is getting forced down anyone 's throat . 
  why not just have one operator then ? 
  3 is the most aggressively competitive network in the uk by far , it 's often the cheapest , it does n't charge extra for 4g etc which encourages competitors to lower their prices , too . 
  if 3 merged with o2 we 'd all be paying more . 
  that 's a really stupid argument . 
  of course there is n't 81 % equality between different classes because we live in the most unequal capitalist country in europe and poor people are at a huge natural disadvantage in education , in employment , in university etc. 
  lgbt people on the other hand experience no natural disadvantages so there 's really no reason it should n't be 100 % for them . 
  every country suffers from homophobic attacks . 
   `` we want to go somewhere where we can party ( doesnt have to include alcohol ) but at least so we could get into some clubs . '', 
  you 're not going to get in many clubs if some of you are 17 ... 
  i mean there are a few countries like austria where the legal age of drinking is 16 , but there are n't many . 
  meanwhile , switzerland is n't doing anything about its 1000 franc note so the impact of this will be minimal . 
  if anything , it will only make the franc stronger which is what switzerland definitely does not want right now . 
  this is completely meaningless . 
  growth in gdp per capita is far , far more important . 
  is finland so reliant on one company that it wrecks their economy when they die ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  were the remain 's claims of an immediate recession , massive drop in house prices and a punishment budget not lies too ? 
  in a vote with the biggest turnout in decades for our country . 
  could well be the most defining and important political moment in my lifetime for my country . 
  no the minimum wage encourages unscrupulous employers because in the current system you get so many self employment contracts that have no rights and no minimum wage anyway and illegal undocumented employment just to avoid the minimum wage . 
  the minimum wage also encourages employers to just pay based on time instead of performance . 
  that 's a better way of telling people their time and effort is worthless while also hitting productivity . 
  tax credits are paid to people on minimum wage anyway so i do n't see how the minimum wage is a good way to keep people off benefits or out of the poverty trap . 
   `` the commission is forecasting a 0.7 % net surplus in 2018 for greece and a primary surplus of 3.7 % of gdp . '', 
  but if the employees are willing to work for less than the minimum wage what is the problem ? 
  if they 're forced to pay more for labour , it will only discourage hiring for the most unskilled workers in society that need the work experience more than anyone else .
