the funny thing is once you take religion away , the mentality and culture are very similar . 
  i know romania is a few centuries old but that does n't mean that there were n't romanian kingdoms and duchies . 
  wallachia and moldavia have existed for a long time in one form or another . 
  well romania was ruled by tatar groups for a while , and they may have some connection with sarmatians and scythians . 
  according to serbian news , not sure if it 's true , it was the albanian pm 's brother . 
  if verified , this is unbelievably idiotic . 
  i hope you are n't serious . 
  we tolerate them somewhat . 
  like it helped in poland ? 
  mirko , long time no see . 
  true, 
  once you start labeling people as civilized or not civilized you begin sliding down this long slippery slope . 
  english , decent french , serbian/bosnian/croatian / montengrin ( so 3 or 6 depending on who you ask :p ) also learning extremely basic german and i understand spanish decently . 
  well the main argument is that kosovo was never a yugoslavian republic . 
  are you serious ? 
  why ? 
  is this supposed to be a problem ? 
  except when it comes to muslims or africans right ? 
  hungary , serbia , romania have a lot of dry , smoked meat . 
  hungary . 
  yes but why do you keep sneaking in these shitty , xenophobic , nationalistic , 90 's songs into many of your posts ? 
  how do you keep getting top comment every time . 
  south stream has a possibility of getting redirected entirely . 
  look at progeda 's link . 
  look at progeda 's link , even the uk has a 22 % illiteracy . 
  according to that 17 % is pretty good . 
  how does serbia have a 98 % literacy rate then ? 
  what is the difference between the two statistics ? 
  i 'm not sure if you believe the video , but what she says is n't true . 
  plus she moved out pretty early from yugoslavia . 
  i really have no words for that video . 
  montenegrin albanians are pretty chill . 
  ( the only albanians i 've met ), 
  they helped us in the same way that the west is helping ukraine . 
  attempting to gain influence , but really not particularly caring for the country . 
  oh no , i do n't think britain and austria-hungary were much better . 
  i 'm just saying this feeling of love for russia that is often popular is kind of stupid . 
  since when have we mixed with gypsies ? 
  i would have rather become a german subject then have 58 % of our army just die , and hundreds of thousands of civilians due to typhus , and other diseases . 
  i would rather that the entire leadership was n't required to retreat all the way to corfu because of the loss of the war . 
  living under austria-hungary would not be as bad as you would think , and i think would have been a better alternative to losing many lives in the war . 
  downvote away if you want . 
  people in vojvodina had managed relatively fine under austrian rule for a long time . 
  i am 183 and compared to us , i am short . 
  compared to foreigners , i am often the tallest . 
  also i hope you 're not being serious . 
  the thing you posted as an usta\u0161e symbol is the flag of croatia . 
  no worries . 
  what you say is all valid . 
  i agree the crnaruka is an idiot . 
  one thing that you are wrong on is that slavs , at least south slavs , were n't forcefully christianized . 
  bulgaria , and serbia gradually converted due to missionary efforts from eastern rome , while croatia gradually converted as well due to efforts from rome . 
  there was no force involved . 
  also , valens seems to disagree with you . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong or he 's wrong . 
  also , i have this guy downvoted to -30 [ imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f89f4xj.png ), 
  wwi would have been better off never happening , as we lost an extremely large portion of our male population not to mention the casualties in many other nations . 
  support during the war in yugoslavia and kosovo issue was simply due to their own interests opposing nato and the west . 
  they really did not do that out of a sense of brotherhood with serbia . 
  there was recently a poll done in russia where citizens were asked to name countries they consider as allies of russia , serbia was nowhere on the list . 
  the feeling of brotherhood is oneway for the most part . 
  but they 've never done anything outright positive for us either without wanting something in return . 
  yet people still think russia and serbia are allies to the end for some reason . 
  serbia and albania are also part of the dinaric alps :p, 
  likewise the love for russia from serbia is also silly . 
  a slav from the south . 
  so slovene , croats , bosniaks , croats , serbs , montenegrins , macedonians and bulgars . 
  i should start doing this too . 
  yes you are right . 
  i 'm just saying it did happen , i did n't mean to say that persecution was the main cause . 
  yeah we fucked up . 
  seriously , we did , and i 'm not saying this to mock . 
  i never understood why kazakhstan is part of europe . 
  do you not think the song is at all ridiculous ? 
  i mean , on one hand i feel like croatia really should allow these cyrillic signs because there is no harm in it but on the other hand it is just an alphabet . 
  serbians get along fine without cyrillic and in some places use latin more . 
  honestly , basically yes . 
  montenegrins and serbs are extremely similar to each other , and one 's affiliation is very fluid . 
  my mother 's side of the family , for example , is all born and raised in montenegro as have their ancestors . 
  however , some of them identify as serbs , some as montenegrins even while living in montenegro . 
  even brothers can identify differently from each other despite being raised in the same family . 
  yep , people think unification with serbia would be good , but i think it would actually be an economic disaster . 
  serbia is already pretty shitty economically , and the addition of a large , new , even poorer , entity would make the situation worse . 
  moldovia uniting with romania would be a somewhat similar situation . 
  if you see , yes some areas became more serb than before due to genocide , etc. . . however the same thing had happened in the west , albeit to a lesser extent . 
  you might laugh or think it is archaic or whatever , but they are determined by religion . 
  you 're literally a bosniak if you are muslim no matter where you are actually from , serb if orthodox and croat if catholic . 
  it 's how ethnic groups are formed in the region and it 's really weird . 
  for example , there are a bunch of muslim serbs in a region of serbia and only recently have they begun to identify as bosniaks , despite having no prior relation with them other than religion . 
  if you look at the same map , bosniaks were killed/expelled from the east , while serbs were killed/expelled from the west . 
  flyingorange is hungarian :p, 
  free dacians is excellent . 
  crnaruka is a new serbian troll account i think . 
  if the szekely area got independence though , the entire area would be surrounded by romania . 
  there is no feasible way to draw borders for that region . 
  also , if you support redrawing of territorial borders due to majorities in border areas , then do you also support the independence of northern kosovo and republika srpska ? 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_vojvodina http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvania#historical_population i can not find info on slovakia but it is safe to say that slovakians formes a majority in their own nation . 
  in neither vojvodina or transylvania was there any clear hungarian majority but people are downvoting me anyway . 
  you think serbs , slovaks and romanians wanted to live under hungary ? 
  if you do , read some history regarding the relations between them .
