  i 'm pretty sure it 's hyperbole . 
  serbs have historically formed the majority population group in vojvodina . 
  we are not a new group in the area . 
  you sound like you want vojvodina to be reattached to the glorious austro-hungarian empire ? 
  do you also honestly expect that serbians should learn fluent hungarian , romanian , ruthenian , czech and every other minority language in vojvodina ? 
  no one 's even rich-ish in those pictures though . 
  it 's your average everyday people . 
  are there any pictures ? 
  the funny thing is how some bosniaks denounce the entire unification movement as an `` evil '' terroristic serbian plot despite participation for the same cause by people such as muhamed mehmedba\u0161i\u0107 . 
  the argument i 'm trying to make is why is the inland culture any more balkan than the other ? 
  they are both equally balkanic just like there is variance in culture within a single country , i.e. 
  greece . 
  is there a culture in greece that is any more greek than the other ? 
  yes but the same argument could be made for dalmatia and coastal montenegro because culturally they are much more mediterranean . 
  they are comparable to southern greece in terms of lifestyle and economy . 
  why must there be a single balkan culture ? 
  afaik , it is like that in hungarian hence how it came to be in serbo-croatian . 
  according to the weird definitions , vojvodina ( a large province of serbia ) is n't . 
  also how can greece not be considered part of the balkans ? 
  while i do n't think greeks are descended from slavs at all , groups of slavs did manage to reach as far south as monemvasia . 
  thanks , but sorry i meant in polish :p . yeah i know it in romanian as i have a romanian friend . 
  just wondering , what do hungarians think about vojvodina ? 
  what is the proper term for a romanian in polish ? 
  in serbian it 's rumun . 
  the balkans have been like this for a long time . 
  people find a way . 
  somehow . 
  mongolia should too considering how far they went into europe . 
  so should iraq and almost the entire arab world considering their long rule over iberia . 
  \u0417\u0430\u0434\u0430\u0442\u0430\u043a can mean a task something similar to what you 're describing , but \u0418\u0437\u0430\u0437\u043e\u0432 is best for describing a challenge . 
  does \u0418\u0437\u0430\u0437\u043e\u0432 exist in bulgarian ? 
  it 's because the `` the '' is implied in the noun itself . 
  is duh not spirit in slovenian ? 
  \u0417\u0430\u0434\u0430\u0447\u0430 means homework in serbian . 
  yes, 
  serbia produces over a third of the world 's supply of raspberries ? 
  it is the largest religious group in the country though . 
  not albania . 
  bosnia and albania . 
  so are norway and switzerland outside of europe to you ? 
  all i see is a shitfest saying the serbian population deserved getting bombed . 
  no but you still have debates in normal classes and by historians on whether or not it was necessary and humane . 
  i have never been in a single history class where the then german people were blamed . 
  every single time it is said that the german people were not at fault . 
  these churches were built during the middle ages , how the hell did albanians build them ? 
  they did n't even live in the area back then . 
  why was n't hitler removed from power by the people if it 's as easy as you say ? 
  yet we have all forgiven the german people because it was not their fault . 
  you make the rest of us look horrible . 
  as i stated in another thread the chetniks are idiots . 
  secondly the number of actual volunteers is hilariously low . 
  the thing is that no one really believes this so-called `` orthodox '' message . 
  the chetniks really have no real power either militarily or politically . 
  they are an almost insignificant minor group . 
  yeah you 're completely right . 
  it 's just that this idea of a kind of crusade is completely stupid . 
  no one takes those people seriously in today 's day and age . 
  they 're a bunch of idiots . 
  is it not in the ukrainian constitution and thus illegal in ukraine ? 
  ( i 'm not on the russian side ) how would they go about altering the ukrainian constitution if the majority of ukraine is against it ? 
  if people actually want independence in crimea the only option for them seems to be to fight . 
  peaceful , democratic options seem impossible because ukraine does n't want them to secede and because even these votes are called corrupt . 
  and let 's be serious , do you think the west would honestly support the independence of a pro-russian area ? 
  serious question . 
  if a country has made it illegal to secede , what options does a group of people have if they want independence ? 
  are you insane ? 
  true . 
  ontarians like the monarchy a lot . 
  ha , you 're the first canadian i 've heard say this . 
  i agree with you , but people in canada do n't . 
  everyone i 've asked wants to keep the monarchy . 
  tir an airm is my favourite . 
  i love this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w0l-v2nlrk . 
  it 's just so awesome . 
  do people actually use zrakomlat and zrakoplov ? 
  it just sounds so weird but awesome to me . 
  the one thing i like about croatian is that you guys actually translate the words as opposed to us just saying helikopter and avion . 
  it means firm or solid . 
  my favourite because it has 5 letters and no vowels . 
  because communism is not inherently bad and stalin was not the only communist leader while hitler was the only nazi leader . 
  what happens in albania is n't indicative of what happens in bosnia . 
  albania is n't bosnia and is a completely different country . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/world_map_index_of_perception_of_corruption.svg serbia is still on the same level as bulgaria , romania , and greece which are all in the eu . 
  spain and hungary are n't looking a lot better either . 
  apparently they speak russian in bosnia . 
  but romania does have a a lot larger population of gypsies which is what most people immediately think of . 
  pretty much . 
  russia is by no means a free or particularly good country but this is grasping at straws . 
  uh , your title has nothing to do with the article . 
  it 's cool how there 's a bunch of slavic loanwords in hungarian while also hungarian loanwords in serbian . 
  nobody really cares . 
  romnichals , principalmente presentes no reino unido , inclusive col\u00f4nias brit\u00e2nicas , nos estados unidos e na austr\u00e1lia . 
  i love how everyone is trying to play mind games around how they 're not ever supposed to be called roma and only gypsies . 
  roma is the word for gypsies . 
  former ottoman republic of gaylada is quite the name . 
  i do n't think any country in eastern europe was * that * bad . 
  just ignore him . 
  it 's no use . 
  hungary is definitely more developed and western than romania . 
  the guy 's account is 0 days old .
