  how ? 
  slovakia was majority slovak , vojvodina wa majority serb and transylvania was majority romanian . 
  i 'm not sure but i think serbians were the majority in that area for a long time before . 
  i do n't have any population statistics with me right now . 
  that 's not why the war was fought ... 
  otherwise there would be a push to make the marica area of bulgaria part of serbia as well . 
  thanks a lot for showing this . 
  the paintings are beautiful . 
  well then czech republic and poland are also eastern europe :p, 
  cuba is only sanctioned by the u.s. if i recall correctly . 
  how is thinking about normal people and their families pro-putinism ? 
  sanctions are n't a shortterm thing . 
  sure , you can remove them if/when the leader is removed from power , but the country remains messed up for decades after due to potentially years of complete and utter economic stagnation . 
  except a 's entire extended family is also affected the same due to a 's aggressiveness . 
  my point was n't to do nothing , my point is that sanctions wo n't work . 
  yes , people choose him because he promises an easy life . 
  but to the person in moscow , or the person in kazan , arhangelsk these politics are a world away . 
  i do n't think the population is malicious , they are just doing what many people would do . 
  i do n't see ukrainians rising up to stop this , or poles , or germans , or dutchmen because many people would prefer the easy life and ignore the consequences of their actions . 
  when i said all politicians are crooks , i meant the current major ones . 
  kasparov may be well meaning and in opposition to putin , but he does not have any major popular support . 
  also , did poles have the power to end the communist regime before 1989 ? 
  aye , but the point is putin will likely stay in power in such a situation keeping his position , while the people will suffer the most . 
  russia is already stagnating in technology and everything and look what they have managed to do . 
  wooo now i support russia . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i support russian citizens because in all of these political games it is the common people that suffer . 
  i also support the ukrainian citizens and think that the separatists are complete idiots to say the least . 
  the communist party is the opposition party of russia . 
  i think it 's fair to say that they will probably end up in power if putin 's party collapses . 
  i also live in canada thank you very much . 
  every one of russia 's party leaders are crooks . 
  would you rather let zhirinovsky in power who is a crazy nationalist or zyuganov who is a communist ? 
  those are your political leaders in russia and they are all crooks . 
  i support the west more than i support russia , but now i 'm a russian shill according to you . 
  of course . 
  there is no pride to be taken in killing russian innocents as well . 
  i do n't think anyone even in russia is supporting the shooting down of a dutch airplane . 
  if anyone is celebrating it 's because they think that it was a ukrainian military transport . 
  the problem will be that the people will just end up supporting putin against the west because he is n't the one leveling sanctions against them . 
  they will see that he is the only person saying `` fuck you '' to the west and rally around him even more . 
  sanctions are not the solution . 
  so let all the people suffer . 
  man , woman , and child alike . 
  that 's your answer ? 
  they support him because there is no better choice . 
  every political leader is a crook , it 's just a matter of which crook you suppose . 
  would you rather oust putin and let the damn communist party back in charge of russia ? 
  last time they were in charge , things did n't end up too well as i 'm sure you remember . 
  do you know people who 've lived in sanctioned countries ? 
  it 's not pretty and exacerbates the situation even more . 
  do n't worry , the google car has been spotted in serbia . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  serious question , are n't most laws based upon morality ? 
  how is you deciding which morals are right or wrong any better than what your opponents do ? 
  no i 'm saying it is the first i 've heard of it and am not denying what you said and i 'm sorry if it comes off that way . 
  my only problem is that you criticize all serbians in the army and then get pissed when i inquire to the actions of swabians in the wehrmacht where they committed as well . 
  as you know the wehrmacht were conscripted soldiers so obviously some villagers had a role in atrocities as did some serbian villagers in these atrocities . 
  i also do not believe that it was ethnic cleansing as a similar amount of serbians died during the same period under the same regime . 
  because you seem to be singling out serbians and serbians alone when most discrimination against the germans was done by the yugoslav state . 
  i 'm not trying to paint my country in a better light i am just trying to understand . 
  can you provide numbers to the amount killed ? 
  what villages and towns were indiscriminately slaughtered ? 
  to what extent did the swabians commit atrocities during the occupation ? 
  and again , most yugoslavians and the yugoslavian state itself could not give a damn to what stalin thought . 
  nothing was stalinist about tito 's government . 
  serbian partizans were no more willing to kill the germans in vojvodina than the yugoslav state itself . 
  the treatment that did happen was seen as reprisals for the nazi occupation and the atrocities committed by swabian volunteer units during wwii which are also often completely disregarded in much of europe . 
  the soviet union were also not `` overlords '' as shown by the disagreement and resulting aplit between tito and stalin . 
  there was also not much outright slaughter but rather imprisonment and forced labour of the german men in vojvodina . 
  the concept of the slava where each serbian family has their own personal saints and celebrates them . 
  the only thing that really changed was which saints are celebrated . 
  before , it used to be the slavic pagan gods such as perun that were celebrated . 
  also keeping an oak branch during christmas time is a pagan tradition . 
  the oak branch was the symhol of the main slavic god , again perun . 
  you might be talking about chetniks which were directly opposed to the serbian partizans . 
  even then it is still debated whether or not the chetniks officially slaughtered en masse . 
  please explain your rational opinion . 
  oh god . 
  a similar thing exists in serbia as well . 
  the burning of the badnjak is also thought to be a pagan tradition . 
  do you consider slovenia part of the balkans or central europe ? 
  honest question . 
  obviously the austrian empire was seen negatively in serbian lands , however it was seen as a better alternative to the ottoman empire . 
  serbia has the pljeskavica which i can say from experience , is so much better than a hamburger . 
  it 's eaten as fast food but is delicious . 
  a lot of people play basketball . 
  it 's one of the most popular sports along with soccer . 
  i really , really suck at basketball . 
  what is your definition of a nation then ? 
  i think he 's talking about the kievan rus and the close ties back then . 
  is n't \u017dandar just the word for joker though ? 
  or is it different in croatia ? 
  i 've never heard it having roots from the word gendarmerie . 
  not defending the action , but really what did she expect would happen ? 
  i think many languages do n't even have a different word for gender and sex , it 's the exact same . 
  in serbian there is no difference , so i 'd assume it happens in other languages as well . 
  that 's probably where the confusion arrives . 
  us has camp bondsteel nearby and is doing absolute jack shit to help . 
  the map is divided by religion ... western christianity , eastern orthodoxy and islam ...
