  in every country , even in first world nations , there are neglected regions . 
  why would romania pour money into developing moldova if they do n't have any valuable resources ? 
  even in canada , you have much poorer regions such as the maritimes . 
  yeah i do n't have any facts to prove the opposite just anecdotes . 
  i know from my grandparents that during the war , they were already demolishing churches which i assume would deter religious people from joining . 
  i 'm sure the same happened with mosques . 
  it might not have been as widespread though . 
  you 're probably right . 
  moldova would n't necessarily become richer if they were part of romania . 
  if you were fighting for the partizans i doubt you are particularly religious . 
  jagoda means strawberry not berry . 
   criticized the teutonic order for its wars of conquest of native non-christian peoples in prussia and lithuania did n't poland invite the teutonic order in the first place ? 
  i 've wondered that too . 
  no i agree with that . 
  i do n't think that even in bosnia you say `` srbijanska reprezentacija '' or something like that . 
  no one would say something like that though . 
  it 's mostly just referring directly to the group , srbin is any ethnic serb but srbijanac is a serb from serbia ,, 
  he 's saying that serbs + croats make a majority . 
  in the same way bosniaks + serbs make a majority or bosniaks + croats . 
  no single group in bosnia form more than 50 % of the population . 
  hence bosniaks are n't the majority but plurality . 
  i remember watching popeye in serbian as a kid , and the dubbing was exactly like this . 
  it was horrible . 
  india gained independence after wwii . 
  reparations for them , at least concerning the time period , are more valid than that of wwii reparations . 
  this argument is ridiculous . 
  people apply the same argument whenever the topic of reparations comes up . 
  reparations for something that happened 5 , 10 , 100 years ago are much more sane than something that happened in the middle ages or prehistory . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the extermination of a huge ethnicity in modern times would be talked about for centuries . 
  no one would forget or forgive an atrocity like that . 
  thanks . 
  also in \u039a\u03a5\u03a0\u03a1\u039f\u03a3 , does the y make an ee sound ? 
  so can y in greek be u , f , and y ? 
  in the north , definitely . 
  only on this site have i seen bulgarians pissed at being slavic . 
  vojvodina serbs under austria had it much better than serbs under turkish rule . 
  does n't mean they had it good but in comparison to the ottomans , they were much better . 
  he never said anything of the sort ... 
  he 's actually pretty legit . 
  i 've seen him talk about his experiences with the war before . 
  just because he said that kosovo is a pretty shitty place does n't discredit him . 
  and let 's not kid ourselves , kosovo is a pretty shitty place for both albanians and serbs . 
  he did n't say anything about albania proper or albanians as a people . 
  wow what an intelligent comment . 
  what 's the name of the one on kosovo ? 
  kla was n't all too kind to christian albanians ... 
  hmmm , i did n't get that impression . 
  i thought that they did give some background to the beginning of the riots . 
  it 's been a while since i 've seen it . 
  i do n't remember any wrong translations ... 
  it was a pretty fair account of all the sides in the conflict . 
  no they 're normal middle-class people like other canadians . 
  but it 's not going to convince you obviously . 
  funny guy . 
  i 've met plenty of roma in canada and none of them criminals believe it or not . 
  the roma who have lived in romania for centuries belong just as much to the nation as do the germans , hungarians , and serbs who live in romania . 
  perhaps even more so , since the germans , hungarians and serbs moved there primarily during austro-hungarian rule . 
   a number of medieval sources attest to the presence of slavs in greece . 
  while en route to the holy land in 732 , willibald `` reached the city of monemvasia , in the land of slavinia '' . 
  this particular passage from the vita willibaldi is interpreted as an indication of a slavic presence in the hinterland of the peloponnese . 
  [ 32 ] in reference to the plague of 744 -- 747 , constantine vii wrote during the 10th century that `` the entire country [ of the peloponnese ] was slavonized '' . 
  [ 33 ] another source for the period , the chronicle of monemvasia speaks of slavs overrunning the western peloponnese , but of the eastern peloponnese , together with athens , remaining in byzantine hands throughout this period . 
  [ 34 ] however , such sources are far from ideal , [ 32 ] and their reliability is debated . 
  for example , while the byzantinist peter charanis believes the chronicle of monemvasia to be a reliable account , other scholars point out that it greatly overstates the impact of the slavic and avar raids of greece during this time . 
  [ 35 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_slavs#interaction_with_the_balkan_population there certainly was some mixing between the slavs and greeks . 
  he gave you evidence and cited its source . 
  mind explaining how you prepare the camembert ? 
  it sounds amazing . 
  yeah you 're right , seems like they just do n't have data . 
  i do n't think anybody fled to greece in statistically significant numbers . 
  i 'd say the opposite haha . 
  honestly that 's kind of accurate . 
  money does n't change the thinking of the people . 
  are today 's european countries failures ? 
  what you said does n't prove that nationalism is the way forward . 
  you keep bringing up ussr and yugoslavia which is ludicrous . 
  they failed precisely because of rising nationalism and the shortcomings of communistic and socialist systems . 
  you 're completely inverting the cause . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty good in canada too . 
  chechens are literally white . 
  just like bosnians and albanians . 
  muslims do n't all look like they came from the desert . 
  there is no value i guess , it just feels right to me . 
  i do n't like putting my views onto others and judging their beliefs unless it 's actually causing harm , people believe what is right , in their opinions . 
  i do n't really believe in universal morality either . 
  you might not agree with me but do you get what i 'm trying to say ? 
  why would n't it be possible ? 
  i 'm not sure what theists or spiritualists believe exactly , but i respect the cultural and religious traditions of the church and other religions too . 
  unless it 's causing harm , which i honestly do n't believe that it does here , i 'm fine with it . 
  i 'm culturally religious like many in the balkans . 
  even if i do n't really believe in god or jesus , i still celebrate and partake in religious holidays such as saint days and fasts . 
  i do n't think it 's fair or right to completely disassosciate yourself from your forefathers ' traditions and beliefs . 
  you argue for these notions of equality while most orthodox women completely understand the reasons for this law and are okay with this . 
  it 's not as big of an issue as you would think . 
  maybe it offends westerners because they are n't used to it , but this is n't oppression of women . 
  you do n't go there to have fun or dick around , you 're meant to observe the monastic way of life . 
  they have willingly sequestered themselves from society to a purposely remote place . 
  i 'd say it 's fair in this case . 
  even for the men who visit there 's a strict limitation .
