  in other words , troll . 
  as is / u/seremkaogrlica . 
  if i had to make an educated guess , / u/samoserem has become / u/seremkaogrlica , and / u/y0v4n is / u/ramosspaceball . 
  tell me more . 
  looks like an old chetnik . 
  stalinist regime ? 
  what . 
  my mistake , did n't read properly . 
  russia is highly corrupt yes , but i think totalitarian is a bit too far . 
  eh albania is geographically firmly in europe and is european in culture too . 
  so you 're a bosniak who also likes to role-play as a croat and a serb . 
  interesting . 
  edit : removed link http://np.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/2vlf5p/threadname/coirkrk?context=3, 
  ha funny , you deleted that one submission on / r/bih about serbs being primitive and violent and that they are all idiots . 
  the political party dveri ( these protestors ) is n't even in the parliament . 
  his username means `` i only bullshit '' . 
  dodik keeps changing his mind . 
  vojvodjanin for sure . 
  did n't have to look at flair :p, 
  the point he 's making is that kosovars have never really voted in serbian elections since independence but all of a sudden they are . 
  it makes little sense and adds to the suspicions of voting fraud . 
  he called for elections specifically intending to increase his party 's seats to a majority when in reality , they lost some seats . 
  it 's the opposite result that sns were hoping for . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault but whereas they would criticize seselj for being a corrupt authoritarian , they are quiet when it comes to vucic because he is pro-europe . 
  in european media , all i 've seen is that vucic is hailed as a progressive , bringing serbia back into the european community . 
  nowhere in western media have i seen news criticizing vucic , like they criticize orban or other similar leaders . 
  i do n't get it . 
  does n't that article state the opposite ? 
  that gypsies were bulgarianized instead of islamisized during the 19th century ? 
  also why do you think i do n't know what communism was like ? 
  we had yugoslavia . 
  that seems highly unlikely . 
  not saying it 's impossible but i find it hard to believe . 
  do you have anything that talks about that ? 
  they converted to islam under ottoman rule just like bulgarians , serbs , bosnians and other groups in the balkans . 
  there are a ton of muslim roma . 
  maybe not in romania but they are all throughout the balkans . 
  dzh is pronounced as j in english i think . 
  you are right , that 's the generally accepted origin . 
  albanians tended to be pretty indifferent to religion for most of their history , instead placing more importance upon their family and clan . 
  he mentioned that it happened during lent , when i think catholics `` should n't '' eat meat . 
  in the word czech , or czechia , the ch is pronounced like an h in english right ? 
  obama criticized the uk 's commitment to libya and i think syria . 
  ayran is awesome . 
  really ? 
  i thought most people would n't even know that french is spoken in canada . 
  if anything , people think that canadians and americans are the same . 
  i think most people could point out canada on the map and guess that they speak english ( close enough ) . 
  never knew that . 
  i was thinking in terms of the westminister system . 
  his party won the election , would he have not have * had * to been chosen as chancellor anyway ? 
  they were the most successful party with 33 % of the vote which is enough for the party to form a minority government . 
  that seems like being democratically elected to me . 
  is rz in polish similar to \u0159 ? 
  ku\u010de vs ku\u0107e one means houses while the other means puppy . 
  this is the only other i can think of . 
  i miss the old ones , they had beautiful drawn stickers . 
  bajadere are n't really chocolate though . 
  right ? 
  it sounds like they 're calling them little people . 
  while putin is probably involved it 's a bit premature to say it in the news . 
  nowhere was he named in the panama papers , however media are already saying how putin is guilty . 
  there are serbs who say uskrs though and use the cyrillic alphabet , if that 's what you mean . 
  you realize milosevic was overthrown by a popular revolution right ? 
  croatia has a ton of islands . 
  it 's one of the main vacation places in europe . 
  i was n't allowed to take showers in the morning as a kid because i 'd get `` upalu mozga '' . 
  meanwhile canadians walked around in the middle of winter with soaking wet hair and never died of an infection . 
  if there 's one thing that pisses me off it 's the wet hair crap . 
  it 's so annoying . 
  i do n't understand why people are so against halaal slaughter . 
  they can be slaughtered humanely and still be halaal . 
  just because you have cases where the animals or treated horribly does n't mean the practice is wrong in principle . 
  it 's just a matter of enforcement then . 
  a quick google search found an article where it says fsa research in the uk estimates about 88 % of halaal slaughtered animals are stunned beforehand . 
  i do n't really see the problem with the practice . 
  rather have minarets than buildings like this http://blog.fridayflats.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/1024px-dancing_house_prague_5651359716.jpg minarets can be nice looking and european buildings can be shitty . 
  having a few minarets in a city is not going to turn it into baghdad 2.0, 
  i think slovak is the closest non south-slavic language to serbian . 
  i had no idea budala was a turkish word . 
  we 're between southern and eastern europe really . 
  probably leaning a bit more towards the southern side . 
  very cool . 
  a lot of that was due to post-war anger . 
  while i do n't think it was right , it was sadly inevitable and is not a case unique to yugoslavia . 
  hundreds of thousands of germans were expelled from every country east of germany following the war because people were understandably seeking revenge for the war . 
  i mean , it 's a fact not an opinion . 
  no one really disputes that macedonia was part of bulgaria before . 
  macedonians as a separate people is a whole other discussion . 
  yeah , carstvo is empire in serbian while kraljevstvo is kingdom . 
  nah , it 's not the albanians . 
  corrupt judicial system and mafias/organized crime are the cause of homicides in montenegro . 
  probably the same causes in albania too . 
  many muslims in russia do n't actually hate russia . 
  chechens are not representative of the muslim minority in russia . 
  i 'm talking about what josefstolen was mentioning . 
  you 're completely right except people do n't want to listen . 
  everyone canada has taken in is a genuine syrian refugee and being stuck for months in limbo is really shitty . 
  god forbid the people here become refugees some day so they can see that it 's not as easy as they have convinced themselves . 
  the problem is incentive .
