   with what my government wants me to know , it was actually the ukrainians . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  is pis pro-russian ? 
  i figured they would oppose them since much of their voter base is nationalistic, 
  damn , thats the most simplified and stupid explanation for anything that i 've heard recently, 
  why does everyone just care about our wars :(, 
  i think you 're overestimating the effects of this . 
  this really is n't much more than a bunch of idiots wanting to spread their stupid fundamentalist ideas . 
  if i put on a short reading `` bible police '' and tell everyone to not have sex before marrying and whatnot that would n't exactly force anyone to give a shit about what i tell them \\ ^ ^, 
   but we know how millions of individuals feel when they 're raised in mena cultures or those influenced by wahhabist islam . 
      we know that the migrants who rape women and assault gays in refugee camps are no good and because of that we can just ignore those in need ? 
   surely german political theory has something like ` precautionary principle ' within it ? 
  it does . 
  but it also has parts about helping those in need and protecting human dignity . 
   but do n't you see how the culture of mena peoples + wahhabist islam directly contradicts that ? 
  i definetely agree with you on wahabist islam contradicting it , but i do not believe that we can just generalise the culture of such an enormus geographical region . 
  obviously fundamentalist or even worse radical islam do not deserve to be tolerated . 
   and chinatowns in the us still have monolingual chinese speakers , over a hundred years after they first came to the west coast , and decades since 1965 on the east , some of them being born here . 
  sure , there will always be outliers , but without immigration the united states would be absolutely irrelevant these days , so obviously it does bear a huge amount of potential benefit . 
  sure , radical islam is a problem , but again , its highly unfair to all the millions of muslims integrated in our society to put them on the same level as a bunch of radicalised dumbfucks . 
  see , there are german right-wingers who do [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh8vxlk6cok ) , [ this ] ( http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2016/03/000_8t1ek.jpg ) ( it basically reads `` destroy the federal republic of germany ) and in the most radical cases [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) ( far-right terrorism has actually caused far more casualties than any sort of religiously motivated attacks have in germany ) . 
  the difference between you and me is that i do not generalize and draw conclusions about millions of individuals because of a few thousands . 
  i 'll say it again , judging millions by the actions of few is idiotic and unfair , especially with religions as they are most of the time simply decided by where one is born . 
   who assimilated     over and over again , they assimilated     it 's true , spaghetti is no longer thought of as an ` ethnic food ' in the anglo speaking world via italians coming to the us in large numbers . 
      but almost none of them primarily speak italian which is exactly why i support integration and teaching them our language . 
  whatever you are getting at really does n't have anything to do with what i was walking about in regards to family . 
   that 's not happening now with illegal immigrants in the us , and en masse refugee/migrants in europe . 
  i agree , whether or not you want to put the migrants or us at fault , i do believe we are doing a worse job at integrating them than the united states did and is doing . 
  however ,  you either have an ideal which is the result of an ideal shared community identity , or you do n't have a community i do not believe this is true . 
  currently in germany , even those whose families have lived here for decades really do not have an `` ideal identity '' . 
  the whole point of our liberal values is that , while we have shared values , everyone is free to act within them as they wish to do . 
   put a swede , a khoisan , a korean , a punjabi , a persian , an italian , a russian , a bangladeshi , and a georgian in a room together . 
  they can be friends , they can be coworkers , they can be made legally , citizens of all the same social group , company , and government . 
  but unless they can speak the same language , be comfortable with intermarriage , living next to one another , etc. 
  on the grounds of a shared identity , they wo n't really be ** nation . 
  ** exactly what i said , values and ideals do have to match , but i simply do not believe that a ideal 1 man , 1 woman , 2 children family where the man goes to work and the woman stays at home etc. 
  has anything to do with this . 
  if anything , it actively works against it . 
  overall , i do not believe this has nearly as much to do with immigration as you make it out to , as the afd simply wants to make their model of how a family should be the dominant one , and that goes against all the progress that we have made in the last decades . 
  strong opposition to islam , right-wing economic policy , nationalistic attitude , a strong focus on a traditional family etc. 
  you 're not exactly good at quoting others are you ? 
  ahh , then please enlighten me : where exactly did i state that i hate traditional families and want to push for homosexuality ? 
  ( which would be an odd thing to do for me since i am not homosexual . ), 
  its so nice of you to tell me what i believe . 
  i always forget it since i am just a measly `` liberal degenerate '', 
  that is definetely not the reason they are being called far-right , as members from other parties have called for it as well . 
  sigh ... 
  i 'll call bismarck, 
  you 're talking to a german , germans certainly did not get the borders they wanted at the time . 
   what if they way they want to live is with their wife mandated to wear a burqa ? 
  what if they way they want to live is with their children not playing with non-muslim ? 
  what if they way they want to live is only speaking arabic or turkish ? 
  what if they way they want to live requires change in how you want to live ? 
  i think you are misunderstanding my post , sorry if it was worded a little sloppy . 
  when talking about family life in this context i was not talking about any cultural elements , i was simply referencing the structure of their family , as in , if they want to live as a traditional family , a homosexual couple with an adopted kid , families that choose not to have kids etc. 
  of course , family live still has to comply with our laws , and while i do not believe that we can force parents to have their kids play with certain other kids , i do support creating significant incentives for integration . 
   is it really correct to say that any number of people like me could move to germany even becoming a majority in certain areas , and the life style we follow would n't alter the community ? 
  go back to 1978 in west germany , in some small village and move 100k of myself in . 
  while i believe that the given topic is more centered around family values , i will respond to this . 
  your flair suggests that you are from the united states , a country almost entirely made up off descendents of immigrants , thus , i believe that we can certainly cope with immigration . 
  of course , there is such a thing as too much immigration over a short period of time , but i do not foresee any imminent disaster even if i am not entirely happy on how we are handling it currently . 
   for instance , my native language and my children 's native language will be english . 
  my citizenship and theirs will be american . 
  this was not true for our ancestors , whose lifestyle we do n't share , either . 
  but we assimilated . 
  the point afd is making ( independent of what this magazine supposes ) is that community 's can and should have ideal , native , traditional identities of lifestyle . 
  i do not believe that we need such an ideal lifestyle . 
  obviously we do need certain values and guidelines . 
  but i believe that given laws are enough for that , although obviously not everything is working perfectly with regards to integration . 
  what we certainly do not need is our educational system forcing a specific lifestyle on our children . 
   nothing about this picture dictates that on grounds of race or origin indeed , and it is not the issue i have with this picture . 
  `` acceptance of sexual diversity '' is far from teaching them certain family models , it is simply teaching that one should not discriminate other because of their sexuality . 
  is that something that troubles you ? 
  how are they being teached in school ? 
  i went to school in germany and did not recieve any education on what family model i should pursue . 
  could you guys please stop being all reasonable and start flinging insults at each other ? 
  this is the internet god damnit !, 
  we should imprison everyone just to be safe, 
  can confirm , wanted to have 3 kids but immediatly lost the will to do so after seeing this cover , 
  exactly this , no one really gives a shit about how afd supporters live their lives , many simply find their stances such as teaching the traditional family model in schools worrying . 
  he is simply saying that it is one way to live , but not a way to live that should be imposed upon others . 
  everyone should live their family life as they want , and the afd is moving against this by wanting to strongly push for the traditional way . 
  i thought we were friends now :(, 
  ignorance and strong religiousness very often come together , and , even though they overall fare better in this regard , it is even visible in many christian countries e.g. 
  i know how you feel . 
  although the second one is a lot more common ( because i often post on / r/europe  , people in general and on reddit specifically love circle jerking and throwing around anecdotes and strawman arguments like theres no tomorrow . 
  do you count every piece of land that switched owners a few centurys ago as `` stolen '' ? 
  i guess most european countries are made up of stolen land then because at some point their region was occupied by someone else . 
  that does n't really have anything to do with ethniticy though , i do agree that there are problems with mass immigration , however they have nothing to do with ethniticy in my opinion , rather with values . 
  you did n't answer my question , but i suppose that it would be a waste of time anyways . 
  i never said that , i just simply do n't give a shit whether someone is ethnically german or not . 
  why does it matter to you if someone moved to sweden a few generations ago or whether their family tree goes back hundreds of years in sweden ? 
  how many generations does it take for someone to be swedish in your opinion ? 
  im just gon na cheer on you guys from down here , get some scandinavism rolling !, 
  sadly this is pretty much what / r/europe has turned into . 
   oh god . 
  germaniums ? 
  atleast we 're not the huns anymore, 
  you do know that this video does nothing but misrepresent what he actually said to spread idiotic propaganda ? 
  at the start of world war one , the uk had the smallest army of the great powers , mostly because they simply did not need more .
