   as you can imagine , i 'm not keen on being treated like a terrorist for opposing the political left . 
  who exactly is doing that though ? 
  am i ? 
  is a centre against extremism in norway somehow treating you like a terrorist ? 
  i am not sure how it is in other european countries , but in germany , we certainly do more against right-wing extremism than against left wing , but that has a reason , and the reason is that right-wing extremism simply has caused more harm to us the number of those being murderd by right-wing extremists standing at 178 , while left wing extremism has taken 5 lives ( both numbers are since reuunification ) . 
   and merkel is surely not extremist yes , she is n't . 
  if moderates are suddenly extremist to you , maybe you are n't as much of a moderate as you believe ? 
  this centre is looking to combat an extremist political leaning that has taken dozens of lives , and if you find yourself believing that this is somehow a bad thing , maybe you should overthink your political leaning . 
  the death penalty is illegal in almost every european country and i personally believe that it is barbaric , but it is for norwegians to decide what they want to do with him . 
   nazis were socialists . 
  i love how you keep repeating this despite not having any evidence for it except from it being in their name . 
  you must also think that the democratic peoples republic of korea is democratic right ? 
  the bolsheviks eliminated all left-wing elements that were possible competitors , hitler tried to eliminate the entire left wing , but whatever you think about this , it really does n't have much to do with the fact that he was not left-wing , socialist , or anything of the sort . 
   that actually happened . 
  as the first thing , bolsheviks eliminated their closest competitors on the left wing . 
  so do n't look so surprised . 
  hitler eliminated , or tried to eliminate pretty much the entire left wing , as he was a authoritarian fascist dictator . 
  i am talking about right-wing extremists because the centre being opened is about right-wing extremism , which seems to bother many of our right-wing friends on this subreddit . 
  left-wing extremism is being called out , however , norway is opening a centre on right-wing extremism because a right-wing extremist commited what is basically an act of terrorism . 
  in germany , our right-wing often complains about the fact that left-wing extremism gets less media attention , but that is simply due to the fact that left wing extremism has taken far fewer lives in recent years . 
  communism was indeed horrible for those that lived under it in the soviet union and its puppet governments , but i just do not like that everytime any critisizes right-wing extremism , this sub feels the need to point out that left-wing extremism is even worse . 
  its not a contest , and we should oppose any form of extremism , no matter whether it is left-wing , right-wing , islamic etc. 
  nazis were many things but definetely not leftwing , seriously , they were the sworn enemy of radical leftists ( communists ) and ideology built and racism and nationalism , which is about as far from left wing politics as you can get . 
  national socialism is a form of fascism , and if you believe that they really we left wing simply because they have `` socialist '' in their name . 
  i 'd seems kinda weird that the first thing a socialist would do is arrest all socialists and communists right ? 
  if you do n't believe me read [ this ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/timstanley/100261121/hitler-wasnt-a-socialist-stop-saying-he-was/ ) but please just stop spreading this nonsense because it makes you seem like a fucking idiot . 
  this is not about what happened after his attack though , this is about opening a centre to combat right-wing extremism , and combatting any kind of extremism is good in my book . 
  the fact that there are those on this subreddit who defend or diminish the deeds of right-wing extremists is disgusting . 
  or maybe it has something to do with the fact that a right wing extremist killed 77 innocent children in norway ? 
  are you seriously defending right wing extremism ? 
  there are tons of centres about islamic extremism , political extremism etc. 
  in germany , it has nothing to do with blaming a group for the actions of an individual , it is to prevent extremism in the first place . 
  i must have missed when a far left extremists killed dozens of children in norway then . 
  but i came here to shit on sweden for being such a pussy gender homogay country/the headteacher for being such a cis shitlord - what am i supposed to do now ? 
  goooooood , goooood , you 're salt has made you powerful !, 
  you really have to start doing it , i do n't feel like a proper german if i do n't !, 
  there is a difference between criticising our media and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh8vxlk6cok ) . 
   and if its about not tolerating intolerance then its difficult not to point out the inherent hypocrisy in their support of a certain group over the right-wing . 
  are you implying that a majority of germans support radical islam ? 
  its so fucking sad to see this chant that once stood for a will for freedom and unity be abused by these xenophobic assholes . 
  i feel so sorry for those in the bus . 
  who knows what they 've gone through only to be greeted by a crowd of angry idiots screaming things at them they do not even understand, 
  you 're just jealous of the glory that is german humour, 
  please do n't , i 'm already pissing myself out of fear :(, 
  i do n't get what he could possible dislike about [ he-man ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_shuoz5laa90/tpbp7fbmkti/aaaaaaaaajo/v43tv_zf3we/s1600/angie+and+he+man.jpg ), 
  so how does that translate to financing antifa ? 
  lol , you really believe the antifa stuff ? 
  they make fun of literally every party though . 
  however , the afd is the only one to get all pissy about it as far as i know, 
  you 're obviously not deutsch enough then, 
  you had your chance, 
  lower your national barriers and surrender your militarism , resistance is inpolite . 
  as the official spokesman of germany : we love you as well < 3, 
  as a german , i can confirm this accuretely represents my daily life, 
  it depends . 
  overall we are definetely less patriotic than many of european neighboors , but when theres a football match going on you can bet your ass everyone has flags out everywhere \\ ^ ^ i 'd say that patriotism is not necessarly frowned upon in our country , nationalism however is . 
  the issue is that the differences between the two are sometimes difficult to spot . 
  i will give it to her , she is highly competent at playing down the far-right elements of her party . 
  i 've no problem with a right-wing party in our parliament , but to simply speak of `` criticism of the media '' when reporters have been attacked at their rallies [ 1 ] ( http://www.dwdl.de/nachrichten/53663/zdfreporterin_bei_afddemo_massiv_bedraengt/ ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/maas-wirft-afd-demokratiefeindlichkeit-vor-article16451686.html ) ( german sources ) . 
  i am not implying that this behavior is supported by their leadership , but their response has n't been strong enough in my opinion , as they probable do not want to lose any of these voters . 
  what i will state is that i do appreciate the afd moving away from the pegida movement , which has become more and more radicalised recently . 
  its rather jarring to see a movement whose leader has described refugees as [ `` cattle '' and `` scum '' ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20160315/pegida-leader-faces-trial-for-calling-refugees-scum ) often seen in a very favourable light on reddit . 
  as i said , i do not believe that there is any problem with a right-wing party in germany , there are however undeniable many far-right elements within it , their former leader even stating that [ `` knee-jerk anti-americanism , xenophobia and a fundamental mistrust in the political system had taken over the party '' ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20150709/lucke-resigns-from-afd-citing-xenophobia ) ( although this of course must be taken with a grain of salt as it is coming from someone that is in direct conflict with the current leadership of the party . 
  overall , i suppose time will tell on how the party will turn out . 
  personally i hope that they do not gain too much influence , as i find aspects such as their xenophobic elements , their [ denial of climate change ] ( http://www.fr-online.de/aktuelle-kommentare/afd-parteiprogramm--das-stigmatisieren-des-co2-werden-wir-beenden-,30085308,33961360.html ) and their [ `` gender mainstreaming '' ] ( http://www.zeit.de/2015/10/geschlechtergleichstellung-afd-gender-politik ) fearmongering highly worrying . 
  i can not accept this , your lack of tipping is dangerous for our country !, 
  anybody wan na join my new patriotic europeans against the croatiasation of germany group ? 
  many have simply lost trust as they have been in favor of weapon exports to saudi arabia and similarly `` good '' partners and the introduction of the fucking stupid `` riester-rente '' many leftists have just completely lost trust into them , and rightfully so . 
  i 'm not so sure what i think of this , while i fucking hate russian propaganda , i still feel that it is protected by free speech . 
  moreover , this will probably just give it more attention and give ammunition to the `` western media is propaganda ! '', 
  crowd, 
  the two of them really should get along , they both pander to the very religious reactionaries , they love bombing neighbooring countries , and of course both of them have very similar views on civil rights and press freedom, 
  but dude they must be right because it says so in the book, 
  pretty much any extremists groups be they religious or political are not too fond of free speech . 
  they are absolutely convinced that their way is the only correct one , and feel that this legitimizes banning any other . 
  its sick and i am glad to live in a country where this is not the case, 
   it 's like he has an advertisement contract he is working together with the oppressive state-media . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  satire video was an inside job, 
  erdogan is learning a lot about the internet at the moment , lesson 1 : how to get rekt, 
  propaganda , by definition , has the goal to present a biased view and form public opinion , which i would not say every piece of media does , atleast not to the same extent . 
  i certainly agree to it , i do not watch too much tv but private television is pretty much 95 % garbage , while there are atleast a few interesting things on tv, 
  from what i 've heard he has indeed done a lot of harm to the country . 
  i find it quite sad , as turkey would , in my opinion be a great addition to the european union , but with the things erdogan has done , turkey joining the eu is basically an impossibility at the moment, 
  together we can even get s\u00fcdtirol back !, 
  considering that germany was formed partially through war with austria , i 'd say we do fine without you :p ( we should still get together again < 3 ) heres a good documentary on the formation of germany : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vkgnfwcrcc, 
  what you just said translates to : i will not tell a joke german nockwast , nockwast ( wtf does that mean ? ), 
  who is it ? 
  a cannibal . 
  what ? 
  you are like to die and be ea ` ten . 
  i will kill first !, 
  this perfectly symbolizes how our idea of media differs . 
  erdogan seems to believe that , as our national television is funded by the state , it should only ever be favorable towards the state and its allies , a notion which is of course ridicoulus to us . 
  we should work together to make the best of our talents !, 
  i am of course talking about some good ** unification **, 
  actually , victory for germany is only possible if no austrians are involved . 
  god damn mountain germans . 
  i would n't discount the role that irritional fears play in this . 
  generally those who fear the influence of muslim immigrants are highly likely to estimate their numbers higher than they really are,
