  we need to differ between refugees and migrants here . 
  refugees should be taken in as much as possible , and the past have shown that most of them do not stay in the countries to which they fled . 
  ( e.g. 
  most bosnians that came here when yugoslavia broke apart have long returned ) migration on the other hand is already regulated , which is why i find it silly that you claim that anyone wanting regulation is called a racist immediatly . 
  in germany , the native population never voted for parties that opposed immigration , and protests against muslim immigration are a very recent thing and mostly led by the same groups every time . 
  to be honest , i 'd hope that we are past the point at which we fear the end of our culture because of small minorities , it is rather ridicoulus and most of the german population see it as such . 
  economic migrant has always been a difficult term for me . 
  50.000 humans starve every day , and i do not blame them for wanting a better life . 
  i do not agree with my country not verifying the nationality of those coming here , but that does not mean i can not take a stand against prejudice against muslims . 
  i do n't think we can safely assume such a thing . 
  even with how badly we 've done , 80 % have integrated ( which is by the way , not an estimate but a statistic ) , imagine what we could do if we actually tried . 
  my theory is not flawed because of anecdotal evidence , as it is [ supported by empirical evidence ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2015/12/ft_15.12.09_howeuropeviewsmuslims_a310px.png ) . 
  overall , the countries with the strongest dislike of muslims in europe are mostly in eastern europe , precisely those countries in which there are very few . 
  the divide is even observable in germany as it is the eastern part that most strongly opposes taking in refugees , with the eastern part also having far less migrants than the west . 
  there obviously is such a thing as taking in too many migrants/refugees , every country has its limits . 
  most countries that take in many refugees have done so because they wanted to , not because an evil government forced them to do so , however public opinion is changing currently . 
  migration is rarely being `` forced upon '' people , as most germans voted those parties into office and still support them . 
  i do not believe that we can continually let every migrant and refugee come here , and i do not believe that it is the correct course of action to just let everyone in ( e.g. 
  morrocans ) . 
  i do however believe that it is absolutely correct to take in those fleeing from war and oppression from afgahnistan , syria and so on , as hundreds of thousands of lives may be lost if we do not . 
  i do n't believe it has to be as absolute as to either accept everyone else or no one else . 
  the distinction that i personally made in that situation could be called a `` decent '' human being , meaning a human being that does not intend to cause others harm and generally wishes to coexist . 
  your examples have absolutely nothing in common with the situation at hand . 
  different cultures can not be compared to live threatening situations . 
  my point was simply that those who have actually had contact with a certain group will generally have an easier time at judging that group . 
  your example again completely misses the point of my argument . 
  if you believe that 20 % , or really any similar number of muslims can be compared to drunk taxi drivers i 'll just make assumptions that you are part of the aforementioned group that has not interacted much with muslims . 
  i do not believe that we are obligated to do anything of the sort , but any of us who were fortunate enough to be born in a western country got incredibly lucky and were born into an extremely wealthy enviroment . 
  the last we can do is stop destabilizing many poorer countries and help them reach the same level of development or , if we fail to do so atleast aid those fleeing from war , starvation and oppression in said areas . 
  you ignored the part that said `` human beings just like you and me '' . 
  yes , islamic or fascist extremists are also humans , but i would n't call them humans similar to me , as they are fanatic and prepared to murder for their ideology . 
  i never said that no one is allowed to be opposed to muslim migration , but does n't it give you the slightest bit of doubt that those most strongly opposed to muslims are those who have never had any real experience with them ? 
  \\  80 % of german muslim citizens are actually well integrated , and considering how much effort we are putting into alienating them i find that number surprisingly high . 
  yes , those who immigrate to european countries can not reject our values and principles , but we must also give them a fair oppertunity at proving that they want and can do so , not antagonize them based on crimes done in the name of their religion . 
  i was using an example to show that it is just as illegal to move too many steps to the left , as it is to move too many steps to right . 
  did i ever defend the case you brought up ? 
  my point is not that cases such as the article that you linked should be ignored , but in the end , i do n't know enough about british law to judge whether or not the decision was correct or not . 
  personally i do not approve of such tweets because they are ridicoulus and absolutely idiotic . 
  my point was that you are absolutely wrong an trying to shove yourself into a victim-role when claiming that all right-wing thoughts are forbidden . 
  i do not know the background of the case that you linked , but since [ calling for the use firearms to stop refugees attempting to enter germany ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/07/frauke-petry-smiling-face-resurgent-right ) is legal , i believe my point still stands . 
  sadly , anti-semitism exists everywhere , from right-wing neo-nazis to left wing israel-critics to islamic extremists . 
  our country is , due to our past events , most sensible to antisemitism with a national socialist background , but i do not believe that any other group attacking jewish people would be accepted . 
  i do n't know exactly what this man posted , sorry if it seemed that way , i was simply stating that , while i most certainly do n't agree with many things said about muslims , i do not wish to ban saying them . 
  since i do n't know what he posted i do not know if punishment is correct in this situation , i was more referring to a general trend that seems to be manifesting itself in europe, 
  calling for the beheading of the rich is just as illegal as calling for the beheading of migrants . 
  if the right-wing wants to be taken seriously it needs to stop trying to paint itself as a victim . 
  i consider myself quite leftist and absolutely disagree with the idiotic things this man posted , but i find this trend of persecuting people based on their opinion highly disturbing . 
  there are certain opinions that should not be tolerated ( e.g. 
  calling for the murder or rape of certain groups ) , but from a non-british perspective , some of the actions taken by the british government seem quite controlling of their citizens private life . 
  indeed , it is very easy to hate a group when all you know of them are accounts of a few individuals from said group commiting crimes . 
  if you actually know them , you might learn that they are human beings just like you and me , and that seemingly frightens many . 
  he is talking about modern antisemitism , which is absolutely looked down upon and not widespread in germany . 
  its actually often precisely the countries that have do not have a significant amount . 
  in germany the regions with the least amount of muslims are also those where non muslims are more strongly opposed to migrants from muslim countries . 
  ich vould like to volunteer for das position, 
  but look at [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/flsw12p.png ) horrendeous borders : /, 
  not an easy question , since i really can not predict how the situation in e.g. 
  syria and afganistahn will evolve . 
  so lets be pessimistic here , nothing improves in either country , spain , the uk and eastern europe continue to do nothing and our government does not start differentiating those fleeing from war & persecution and those simply wanting to live here . 
  if thats the case my estimate would be somewhere from 1,5 - 2,5 million , but i am absolutely not an expert on the subject, 
  comparing january 2015 to january 2016 will obviously yield highly skewed results as the refugee crisis was not in full swing in january 2015 [ heres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#/media/file:sea_arrivals_to_greece_and_italy,_2015.png ) a graph showing arrivals in the meditarranian that illustrates this . 
  i never implied that the would be used immideatly , i was simply stating that the european union posseses nuclear weaponry , which ia a huge deterrent to any nation intending to engage into a military conflict with eu nations, 
  uhh no , not at all . 
  russia is n't even close to being powerful enough to take on the eu . 
  multiple eu countries have nuclear weaponry and even just france , germany and the uk nearly double russian military spending . 
  my first paragraph referred to the fact that the czechs who responded to my comment think of their country as rather `` refugee-friendly '' , while the second one was to convey that , while many people think of all germans as nazis still , on reddit germans are usually critisized not for being far right nazis but leftists that should stop taking in refugees, 
  how about this one , to avoid dictators we vote a new dictator into power every few years , but we also create a few instutitions that limit the dictators power and work together with him to create laws and such . 
  oh , and a constitution to limit the dictators power would also be great !, 
  interesting insight !, 
  i find out interesting how much your view differs from someone from the czech republic , although i guess how exactly you view stances on the refugee crisis mostly depends on your own political leaning . 
  hmm , well that attitude is not very prevalent on reddit then , because i 've gotten a lot of insults but being xenophobic definetely was n't among them ( quite the contrary , most were about germans not being xenophobic enough ), 
  hmm , would you say that the czech people `` fear '' or dislike muslims , or are they mainly anti-economic migration ? 
  i do know what you mean in terms of polarization . 
  there are many important problems ( inequality , euro-crisis , ukraine ) , but it seems sometimes that all we talk about are refugees, 
  interesting , whats the opinion among the czech people about immigration from other european countries ? 
  i 've been wanting to ask someone from the czech republic this , as far as i know , your ruling party is social democratic , but since it is , from all that i have heard , rather xenophobic , would you say it is actually a left-leaning party or is it a rather conservative party with some social democratic policies ? 
  to follow up that question , are there any influential parties in the czech parliament wanting the country to take in refugees ? 
  living in cologne , germany , not at all . 
  / r/europe and / r/worldnews blow the effects of the refugee crisis way out of proportion . 
  apart from seeing more right demonstrations and spending more time arguing with fear-mongerers , nothing has changed . 
  except that [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42spvo/russia_wants_explanation_over_germanys_handling/czculxe ) comment , which was the most upvoted answer to the top comment in that thread , presents the 30 hour refugee abuse story as truth . 
  i am not a fan of angela merkel ( i 've disliked her for years and for reason quite different than those of the bulk of reddit ) , but its fucking sad how people asked you why you support angela merkel and then when you did explain they showered you in downvotes . 
  great display of maturity , / r/europe ... 
  disasters like that rarely completely ruined a developed country though , while it did happen , analysing why countries are doing `` well '' today is far more complex . 
  much of todays prosperity stems from how countries performed during industrialisation , the areas of the world where industrialisation took root during the 19th century ( north america and western europe ) are still roughly the most prosperous today , although there are a few notable exceptions , for example ( south ) korea and japan . 
  if you want to go back even further , you could even include the abolishment of serfdom or similar events as root causes for todays prosperity , but my point is that its not as simple as examing single events or disasters . 
  indeed , if we just look at europe , the divide in todays prosperity can almost be tracked back to the russian and austro-hungarian empires , two regions that did not see much industrial development during the 19th century . 
  i can highly recommend `` why nations fail '' by daron acemoglu and james robinson , its not perfect and has some inaccuracies but presents quite an interesting and detailed view on the origins of prosperity . 
   to help states that did n't do the work they did . 
  thats a very simplified view on history , many of the states that are not as prosperous as western europe today did n't even exist during the timeframe in which much of said prosperity was determined . 
  i do n't think refusing to help todays poorer countries because they were unfortunate enough to be ruled by oppressive governments for much of their history is the right course of action . 
  yes, 
  its a term used for anyone from southern europe , mostly used in a degrading context, 
  aha , so searching for the causes behind the actions of either conflict party equals supporting that party ? 
  at the heart of any attempts de-escalation , one has to understand why exactly the other side is acting in the way they are . 
  yes , and i support that since i do not believe we need a larger military . 
  take a look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) , just france , germany and the uk together have almost twice as much military expenditures as russia , and thats only a fraction of the european union ( hell , i wont even start talking about nato ) . 
  as an attack on any eu country will lead to other eu countries coming to its defence , theres is absolutely no reason to expand our military . 
  we are quite capable of defending ourselves should it ever come to it ( which i do not believe it will . ), 
  the context is not necessary in that regard because the context is obvious , its not meant as a `` look how evil ukraine is '' , but as a `` look how horrible it is that there is a war in ukraine '' .
