  first you stole my memel , now you break my heart :(, 
  remember the good old times when you bordered a very reliable , strong and efficient economy ? 
  just do n't be scared of being scared of not being scared enough of how scared you really should be, 
  we get the west , you get the east - deal ? 
  forcing a finn to be close to other humans - brilliant strategy . 
  does seem like somewhat of a warcrime , but then again so is adding eating spaghetti with ketchup, 
  i thought estonians were a bunch depressed alcohol-addicts like you 're northern brothers , but looking at the statistics it seems like you 're just about the only nation in central & eastern europe that is n't made up of raging alcoholics, 
  might not have been a croatian, 
  drunk in a taxi at noon , eh ? 
  all my expectations about estonia were confirmed , 
   on the other hand , things look bright for morocco and tunisia , at least from europe ... uhh ... ? 
  of course you are, 
  better not tell your grandma that ... 
  because you also have one of those odd cheek mustaches !, 
  :( it makes you atleast 1/4th weird though , as its in our genes, 
  i must say your grandma is kind of weird, 
  your grandma appears to have a hitler mustache and her left cheek , you should get that checked out !, 
  shit , they 've found our weakness . . 
   so no weed legalization , no basic income well , its not like the cdu in its current state is going to back those in the foreseeable future  as for conscription i do n't mind that much , i have enough trust in our government to believe that they will reinstate it when necessary, 
  please go take over the cdu then !, 
  i 'd strongly prefer it without a bunch of fascist ministers , 
  i do n't know a lot about the wings in our conservative party , what are the key differences between csu-left and cdu ? 
  ( apart from migration policy ), 
  how in the world did you have that specific picture at hand so quickly lol, 
  we could always be one important power together , 
  you get all the benefits of the common market until you leave , so while it would make sense for the uk to vote on proposals linked to this the defence union is really none of their concern . 
  well i sure hope we do n't get * his * europe, 
   i belong to the left wing of the csu so basically a cdu voter stuck in bavaria ? 
  two flies with one stone, 
  fillon seems very conservative to me , whats your opinion on him and juppe ? 
  whats the reason for this ? 
  i thought juppe was leading ? 
  triggered, 
  we 're already prepared !, 
   a strong union with a lot of cooperation ? 
  yes . 
  a nation ? 
  i do n't believe so . 
  why not a federation that puts special emphasis on retaining each national culture ? 
  come on we all now the most glorious city in all of germany , cologne , truly deserves to be the capital . 
  not your puny little city with your weird beer !, 
  this is why i get pissed of whenever idiots make claims about `` superior nazi technology '' . 
  they were n't scientific geniuses , they were a bunch of idiots feeding of past achievements . 
  oh absolutely , it just seems that nuclear is sadly their focus when in my opinion getting rid of coal should be our first priority, 
  it really is weird . 
  i can understand disliking nuclear due to the problems with storing nuclear waste ... but preferring coal over nuclear is pretty silly . 
  uhm , we do not ? 
  i 'd like to see the source on that . 
  we do not ... marriages at the age of over 16 are allowed with some cases , but not for religious reasons . 
  there is currently a discussion on how exactly we should treat e.g married 15 year olds that come here as migrants/refugees . 
  for a time turkey was smart enough to keep religion and statecraft apart , but turkish secularism seems to be coming to an end . 
  yep , that sums it up, 
  same , and if he does n't i honestly have no idea whom i 'd vote for . 
  but i 'll take anything that is n't afd i guess . . 
  you 're a csu voter that would support schulz ? 
  why is that ? 
   the most probable alternative is another grand coalition and few people really want that . 
  i 'd even prefer 4 years of cdu-fdp over that , grand coalition simply seems toxic for both parties . 
  i really really hope they put him forward . 
  we need a strong social democratic party again and he is certainly far better than gabriel . 
  his eu-experience certainly would n't hurt either . 
  you just made me want to get italian citizenship and invade scotland, 
  i think at this point they see turkey as a threat * again *, 
  how is this relevant ? 
  you have n't answered my question . 
  they seem to be heading the right way , unlike turkey who used to be reasonably close to it but fucked it all up, 
  please enlighten me as to why the democratically elected chancellor of a western , liberal democracy is a `` dictator '', 
  iirc they 're spending a lot currently, 
  germany ? 
  war ? 
  ridicoulus !, 
  you could always restart the great game !, 
  til why paris looks so much better than all our cities combined, 
  they know that it hurts you, 
  this map is absolutely fucking terrible lol, 
  they 're just giving people the * real news * \u2122, 
  i never said anything about net neutrality . 
  it also has nothing to with me thinking that companies want to murder people or them selling bad products , i have no idea where you 're getting this from . 
  i 've simply tried explaining why monopolies and oligopolies naturally come into existance . 
  there are already lots of people on the left that want to reduce the influence of money in politics , you 'd simply need to convince more that change is needed , thats how democracy works . 
   you vote with your money on products , that 's all you should be able to vote on with money in a world without a strong government , in our you can use it to persuade someone to change their mind that is involved in politics , it 's called lobbying or funding campaigns , like i said , another argument supporting my view . 
  so why do n't we just work on reducing that influence then ? 
  back in the day * only * rich nobles had any influence in powerful monarchs . 
  in the last 2 centuries we then went from parliaments elected by nobles to parliaments elected by rich men to parliaments elected by everyone . 
  slowly but surely the people have gained more and more control over the way in which they are governed , and i simply see regulating the influence that money has in politics as the next step here . 
  so where exactly would you want the state role to be reduced then ? 
  as i understand it you want to reduce its power by taking away its available funds , but if you take away the states ' power you might as well just get rid of the state itself right ? 
  economics of scale are possible the most important reason why monopolies on oligopolies exist , basically economics of scale occur when a firm gains cost advantages by increasing its size . 
  for example , it could simply be an industry in which fixed costs ( the amount of capital that you need to invest when you enter the market ) are very high and variable costs that depend on how much you produce are low . 
  this very often occurs in telecommunications , as the costs for setting up phone or internet lines are enormous , making competition between many small companies not feasable . 
  this is an area where the government can play a crucial role in * maintaining * competition . 
  either by operating the lines and letting any company that wishes to use them use them for the same price or by forcing the monopolist to open up these lines to other providers . 
  there are countless other examples , and in my opinion they make government intervention absolutely necessary . 
  if every market was a perfect market with a near infinite amount of buyers and sellers who all have the same , perfect information i would agree with you , but that idea simply is n't realistic . 
  labour markets , telecommunications , a large portion of heavy industry etc. 
  if you want to read up on other reasons as to why pretty much every economist considers government intervention in the economy necessary , then check out [ externalities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/externality ) . 
  so you do n't see anything wrong with money dictating how much influence you have on politics but at the same time think that money giving you influence on politics is an argument against western democracy ? 
  i guess at this point you 're just trolling then, 
  pretty shitty voting system considering that everyone gets a different amount of votes and voter privacy does n't exist , do n't you think ? 
  oh sorry , i forgot you want to keep the state around but take away its ability to do anything .
