  good news !, 
  economic relations , common values and a common interest in a peaceful , unites europe . 
  making relations with democracies a priority would n't mean that at all , nice strawman though . 
  politics luckily is n't dominated by spineless fools either . 
  yeah , i certainly hope sanity prevails on both sides though , both countries gain a lot from their friendship and eu-cooperation so hopefully we can keep it that way, 
  sad to see a language fade away like that, 
  i disagree , poland is a crucial ally and we should do everything in our power to keep it that way . 
  poland is a democracy while russia is de facto a dictatorship ready to invade its neighboors and that alone is reason enough to pursue good relations with poland over good relations with russia . 
  so a 0,7 % increase makes you certain that this country is doomed ? 
  not to mention that much of it is likely a temporary spike in political crimes . 
  [ germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) also has very low levels of violent crime in an international context . 
  economic growth always becomes less pronounced as the economy increases in size . 
  the more advanced an economy is in relation to its competition , the harder it becomes to further advance it . 
  i mean we could expand the police force but that would cost money and obviously we should instead cut taxes for the rich !, 
  crime actually went down in all areas except for break ins last year , what are you talking about ? 
  tfw no interstellar european federation :(, 
  long overdue, 
  lol, 
  agreed , romania and bulgaria should both be added to schengen as soon as possible, 
  i never have , so you 're talking to the wrong guy here, 
  because liberals and conservatives are known for taxing the rich more, 
  i love your username, 
  he is not in favor of eurobonds though, 
  damn germans , they ruined germany, 
  thank you kindly for explaining that, 
  if they 're willing to leave over a 3 % tax hike let them, 
  rich people generally threaten to do this but rarely follow through . 
  scandanavia taxes them even more and you do n't see droves of rich people fleeing from sweden, 
  labour seems to be picking up as well . 
  our social democrats were on the rise as well and then blew it by being stupid, 
  do n't steal eesti though , the eu would n't be half as glorious without her, 
   swiss  do n't trust these germans i have bad news for you, 
  i mean having negotiations when its certain that european finance ministers ( at least those of the largest countries ) wont change in the next few years does make some sense, 
  our elections are in about 4 months, 
  i wish we would . 
  a direct value for the eu would n't really make sense , the eu is obviously more diverse in that regard considering that half of it was under communist dictatorship less than three decades ago . 
  this however does not mean that european countries have higher inequality moreover median and average are very different , not sure what you 're getting at . 
  wait a minute, 
  can we repay you in friendship ? 
  we are all romanians on this blessed day, 
  we tried to move germany closer to you a few years back but it did n't work out :(, 
  thats the point ? 
  regional differnces in europe are going to be way more pronounced since its actually different countries, 
  i was using the eu . 
  gini in the eu is 31 , in the us its 40.8, 
  on average however , many european countries have far higher standards of living . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi germany ranks 5th while the u.s. comes in at rank 19 . 
   the us has been wealthier per person than europe since the begining of the 20th century . 
  depends on how you define `` wealthier '' . 
  the us as a country is wealthier , but that wealth is a lot less evenly distrinuted . 
  inequality in the u.s. is much higher than in the eu , so that is n't surprising . 
  we also like cash for privacy reasons . 
  our conservatives hate investing and people love our conservatives, 
  thanks for providing insight !, 
  could you explain to a non-irish person what an orange order mob is ? 
  i assume unionists that take it too far ? 
  italy why, 
   these are dark times to be a lobbyist . 
  good, 
  greek side is worried that they will ( continue to ) claim greek history as their own or even use the name to start land disputes over southern macedonia with greece, 
  look you ca n't possibly know that the germans are n't going to willingly shoot themselves in the face from a position of power to do a favour to brexiters, 
  what did we do in 93 ? 
  whats wrong with that though ? 
  our team was just following orders !, 
  hey when did germans ever do anything wrong, 
  we love you but we 're still a little salty about 1914, 
  we still like americans , but that does n't make the u.s. a good partner, 
  i would n't mind opening my borders for you if you catch my drift , 
  ahem, 
  who 's there ? 
  laughs in socialdemocratic, 
  thats simply the power of yuropean unity & cooperation, 
  just how would it be better for you personally if hungary was larger and romania smaller ? 
  we added their cultural disctinctiveness to our own, 
  you 're not doing your cause any favors by repeating the same stupid old propaganda lines all the time, 
  tfw most of europe federalizes based on porn preference and we 're stuck with erdogan, 
  considering how bigly the war impacted croatia its really a shame that it does n't get that much covfefe in most media :(, 
  i 'd personally really like common debt as long as fiscal policy is also common . 
  if every nation can go into debt at the expense of others someone would be bound to take advantage of it . 
  its fantastic , is n't it ? 
  you just triggered a lot of belgian and german people, 
  mexico, 
  this is my favourite one so far, 
  neither did russia, 
  fiscal union now, 
  ignore him , people love to hate on glorious k\u00f6lsch , envy is the highest form of flattery after all , 
  a people after my own . 
  you 're a terrific kid . 
  you 're my favourite kid . 
  this , the elysee office looks far more classy, 
  some countries are quite fond of having things like functioning social systems , you know . 
  he should find out if `` kill the poor '' would work, 
  if so few people use it the cost of operating it should be minimal for phone companies . 
  this `` communist market regulation '' fixes an instance of market failure , as there was n't really any competition with regards to using phone plans abroad . 
  thats what would happen in a perfect market with a high amount of suppliers . 
  mobile plans are more of an oligpoly , making collusion more likely . 
  i was trying to make a joke , sorry for being bad at it heh , 
  guys , about his flair : when do we tell him ? 
  i never said that we should grow on forever . 
  we just need to avoid a sharp decline as it would create many problems .
