  he is most likely referring to the fact that they are very pro-nato , but overall excluding the far right and left most germans favor nato over russia . 
  but yeah , overall they did report very critically on the nsa scandal , although not reporting critically on it was a pretty certain way to kill your publication at the time \\ ^ ^, 
  they are strongly opposing russia and generally like nato a lot . 
  when the plane was shot down over ukraine they called to action when nothing had been proven yet and recieved a lot of flak for it . 
  the turkish horde ? 
  really ? 
  everyone on this sub tends to rely way too much on anecdotal evidence , but i guess its a very human thing to do . 
  same goes for you . 
  it should link to an article , atleast it does for me . 
  here is the paragraph i was talking about . 
  i stated that it is an echo chamber as i would n't exactly classify throwing around exagerrated and unsourced claims as `` discussing '' . 
  because she is an evil communist determined to destroy europe , how can you not know this you fool ???? 
  you know uhh regressive left evil cultural values and stuff !!, 
  whats the problem with minarets ? 
  i really do n't care if jewish , muslim or people from whatever religion or culture build differently styled buildings in our country . 
  saying this is completely idiotic , [ as 80 % of our muslim citizens value german culture more than that of their country of origin ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/schulspiegel/wissen/studie-ueber-muslime-in-deutschland-her-mit-den-papieren-a-818724.html ) , but please , continue living in your little echo chamber if that is what makes you happy . 
  exactly, 
  greece has had problems with refugees for many years . 
  look , i hate how my country has treated greece in its crisis but lets not pretend any other country has offered them more support . 
  you missed the part that sad `` peaceful , democratic unification '' . 
  so you 're a fan of upside down indonesia ? 
  and honestly , it held out for 2000 years of you count both the republic and the empire , if thats not successfull i do n't know what is, 
  do n't tell zem about ze plan hans !, 
  how about [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ec/flag_of_the_german_empire.svg/800px-flag_of_the_german_empire.svg.png ) ? 
  its less cluttered !, 
  the plc had a horrible unstable system of governance which was abused by its neighboors to weaken it , ultimately making it unable to respond to outside threats , i find similar problems for the eu highly unlikely , as veto rights for single member states would likely be revoked through centralisation . 
  fatih sultan mehmet bridge is a dope name for a bridge, 
  austria , sweden , denmark , iceland , finland , malta , slovenia , hungary , lithuania , poland , estonia , latvia , croatia and the czech republic all had referendums that turned out in favor of joining the eu , so claiming that `` the people were never asked '' is a bit silly do n't you think ? 
  one of those fell due to and idiotic system of government and the other was not only created through force but also [ almost prevailed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_union_referendum,_1991 ) , only falling because of a military coup attempt . 
  the difference with an eu-state would be that it would be created through peaceful , democratic unification of several smaller states , and i can not think of any superstate that fits said description . 
   so arabs are going to integrate us into european superstate oh sod off, 
  france would be another example, 
  given how the irish were treated its not exactly strange that they wished to leave the union . 
  i do n't see any problem with teaching colonialism to 12 or 13 years olds , its probably less bloody than the video games they play . 
  german military strategy at the time was directly caused by their idiotic foreign policy . 
  britain and russia did not want the war and while nationalistic sentiments were high in france due to the wish to regain alsace-lorraine , that does not mean that a peaceful solution is impossible . 
  you 're just simplifying the situation by claiming that germany somehow had no other options and had no control at all , when in reality they had many options and possibilities to prevent the war . 
  ( such as not telling austria they would follow them into every war in the first place . ), 
  uhh what ? 
  britain wanted a conference on preventing war altogether . 
  had germany not assured austria of its comple support austria may have never invaded serbia . 
  austria was not at war with france or russia at the time when germany declared war . 
  while russia was preparing for possible war with austria , war was still avoidable at that point . 
  call it whatever you want , my point is that germany bears a large portion of the responsibility . 
  while germany did not declare war on serbia , germany did declare war on russia , belgium and russia . 
  moreover , germany supported the ridicoulus austrian ultimatum , rejected the british proposal of a conference to sort out the serbian situation and started mobilisation of their army and fleet very early . 
  while most of the other powers definetely carry the responsibility as well ( in particular austria-hungary ) , downplaying the german role is stupid . 
  to be fair , it is easy to make that assesment from our times . 
  at the time , world war 1 , a horrible war that had thrived on the back off powers not attempting to reach a compromise or a diplomatic solution was only 2 decades on the past . 
  it makes sense for politicians at the time to take every effort to prevent war . 
  i believe that we should not look down upon on those who did not see the dangers of fascism , but that we should simply learn from their mistakes and oppose fascism to the best of our ability . 
  it does not `` need '' to be more for that reason , but that does not make further integration wrong . 
  nato is a defensive alliance , if it was n't no one would ever join because every european nation would have to accompany the u.s. when they 're off to a bunch of regime changes . 
  while germany was not the sole power responsible for the start of the war , if there is anyone who bears most of the responsibility it is us . 
  do n't tell them dude , i thought you guys were on our side this time !, 
  economic depression is however a huge factor . 
  the third largest party in the greek parliament is fascist , and i am honestly impressed that it is not larger , i do n't even want to know what would happen to our parliament if we were in a situation similar to greece . 
  bernie sanders is not a traditional socialist , ha calls himself a democratic socialist and most of his policies are similar to european social democracy . 
  uhh what ? 
  this sub fucking hates muslims and is strongly opposed to migration from the middle east . 
  does that make sicily a colony of italy ? 
  scotland is a part of the uk , not a colony . 
  quite sad that this would make some people angry . 
  the part linked in the article actually sounds very interesting . 
  i agree , its amazing how they manage all the shit that has been thrown at them . 
  first they are ignored for years and left alone with their refugee problem , then the euro-crisis hits their country like no other and just as that situation is slowly getting better europe turns its back on them about the migrant-crisis . 
  its a shame that there is n't a stronger sense of unity among the citizens of the european union . 
  facebook is not removing anti-refugee posts , they are removing hate-speech posts . 
  and it says in the article that the reason behind this is data collection & market abuse . 
  back when the euro was about to be introduced , our nowaydays probably most popular leftist politician , gregor gysi , made a long speech on how this was not the way to unity , and how democratic political integration should be the first step . 
  at the time , he was basically laughed away but looking back , he predicted many of the eus shortcomings . 
  [ link for the germans among us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1ef0bbtuya ), 
  is that the reason why most of the bosniaks that came here during the collapse of yugoslavia have now returned ? 
  if you want a german perspective on it , which i know you do n't , we have not forgotten these things , and most of us are quite knowledgable about our culture and history . 
  however , we also know the horrible things that nationalism can do , which is why have strongly moved away from it . 
  so he knows less about your country because he does not live inside of it but you still know more about mine ? 
  very interesting . 
  ouch . 
  has support for them broken away at all or does most of the population still support them ? 
  if i may ask , is fidesz as fucked up as they seemed from the outside ? 
  oh no , our only weakness !, 
  thats an idiotic argument for the aid large companies recieve though , they should only replace small local businesses if they are more efficient , and to prove that they are more efficient they 'd have to compete without getting government aid and avoiding taxes . 
  its a basic principle of microeconomics that larger companies are n't always more efficient , but practices that favor large businesses keep said principle from being applied in reality . 
  if i recall we actually talked about it in our history class , even though we only talked about the battle of britain itself for a few minutes . 
  theres also a [ metal song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qwkyks3dng ) about it , 
  you are right , it is probably for the best if we stop . 
  frankly , i 've heard pretty much every single argument you 've brought up before and i am sure the reverse is true for you as well . 
  if you are allowed to urge me to overthink my thought process , i 'd like to do the same . 
  please stop ripping things out of context , using strawman-arguments ( as you just did again , i mentioned that we should differ between refugees and migrants and you immediatly declare that the extreme left , which appereantly includes me now , never does so . ), 
  and relying on anecdotal evidence . 
  the way your german friends think about this crisis really does n't add much to the discusion , i most likely now more germans than you do and the vast majority of them hold pro-muslim views , but that really does not add much to the discussion . 
  oh yeah , and not everyone wanting to show some empathy to people in need is an irritional idiot `` thinking with his heart '' ... 
  overall i do not give a shit about whether or not my opinion is unpopular . 
  i have listened to most arguments from both sides and have arrived at my current conclusions . 
  the bulk of the responsibility lies with the immigrants , but if we continue to demonize them integration is highly unlikely . 
  i really do n't see how this could offend you , but nevertheless , we have had dozens of `` are muslims ruining our country '' talkshows in germany and there are weekly protests by fringe groups that spread false information about muslims . 
  aha , so a strong correlation with very rare exceptions has nothing to do with it ? 
  10 % more muslims do not explain a 40 % higher rating when comparing france to poland . 
  not every fear is justified . 
  i would not force any country to take in muslim migrants if the population is against it , but with less than < 1 % muslims in most eastern european countries i highly doubt that many of them have really thought about it .
