  and by the way , very few actually hate the conservative right , its just that we 've seen our conservative/reactionary right ( afd ) associate with far right groups such as pegida , and that sparks a lot of distrust . 
  a few years ago when the afd was mostly critical of the european union , no one was really worried about them . 
  happens to the best of us !, 
  nazi saluting is n't an indication that these people might just be fascists to you ? 
   riot police intervened to try to restore order after the group confronted muslim women in the crowds , made nazi salutes and chanted . 
  yeah , i 'm sure they were n't fascists , they were just casually nazi saluting and threatening muslim women , just like any normal citizen does every now and then . 
  i 'm happy that people like you still exist , moderate views on the subject seem to be few and far between recently . 
  very weird that people what be using the word fascist when discussing an article about fascists ... 
  i only know the numbers for germany . 
  since reunification we 've had [ atleast 178 killed by right-wing extremism ] ( http://www.mut-gegen-rechte-gewalt.de/news/chronik-der-gewalt/todesopfer-rechtsextremer-und-rassistischer-gewalt-seit-1990/ ) and [ 5 by left wing extremism ] ( http://bibliolinx.wikispaces.com/todesopfer+linker+gewalt ) . 
  i do n't know exactly how many have been killed by islamic terror in germany , [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_frankfurt_airport_shooting ) is the only event i know off , with 2 dead . 
   riot police intervened to try to restore order after the group confronted muslim women in the crowds , made * nazi salutes * and chanted . 
  is n't this sub more pro-russian than it used to be recently ? 
  top kek advice , estonia really should just beat up russia , a country whose population is more than 100 times larger . 
  i love how this has 34 % downvotes from butthurt right wingers that are mad because their bias is not confirmed by this article, 
  muh freeze peach, 
   the `` regressive left '' has become the standard snarl word of the edgy bigot crowd . 
  but meaningless buzzwords are the only way to ensure a good discussion !, 
  i do n't think / u/zoemayacastillo was referring to us making terrorist homeland a warzone but turning iraqi , syrian etc. 
  lets say i wrote something about how stupid i think trump supporters are . 
  if an american were then to come and ask me `` you 're german , have you ever even talked to a trump supporter ? '', 
  that would n't be him telling me that i am an idiot but him asking a legitimate question to see if i know what i am talking about . 
  from whom exactly did todays e.g. 
  syrians `` steal '' their land ? 
  how does questioning someones expertise immediatly translate to assuming they are clueless for you ? 
  / r/worldnews is chalk full of american armchair politicians , economists and scientists that claim to know far more than they actually do about europe . 
  being from germany , i have experienced time and time again just how wrong many of these people are , so i really do n't feel / u/cluelessperson 's question was unwarranted . 
  oh great , so everything ever done in a war is therefore completely correct , right ... yeah , i 'm sure someone with your qualities and great ideas would have been president instantly . 
  oh , they did indeed do many horrible things , but it seems that for you its completely okay to simply murder anyone in your way , and i do n't have to `` check my history '' to know that that did in fact not happen . 
  do n't waste your time on him , this sub is full of those that would love to see turkey fall simply because they ca n't wrap their head around a country with a large muslim population being succesfull . 
  we 've had some go back to iraq recently if i recall correctly because there are a lot of stories being spread about everyone coming here getting a free job , house and whatnot upon arrival . 
  is n't romania ahead of bulgaria in both hdi and gdp per capita ? 
  but i guess patriots will patriot . 
  so i guess that , as a german , i have to be happy that the allies were smarter than you right ? 
  because if everyone was as much of a militant idiot as you are , i guess we just would n't exist anymore, 
  their aging population is precisely the reason as to why i would n't say they are a good example for a society with the perfect immigration model . 
  their small workforce is a huge factor in the economic woes they have experienced in the last decades , as they are reliant on government spending to avoid recession . 
  i was joking about the fact that we are turning off nuclear reactors under the pretense of doing it for the enviroment while replacing them with coal, 
  it really depends on what you want , if you just want the plain size of the economy gdp is sort of ok , but it really does n't give you all too much information on e.g. 
  quality of life and prosperity, 
  look i hate to break it to you , but actually he may have not been entirely serious about 2 million bavarians moving to poland . 
  just maybe . 
  are you implying that glorious vladimir putin , the best friend of all europe , liberator of crimea , friend of such pro-european parties such as the front national and grand protector of liberty would * lie * ? 
  but bureaucracy was our thing !, 
   germany does n't get to decide whether we have nuclear energy or not but dude check out this sick new thing called coal we have over here , its not only more harmful for the enviroment but also puts out even more radiation !, 
  whats not to love ? 
   it works in japan japan is n't exactly the most successfull example of a society without immigration , as their low birthrate is already a huge problem that will only grow as there is not immigration to compensate the drop . 
  i think that an overall problem is that many , often rightfully so , view nato and the united states with some distrust . 
  the issue is that it is very easy to go from being sceptical towards nato/eu to succumbing to russian propaganda , and its only made worse by many politicians ( especially in germany ) accusing those that have doubts about nato of being pro-russian . 
  yeah , i mean even those that really like schr\u00f6der ( which there are n't many in germany , our social democrats still have n't recovered from him ) must see that . 
  overall , russia has a bad history when it comes to dealing with poland and the baltics , it just seems that up until russia started going ham on ukraine the rest of the eu did not care as much as they do nowadays . 
  back when schr\u00f6der was in power , german-russian relations were quite different . 
  russian effort to destabilize nato has increased a lot in recent years, 
  not really suprising considering russia also backs the right-wing all across europe , as both present them with a chance to destabilize those that challenge them and further their extremely conservative values . 
  i never made any statement about your political alignment . 
  what exactly was covered up on nye ? 
  our biggest news channels were slow on reporting as the simply somtimes are and they apologized several times for it . 
  believe me , i listen ( or read ) about the right a lot , its pretty much why i still visit this sub . 
  i can understand those fears , but you should not completely ignore those that are afraid of being overrun by the evil muslim hordes . 
  again you are generalizing . 
  many that vote for right wing parties really do simply care about our culture , but many simply absolutely dislike any muslim . 
  the criminals setting fire to refugee camps in germany are not afraid of losing our freedom or anything like that , they simple hate those living inside them . 
  some fears are justified some are n't . 
  this is not true at all . 
  / r/europe loves to spread this narrative , especially when talking about germany but we have hundreds of talk shows , reports etc. 
  on the `` islamization '' of our country and such things and its not nearly as much of a taboo as you think it is . 
  ahh yes , obviously the only reason my opinion could ever differ from yours is because the evil mainstream media has intoctrinated me ... 
  i know that pegida loves their `` we only dislike muslims , muslims are not a race so we ca n't be racist ! '', 
  bullshit but a movement that depicts all refugees as `` rapefugees '' , a movement that has on multiple occasions attacked reporters , a movement that has had dozens of xenophobic speeches at their rallies will always be right-wing extremist and racist to me . 
  yes , i am filled with idealism . 
  social and political progress has always required idealists that are willing to stand for their causes . 
  i do n't give a shit if angry people on the internet think of me as a nazi , communist or whatever , i hold my opinions because i believe them to be ethical , not because of others opinions . 
  ahh , so where is this horrible reality in my country ? 
  because i , and literally everyone i know have yet to experience it . 
  even ignoring that many refugees will return to their home countries as they did return to e.g. 
  bosnia , i do not subscribe to the notion that our country is headed for some disaster . 
  man made impact on climate change honestly is n't very arguable , you can argue about just how bad your influence on it is but there is no denying that human influences have a strong effect on it . 
  i do not support angela merkel , mostly because i disagree with her economic and foreign policy . 
  i support aiding those escaping war , hunger and oppression , and while i do not agree with the way she is handling it , i think she does a far better job than the far-right ever could . 
  the afd had a chance to be a party critical of europe and immigration . 
  i would never have voted for them in that case because i support immigration and european integration , but they did n't even take that chance . 
  instead they continue to present easy solutions for complex problems , most of the time blaming foreigners for many different issues , e.g. 
  decline of our social systems . 
  they have removed journalists from their meetings , been way too friendly towards russia and support the racist pegida movement . 
  just to make it clear , of the larger parties the afd is further away from my positions than any other party . 
  and while i do not agree with everything merkel does i 'll still take her 10 times over the afd . 
  while there certainly were better years , i think we 're pretty well off overall , even if for example some parts of our social system really have declined quite a bit . 
   what shitty times we 're living in i could n't imagine many better times to live in europe to be honest . 
  keep in mind that , while terrorism makes big headlines , it actually takes very few lives when compared to the wars and epidemics we 've had in the past . 
  i love that we now upvote jumping to conclusions on this subreddit if it fits popular narrative , great job / r/europe ... 
  i think you far overestimate the effects that this `` mess '' has on the average german , really most people are n't very affected by it at all . 
  but even then , i do think that many people are n't exactly happy with her course , but overall our current situation pretty much has divided the country into 2 sides , those that support her course and those that do not . 
  i 'll try to explain it as best as i can . 
  the problem with this is that , while many including me are n't completely happy with what she is doing , the only party that really stands against her is the far-right afd , which has a whole load of stupid positions such as denying climate change . 
  you 'd expect our social democrats or liberals to maybe present other solutions , but our social democrats have been extremely close to the christian democrats for a while and our liberal party ( fdp ) pretty much ruined itself when it become common view that they do n't care about the rights of the people but only about the rights of corporations . 
  overall , many would like a different course in the refugee crisis , its just that many , including me , are n't happy with e.g. 
  this turkish deal , its just that many simply do n't feel anyone else has a better solution . 
   anyone notice that the people in who support the refugee policy are obsessed with race while those opposed are concerned about the consequences . 
  thats a very broad statement without any basis . 
  there is a lot of fear mongering coming from the far right when it comes to foreign races/cultures/religions `` threatening '' ours , a focus that really does n't exist in a similar way on the left .
