  we do not . 
  oh god, 
  oh man i 've never thought of it like that guys , lets just stop doing foreign policy, 
  it helps that you 're not sabotaging our cooperation, 
  yeah right , the two remaining choices on the other hand promise to be absolutely excellent presidents ... 
  oh man , i did not know it was this bad . . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how is the russian minority viewed by other estonians and how do they influence your politics ? 
  thanks !, 
  they do not , although , especially at the local level they have a lot of voters that romanticise russia ( which seems to be popular for most non-establishment parties sadly ) and are very much against nato, 
   and btw the uk was even against the reunifcation of germany interesting , i did not know that , have you got any good article on this ? 
  his comment absolutely does not make that clear , and even if he did mean what you suggest , it would have fuck all to do with a strawman argument but would simply be me misunderstanding him . 
  of course they can , but he seems to , as i understand it , want to define all crimes caused by migrants as xenophobic hate crimes , which is obviously silly . 
  do you know what the word `` hate crime '' means ? 
  thats sounds awful . 
  i hate that my government ( or for that matter , pretty much most of the eu ) , have n't attempted to aid in finding a proper long-term solution . 
  would you say the current situation in greece is better or worse than 1-2 years ago ? 
  can i join and get east prussia back ? 
   they are saying that it 's ironic this attitude is coming from germany considering hitler was elected by the german people . 
  we do n't deny that though . 
  most of us are perfectly aware that many of our grandparents supported a genocidal fascist . 
  while i do believe that these are indeed valid ( as i do not consider stealing to be alright if you do it for friends ) , how about her being unable to use her powers for most of the story ? 
  see this : ciri is fucking powerful . 
  thats just one of the things that make her special in the witcher world . 
  this does not make her a mary sue as it is well founded in the lore and here character . 
  yet she is not perfect . 
  throughout the story we see her on the run from the wild hunt , constantly in need of help from others , unwillingly bringing death upon innocents and towards the end of geralts search for her even completely hidden away just hoping for his help . 
  her being unable to deal with the various situations she is thrown into culminates in the death of certain character . 
  towards the end she of course gets better at controlling her power , but despite that her success is still completely dependent on how geralt acts throughout the game . 
  spoilers ahead : her getting rather angry at times - possibly leading to the trashing of a certain laboratory and having no problem with stealing if it is for the benefit of those who she feels indebted to are the first that come to mind . 
  i do n't know , i loved the father-daughter thing , its a type of relationship very rarely covered in games and was a refreshing change, 
  they just want their nations to be strong , independent russian puppets, 
  uhhhh . 
  sorry , old habit came through there, 
  we need young people so by all means come here !, 
  how that man ever got as far as he did is a mystery to me, 
  best comment in this entire thread . 
  someone should give you gold . 
  well , not anymore, 
  [ citation needed ] nye was bad but people like to forget that the whole police report detailing every alleged crime was out 3 days later . 
  i think most vegetarians would have no problem with eating meat if it was lab grown . 
  seems that unlike you these `` german apologists '' posess the ability judge the situation by statistics rather than their own emotional response to news articles . 
  murders , sexual assaults etc. 
  have all decreased compared to past years , despite reddit predicting the downfall of our country every week since the first syrian arrived . 
  then stop being a dipshit and grow up, 
  you 're obviously just a russophobe trying to deny lithuanian expansionism , its 1368 all over again !, 
  and here i thought we were getting more reasonable popes, 
  hate to disappoint you but rapes do exist in not germany, 
  they can go to the netherlands !, 
  not sure if norway allows people from the failed state switzerland in, 
  atleast we can freely travel to neighbooring failed states and enjoy this huge shithole we all live in, 
  wait so every country except for norway , netherlands and switzerland is failed state ? 
  you do know that [ failed state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/failed_state ) has an actual definition ? 
  and surprise surprise that definition is not `` applies policies that / u/swiss-neutrality dislikes '', 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1419347/images/o-merkel-facebook.jpg ) my country has the [ 6th ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi ) highest standard of living in the world but is a failed state, 
  might i ask which country you are from ? 
  crime has actually dropped in every almost every area . 
  sexual abuse , murders etc. 
  have all gone down , only politically motivated crimes and burglaries have become more frequent . 
  every syrian is a terrorist then ? 
  what a wonderful and thoughtful worldview . 
  eh , i think its much better than a bunch of soviet era grey building blocks, 
  i 'd like to know what exactly you are basing this off ? 
  our strongest regional seperatist party is the bavaria party , which currently holds a sweeping 0 seats in the bavarian parliament . 
   except in football , that is . 
  fuck you in football . 
  fuck everyone else in football !, 
  no you see , this is an eu program , somebody * has * to be exploiting someone !, 
  its alright , all aboard the eu integration hype train !, 
  no wonder they want to kill themselves if they drink beer from a plastic bottle, 
  how would trade with other socialist states be exploitative ? 
  i do n't really think he 's a communist , but i guess socialists/communists would only approve of trade with other socialist/communist states . 
  i know very little about socialism though so please correct me if i am wrong . 
  we simply have to accept that they are `` special '', 
  just to provide perspective , this state has less than 3 % of our population . 
  its hardly representative . 
  no , you wont, 
  yeah , we should all fear the horror of sustainable development , the age old scourge of humanity, 
  the uk as well !, 
  except for the rainy places, 
  mine is more lovely !, 
  * and thus we went to war *, 
  sadly , postwar germany was still very much dominated by the older generations , nationalism and anti-semitism were still very acceptable until '68 and the changes to our society it started, 
  i can already see tomorrows headline in the dailymail headline `` muslim population in germany up 100 % '', 
  its on my list !, 
  oh i thought these were imperial germans because of the song , have to admit i 've no clue what the movie is about, 
  they could 've atleast let them finish die wacht am rhein , its a nice song :(, 
   so it is suddendly ok to exploit a temporary weakness of a potential geopolitcal opponent , while when a dude with a spike helmet does it it is the most outrageous thing imaginable . 
  when did i ever say that ? 
  all i said is that germany had demonstrated its willingniss to impose very harsh treaties on others , thus it was rational to reduce their military strength . 
  i 'd respond to the rest of your comments , but to be honest i do n't really want to discuss early 20th century economics with someone that believes czechoslovakia `` backstabbed '' the su and does n't see any difference between a harsh peace treaty in one of the largest wars in human history and nations peacefully deciding to join a defensive alliance . 
   it was you who wrote how hard brest-litowsk was for russia , while collapse of the ussr is in fact a kind of new brest-litowsk for russia except for the tiny tiny difference that the ussr collapsed and was not subdued in a peace treaty ? 
   but i dont think it was a democracy for the countless people they did supress and exploit all over the world which is why decolonisation took place . 
  whatever the case , the german empire did not have any colonies after 1918 and was certainly far more democratic than any eastern bloc state would until be in the next decades . 
   i guess also you would have prefered to be a worker in east germany in 1960 than a worker in britain in 1930 i do n't know , the standard of living was certainly higher due to natural economic growth , but i like the ability to leave my country without being shot, 
   so you think britain would have crushed a communist block germany-ussr ? 
  im just saying that being a proletarian dictatorship would n't have been desirable compared to being a democracy . 
   oh please as if the western capitalist powers had any serious pity with russia . 
  britain crippled china much worse than germany did russia . 
  and well look at todays map - the independent former ussr states overlap with the areas russia had to give up after wwi , and suddendly the western powers get bitchy if russia even wants russian soil like crimea back . 
  what exactly does china have to do with any of this ?
