  as long as their strength does n't come at the expense of other european countries , any european country getting stronger means a stronger europe, 
   every single one of those policies is a huge deviation from conservative ideals !, 
  policies that were enacted decades ago and formed the basis of the bundesrepublik were thrown overboard in heat of the moment decisions , see the energiewende , see the open door policy being conservative does n't mean never changing anything , and introducing some left-leaning policies is n't exactly new to german politics ( even bismarck did it back in the day )  i get the necessity of compromise in a coalition , i just do n't see in what way the conservative element of the cdu got literally anything out of a decade of merkel . 
  12 years of conservative economic , fiscal and foreign policy among other things . 
  she pretty much had to move away from nuclear power since germany seems to collectively hate it ( a stance that i disagree with ) , but many coal plants are still running . 
   and marriage equality is literally the only social issue that has not been flattened not at all , there are many things such as legalization of marihuana that they have n't introduced . 
  i struggle to think of social issues they have tackled that are n't connected to refugees in fact . 
   you 've always done so and you are too senile to understand that the cdu does not represent your interests any more . 
  i am absolutely not a cdu voter and am not going to give them my vote in the foreseeable future . 
  a strong federal system , with institutions such as the [ l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equalization_payments_in_germany ) on a european level , and strong regional control on matters such as education , infrastructure etc. 
  the rhineland does not dominate germany simply due to it having having the largest population , and neither would germany or france control a european state , as even the two together are barely more than 1/4th of the eu population . 
  they have just as much say as people everywhere else . 
  the electoral collage makes about as much sense as giving people of some minority religion more votes than the rest to make sure they have a say in their country . 
  obviously they did , but that none of those proposals are huge deviations from conservative ideals . 
  they made a compromise with the spd and were able to form a government due to this . 
  its the reason why marriage equality etc. 
  are not yet passed despite the spd wanting them to , the cdu does not want it . 
  conscription also is n't abolished but temporarliy suspended . 
  while merkel has implemented some left wing policies , over all she has decidedly followed liberal-conservative ideals ( e.g. 
  fiscal austerity ) . 
  and maintained a conservative position on many social issues such as marriage equality . 
  thus the cdu/csu is a centre-right coalition , as they follow conservative ideals but are willing to compromise , which is necessary in our political system . 
  those we 're mostly proposals pushed by the spd though . 
  the cdu formed a coalition with them and thus had to compromise in many areas . 
  besides , most western countries have a minimum wage , it is n't really a leftist idea in its current iteration . 
  stop insulting our prince like that !, 
  they forgot poor ni :(, 
  * unzips *, 
  aww , you guys are the best !, 
  while spd-gr\u00fcne works fine , there are still many problems with spd-linke on a national level . 
  the two parties have entirely different approaches to foreign policy . 
  i think that while the spd could work very well with e.g. 
  gysi or bartsch , there simply is n't a whole lot of ground with the more strongly left members like wagenknecht . 
  her views on russia , the eu etc. 
  are simply too different . 
  i do n't really see how this is somehow important ? 
  i thought we were southern denmark, 
  is it acceptable if i put my memes into a blind trust ? 
  the two groups often overlap, 
  i 'll look into it !, 
  what exactly would i be able to do online only ? 
  ( never done any of this before due to my age ), 
  thank you , good luck during your volunteering !, 
  ( although not too much of it , 
  well they are in power in thuringia and it has n't exactly devolved into some disaster . 
  that said i do strongly dislike wagenknecht as well , i would n't go as far as calling her neo-stalinist but her pro-russian and strongly anti-market stances are worrying to say the least, 
  yeah , the spd pretty much killed themselves when they were in government last time because they cared about the economy too much , not because they did n't care about it enough, 
  i 'd probably do the same thing ( although for him , not against him ) but sadly i probably wont be in the country around that time : /, 
  why do you assume that a left coalition would somehow ruin our economy ? 
  that has pretty much never happened in the past . 
  ( though of course die linke we 're never involved ) you could make an argument about them failing on a state level , but not on a federal level . 
  we 'll have to see how things develop . 
  people seem to want conservative policies mostly in regards to refugee policy , but when it comes to e.g. 
  income equality or stuff like gay marriage i believe the left has a fair chance . 
  rrg hype, 
  he 's also assuming party leadership , which makes the spd a lot more attractive to most people, 
  certainly not with that attitude, 
  my little baltic states ca n't possibly be this cute, 
  while it certainly would have some influence in europe , theres no way that a nordic union would be a superpower . 
  it was important in the past as both nations fought over it , but i really do n't see how it is relevant who held it at which point . 
  its interesting if you 're into history but you make it sound like something that every french person absolutely needs to know . 
  does it matter ? 
  who are you hoping for ? 
  seems like fillon , le pen and maybe macron or the only ones with a realistic chance at this point, 
  you can make fun of a group that you belong to, 
  i 'm certainly not getting anywhere near those pizza-like things they sell at pizza hut, 
  nazism is one of the least tolerant ideologies and thus does not deserve our tolerance, 
  thanks , thats much better !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ soon, 
   he was talking to their proposition as the `` ultimate solution '' and well ... 
  i just could n't not do it . 
  many germans would make that joke as well , so you do n't need to worried ( except about the fact that you make jokes that could 've come from a german ), 
  in practice it really does n't , we have more history than just the nazi era , but this monument still has to stay . 
  some people will bring it up often , but that is just foreigners really . 
  the holocaust is a part of our history and we should not forget it . 
  people very rarely bring it when talking to us personally , in the end its a part of history which we have to , and should accept . 
  i 've never had anyone blame me personally if that 's what you 're asking, 
  non-fascist afd voters really need to realise that what they 're voting for is a party filled with people such as this neonazi piece of shit . 
  tfw you 're part of the elite but you 're also a poor student :(, 
  it makes something grow for me as well , but not my heart, 
  number one exporter of honey !, 
  did you google it at work or something ? 
  i like european federation because it sounds like something from star trek, 
  i struggle to think of nations more democratic than eu member states but fine , have it your way . 
  lol, 
   yet you brought it up . 
  i certainly was n't the one to start the discussion , i merely stated that i am in favor of this particular change . 
  you are the one to isolate it and go on rambling about the shortcomings about eu institutions . 
  you seem to be completely ignoring that the eu as an institution is has undergone various reforms . 
  examples are the recent change that the president of the commision is now elected through parliament and the vast increase in influence the ep gained through the lisbon treaty . 
  most in fact , the most undemocratic element in the eu is the nation states have * too much * influence , as many key positions are staffed by the states and not by the ep or the european people directly . 
  the eu is n't as democratic as the states as this it does not have nearly as much control as the various nations . 
  political integration has n't caused democratization , the two go hand in hand . 
  thats how politcal integration has worked so far in the eu . 
  its irrelevant to discuss it in this specific case until any concrete proposal for a fiscal union exists . 
  its a fact that the eu has become a lot more democratic throughout the 21st century and it is likely that this trend will continue . 
  i 'll say it again if it makes you happy :  i 'd like it [ the eu if it was also a fiscal union ] even more . 
  because i believe that  a fiscal union would have to be implemented together with further political integration and democratization satisfied now ? 
  [ its not as unrealistic as you might think ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3de5p9/support_for_a_european_federation_of_nation/ ) . 
  while the level of support is n't what it has to be for federalisation , that does n't mean the we have to discard the idea .
