  their army was however of the highest quality , since it was the only one that was fully professional . 
  it does seem a bit weird that it is this low however , as the uk did have an enormous navy . 
  cheap tomatos often taste like shit though, 
  why does me asking for evidence make you throw around strawman arguments and behave very defensively right away ? 
  if media censorship in sweden is as rampant as you claim surely you have evidence for it ? 
  because this index indicates swedish media being in a rather good state . 
  then surely you have credible evidence for this rampant censorship that is taking place ? 
  because judging by this index it seems we are doing rather well . 
  you seem to know an awful lot about the media that i follow . 
  tell you what , 90 % of it is international , so either our government controls the entire international media or you are talking out of your ass . 
  also have a bunch of friends who russia really ca n't fuck with , unlike in 1940 !, 
  honestly , i do n't think they give a shit if their state is a democracy , a monarchy or a proletarian dictatorship . 
  they 're happy as long as russia is big and strong, 
  dude , he read a daily mail article about it , he 's our number one expert on the subject !, 
  i would n't even really call it withholding , it was published 2-3 days later than it should 've been but if thats the best they can do at withholding information they suck at it . 
  i know how you feel , its pretty fun how often i 've had poles , russians etc. 
  tell me how bad they feel for me since my countries media is so biased and unfair . 
  are you just going to shit on swedish media because it does not support your worldview or are you actually going to present empirical evidence for its failures ? 
  oh come on do n't blame us now . 
  everyone accidentally starts a world war now and then, 
  40 % downvotes on this one , i guess our poor far-right friends do n't want to have their little bubble busted , 
   the apf is * concerned about our culture * . 
  their leader is a * patriot * who is openly and proudly * european * . 
  because one of the sources who have reported on this is * a newspaper controlled by the regressive left islamist conspiracy * makes this magically untrue . 
  ftfy , 
  its all the fault of the regressive left !, 
  i 'm not sure if i like this , the last time they came over it was [ rather bloody :( ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_intervention_in_the_thirty_years'_war ), 
   the dominant political views on this subreddit differ from mine , therefore it is shit, 
  shhh , its alright darling , we 're on the same side this time < 3, 
  only if you gib sovereignity, 
  i guess it depends on how you see it , i firmly believe that sweden would recieve subsantial aid from the european union , but as you mentioned , the treaty does not explicitly state it . 
  in general i find russian aggression against europeans countries rather unlikely . 
  ukraine was pretty much their response to a pro-russian regime being overthrown , but i do not believe that they would take action against other countries . 
  however , i do fully understand that swedes may be worried about russian aggression , and given that russia has become more and more invested in weakening the eu , sweden joining the nato would be something that i 'd welcome . 
  i 'm not really sure how likely it is though , are n't you rather invested in your neutrality ? 
  ( which makes sense as it has worked pretty well for you over all ) i probably misinterpreted what you said , going up to 2 % really is n't crazy and i 'd in general support the eu moving towards this goal while also integrating its armed forces further to become less dependent on the u.s. 
  why do you believe sweden needs a larger military ? 
  there are n't really any real threats for sweden , especially not considering it is an eu member, 
  we did our best to germanize you so you would :(, 
  insulting others because they disagree with you is n't exactly the best way to engage in a discussion . 
  because their twisted view of it supports their agenda, 
  refugee does not necesseraily mean fleeing from war , for example , fear of persecution because of race , religion etc. 
  or inability to obtain sanctuary from their country of origin can be other reasons . 
  oh snap , who knew utopia was merely 9 years away ? 
  [ the future be praised ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6vnxutjkra ), 
  is the euro-crisis still going on ? 
  united stans of america confirmed !!, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  i do n't even think that there would be that much backlash against taking a less welcoming stance against the saudis , pretty much no one in western countries really likes them . 
  its just that they are one of our `` good partners '' so obviously we can not turn our backs on them ... 
  do n't forget to also learn the local dialect `` k\u00f6lsch '' , the only language that you can drink !, 
  whats wrong with always trying to improve ? 
  just to make it clear , this is not about the extra 3 song , this is about a poem that stated that erdogan loved beating up children , had a small penis etc. 
  you defined merkel as an extremist because she stands against most of the eu though . 
  but to be honest , i am annoyed by trying to argue with you as you just ignore the vast amount of evidence that stands against you in favor of a few hand picked examples , so i 'll stop this now as we 're not getting anywhere . 
   assuming that your claim would be correct ( there are actually many different levels of acceptance ) then in respect to such a group of states - yes , poland would be extremist . 
  it is a statistical concept . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/same-sex_marriage#/media/file:world_marriage-equality_laws.svg  any measurement has a base and thus is inherently arbitrary . 
  you should know that . 
  uhh what ? 
  extremism is a very well defined term in a political context and you 're not adding anything to the discussing by making up your own meaning and claiming everyone who does not agree with the majority automatically becomes an extremist . 
  the democratic party does n't become extremist just because a majority prefer the republican party and vice versa . 
  and a right wing extremist started a war in which over 70 million died . 
  its not about who did more in the past , we 'd have to add way too many numbers for that . 
  what we can say for certain is that extremism has taken many lives , and that combatting it is important , however , it does n't make much sense for norway to put resources into combatting extremism that is not as much of a problem as opposed to combatting extremism that has costed dozens of lives . 
   merkel is extremist by the fact that most eu member states are against her position in migration issues . 
  that is a statistical fact . 
  does that make the polish government extremist because they do not allow gay marriage/partnership which most eu member states do ? 
  does it make the united states extremist because they have the death penalty ? 
  your measurement of extremism is absolutely arbitrary . 
   such as ? 
  far right extremism . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  does the name anders breivik ring any bells for you ? 
   the point is more that it was decided to open this centre after a singular attack . 
  combating extremism is well and good , but i 'm worried about the morality of the people doing the combating . 
  we 're just coming out of a period where mis-labelling people `` right wing extremists '' was common practice , while left wing extremists were left alone . 
  i do n't really see the issue with that , i do not know all too much about the situation in norway , but if political extremism has caused dozens of casualties the state should do its best to prevent this in the future . 
  would you also oppose belgium combatting islamic extremism because there has only been one singular recent attack ? 
  i do n't really believe that right-wing moderates have unjustly been labelled as extremists by a majority . 
  there will always be those who call every right-winger a nazi and every left-winger a communist , but it is best to simply ignore them . 
   the thing is , i 'm dutch . 
  our last two major political attacks have come from the left wing . 
  both were assassination attempts , and one succeeded . 
  both were committed by people from groups that have received ( and still continue to receive ) a lot of support from established politics . 
  i do not know enough about the situation in the netherlands to go into this , but we 're in a similar situation in germany at the moment . 
  there have been attacks by a far-right terrorist group called `` nsu '' ( nationalsozialistischer untergrund or national socialist underground ) , and police investigations about them we 're absolutely horrible ( police pretty much only searched in the immediate vicinity of the victims despite there being strong evidence that neo-nazi groups could be involved ) , this lead many to believe that there are many among our police who have strong connections to far-right extremists . 
  [ link if you want to read up on it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) , if you have any good article or summary of the events in the netherlands i 'd love to read up on it too  with that in the back of my head , the decision to open this centre specifically in response to one attack seems disingenuous . 
  and it sounds a lot like the sort of politics that created the environment for the left wing attacks we 've had . 
  after all , both targets had been lambasted as the next coming of hitler by the established elite . 
  even now , our one far right politician who is often presented as `` dangerous '' lives in safehouses and needs to wear a bulletproof vest to his own kangaroo court trial . 
  it was n't just any attack . 
  77 lives were taken , thats far more victims than left-wing and islamic extremism have taken in germany in the last 25 years . 
  there will always be those attempting to use extreme terms to try and weaken their political opponents , in germany , attacks on political parties have been coming from all sides for many years , and are rather evenly distributed . 
  our right-wing afd has n't really been getting less sympathy than other parties though , since they are very close to the xenophobic , far-right pegida movement . 
   if it was a centre about political extremism in general , you would n't hear me . 
  but i suspect hypocrisy , and ulterior motives . 
  and my worry is that it is n't going to be fighting extremism , but instead it 's going to be oppressing legitimate complaints among the population , as has happened previously under the banner of `` fighting right-wing extremism '' . 
  and frankly , the article does n't give me much hope . 
  i , on the other hand , approve that they are looking to fight right-wing extremism , and do not believe that combatting extremism translates to `` oppressing legitimate complaints '' , and looking to combat a political extremism that has taken that many lives is certainly not what i would call hypocrisy .
