  the german army had shown its desire to control the east so weakining the german military for the foreseeable future was only natural . 
  also nice little justification for russian attacks on ukraine in there , 10/10, 
   but because the western powers wanted to see a crippled germany and refused any serious reconcilation with the democratic forces of germany . 
  oh yes , extremely strange that the western powers were out to weaken a germany that had just recently attempted to take a third of russias population in a peace deal . 
  its also extremely sad that the allies never [ began normalisation of their relations with germany and even gone as far as creating the possibility for revision of the eastern border ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/locarno_treaties )  the only mistake germany did was that they thought they are strong enough to fight off the whole off europe alone . 
  i agree that was pretty stupid !, 
  but not voting a bunch of megolomaniac genocidial fascists into power would have been a nice way to avoid even coming into that situation do n't you think ? 
   the answer would have been to become communist and then probably the red flag would have been raised on house of parliament instead from the reichstag . 
  yeah right , dream on buddy . 
  not very suprisping from someone who believes czechoslovakia `` backstabbed '' the ussr in '68, 
  holy shit thats just fucking dreadful , and here i was thinking that the majority of us is above such things . . 
  88 years ago , germans had n't gone full retard and turned into huge assholes yet, 
  wait really ? 
  amazing how we managed to expand the union , enjoy almost persistent economic growth and deepen cooperation all while falling at the same time, 
  ahh , thanks for clarifying , 
   some of the big points of criticism of her has been her proclivity to favor economics as tool of analysis and expert advice in general wait , how is this a bad thing ? 
  politicians that analyse complex issues instead of simply pandering to emotions are extremely important, 
   the imf aka ` imposing misery and famine ' was this `` article '' written by a 14 year old ? 
   what allowed america and europe to quickly implement discoveries ? 
  and what allowed them to make tons and tons of discoveries ? 
  why are we not innovating so much anymore as we used to and why did we stop implementing discoveries ? 
  why did our gdp used to grow at 4 % per year on average and why does it grow only 1 or max 2 % now ? 
  did we discover everything there is to discover ? 
  we absolutely did not , it is just that , by now most countries on earth either have western-style instititutions or are working on getting them , thus removing the biggest advantage we had in e.g. 
  the 19th century . 
  i do agree to your point that the west is losing international influence , but i do not believe that this must lead to any sort of roman empire style downfall . 
  we do not need to dominate the world to maintain our quality of life , in fact many dominant forces did so at the expense of their citizens . 
  attributing the rise of china to some sort of systematic superiority does n't exactly make a lot of sense . 
  china is n't slowly becoming a rival to the united states because of this , they simply manage to do it because their population is about a billion larger . 
  to be honest , i am not entirely sure what exactly it is you are advocating for . 
  you seem to realise that the time of european empires has passed , but what exactly is it you propose ? 
  return to a europe of rivalling nation states which on their own ca n't hope to rival chinese , american and in the future perhaps indian influence ? 
   this seems to be the case , but i do n't think it has anything to do with directly with technological and economic growth , but it more reflects how our culture changes . 
  if anything technological innovations seems to have an acceleration features . 
  for example industrial revolution was over by 1840 , yet the economic growth and technological developments continued to increase the gdp share european and american growth and influence continued to grow for another 100 years . 
  because back then northern america and europe were implementing these discoveries far more quickly , as most of the rest of the world simply did n't have the strong institutions necessary for doing so . 
   i 'm not talking about decline in standard of living . 
  once you discover technologies they will stay here , so a drastic decline in a standard of living is unlikely . 
  i 'm talking about the influence we have in the world and comparingly the decline of west is obvious . 
  that does n't mean that the west has no influence anymore . 
  today we have 35-40 % of the gdp share but in 20 years we may have 25-30 % or even less if the trend continues . 
  every percent point is less ability to maintain your values and a big chance that political change happens so it resembles more the political systems of faster growing economies . 
  if the change does n't happen than it 's just a matter of time before the other side with make you change the system . 
  one could argue that this was inevitable . 
  we ca n't expect 20 % of the worlds population to have more influence than the rest combined forever . 
  asia is catching up to us and there is simply no way we can expect to continue dominating the entire world . 
  the time of european empires is over , and it is for the best . 
  europe should n't dream of continued economical dominance . 
  we should instead focus on creating a strong , politically unified europe ( a confederation or federation , really whatever its citizens prefer ) , that can guarantee a good life to all its citizens while being able to withstand foreign influence . 
  you are confusing a decline with decreased growth . 
  while european gdp and wage growth has slowed in the 21st century , this is not due to some imminent war or downfall of european civilization , it is simply because the growth of an economy dependent on its level of technology . 
  our share of world gdp is not becoming smaller because we are declining , it is because our share was vastly inflated in the past due to our enormus technological lead . 
  of course europe is still becoming more advanced by the day , but it is a matter of fact that technological and economic growth is far more difficult for more advanced nations . 
  we ca n't expect to forever have economies that dwarf regions with populations two or three times as large as ours . 
  there wont be some grand apocalyptic european war in the near future . 
  europe is prospering and will continue to do so within the next decades , but you are correct in assuming that we can and will be influenced by powers with entirely different values and ethics than ours . 
  which is precisely why europe would benefit from further integration . 
   europe is in a decline since european union started and the trend does n't seem to have any signs of stopping how exactly are we declining ? 
  despite seeing many difficulties in the years following 2008 we are already recovering quickly and overall the eu has brought increased prosperity , interconnection and civil liberties . 
   they kept discipline until the last moment even though they knew they were going to lose at the end of world war one , the german public had been spoonfed propaganda and the belief that the war could be won was still widespread . 
  yet , they revolted due to the bad conditions the emperor had brought upon them . 
  if you want to spread generic misinformation about german culture because we vote for politicians you dislike please atleast do so in a more accurate manner . 
  we have by now accepted that anything remotely social is socialism to americans , 
  the idea is that a european federation would not be an `` empire '' composed of `` mere cities '' , but a democratic union of european states that works for the benefit of all its citizens while being able to project far more influence than any loose confederation ever could . 
  the migrant crisis and our disjointed response to russian policy regarding ukraine show that we are not yet ready for it , but personally i hope that we can further move towards federalism in the future . 
  europeans share many ideals and values , history and culture , and i firmly believe that federalized europe could project these common values and beliefs while maintaining our diversity . 
  by your logic , he is a russian spy because he revealed information concerning american espionage targeting russia to the russians , is that not right ? 
  that dirty nazicommie !, 
  so wait , him revealing stuff about us does not make him a german spy , but him revealing comparable information about russia makes him a russian one ? 
  i am not sure i follow your logic . 
  you guys simply belong together, 
  since he also revealed that you were spying on us , does that make him a german spy as well ? 
   snowden , a russian spy top kek, 
  oh absolutely , its just that the good stuff is sadly not what most actively read, 
  thats mostly because this sub is dominated by anglo press and anglo press is mostly crap . 
  not a fan of his but i 'm fine with this , we ca n't afford to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we are generally rather critical of nato on average , which by itself is fine , but sadly nato bad = russia good for many of us : /, 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , they do make very good beer , but you can generally hear a lot of bad things about them since they are famous for being that one state that always wants special favors and extra rules, 
  admit it you were doing that sing while writing this, 
  ehh , no one except bavaria wants to be bavaria really, 
  to do even better ? 
  which , judging by how refugees from the yugoslav wars were treated , wont be the case . 
  do n't yell at our hat like that !, 
  i mean its a politico article , so thats kind of a given, 
   you got ta teach your kids to fight because the turks in germany are such scumbags . 
  uhh , what ? 
  i live in a large city and went to school in a part that had tons of immigrants and this is n't even remotely true, 
  ... how is that in any way related to what i said ? 
  thats a nice strawman you have there , but you should probably realise that it is rather difficult for your average muslim to influence some radicalised kid that they do n't even know . 
  sadly i doubt this will have too much of an effect on the `` all muslims are terrorists '' crowd, 
  dude , do n't make fun of him , everyone knows / u/iwanttosaysmth did his best to stop breivik and already prevented 17 neo-nazi murders !, 
  eh , the ussr obviously was n't great but atleast they industrialised the country and educated the population . 
   take that , west-germans . 
  i believe the correct term is `` swamp-german '', 
  most of the turkish people on / r/europe are n't exactly erdogan fans though, 
  okay , but this really does n't affect any of my points in any way . 
  i 'm all for punishing extremism , but that seems a little harsh !, 
   yes absolutely , but calling that person german is still not accurate . 
  why ? 
  you can be an american without having parents that lived in the region for hundreds of years , why should n't you be able to be a german ?
