  if that sentence was `` rebels supported by russia are bombarding ukrainian city xy '' , would you accuse it of being propaganda ? 
  what you are doing is seeing them critisizing both parties as evidence for them supporting russia , however they are simply critical of both russia and nato , in an attempt to avoid breaches of international law to further any countries interests in the future . 
  so critisizing actions taken by the west immideatly makes you a fan of putin ? 
  people like you are no better than russians fully supporting current russian foreign policy , look at international politics objectively , not from the perspective of the side you like better . 
  they are not the ones spreading propaganda , you are . 
  you are falsely accusing parties whom you dislike of supporting authoritarian regimes simply because they do not fully stand behind every action nato takes like you do . 
   alright , then tell me about those `` evil fascist ukrainians '' `` die linke '' was always talking about and how russia did the `` right thing '' in invading and annexing crimea . 
  how about you provide a source for this claim ? 
  because , while there definetely are some who endorse many things russia does , even in their leadership , most of their comments about it were in the spirit of [ this ] ( http://www.linksfraktion.de/im-wortlaut/krieg-kein-verstaendnis/ ) , which basically states that russia annexing the crimean peninsula was horrible , but western nations need to stop breaking international law ( e.g. 
  kosovo , syria ) if they want their criticism of others doing it to be taken seriously . 
  they were also the only german party to actually critisize the one sided reporting of our media about the ukrainian crisis . 
  if you do not believe that that is a thing , [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsofq7tgtlg ) a humoristic look at it ( has english subtitles ) . 
  die linke is heavily critical of nato , but most of their popular politicians , e.g. 
  gregor gysi routinely criticise both russian and western international politics , which is completely reasonable to me . 
  i 'm not a fan of equating pegida with national socialism , but how anyone at those demonstrations can seriously stay there and applaud while someone so full of shit is producing such a large quantity of verbal diarrhea is beyond me . 
  [ its quite clear whose style he is emulating ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q--dtvaso9y ) . 
  yeah , you 're probably right , i 'm just not 100 % happy with the far left terminology since it is a very diverse party and many of their members are social democrats that have lost their faith into our social democratic party, 
  you do n't really know much about the party at all , you are either misinformed or simply ignorant . 
  their ideology is democratic socialism , and while there definetely are communists and east-german romanticists within the party , its definetely not left-wing extremist . 
  they do want to move away from capitalism , but democratically moving away from something is n't really what i would call `` overthrowing '' . 
  if a party like this would not be legal in your country , i am seriously worried about your countries democracy . 
  theres no real reason to ban it unless you want to ban all political ideas that are n't conservative capitalism . 
  its not quite as simple , die linke was founded in 2005 , when the pds ( party of democratic socialism , the successor to the socialist party that ruled eastern germany in a one party state ) and the wasg ( a left wing movement mainly made up of social democrats that were frustrated with the conservative economic policies of germanys social democratic party ) there are a few communists and traditional socialists in the party , but its main ideology is that of democratic socialism . 
  whether or not democratic socialism counts as `` far-left '' depends on your personal view i guess . 
  there is an enourmus difference between the eastern bloc regimes of the past and modern leftist parties in europe , equating the two does n't make much sense . 
  ehh what ? 
  they heavily critisize russias involvement in syria and while parts of the party are definetely too friendly towards russia they have critisized for example russian airstrikes in syria on multiple occasions . 
  this has been banworty for decades though , they 're just enforcing it online now . 
  once they move on from banning hate speech to banning opinions i 'll get worried , but critisizing refugees is still completely ok , you 're just no longer allowed to call for their extermination, 
  we have laws against hate speech in germany , and since there are many people commenting below any article related to refugees that they should killed , drowned and whatnot , there have been attempts to curtail this, 
  ahh yes , the only my opinion could possibly differ from yours is obviously that i am brainwashed ... 
  so because their religion is used to propagate secism all muslims are sexist ? 
  well , its pretty much the same with any religion , those who take it too seriously and see it as more important will always be a problem , but as the article i posted states , that is not the case for most of our muslim citizens . 
  i absolutely love how you wrote a comment about how one should not dismiss those whom they disagree with and then proceed to dismiss me by telling me to grow up ... 
   it 's needed to compesate the lack of quality :-) heresy !, 
  german humor best humor !, 
  but hey , its ok if you suck at humor as well , its difficult to get right , especially when there are many people that get upset at satire :d, 
  i agree that the last year was quite chaotic , and while i do believe that we have dealt rather well with the large amount of refugees we have taken in , i release that we sadly ca n't always act on our idealism and have things end optimally that way . 
  you do sum up my biggest fears about this whole situation . 
  the whole eu has been extremely disorganized in its response to this crisis and we in germany are extremely dependent on unsalaried citizens . 
  i do n't think that our country will go down over a few refugees , but the future will tell whether or not both them and us are willing to work for their integration, 
  there definetely are many muslims that value islam more than our values , my point was simply that we should not draw conclusions about all muslims after looking at a few . 
  well , i would n't call die hard muslims progressive either and you are certainly not racist for pointing that out \\ ^ ^ but , as i pointed out , 80 % of our muslim citizens * are * actually integrating , they * are * accepting our values , they are what you could call progressive . 
  hmm , to be honest i am not exactly a fan of the term political correctness , because i often feel it is thrown at any one that does not agree to the values of the ones using said word . 
  i do not deny that there are problems however , cologne is an example of that , but you must understand that these are exceptions , not the rule . 
  i 've lived in germany for all my life , and i have never personally witnissed this horrible impact muslims are supposed to have , indeed save for one exceptions every muslim i know is very well integrated ( which definetely is influenced by me knowing very few first generation immigrants ) well , of course there are other safe countries on the way to germany but since germany and maybe sweden are the only european countries that were really willing to take in refugees for an extended period of time . 
  they are not allowed to stay in greece , italy or wherever , so obviously they move to germany . 
  moreover , i just do n't buy the notion that people take an extremely dangerous and unsafe trip through the mediterranian simply to collect european welfare benefits . 
  well , believeing that any countries intelligence agency is working for the betterment of humanity is quite naive, 
  hmm , well , the most popular form of satire in germany is probably `` kaberett '' , which is most of the time highly critical of our politics and feels very dominated by leftist criticisms ( to be honest i do not know any right wing satirical magazine/show in germany , but i guess apart from refugees they would n't have much to make fun of \\ ^ \\ ^ ) hmm , i guess many people ( especially left wingers ) would get upset about a song in the way you described , simply because the refugee crisis is such a controversial topic and we have , as a country , experienced what racism can turn into . 
  the only thing kind of similar is [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m_fey0akaw ) . 
  it heavily critisizes modern germany while borrowing parts of its melody and text from an old nationalist song called [ `` die wacht am rhein '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/die_wacht_am_rhein ) heres a rough translation i quickly made : * dear fatherland , you searched for many hours , finally found a new way out of dark depth * * i love you , which means i like you * * as i would like , a dignified tired old man . 
  i can not love truly love you , with my heart , too much you still owe to us , which you were to bring . 
  freedom , you promised to all of us , but only the chosen ones are able to enjoy it . 
  * * dear fatherland , put your mind at rest , the ones in power close of forests , and shore , and children play by the roadside ... * * dear fatherland * * dear fatherland , put your mind at rest . 
  * * dear fatherland , what can i thank you for ? 
  for the palaces you build for insurers and bankers ? 
  * * and for the barracks , and grand military , where thousands of schools are missing , thousand teachers and more !, 
  * * while corporations may excessively unfold , in the dark stand the weak and the elderly . 
  * * for hospitals you seemingly lack millions , but our casinos seem to be paying off . 
  * * dear fatherland , put your mind at rest , the ones in power seal their wealth awayy while the poor ones , wait with empty hands * * dear fatherland ... * ( goes on for a bit , but i think you get the gist of it ) the song came out during the 70s and enraged patriots and even many conservatives all throughout germany , it questioned not only the achievments the country but also its political system during a time when said system was generally viewed rather favourable , ( atleast compared to the system present in eastern germany ) . 
  i 'd guess that a song such as this would not be quite as controversial today , but that a similar song being made today could still potentially upset many in the right-wing part of our political spectrum, 
  oh yes , we are just as shit !, 
  no one said i could n't dislike multiple governments at once \\ ^ ^, 
  ehh , what ? 
  i specifically said that i do not support his argument , but that it is hypocritical to critisize him and only him for dismissing those he disagrees with when those people are doing the exact same thing . 
  oh , i wonder why our media would release such a documentary , after all / r/europe told me they were all vile communist muslim lovers ... 
  but to actually respond to the video you sent , it does cover our most important problem : ingetration . 
  now , you 'll obviously immideatly cry out that all muslims do not wish to integrate , because after all thats what the 3 they interviewed for the video said , right ? 
  well , its not that easy . 
  see , integration can never work one sided , and it is pretty understandable that many muslims do not want to integrate into a that seems to [ constantly antagonize them ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/muslims-in-germany-study-hints-that-mutual-suspicion-is-slowing-integration-a-818666.html ) while the documentary you posted does cover some problems that we have ( e.g. 
  some muslims refusing to integrate ) it glosses over many other facts , for example , a large amount of german anti-islamism seems unwarranted , as those who are strongly opposed to islam are [ precisely from those regions in which they do not come into contact with many muslims ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/studie-zu-anti-islam-demonstrationen-pegida-hat-ein-integrationsdefizit/11187690.html ) ( article is in german since i could not find an english one quickly ) overall , i believe that we do need to really limit immigration from e.g. 
  northern africa , but that it is horrible to deny entry to those trying to escape war , oppression and starvation simply because we suck at integrating them . 
  even with how badly we are doing , 80 % of muslims that are german citizens identify with german culture and values , and are well integrated into our society , just imagine how well we could be doing if we were n't so cowardly . 
  in germany no one would give a shit , we have quite amazing satire !, 
  its actually pretty much the only reason i turn on the tv every now and then a small example [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1no5dwrqz4 ) !, 
  yeah , i dislike the israeli government quite a bit , but i would n't ever get angry at germans jews because of that , and why would i ? 
  i do n't go around sending angry pms at russians , americans and whatnot on reddit because i dislike their countries foreign policy \\ ^ ^, 
  do n't be silly , we wont have an spd chancellor in the near future , at the moment they seem contect with being buddies with the cdu, 
  well why not , they are our best friends after all and will surely only use that information to benefit us !, 
   what will german state do then ? 
  block all the alternative news sources ? 
  block facebook ? 
  forums ? 
  will they employ former stasi officers ? 
  ehh , i 'm not the biggest fan of our media , i have been ciritical of it for the long time ( its silly that people pretend that this is the first time has reported things wrongly , and that they see it as evidence of some strong leftist bias ) , but this is kinda ridicoulus and would never happen . 
  yeah , thank god people on this subreddit would never do that to non right wingers . 
  i do not support dismissing those whom you disagree with , but lets not pretend that he is the only one doing it . 
  well , the cdu being rather right wing is well within the interests of the spd since it would conceal how far they have moved to the right in many aspects ( economic policy , union rights etc. ), 
  do you have any empirical evidence for that or will you just sit around proclaiming anecdotes ? 
  its kinda sad that integration is something that only pays off in the very long run and because of that is only rarely pursued seriously, 
  oh , i am happy with many things that we have achieved ( i would n't say proud since i am generally only proud of things that i myself achieved ) , its just that i believe that people tend to glorify the past very easily , and that we should always view it objectively . 
  hmm , it may play a role for some people , but i firmly believe that most people ( especially young people , as most younger germans including me do not feel guilty for the things that our grandfathers did ) were in favor of taking in refugees not because they needed to make up for something but believed that it was the right thing to do !, 
  indeed , let me just say that i can definetely see where you are coming from , its just that national pride is not important to me at all and that i view it more negatively than you do . 
  why do people care how we view our past ? 
  many people may see it differently but i personally believe that while there are many things in our history that we can appreciate ( e.g some of the greatest cultural and philosophical works are from germany ) , theres no need to glorify it . 
  i am able to think about the german soldiers that fought in both world wars and understand that many of them were forced into said position , i can feel sorry for these people an appreciate their lifes without having to think `` well it sure was awesome when we invaded france , yeah germany ! '', 
  i 'll not start a discussion about the whole refugee situation because i believe thats not the topic at the moment , but overall i like our lack of nationalism , because i find nationalism quite silly . 
  ( i know that this is highly subjective . ), 
  in the end , i do n't believe that our actions are driven by guilt , its simply that we 've seen what nationalism and xenophobia can do if they get out of control , and that we are more careful because of that .
