  weimar allowed parties that openly wanted to overthrow the constitutional order ( nsdap , kpd ) and while hate speech laws existed they were n't very influential as anti-semitism was rabid . 
  hitler was n't even severely punished after attempting to overthrow the government due to nationalist sympathies . 
  hitler was able to to rise to power because the weimar republic was weak and did not have strong instruments to fight those that openly wanted to destroy it . 
  the federal republic does . 
  they might not seem necessary at the moment and are very rarely used , but should we ever need them we still have them at our disposal . 
   define fascism authoritarian far-right nationalism that seeks to abolish the existing political system in favor of a one party dictatorial state that exerts considerable influence on the lives of its citizens . 
  in general it supports itself by promiting racism , imperialist expansionism and reactionary ideals . 
   congratulations germany , you again went overboard with censorship . 
  some people never seem to learn from past mistakes . 
  does not being able to post hate speech online harm your freedom of expression ? 
  if it does you may want to overthink your political views . 
  fighting hate speech is a part of what we call [ streitbare demokratie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) , as it represents an attack on our democratic order . 
  of course , soros pays me 600 $ per month to spread merkelism-leninism, 
  they do n't have to decide whether it complies with all german laws , this is simply about hate speech . 
  more precisely , its about making sure that anti hate speech rules are strictly enforced . 
  i imagine that both platforms already remove insults and the like in general , but to be honest i do n't know since i do n't use them . 
  you should read up a bit on what they did . 
  the united kingdom was quite oppressive and commited many atrocities in india , africa and even ireland . 
  til not tolerating fascism makes us fascist . 
  your opinion is not being banned . 
  if your opinion is that some people deserve death due to their nationality , religion etc. 
  you will not be allowed to publically advocate for it . 
  he was n't prosecuted for hate speech and not because of his opinion . 
  he was prosecuted because of an old law that made insulting foreign heads of state illegal . 
  a law that will now be repelled . 
  big man , pig man, 
  [ germany ] ( https://i.reddituploads.com/9facb03c27c44be9881caeb2cc8c058b?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=a9a53ead8dd151dbaf1c5f51601439fb ) ^ s ^ o ^ o ^ n, 
  he literally said  the greek flag is waving on 18 islands . 
  these islands belong to us . 
  i think it is an issue because all the major parties in a country catering to this kind of nationalism could really blow up in your face . 
   they were taken off of us more than one hundred years ago . 
  that a majority still advocates seizing a few islands just because they were once `` yours '' is silly . 
  i simply find rethoric of this kind extremely worrying . 
  nationalism does n't have to be destructive expansionism . 
  sadly it often is and that seems to be the case here . 
  well its the leader of the party saying he wants turkey to take control of greek islands right ? 
  to me that seems like a pretty clear statement in favor of expansionist nationalism , and its something that i will always criticise . 
  i absolutely would n't put them on one level with mhp , who seem to be pretty much right-wing extremists ( correct me if i am wrong ) . 
  still , it would be very nice if chp could get rid of its nationalist wing , because every relevant party catering to nationalists can really hurt a country in the long run . 
   the greek flag is waving on 18 islands . 
  these islands belong to us . 
  this goes far beyond calling a bluff . 
  he is stating the he supports the idea but does not believe that akp will put it into practice . 
  oh great , so he 's just doing it to prove that he is more nationalistic than the ruling party , how comforting . 
  wanting to annex parts of neigbooring countries is too crazy in my book . 
  just because others are even worse does n't make it right . 
  so basically the three largest turkish parties are all crazy nationalists . 
  how nice . 
  they all get 600 $ from soros for being there , eh ? 
  its nice to be a part of the waffeln-ss !, 
  i do n't think so , neo nazis are scum and deserve to be called out, 
  [ european superstate intensifies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnzonltp7tm ), 
  saying that someone was an evil human does n't really dehumanize them , does it ? 
  i believe a person is defined by their actions . 
  hitler was n't born evil , but his actions were some of the most horrible any human has ever commited , which makes him pretty much completely evil in my book . 
   i disagree . 
  i value critical thinking far too much to do so . 
  believing that literally every side always has a point and that no action ever has any objective morality is not critical thinking - its simply naive . 
   it was n't . 
  the way the aftermath of ww1 was handled certainly contributed to an environment susceptible to strong-men , the us even advised against it to prevent a second war , and then there 's the joint invasion of poland starting the war proper with the ussr . 
  the french institutionalized racism , teaching french children to not look at germans , do n't speak to them , because they 're inferior beings , and so and so forth . 
  thats not how this works . 
  the treaty of versailles was harsh but very comparable to what germany forced onto russia . 
  circumstances were bad but the other powers even appeased the germans for a long time , giving them what they wanted . 
  the germans back then did n't support hitler because they had no other choice , they supported him because they were militaristic , anti-semitic and were more than happy to give their country to a dictator to see it once against become powerful . 
  had hitler not gained power the war as we know it simply would n't have happened . 
   he had good sides as well . 
  it was just a human after all . 
  thats what makes him so horrible . 
  he lived is happy life and loved his dogs while at the same time causing the deaths of tens of millions . 
  i do n't care whether he thought he was doing good things or if he was nice to friends . 
  he caused some of the most horrible events in human history and would have done far worse things had he not been stopped . 
  i just refuse to accept this `` there is no black and white '' idea when it comes to nazis in general . 
  its a terrible ideology that should never again get any hold in society . 
  your trick is nice however !, 
   germany was n't solely responsible for ww2 uhh , yeah , it kinda was . 
   germany was n't the only country to commit crimes against humanity or other sort of brutality no , but nobody claims that anyway . 
   hitler was n't 100 % from left toe to right index finger evil . 
  actually yes , he pretty much was . 
   hitler was only trying to regain territory lost after world war 1 . 
  this is just straight up neo-nazi rethoric . 
  what a dirty fascist pig . 
  thats the thing , there is n't much else we can do to both deter russia from going further and avoid escalating the situation any further, 
  does this take different definitions of rape etc. 
  into account ? 
  if so , nice job poland !, 
  what is your proposed course of action ? 
  thats just outright wrong . 
  we have both refugees fleeing from european countries ( ukraine ) and refugees from countries affected by civil war or terrorism ( syria , iraq etc. ), 
  the most common countries of origin in germany are syria , afghanistan and iraq . 
  in all of these countries a large amount of the population is exposed to isis , terrorism or civil war . 
  there are also asylum seekers from e.g. 
  north africa , and obviously are not refugees . 
  people from eastern ukraine are most certainly refugees , but the vast majority of ukranian territory is still peaceful , and i was under the impression that most of the ukranians in poland are from those areas . 
  please correct me if i am wrong . 
  i know that poland has taken in many refugees from ukraine , and that is certainly a wonderful thing . 
  i was however under the impression that most of those currently migrating to poland were from the peaceful parts of ukraine , and mostly leaving because of economic concerns . 
  please correct me if i am wrong . 
  the most common countries of origin for asylum seekers in germany are syria , afghanistan and iraq , all of which are n't exactly peaceful currently ... 
  while i dislike our politicians rethoric in that matter , it was never about migrants , it was always about refugees .
