  i 'm not even swedish and it makes me angry, 
  come on now , the two are hardly comperable . 
  the baltics were ruled by moscow against their will as recently as 2 and a half decades ago . 
  many still remember those times . 
  i 'm not saying that every fear is reasonable , but russia is actively invading two of its neighboors currently , so it is understandable that many of its other neighboors are worried . 
  / r/europe is very islamophobic , more so than the general populance . 
  not sure how its looking in the rest of europe but atleast in germany sweden is looked at very favorably, 
  given their history with russia and the actions russia is taken towards ukraine and georgia in the last decade , i do n't think its that difficult to see why eastern europe , especially the baltic countries , are worried about russian foreign policy . 
  and it will be !, 
  this whole nuclear thing will never catch on !, 
  i 'd guess that he has conservative/reactionary worldviews and therefore likes politicians that represent these values, 
  are you seriously implying that the united states were more important for the entente victory in world war one than france ? 
  without france russia would have collapsed in the first years of the war , ending it before it ever really began . 
  while germany got close to paris , they never acquired it , and despite loosing massive amounts of territory the french never lost spirit . 
  poor slavic greece thing and serbia with water :(, 
  to be fair , as horrible as the situation in these countries was under soviet rule , i 'd still say it was better than what the [ nazis had in mind ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ) edit : in case it was n't clear , i do not want to downplay the suffering in those countries or endorse any of the actions taken by the soviet union in that timeframe . 
  i do understand , and i disagree . 
  its not exactly fair either to generalize migrants as `` uncivilized , unchecked '' mobs . 
  this may seem weird to you , but some people do believe that the bigger picture is an important part of their daily lives . 
  besides , if not for media i would n't know anything about the refugee crisis since i have n't felt any of its effects , making your argument irrelevant . 
  how do you make something real that already is real ? 
   i already wrote that : he is so afraid of change that would affect his everyday life only marginally , if at all , but he has no fear of changes that lead to people getting hurt , raped or killed . 
  interesting that you consider the effect of the state of democracy in a country as something that `` only marginally , if it all '' affects peoples daily lives . 
  because it is far more important than that , and dramatizing the effects of a few thousand refugees/migrants in a country with millions of inhabitants wont change that . 
   he seems to be so embedded in a system of ideals , dreams and political theory that he became detached from reality . 
  i wonder who else would fit this description ... 
  what is so odd about being afraid or scared of political change in such a direction ? 
  you can see the shit thats going on in poland currently and op likely fears that the fp\u00d6 may lead austria into a similar direction . 
  so were not allowed to dislike or as you out it `` be afraid '' of a party simply because the majority favors it ? 
  thats not how democracy works . 
   what i do n't understand about your kind is how you can seriously be so afraid about a party that wants to strengthen national identity and the enforcement of laws because believe it or not , some people are n't exactly fond of parties that are best friends with the front national . 
  same here . 
  while i would n't say that it was some sort of liberation day for us since you can not exactly liberate someone from themselves , i do believe that it is a day that we can and should celebrate . 
  i did n't know bad teeth were a european value as well , 
  while they certainly are n't as influential as trump on average , looking at austria or poland we 're getting rather close sadly, 
  my best guess is that its got to be people that do n't thinking comparing postwar germany and todays greece is fair, 
  no problem mate !, 
  how exactly is this a perk of having a dictator ? 
  this is hardly a new idea , similar policies were enacted under democratic governments in e.g. 
  the united states all the way back in the 19th century . 
  well , atleast i 'm taller than the average frenchman , better than nothing, 
  just wanted to comment this as well . 
  i do believe we would have recovered eventually , but it would n't have been nearly as quick and fast had we not gotten the vast amount of support we were given . 
  ahh , thats what he was going by , thanks !, 
  i do find it a bit odd however that they would include assaults seemingly without specifically defining them , leave out healthcare etc. 
  - but i suppose there are just too many metrics that factor into safety to collect them all, 
  [ thank you superior eastern european for telling me about my country . 
  your opinion is very valuable . 
  we beg you to forgive us for being such regressive left commies . 
  can i have your muslims now ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4cpe94/be_deutsch_achtung_germans_on_the_rise_from_the/d1kb7vu ) not saying that his criticism is entirely valid , but a comment about poland does not become irrelevant simply because the author is not from poland . 
  where are you getting that information ? 
  there are many european countries with lower crime rates ^ [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp ) ^ [ [ 2 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) and higher life expectancy ^ [ [ 3 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_life_expectancy ) . 
  are there any predictions on how polands deficit will look by the end of the year ? 
  everyone get back home , some guy on reddit said it does n't matter !, 
  ahh come on , putin was voted in as well and nothing ever went wrong !, 
  considering that pis is actively attempting to untermine the polish constiutional tribunal , i would consider this very much a pro-democracy protest . 
  people fear that polish democracy might be severely damaged by the next election cycle . 
  10/10 discussion contribution . 
  well , countries can only join if they fulfill all [ conditions for membership ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/index_en.htm ) , so turkey , ukraine etc. 
  joining the eu in their current state is simply impossible . 
  this is pretty much what the average consenseus is among german parties as well ( except the afd maybe ) . 
  we generally like the idea of having turkey in the eu but only if they comply with its regulations, 
  i mean turkey joining the eu would only ever happen if it complied with all the needed regulations , and in that case i personally would support it as it has strong cultural and economic ties with europe . 
  if we follow this logic we basically encourage ethnically cleansing areas , which is why all the `` x is indigenous to y '' arguments are a bit silly in my opinion . 
  demographics change all the time , theres no point in wanting to roll back time . 
  irelands gdp is highly inflated as it is somewhat of a tax haven , the people do n't really gain much out of it . 
  well , they did call you guys the prussia of the balkans back then , so if anyone down there is allowed to anschluss its you, 
  we should make a blue banana fedaration and impress everyone with our population density !, 
  its actually the reason we are taking in refugees , we 'll take from you the thing you hold most dear , wahahahaha !, 
  they even managed to make the scots agree with donald trump , quite an achievement if i dare say so !, 
  maybe they confused glasgow and . . uhh . . 
  do n't be so hard on him , swedes are really just temporarilly embarassed germans , and as everyone knows germans can not into joke, 
  you 're just more hardcore than the rest of us, 
  relax guys , you can all be german , theres enough room for everybody !, 
   what 's not working is reforming the eu institutions . 
  we 've been increasingly isolated in trying that . 
  thats because the united kingdom desires different european institutions than much of the continent . 
  eu institutions constantly change as i described earlier . 
   the lisbon treaty is a step backwards . 
  that is simply your opinion and you are not even backing it up with anything . 
   or forwards towards federal europe with an unaccountable court making the real decisions and allowing no real governance to accountable bodies , much less national parliaments . 
  i do agree that it is a step towards a federal europe , it actually strengthened democratic instutions . 
  of course , political integration always comes at the comes at the cost of national sovereignity . 
   the eu is doubling down on the euro without sorting its underlying problems that make it unworkable . 
  this will just exacerbate the current imbalances . 
  for budgetary decisions , the eurozone will bloc-vote and as more decisions are only required qmv , we wo n't be able to stop a single thing obviously the euro has problems currently , but many stem from the countries actually not acting unified and not having a common goal in mind , something that further integration could fix . 
   the eu will continue imposing frameworks to the judiciary of the member states . 
  so far we have n't been able to block anything . 
  we 've tried 72 times ( last time i checked , earlier this year ) and we have succeeded zero time . 
  its not exactly `` imposing '' if the countries are making the decision to adhere the eus rulings . 
  as i said before , integration will always result in lowered national sovereignity . 
   the eu has clearly overreached geographically and given it 's centralised approach this will cause a lot of migratory imbalances . 
  looking at previous fiascos you 'd think they learnt the lesson , but alas , they have n't . 
  imo it has already surpassed what was sustainable with free movement of people ( or `` of workers '' as the germans are re-framing it now ) . 
  eh , while there are obvious economic differences between the northern european countries and those in the south and east , i still believe that both can profit from increased european trade . 
  overall the free movement was made out to be an enormous issue when poles , hungarians etc. 
  got the rights to come to germany but nothing bad happened , indeed , with the shrinking workforce of many western european countries , european immigration is extremely helpful . 
   the eu army idea keeps coming and eventually we 'll be sucked into it if we remain in the eu . 
  it 's a terrible idea .
