  this again is just a sign of further integration . 
  its alright if you do not like it , but that does n't make it bad . 
   the election of juncker , despite the uk 's complete opposition , sealed the deal on what the future of the eu looks like . 
  ahh , so the problem with the eu is that they vote for the people they like instead of those the united kingdom likes ? 
  yeah right . 
   in any case going back to something more like the prior eec we 'd still be able to work in these areas . 
  again , the only reason you seem to believe the eu is moving the wrong way is because it is moving towards further integration . 
  you have to accept however that that is what many european countries favor , even if the uk dislikes it . 
   nice straw man . 
  did i say that well , you kinda did :  it 's not working . 
  the way i understood it you meant the act of reforming it and not the eu itself , but it is easy to misinterpret . 
  besides , i do not believe that we can rightly say the european union is moving in the wrong direction . 
  the lisbon treaty of 2009 vastly increased the influence of the european parliament , and it is likely that this trend will continue , with the parliament gaining more and more power . 
  the last european elections also took it a step further , with the president of the european commision being decided by parliament . 
  from what i have heard , it is also likely the the right of initiative will also move to the european parliament in the future , further strengthening its position . 
  overall , things are moving slowly , mostly because every member state has to agree to these changes and many are sceptical/outright opposed to further strengthening european institutions . 
  i would be interested in hearing which specific aspects of the eu have moved `` in the opposite direction '' and where `` our efforts have failed completely '' in your opinion . 
  i think the issue with that is more than similar institutions ca n't be created at the moment due to patents . 
  however , i do maintain that while flawed , these rules are more effective at giving artists a fair share than simple agreements with e.g. 
  so why should google be excempt from rules that apply to other comparable services ? 
  all other services that use gema music pay these fees , i do n't see why google should be allowed to pay less or nothing at all . 
  and if google , pretty much the largest company worldwide had paid a couple of cents per video there would n't have been any issue , but they did n't . 
  well , it was about money that youtube had to pay due to given rules, 
  if you 're reffering to the gema-youtube disagreement it had nothing to do with `` seeing the light '' . 
  youtube did not conform to our rules but in the end the two came to an agreement . 
  the rest of us : `` many religions are hostile to homosexuals '' you : `` no guys its just islam '' the rest of us : `` but what about these examples of other religions being hostile to homosexuals '' you : `` lol leftists do n't ever criticise islam '', 
  britain is not our enemy, 
   i 'm probably gon na get downvoted for this hah . 
  haha !, 
  germany stronk !, 
  your world view is rather simplistic if you simply support every single american intervention without thinking about each instance . 
  `` he 's not even german , he 's austrian ! '', 
  total disgrace . 
  the feeling is mutual < 3, 
  seems to be pretty much just `` trust in authorities '' . 
  that going up is still good however . 
  a stable europe is good , especially for europeans . 
  french people seem very critical of any sort of governance in general, 
  uber deserves the flak it gets because they do not comply with employment rules . 
  not every shitty little app that our sillicon valley overlords produce is the fundamental technological advancement they sell it as . 
  eh , while we love to be critical of it i do believe that we have a very capable bureacracy . 
  there are many issues , but taxation etc. 
  work well and corruption is low . 
  they could have atleast giving kaliningrad to lithuania like they wanted to , it would 've fixed the ugly border mess we currently have there :(, 
  we pretty much use the two interchangeably as the left wing has almost always been socially liberal/progressive here , but yeah , your term works as well, 
  being socially progressive , e.g. 
  legalising gay marriage . 
  that does not mean they have shifted there however . 
  economically to the right , socially to the left . 
  from what i have heard about getting drivers license in the u.s , testing is far more strict here, 
  please stop writing words you want to emphasize in allcaps , its just silly . 
  speed limits also have an effect , good luck getting them into law in germany however , as we 're a bunch of car fanatics . 
   choice and not dictated measures needs to be the focus of multi speed if it is to go forward . 
  i completely agree . 
  if it does turn into a `` class '' system instead of a system that allows those willing to integrate further i certainly wont support it anymore . 
  i 'm optimistic because i believe that the idea has the potential bring further foreign policy integration , which is very important in my opinion . 
   actually , that 's exactly what it means . 
  hence the schengen area . 
  schengen area is not a very good example for multi speed europe in my opinion , as there are a few non-eu countries involved and it is not subject to the enhanced cooperation mechanism . 
  that said i do strongly support romania and bulgaria joining schengen . 
  i think the euro is a better example of multi-speed europe . 
  not forcing all members to adopt it makes sense since we need to ensure that introducing the euro does not harm the potential members , but it could present a framework for e.g. 
  further military integration . 
  various countries may wish the integrate their armed forces further , but others like ireland or sweden might not support this idea . 
  by using the enhanced cooperation mechanism eu countries could move ahead despite the idea not enjoying support in the whole eu . 
  inclusive institutions are institutions that create an incentive for the individual to innovate by rewarding them . 
  e.g rule of law is very important for this , as they ensure that the individual will always benefit from his own actions . 
  under an absolute monarchy , these circumstances rarely exist . 
  i do also have a question for you . 
  how do you deal with people demanding political participation in a monarchy ? 
  do you simply surpress them ? 
   correlation does not imply causation . 
  there is a massive amount of correlation however . 
  `` why nations fail '' is a great book and subject and it shows just how important inclusive institutions are , which mostly do not exist in absolutistic states . 
  its an old poster from when nato , european cooperation etc. 
  we 're just beginning , thus it does n't represent the newer members sadly, 
  multi speed does not mean that certain countries get preferential treatment , it just means that some can further integrate in any given area if they believe it is a good idea . 
  if other nations see that it works they are always free to join . 
  the entire point of the borg is that they take independence away -, 
  that 's really not what the borg said it all, 
  nobody wants to force it !, 
  federal europe can only ever be established with a democratic mandate . 
   we have the us and russia as examples of how this worked out . 
  it 's not good . 
  russia was n't exactly a beacon of democracy before it became a federation , and the u.s. was very advamced amd democratic when it was formed , its just that its system did not age very well . 
   the eu is great but only as long as members are enticed to play along with each other . 
  that incentive goes away under a federation and countries can quickly become rich or poor states . 
  why would this be the case ? 
  in e.g. 
  germany the economically stronger states support the weaker ones , and its criticised a lot less compared to similar eu measures as we 're one country . 
  equal member means that the people have the exact same rights . 
  you could make the argument that larger states would `` dominate '' the smaller ones , but that is n't really the case in federal countries like the u.s. or germany , because even the larger entities have neither the influence nor the ambition to dominate the union . 
  you 're always welcome !, 
  people do tend to downvote on disagree , but i doubt that will ever change sadly . 
  thank you !, 
  who were these many voices exactly ? 
  be specific please . 
  i should have said eu members , not europe , sorry . 
  what ? 
  when have they ever said that ?
