  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're bringing shitposts . 
  they 're bringing downvotes . 
  they 're brigaders . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . 
  happens to the best of us !, 
  ahh sweden , please never change < 3, 
  what exactly is she doing with that newspaper ? 
  oh and happy birthday italy !, 
  i do n't think you know what fascist means, 
  ahh sorry , misunderstood your comment , 
  thats an explanation though , not a justification . 
  a horrible disaster took place in 2008 . 
  we lost to spain in the euro 2008 finals !, 
  they simply believe that the risks are too great , and that the potential gains are not substantial enough to take these risks . 
  not everything that does against your opinion is `` fearmongering '' , especially not this article as it simply presents the point of few that most leading economists hold . 
  screaming `` fearmongering '' everytime someone presents an argument for their views makes you seem rather silly . 
  if i remember correctly it is compulsory for all above the age of 16 to either have a passport or an identity card . 
  those are countries entirely different from germany though , 15 % of our population are immigrants and this has obviously influenced our culture significantly . 
   the plan involves other countries annexing germany into their countries ( and giving the people citizenship ) . 
  how did you get to slaughtering ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany_must_perish !, 
  besides , it should be obvious that this would have lead to an emormus amount of conflict as e.g. 
  in czechia the germans would either be repressed or soon would dominate the country due to their higher numbers . 
  integrating a highly nationalistic population into states dominated by other cultures is not as easy as you seem to believe , just look at how strong the irish desire for independence was even after hundreds of years of english/british rule . 
   i never said i was for it . 
  also poland did exactly that post ww2 , they annexed all of prussia and 200km of what was the eastern side of germany . 
  there is a strong difference between expelling a population to a nearby nation state that will accept them and outright murdering them all , which is what would happen in the given plan . 
  i do n't really care what most want , i am specifically asking you . 
  because i believe it is fundamentally wrong and quite frankly disgusting to `` not be against '' the slaughter of millions , no matter for what purpose . 
  what exactly is your justification for ethnically cleansing tens of millions then ? 
  revenge ? 
  ah yes , because literally every muslim is a religious radical . 
   explain what you meant by this , then . 
  if the german electorate voted npd into power , you would support overturning that democratic process yes . 
  but that is not because `` i disagree with them '' , but because this is a part of our constitutional law . 
  i specifically stated that was not true . 
  i disagree with the afd on most issues but would not support overruling democracy if they got into power . 
  if a neo-nazi party like the npd got into power however i would support it . 
  huh , her colleague to the right does have one , not sure if she did something to make them stop ? 
  just seems like they passed one to her but she did n't want to wave a flag around, 
  she does n't feel the need to wave around our flag ? 
  i do n't really see why this would be a big deal . 
  just a friendly reminder that you should read the article before freaking out about this . 
  i think it depends . 
  if an openly anti-semitec , highly racist party like the german npd came to power i would absolutely support attempts to reduce their influence . 
  it seems rather unlikely however that parties this extreme will soon gain power atleast in western europe . 
  while i strongly dislike e.g. 
  the fp\u00d6 or afd , i believe that acting out against them like this is counterproductive and dangerous for our democracy . 
   welcome to the new soviet union . 
  for the love of god , even if you hate the eu leadership a lot , please do not compare them to an authoritarian state that oppressed millions . 
  it diminishes the suffering of those that had to endure living under this regime and is just all around silly . 
   hoo boy , if we go by epic neo-nazi graffiti on abandoned buildings , then why do n't the jews , for example , complain about their oppression ? 
  because they do not feel that most of the society supports this discrimination , whereas the tatars seem to do so . 
   as for the ownership and attitude , russia is 80.9 % russian , sure we act like we run the place . 
  in crimea , russian and ukrainian population put together equal to the same ~ 80 % , while the tatars sit at around 10 % . 
  should a minority govern ? 
  no ethniticy has to , and should govern alone . 
  democracies need to not only follow the will of majority but also protect their minorities from said majority . 
  because the cdu does not discriminate its members by ethniticy ? 
   compare current politics to politics 20 , 30 or 50 years ago , and the political mainstream in the west is definitely left-wing . 
  depends what you look at . 
  socially we have moved further to the left , however with regards to economic policy there has been a shift towards the right , favoring austerity , privatezing public goods etc. 
  applying definitions of the past also really does not make much sense . 
  if we compare today to a hundred years ago , when europe was mostly ruled by monarchs we 'd all seem very far-left , its just that this comparison is very silly . 
   there is huge unrest whenever a european government tries to pass budget cuts on welfare or health care . 
  is this really surprising ? 
  many voters feel left behind , which is part of the reason why the put their faith in right-wing and far-right parties . 
   the french are hugely angry about a socialist president not being socialist enough . 
  funny that you should mention a country that has moved to the right in recent years . 
   in europe , the united states and australia , it is actually controversial to support enforcing existing immigration laws . 
  because clearly the people believe these laws are flawed . 
   university students are massively left-wing , more than ever before , and are in some cases actively seeking to purge ` uncomfortable ' opinions from campuses . 
  students have always tended to be more idealistic than the older generations . 
  it can be problematic but has also had [ many positive effects ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protests_of_1968 ) , especially here in germany . 
   turns out yuri bezmenov was right after all . 
  ohh , all leftists are just angry because communism did n't work then , right . 
  great analysis . 
  its almost as if the populations of different countries have , by large , different political views . 
  `` i 'm not right-wing , the others are just extremely left-wing ! '', 
  his party is aligned with the fn in the european parliament , strongly anti-islamic and loves trump-esque `` anti-establishment '' positions . 
  in relation to austrian moderates they definetely are right-wing or even far-right . 
  im torn between finding their stupid presentation funny and finding the fact that they 're glorifying this piece of weaponry like some sort of fantastic , life-changing invention disgusting . 
  why would they stay in countries that obviously do not want to harbor them if there are others that have expressed their will to do so ? 
  you could make the argument that austria is considered western whereas hungary is not , still does seem rather weird though as both are obviously in the eu and the east-west split seems to become less and less important, 
  i hope that we can finally control it with mouse and keyboard this time, 
  and i thought we were the coal-meme country :(, 
  but every party is the same anyways !!, 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive , 
   good lord , you 've got to be kidding me . 
  at which point is enough enough ? 
  whats so bad about not judging complex issues simply by events in our near vicinity ? 
  would you start to hate all frenchmen simply because someone from france stole your car ? 
  why would they have confederate flags on government buildings though ? 
  how about , you know , using the actual flag of the government ? 
  i think at this point australians are considered honorary europeans, 
  look at you guys having your country fall under a dictatorship !, 
  loosers !, 
  get away from me , evil demon !,
