  it may just depend on school then , because at my school many people ( including me ) really did like history classes . 
  of course not everyone did but then again i felt that many just hated any class in general . 
  exactly . 
  but according to the average / r/europe visitor , thats just because we are guilt ridden idiots that should glorify our past wars and conquests a bit more because everyone else does it so surely it can not be bad ... 
  german history classes do not exactly glorify our past \\ ^ ^, 
  if you believe india was populated by stoneage tribes when the british arrived there you either have no idea about history or are simply stupid, 
  woops , i thought we were talking about / r/fullcommunism just ignore my comment then \\ ^ ^, 
  i just go there for the memes, 
  was n't ukraine simply not a thing before being established by the russians ? 
  was n't it part of poland-lithuania then russia then soviet union after which it got its independent ? 
  ( of course , ruthenian states did exist before the mongols came ), 
  but hitler did n't build it . . 
  is `` let 's not do it like the anglo-saxon '' an effective political argument ? 
  i really hope you guys will . 
  times have been hard for france recently but please , oh please , do n't do what they did !, 
  uhmm , what ? 
  so what exactly is going on ? 
  this is what i am focusing my thoughts on to atleast feel like something good could come out of this ... fuck this year, 
  you helped make us a democratic country !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ... twice, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  / r/russiadenies, 
  lets not drag kebab into this, 
  someone translate these memes for me please, 
  come on just join us it 'll be fun !, 
  france , poland and all the others are also coming !, 
  romania is the true successor to rome, 
  which makes sense because you 'd either have to pick one language or have the text in 24 different ones, 
  thats pretty scary to be honest, 
  dude , stop leaking phase 2, 
  is renzi that bad ? 
  yeah kinda , thats why op used latin !, 
  it really should be in bulgarian , croatian , czech , danish , dutch , english , estonian , finnish , french , german , greek , hungarian , irish , italian , latvian , lithuanian , maltese , polish , portuguese , romanian , slovak , slovene , spanish and swedish, 
  and we are all europeans . 
  [ heres ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjx9qagwik8 ) some good material if you want to finish quickly, 
  i know literally nothing about bulgarian politics but i 'm curious - what makes him your favourite president ? 
   its the same as saying every german has links to the nazis . 
  this is true . 
  but means less than nothing . 
  thats exactly what someone with nazi links would say, 
   and direct democracy is better than representative democracy . 
  why ? 
  its a mix of anti-establishment left/right-wingers , anti-americans that believe america evil -  russia good , xenophobes , homophobes and lots of other small sub groups . 
  its a bigger problem in the formarly communist east when compared to the west . 
  too many of my countrymen , sadly . 
  while the silent majority is less fond of him , there are many , especially on the left and right end of the spectrum that have a ridicoulus amount of trust in him . 
  while i believe that russia invading finland or the baltics is borderline impossible in the near future , they 've invaded two of their neighboors in the last decade . 
  can you blame their other neighboors for being worried ? 
  this is also the entire reason why the baltics want more european/nato troops . 
  they are not sure whether we 'd do anything in the event that they were occupied by an invading force . 
  and looking at how much our population adores putin , i ca n't really blame them ... 
  german bakeries also generally suck at making good croissants, 
  your `` solution '' made about as much sense as cutting off a leg because you had a stubbed toe, 
  while it is obviously unlikely that erdogan would be stupid enough to seize greek territory , outright claiming other states ' land is far more dangerous than simple populism . 
  we can not allow it to become accepted as it stirs nationalism and jingoism . 
  wait , '' - gate '' is still around ? 
  ours keep spewing bullshit to get attention only to backpedal two days later, 
  deus not vult at all :(, 
  same situation here in germany , there have been attempts at political interference at times , but mostly state funded media is indpendent . 
  it simply ca n't be compared to the pure propaganda that is russia today, 
   unfortunately , of course . 
  also tourism, 
   nationalist meme party this is now my favourite term, 
  the ottoman empire was extremely backwards at the time of its collapse . 
  sadly the oppertunity to set up strong , inclusive states in the region was not seized , leading to many of the troubles that we face today . 
  so , when are you submitting your bid to join the eu ? 
  read your comments again , you started by talking about rapes and switched to reported rapes when you realised you were losing the argument . 
  just shows how much of a liar you are , 
  i do not deny that . 
  but you need to understand that reported rapes do not equal actual rapes . 
  if we consider the statistics worldwide there 's probably even a negative correlation between the two . 
  you are not . 
  you are comparing the reported rape of rates from various countries , and , knowing that these statistics are not comparable due to reasons that i 've previously stated , you present them as facts . 
  rape statistics are absolutely irrelevant if every country has different definitions and report rates on the matter . 
  you 're attempting to present these statistics as facts when they can not be regarded such due to the way they are created . 
  you 're not a smart one , are you ? 
  sweden has a large amount of sexual assaults since their laws are much stricter and their report-rates far higher . 
  if you 're forced to lie to convince others of your views , they might not be the most objective ones . 
  i will never not laught at this . 
  * roaring applause *, 
  sometimes its good to give ratheads attention . 
  makes more people realize what their nature is . 
  oh god . 
  best of luck for the future uk ... you 'll need it, 
   but the panicking over the migrant issue was somewhat justified i think . 
  look , i can understand criticising the way it was handled by merkel , but claiming that `` public order is about to collapse '' simply is not fit for a high ranking politician . 
   what 's wrong with helmut kohl ? 
  he was n't horrible , my biggest point of contention with him is probably his misandling of german reunification . 
  overall , i just do n't believe he is what we currently need . 
  social inequality has risen sharply and many of become disenfranchised , leading to them turning to parties such as the afd . 
  a helmut kohl type politician would not do much to improve upon this in my opinion . 
  but to be honest , i believe the most important thing is that either spd or cdu is not part of our government after the next elections . 
  the two ruling together has simply lead to them becoming too close to each other , causing a whole slew of problems . 
   would the spd go into coalition with die linke ? 
  i thought there was some kind of cordon sanitaire around them on the national level ? 
  it would be a first , but it is definetely more likely than it ever was before . 
   also , what 's wrong with seehofer ? 
  he [ sucks up to putin , and believes he is in any position to do foreign policy ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2015-12/ukraine-konflikt-horst-seehofer-sanktionen-russland ) , [ participated in the afd 's panicking as far as a year ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=angwmn2grzy ) and [ wants even more arms trade with saudi arabia ] ( http://www.merkur.de/politik/seehofer-besuch-saudi-arabien-ticker-4921562.html ) . 
  the man is a populist , he is not fit to lead germany . 
   germany just needs another helmut kohl ... what a man he was  no .
