  as i said elsewhere , at the end of the war germans were promising to restore independence to baltic states . 
  how exactly is any of this speculations when we know that they did this to the poles and know from documents and testimonies that they planned to do it to russians , ukranians etc. 
   and i have not heard of nazis especially targeting russians , ukrainians or belorussians on racial grounds . 
  you should maybe go read a history book about german treatment of soviet pow 's and the so called hunger plan then . 
  hmm , i 've always been under impression that its really only something used in a very ethnocentric , nationalistic context , but i may be wrong about this . 
  sorry then , i have to admit i do not know all too much about romanian or bulgarian culture , i always just assumed romania would be very different due to language . 
  overall i still do believe that most people do n't really care about genetics anymore . 
  ahh yeah , i forgot that its absolutely impossible to destroy documents , how silly of me . 
  i guess the german research foundation was completely wrong with [ all this ] ( http://www.dfg.de/pub/generalplan/index.html ) then . 
  simply stating that the plan does n't exist because it was not completely put into action is pretty naive . 
  even the nazi-leadership was not was not so megalomanic as to resettle hundreds of thousands to regions they might very well lose within the next months . 
  they put their disgusting genocidal ideas into practice in poland , attempting to `` germanise '' its western regions , and we now from their plans that they planned to do this to large parts of eastern europe , had they been able to fully control them . 
  that 's because the plans were deliberately destroyed at the end of the war . 
  we have a testimony from dr. hans ehlich , who was part of the ss and there are numerous documents that refer to it . 
  saying it never existed is pretty ridicoulus . 
   but people love to classify themselves by language family for some reason . 
  i mean why would n't they ? 
  it does n't matter at all to a romanian today how close their genes are to slavs , what matters to them is how similar language and culture are . 
  they 'll take away our queen and our uk and our democracy ahhh, 
  resistance is impolite !, 
  if it makes you feel any better , the rest of germany thinks these ideas are just as stupid as you do, 
  which is probably part of the reason why we like you guys so much, 
  to be fair , germany and france have pretty much been best friends for 5-6 decades now . 
  aww , there there !, 
  how about we get you skane so you can be a big glorious hat ? 
   yesterday it was germany . 
  obviously its a combined franco-german conspiracy to continue to rule of the eu together forever !, 
  could you provide some material on his controversial positions ? 
  most of what i 've read on him seemed rather positive , but i have n't really read much about him , 
  atleast you got some ausgleich later on , 
  except that the eu is not lead by bankers and that `` price-stability '' in an eu-context means that inflation is around 2 % ( therefore its pretty stupid to say that the eu wants to achieve both price stability and deflation at the same time , even if we ignore that the eu does not want deflation at all . ), 
  the eu also does not control the economic policy of its members . 
  the ecb has control of the currency of the countries in the eurozone , however this does not even apply for the united kingdom . 
  ( besides , central banks not being elected actually makes a lot of sense ) overall its a pretty stupid quote in my opinion , and while i have n't taken much time to get familiarized with corbyn he always seemed rather reasonable from the limited information i 've had on him . 
  vil\u00e1gos was an inside job !, 
  never forget !, 
   stalemate on one front does n't count as turning the war around and the `` blockade '' had ended ( unofficially ) by 1916 and following jutland . 
  they still could n't get supplies which lead to hundreds of thousands starving . 
   further , austria-hungary was still capable of gathering supplies via the mediterranean . 
  wrong . 
  austrian adriatic ports had been blockaded by the french since 1914 . 
  in january 1917 , [ almost no goods from overseas were reaching germany . 
  ] ( http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/pathways/firstworldwar/spotlights/p_memo_blockade.htm ), 
  just do both , everyone remembers the great american encirclement of 1918 !, 
   we should have collaborated and helped hitler like the danes did . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  he criticised that it is popular opinion in the united states that the u.s. did the most to defeat national socialist germany . 
  no one in denmark believes that the danes valiantly held of the germans . 
   it means you had essentially lost . 
  it does n't mean anything contribution wise if you lose land , population , cities , infrastructure aside from the fact that you needed help getting it restored . 
  good job fighting them to a standstill ... 
  i guess ... france and britain had turned the war around a long time before the united states joined . 
  they only needed to hold since germany was on a timer due to the naval blockade . 
  \\ + most of poland, 
  i doubt the civilians killed by drone strikes care much whether or not they 're being murdered in the name of fighting terrorism or simple territorial expansion . 
  of course this does not serve as a justification for russian expansionism . 
  woops , looked at the wrong line !, 
  sorry france !, 
  i love how the two highest numbers an that chart are french opinion on germany and german opinion on france, 
  france < 3, 
  stage 2 . 
  them chanting german nazi slogans is pretty stupid considering german nazis would have exterminated their people if given the chance . 
  damn , they even had fuel and parts for our fighters to get them in the air !, 
  its pretty hit and miss sometimes . 
  some aspects are really greatl , i take local trains every morning and they 're pretty much never late . 
  regional its a different story though , with trains often running late . 
  it always fascinates me how much the right-wing cares about where people put their dicks, 
  i am an expert and can confirm that they are, 
   `` why has rt never in it 's history talked ill of putin if it 's so unbiased and great ? '', 
  obviously because he is absolutely perfect !, 
  add to that that most asians in the u.s. have been there for decades while many of the arabs in germany have been here for a year or even less . 
  germany is an arab country as much as the united states are an asian country . 
  not at all . 
  thats mostly a reddit thing really ... 
  with all their glory , and all their horror ? 
  i do n't really understand just how emotional this is for for those people , personally i 'd find it interesting but not really that crazy . 
  then again , ethnic nationalism has always been something i never quite got . 
  great video though , i really like the premise !, 
  this man seems to be doing his best to get more and more insane . 
  i do n't know , they do have some [ pretty dank ] ( http://imgur.com/56nfuop ) ones, 
  football and beer , the two most important german values that none dare to challenge !, 
  i alrady stated that i do not believe their ethnic origin really matters to the bulgarians of today , as language and culture are far more important . 
  really ? 
  watching hollywood movies and learning a secondary language is equivalent to hundreds of years of cultural and linguistic tradition ? 
  it does n't matter that at some point in the past bulgarians spoke a different language , as it has absolutely no effect on todays bulgarians . 
  both macedonia and bulgaria speak slavic languages and are heavily influenced by slavic culture . 
  if that does n't make them slavic i do n't know what does . 
  what exactly is your problem here ? 
  that germany wants poland to follow the eu regulations they agreed to ? 
  that i want to discuss the situation in poland online while being from germany ? 
  i do n't think you realize how important strong democratic instituations are . 
  is there any specific reason as to why they 'd pick romania ? 
  is n't that the german one ? 
  i thought austria had gott erhalte franz den kaiser, 
  thats actually less than i was expecting !, 
  i guess that spotify etc. 
  seem more attractive to most , even if they 're not my cup of tea . 
  holy shit , looks like those smog pictures you see from china every now and then, 
  when the front page sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you .
