  nobody wants to marry someone good at math !, 
  you 're just jealous of his right to be imprisoned !, 
  actually , even the un refers to the hdi as [ `` index of potential human development '' ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/statistics/understanding/indices ) with the ihdi being the `` actual human development '' . 
  adding all the riches in a country and dividing it by the population does n't give you any sense of the actual development of that country . 
  the average slovak lives a more developed life than the average american , and whether you like that or not it is pretty much exactly what an index like this should measure . 
  neither party has officially released a program at this point , but de facto both are campaigning, 
  as someone who does n't know anything about your education system , why is it so bad ? 
  probably my fault , germans can not into jokes, 
  no , but he really wants to feel like a victim of the evil mods, 
  you 're pretty good at mental gymnastics if participating in neo-nazi demonstrations and calling for a `` 180 degree turn '' with regards as to how we remember the holocaust is just `` telling us not to feel inferior '' . 
  well , we do n't know what their exact policies are as they have n't released their programs yet . 
  schulz stands for stronger social security and is more critical of neoliberalism , and so far it seems to work for him . 
  one of their most important members maid some comments that were pretty much neo-nazi rethoric . 
  this faced them with the choice of either ignoring it and losing many of their centre-right voters or expelling him ( which they are currently trying to do ) and losing many of their far-right fans . 
  i 'd guess that currently they are losing on both fronts . 
  is it really that weird that they did n't want the president that had them beaten , attacked and tortured to remain in office any longer ? 
   redditor for 23 hours, 
  i wonder if russia would have gone up a lot due to ukraine or recently u.s. due to trump . 
  funnily enough in germany people seem more afraid of trump because he might start wars , but at the same time putin has already done that ... 
  you have to end the sentence with a '' ~ '' to be convincing, 
  she was just showing off her large hands . 
  everyone knows large hands are important . 
  she has the best hands . 
  its true . 
  it started as a peaceful protest , that changed when the government turned on its people, 
  its hard to keep your protests peaceful when the state attacks everyone that dares to criticise them, 
  has been annexed by italy, 
  if we abolish it first they ca n't take it from us with their shakira law . 
  marine is playing 4d chess here !, 
  was n't their previous one worse ? 
  i have no idea about canadian politics but i 've always read that the current one was quite alright, 
  someone should make a movie about this called `` junckers liste '', 
   and that 's pretty rich from the estonian , whoes people were so productive in jews/russian extermination are you seriously blaming estonians here ? 
  russia pretty much commited [ genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_priboi ) and tried to wipe out the local culture in the baltic states and has to this date not even acknowledged that they did anything wrong . 
  humans are not mice however . 
  most [ studies ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/technology/story?id=98371 ) seem to predict us to cap out at 8-10 billion , after that the population should remain stable/drop . 
  the article is pretty bad ( germany being named as an anti-immigration country lol ) , but i ca n't find anything better right now . 
  i do n't really see overpopulation as a huge issue , we no longer live in malthusian times . 
  why are there too many people here ? 
  sure our population is pretty dense but i really do n't see why it would be too high . 
  only early 19th century kids will get this, 
  the side he disagrees with, 
  obviously france has annexed esa and all member countries, 
  this bot is the worst, 
  * cries in italian *, 
  he simply deleted it , stopped saying anything negative about russia and got a job return . 
  they moved right . 
  they started out as a regular eurosceptic party but eventually the more right-wing elements of the party won the power struggle . 
  resistance is futile, 
  spain already said that scotland leaving the uk and joining the eu is okay for them as in the uk secession is legal iirc, 
  what about france 's putain ? 
  i really really hope that this does n't go the way of ukraine , that would be an absolute disaster for the people of belarus, 
  only if you watch out for us as well !, 
  we do n't have an empire and we do n't want one . 
  oh wait you 're not even joking , but i 'm not really interested in taking that bait right now . 
  just as england will always be england . 
  2nd british empire in waiting , right ? 
  my favourite part about that sub is `` germans '' with a german flair writing in broken german , every '' \u00fc '' is replaced with a `` u '' etc. 
  deeper defense ties do not make germany more powerful , they make europe safer . 
  why exactly you would favor cooperation with the u.s. over cooperation with other europeans countries i ca n't really understand given recent events . 
  if you are talking about the schulz it is mostly people from over / r/de , while most frauke supporters are trumpets pretending to be german, 
  so the moment a grassroot movement is noticed by those outside of it its no longer grassroots ? 
  and unlike the frauke its actually visited by germans, 
  precision german meme engineering, 
  the last time was the cold war and considering that the soviet union fell i 'd say it worked out pretty well . 
  found the russian, 
  always eight , six slices are just wrong on every level . 
  i highly doubt that most eastern europeans on here are anti gay marriage though . 
  i agree it is idiotic that many on the right claim to defend our values from muslims while not adhering to them themselves , but i do n't think that the eastern european people on this sub are at fault here . 
  i 'd guess they either really believe that the spd is better for europe or that they really dislike the csu , atleast i ca n't think of any other reason, 
  just try it , only good can come out of this !, 
  [ so you are germans after all ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eetino9.png ), 
  nonsense , eckhart is our top man for checking if the russians are coming, 
  many polls were wrong about their election so obviously from now on the exact opposite of what polls would have us believe will happen, 
  now kiss, 
  the nato part is by far the least worrying of the three imo, 
  what exactly are you referring to ? 
  while there have been a few proposals for further integration that were rejected in the past , federalization is huge step we have n't even attempted to take . 
  you 're forgetting his [ best work ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wknepp0dx1a ), 
  federalization can not be forced , the best we can right now is promote unity , common foreign policy , further strengthening of the ep and economic cooperation . 
  its not really in the uk 's interest to dismantle the eu , they may have left it but european trade and cooperation is still very important for them, 
  i think they would be anyways due to eu defence commitment, 
  i mean technically yeah , if anyone can its us, 
  you 're higher than both of them combined < 3, 
  making sure that everyone who wants to get a job can get one is pretty mich impossible , full employment at any given point simply is n't realistic which means that we do need a social net to support those currently without a job . 
  investing in education and at the same time lowering taxes for the low/middle class would significantly slash our budget . 
  i strongly support this idea but it would have to be financed through increased taxation of the richer part of this country , which is fine in my opinion as it really just means redistributing the gains from our economic prosperity to those that have worked very hard for it . 
  the big issue is that , while trade , especially with the rest of europe has greatly inscreased our wealth , [ people care a lot about their wealth * relative * to others ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/3315638/relative-wealth-makes-you-happier.html ) . 
  inequality has risen sharply with increased globalisation and this is a big reason as to why so many are critical of it . 
  if we want to maintain our prosperity and strong trade with europe and the world we need to make sure that those at the bottom profit more from it in the future , otherwise we may have our own trump in a few decades . 
  we are doing incredibly well at the moment , i just think that we need to realise many are not seeing a whole lot of all this wealth . 
  compared to bush , trump etc. 
  he does seem very good . 
  i ca n't thank you enough for this , i love getting to know more about the politics of other european countries . 
  hopefully romania can manage to further fight corruption in the future , as it seems to be a large problem for you . 
  the minority group does indeed sound weird . 
  we have similar parties for our danish and sorbian minorities in germany , but they have no influence on the federal level , only in their local governments, 
  could you give some insight on the different parties in romania ? 
  so far i have heard many negative things about the sdp but not really anything about the other parties ? 
  which one lead the recent anti-corruption campaigns ?
