   and that 's a great attitude overall , but we are talking about ethnicity here he was german . 
  not ethnically but in every other possible way . 
   germans are an ethnic group indeed , but most of us think that you can be german in a cultural sense without being an ethnic german . 
   and that 's a great attitude overall , but we are talking about ethnicity here you 're the only one doing it . 
  the rest of us are talking about nationality , about what it means to be `` german '' , and thats a lot more difficult than simply looking at someones ancestry . 
   if they are not ethnically german than they are not germans - they are german citizens . 
  so just because their familiy came here more recently than mine they ca n't be germans ? 
  why ? 
  ethniticies have always been mixing , making it completely irrelevant in our daily life . 
   well that 's very progressive of you to not care about the people who share a common ancestry , culture and history . . 
  i do n't care what culture the family of someone i meet had generations ago . 
  i care about the culture they choose to embrace and live * today * . 
   and then the mass rape at 31st of december happend in germany and it was a perfect `` penalty '' for germany . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  he is saying that there are tons of germans who are not ethnically german and that most of us do n't really give a shit about ethniticy . 
  only if there is a chance that the person who farted was muslim, 
  well we did rename the army from wehrmacht to bundeswehr , so it really is possible, 
  _ triggered _, 
  you might want to try reading the article in the future, 
  i think you may need some of [ this ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/950/285/f71.png ) . 
  i 'll just go to w\u00f6rk and maybe start a world war or two !, 
  yeah , because direct democracy has such a great record in 2016 ... 
   well , here 's the thing - that 's how you get out of a depression . 
  you ca n't spending cut yourself to economic growth . 
  this is not entirely wrong , however , any reasonable government that would have chosen this method of getting out of the recession would n't have used such a large portion of state investment ( afaik it was about 60 % ) for rearmament , but instead focussed on infastructure and creating jobs in more useful areas . 
   battle of britain was won by literally split hair thats not true , germany only ever had a slight edge due to sheer number at the beginning , and were never able to use it due to limited range . 
  overall , around 900 british planes were shot down , compared to 1700 german ones . 
   royal navy was in dip shit for most of the war and they were fighting for survival trying to secure us uk supply line and that is after they cracked codes . 
  i 'm not an expert on military history so i 'll just hold off on criticising the royal navy , but whatever the case , operation sealion never would 've worked . 
  they even tried it in a wargame in the 70s and it was a catastrophic failure . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_sea_lion_ ( wargame )  bollocks that do n't have any confirmation in macroeconomics of germany before ww2 started . 
  if you believe this you really do n't have no idea about economics . 
  many influential nazis subscribed to outdated malthusian economic theory , not only did they profit off of programs of the previous government , but despite coming into power at a time at which the economy was already improving ( meaning that they would have seen strong growth anyways ) , the nazi government increased the debt to gdp ratio by 20 % in 6 years . 
  starting in 1936 , german military spending exceeded 10 % of gdp , and it only grew larger as time passed . 
  the government pursued autarky , clearly aimed at preparing for war , corruption was rampant and private industry saw only a fraction of the growth at the time . 
  their `` miracle recovery '' is nothing but a myth , and belief in it is only so widespread because the german government strongly spread this myth in their propaganda and even completely stopped publishing their budget . 
   those who do not learn history are made to repeat it . 
  how ironic that you would say this . 
  what about fn ? 
  they were only able to do so because it was the strongest power on the european mainland before world war one . 
  even then , their economic `` recovery '' was extremely unsustainable , being based on nothing but debt-financed industrial expansion . 
  the economy would 've collapsed pretty soon , turning germany into an absolute shithole . 
  the idea that the nationalsocialist government was great at economics and managed a great recovery is nothing but a myth . 
  every government before them could have done it but was smart enough to realize that it was extremely unsustainable . 
  militarily , the only reason they were able to get their early successes was because the rest of europe had extremely strong anti-war sentiments at the time , and even then they stood no chance against the royal navy and royal airforce . 
  their `` superpower '' status was nothing but ~ 2-3 years of military successes . 
  uhh no , thats not what happens at all . 
  you are literally posting in a thread about a far-right terrorist that was labelled mentally ill pretty much everywhere . 
  if it really does do that for you continuing this discussion would be a waste of my time , i 'll just tag you as a fascist and move on , 
  its sad that we even have to wonder about this . 
  and his views are that killing children is justified because of some obscure cultural marxism bullshit , which only further proves my point, 
  you are rather naive if terrorism from one faction makes terrorism from another `` seem '' justified to you . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  you 're talking about a mentally-ill fascist that murdered children because of his lunatic fear of `` cultural marxism '' . 
  you should feel ashamed for defending his views . 
   we have n't seen nothing yet . 
  so ... we have seen something ? 
   the next syria or afghanistan in the making i 'd say that its most likely the next russia in the making , but i agree with your overall sentiment , its sad to see a country with this much potential fail to realise it : /, 
  our country only adopted democracy because it was forced to do so , and even then it only worked the second time . 
  however , i still believe that democracy is the right form of government for us . 
  i believe the same holds true for turkey , even though its people have been convinced by propaganda and religion that it is not worth protecting , i do believe that they deserve a democratic government and will eventually have one again . 
  i 'm not blaming any germans for what their grandparents did , i 'm simply stating that this is more complex than turks simply not deserving democracy . 
  they finally realised just how much they have in common . 
  its a difficult one , really depends on how far erdogan can get , but he 's definetely trying to be the next putin, 
   well , in such a situation , maybe democracy was the wrong form of government for these folks in the first place . 
  maybe we should n't judge them this quickly , especially us germans ... 
  none !, 
  not necessary , everyone knows germany controls the eu so german upvotes alone will be enough to carry me through this, 
  wrong , they get 600 $ per graffiti !, 
  regional trains in the rhineland are actually completely fine from my experience . 
  local trains are pretty much never late , its just the intercity stuff that seems to go crazy all the time, 
  is not being patriotic offensive to you ? 
  we 've got beer and a ton of pokespots !, 
  its gon na fall every moment now , i 've been telling you since 2001 !, 
  yes, 
  you seem to be salty about the fact that the eu exists and will not crash and burn now that you 're leaving . 
   eussr and you call us salty ? 
  lol, 
  german here , fuck off . 
  lets all hope they extend their break for a long time, 
  this is the same as asking `` why have n't we cured cancer yet ? '', 
  - because science is complex . 
  macroeconomics is especially difficult since empirical studies often are not an option . 
  whats going on in slovenia ? 
  i 'm german and pretty much all my friends like it !, 
  i just might have weird friends though, 
  i 'll give the eu commission a call right away then , they 'll surely realise that their definition is irrelevant since you 'd like it to be different . 
   the borader definition trolling is an art , 
  i just ca n't look at it without thinking of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4am5td0j6wo ), 
  it de facto works different than you describe . 
  theres national citizenship and then there is citizenship of intergovernmental organisations such as the eu or commonwealth which grants all citizens specific rights . 
  you ca n't only be an eu citizen , but if are citizen of an eu country you are also an eu citizen . 
  your own made up definition is absolutely irrelevant . 
   lol there 's no such thing . 
  [ you 're not very good at googling things , are you ? 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/ ), 
  i have n't read this much bullshit in one comment in a while . 
  barroso a radical communist , really ? 
  can i be a france fan now that we 're out ? 
  a friend of mine is serbian and whenever his father talks about yugoslavia he simply refers to it as serbia , gives some insight as to why non-serbs did n't exactly feel equal .
