  yugoslavia did not split simply because it was diverse , there are far more diverse countries that maintain strong central authority ( e.g. 
  india ) tito was pretty much the only thing holding yugoslavia together , and with his death the central government was weakened so far as to be unable to do its job properly . 
  as some republics began to seek more autonomy , the serbian part of yugoslavia attempted to take full control , which was obviously unnacceptable for other ethniticies . 
  just annex england into wales and call it grandprincipality of wales, 
  its bulgarias decision , they need to fuck off and accept that . 
  did n't corbyn do pretty well in recent polls ? 
  ( do n't really follow uk domestic policy , just read it somewhere ), 
  they 're populists , they have no viable plans . 
  all of russia 's fears combined in one man !, 
  oh , did n't know that haha !, 
  looks exactly like the cover of the album [ animals ] ( http://metalworksinstitute.com/wp-content/uploads/pf-animals.jpg ) by a certain rock band, 
  neither , their state debt is just extremely high, 
  if i was an englishman right now i 'd really wonder where my country lies, 
  damn , when i went to school i pretty much every year had some subject related to politics and european + german institutions were covered quite a bit, 
  do n't be so harsh on yourselves , its pretty amazing how well slovenia is doing considering they were ruled by a dictator just 25 years ago and had to fight to get out !, 
  all aboard the paris-ljubljana-berlin axis !, 
  ( i probably misspelled your capital , sorry ), 
  thats exactly my point , i 'd like to know how he wants to deport italian citizens if they do not have multiple citizenships . 
  overall i find the whole idea stupid , i really do n't see why we should treat criminals with an immigrant background any different from our own . 
  so its alright to just make every criminal stateless and deport them ? 
  or is it only acceptable in this case because these people are n't `` natives '' ? 
  does that mean california secretly rules the u.s. because we do n't know whats going on behind closed doors ? 
  my point is that while germany has a lot of say in the eu due to its large population and economy , it ca n't run it by itself since power is spread out and even just a few other countries can easily be a counterweight to german influence . 
  during the refugee crisis , we pushed for quotes and distribution but did n't get it since many other states were against it . 
  so what you 're saying is you have no clue but just think that deporting people is a good idea in general ? 
  where exactly do you propose to deport them if they 're italians citizens ? 
  might just be me being german  but to be honest , there are many people that believe the whole germany runs the eu stuff , so it gets really hard to tell when someone is serious sometimes, 
  you do n't really understand geopolitics then . 
  putin is actively trying to dismantle the eu and brexit , atleast in the short term benefits him quite a bit . 
  thwfy rwfwlly dwsfrfd ft !, 
  would n't that actually suck for the fp\u00d6 ? 
  they 'd go from most powerful austrian party to irrelevant german party that nobody outside of austria cares about, 
  yeah , this sub is really leftist , thats why its so strongly in favour of taking in refugees / s, 
  thanks !, 
  how high is support for catalan independence in polls ? 
  if your ballsack fucks up your dick you may need to see a doctor, 
  but muh evil greedy politicians !, 
  unless its a world war, 
  nah , they peaked at around 15 % and have been going down recently . 
  heres hoping that they fade back into irrelevance , even though its not realistic . 
  in my book those who do not vote lose any right to complain in a referendum such as this . 
  on what basis do you make that assesment ? 
  moreover , ireland did n't just leave , they had to fight for their independence . 
  lithuania right ? 
  god damnit italy , not again . . 
  busted . 
  if you are referring to my last point , it is something that , while being discussed with regards to turkey is probably mostly targeted at russia , which probably will not join the eu ever simply because it is too large . 
  other than that you are of course right , if turkey fullfills the criteria they can join , sadly does n't seem like that will happen in the near future . 
  very interesting !, 
  always knew he was pretty pro-eu but not to this extent !, 
  stop it , you 'll make me blush , 
  i definetely do , simply did n't know he was one , 
  another gay pride parade , its the endless cycle . 
   basically yeah , that 's what would happen . 
  the main reason the fn gets a lot of votes on the first ballot but does n't win many seats at the end of the day is because left-wing and centrist voters are more comfortable voting for conservatives than letting an fn take the seat . 
  there is n't enough support for marine le pen for her to get 51 % of the vote , for now at least . 
  do you know any polls on how much support le pen currently has ? 
   and 2022 ? 
  prepare for frexit . 
  so you expect the french far-right to become stronger and stronger ? 
  obviously the situation is quite different but in germany but our far-right has pretty much stagnated and already started losing support again . 
  if they make the eu stronger while making parliament stronger i 'm all for it , and it seems very likely since the ep already became a lot stronger with the treaty of lisbon . 
  someone please take a rocky montage or sth and replace his face with hollande/merkel, 
  not that i agree on juppe with everything , but having a federalist in power in one of the most influential eu countries is pretty cool imo, 
  the way i understand it it would just turn into le pen vs a conservative with the conservative getting a lot more support right ? 
  i 'd be glad if it was that certain because i really do n't want these nutjobs to get into power anywhere , especially not france . 
  turkey is in conflict with a member of the eu ( cyprus ) , does not have democratic institutions that are strong enough to comply with eu guidelines and it can even be debated whether or not the union is able to take in a member as large as turkey currently . 
  ahh , thanks !, 
  why would the uk give up gibraltar to help scotland get into the eu ? 
  for someone not very knowledgable about uk inner politics , what happened in ' 97 ? 
  if anything recent referendums have made me more sceptical of direct democracy , it seems like such a great thing in theory but can easily go wrong if the media sucks or the issue is a very emotionally charged one . 
  this may surprise you but some things that happened in the first half of the 20th century that were n't world war 2 , 
  i did n't now the fucking stupid `` eastern europe = shithole xd '' meme was back . 
  same here !, 
   the eu is n't really in favor of local differences , there is a tendency to standardize everything . 
  thats really not true , it makes sense to standardize stuff like taxes and laws , but the eu still uses the subsidiary principle , which means that the things that are better handled at a local level will be . 
  besides , any eu state will be federal in nature and therefore work more like germany where local authorities still have a lot of power as opposed to france which is very centralized . 
  it would certainly be pretty crazy if we managed to go from mortal enemies to a federation in less than a century, 
  why would they speak one language instead of everyone mainting their original language but still learning the other ? 
  i honestly feel quite sorry especially for younger brits right now . 
  only 20 % of them were in favor of leave , but all the others will have to live their lives with the consequences now . 
  this referendum has demonstrated why i am not as fond of direct democracy as many others on this sub . 
  obviously it only disturbs the peace if muslims do it , duh ... / s, 
  americans seem to like doing that i 've observed . 
  pretty interesting considering what france did for their country . 
   you do not understand . 
      people are talking about a certain document , certain generalplan ost document . 
  they refer to it and quote numbers from it ( making huge mistakes in interpreting the figures ) . 
  they talk about it as if the particular document had been a basis for certain actions , as if it would be an official action program . 
  no , you do not understand . 
  the generalplan ost was not one singular document , there were several renditions of it . 
   and , as a matter of fact , nazis resettled baltic germans , repatriated in 1939 , in occupied poland territories . 
  they never though they are going to `` lose within the next months '' . 
  that was never an option for them . 
  i already mentioned this , poland was an entirely different matter from the soviet union , as poland was much closer to the actual german part that the third reich occupied . 
  but that all is speculations and assumptions . 
  it might had worked other way too . 
  nazi state was a mess . 
  there were many , often conflicting '' schools of though '' and groups that fought for power . 
  it might had turned totally different too .
