  this finally proves that german humor is superior to all other forms of entertainment , a glorious victory for our nation !, 
  in germany there is a very strong one and jobless people that do not put effort into getting a job are generally looked down upon , i imagine that its the same in denmark, 
  he was the first one that came to mind , and i put him in there to maybe make it somewhat funny, 
  i think we 've both kinda missed each others points . 
  i believe timaeger was simply saying that cameron should not say that he wants to defend christian values while ingnoring the fundamentals . 
  of course most historical leaders have always ignored what the bible says , which is way we had the crusades etc. 
  you simply do n't understand the difference between disliking an ultra-conservative politician and hating a country do you ? 
  you can replace it with putin , kaczy\u0144ski , orban or really any leader that claims to stand for christian values of it makes you feel better, 
  i have for one been to plenty of churches and i do not want to use it to further my agenda . 
  its just hypocritical from cameron to claim that he defends `` christian values '' while ignoring them at the same time . 
  the pig sneaked up on him and bam , suddenly had his dick in his mouth . 
  happens to the best of us . 
  christian values from a more enlightened time in history are really just basic ethics and mostly derive from philosophy , there is really no need to emphasize the christian part except to get old people to vote for you, 
  yeah but you forgot the most important part  `` thou shalt taketh refugees unless they are not white and christian , because everyone else is evil and anyone who says otherwise is a dirty commie '' ( reagan 21:12 - 19 , usa ), 
  he was simply pointing out how hypocritical this statement is , not stating that we should get our advice on what to do from some old book . 
  i agree that it is a problem , but it never really worked out for them and i do not believe that any part will try doing so again . 
  i am not sure what the green party has to do with this however ? 
  i was under the impression that that is how a discussion works ? 
  you make your point and provide credible , empirical evidence for it . 
  we could throw meaningless buzzwords and unsourced claims at each other however if that is what you prefer , but i believe that would be a waste of time . 
  man , what are you , 12 ? 
  i 'll say it again , i am disagreeing with you not because i am german , but because you are being fucking mental . 
  moreover , i have no applied any logic similar to that , as i disapprove how europe handled the situation in greece . 
  yeah , germans totally have n't changed at all since then , man , i 'm not sure if you 've had some horrible childhood event with a german , but your prejudice against us is ridicoulus . 
  ahh yes , we surely went from most popular country to most hated one in 2 years , and to be honest , i wont even bother responding to stuff like this :  the hitler like ruling over the eu and this  rapists luring after every corner because you obviously have no idea what our country is like . 
  then i 'll just ask of you what i asked at the beginning of our discussion , give me some articles , not comments mind you , that really depict the afd in an unfair context . 
  because while it sometimes happen as with any party , i definetely would not say that it applies to `` every media reference '', 
  completely , i do however no agree to the sentiment that they , or the right wing in general are victims of some state-controlled press conspiracy . 
  its just that this country is , in a global context , rather leftist and therefore the majority of the population disagree with them . 
  that was one of our parties excerting pressure , and if stuff like it happened regularly it would not be such a scandal . 
  i do n't really see where you are coming from with the podcast though . 
  its an opinionated piece and does n't even attempt to conceal that , not everything running on television is an objective news magazin . 
  to give an example , many of the satirical programs on zdf , for example heute-show or die anstalt or often criticised by right wingers and ridicule them again and again while those shows simply do that to every party . 
  overall , i find the afds attempts to make themselves seem like victims quite ridicoulus . 
  personally , i found [ this ] ( http://www.ardmediathek.de/radio/conflict-zone-with-tim-sebastian/conflict-zone-with-frauke-petry/deutsche-welle/video-podcast?bcastid=30513732&amp;documentid=34303484 ) interview rather revealing , as she complains again and again that she is being misquoted and asked `` unfair '' questions , while the interviewer argues that he is asking the questions that * he wants to ask * , and you can really see how she tries to desperatly play down former statements she herself made . 
  of course it is , our infiltration plan has worked out !, 
  you can not escape federal europe now , mwahahaha !, 
  however , you must understand just how unlikely terror is to actually kill you . 
  while terror is obviously horrible and always makes big headlines , it absolutely pales when compared to pretty much any other cause of death , which is why there is really no reason to feel unsafe due to it . 
  how about you give me a few articles from reputable sources that kill the afd `` hitler-loving jew-killer-wannabies '' , because it does n't really happen at all . 
  but of course , any media that is remotely critical of the afd must be controlled by the evil state ... 
  if western europe is n't safe , which region on earth is ? 
  its one event . 
  you 'll never have a country that is 100 % safe , and while terrorist attacks are always big news , their effect on the general population is mostly psychological . 
  unless you strap engines to your island and make it go away from us i think you 'll be stuck with us for a while, 
  its not really fair to judge an entire community by one event, 
  i am not defending my government because i am german , hell , if any country in europe does not view its own government with some stupid nationalistic pride its us . 
  has it ever occured to you that maybe our government just is n't as horrible as you think ? 
  while i do not fully support angela merkel and certainly wont vote for her party in 2017 , i like her way of handling the migrant crisis more than i like e.g. 
  the hungarian or the british way . 
  if you have fun looking down on other countries because you dislike their policies , have fun doing so . 
  but just because you look down on us does n't mean everyone else does , in fact , we are [ one of , if not the most popular country on the entire earth . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22624104 ) i just wonder how we manage to have the [ 5th highest standard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi ) of living in europe if our country is so shit , seems a bit weird does n't it . 
  moreover , please stop trying to paint yourself as the victim here , you have every right to tell me that my country is shit , but i have every right to tell you that your opinion is fucking stupid . 
  thats not me limiting your free speech , its me using mine . 
  what does the fact that he is a muslim have to do with anything ? 
  i 've read up on it before , and my opinion that it is nothing but a stupid buzzword has n't changed . 
  its simply right-wingers wanting to smear the left by accusing them of for example endorsing radical islamism . 
  i love how you accuse anyone disagreeing with you of `` crying '' , great way to get a debate going pal . 
  citing a few anecdotes which had people with influence go too far when trying to avoid sexism etc. 
  is n't going to convince me of anything . 
  many seem to subscribe to the notion that you ca n't speak negatively about islam , immigration etc. 
  anymore or some evil leftist will come after you , which is outright ridicoulus . 
  maybe if you would stop throwing your personal opinions at me and instead source your claims we would actually get somewhere . 
  it does n't matter what you or me think what fascism is , it matter what it is generally regarded as . 
  national socialism is a form of fascism that specifies its economic system and incorperates racism , but it still seeks to establish basic fascist principles , such as abolishing liberal democracy , imperialism , autarky and establishing a authoritarian state . 
  i agree , the amount of right-wing fear mongering has risen sharply in the last years . 
  its sad to see a sub that used to be about discussing europe turn into this, 
  because its a stupid term with no real meaning . 
  muh freeze peach !, 
  how about you actually give some sources for your claims ? 
  because nazism is [ `` usually characterized as a form of fascism '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazism ), 
  they can speak all they want , they can however not glorifiy genocide and attack innocent bystanders . 
  i know that he did not ask for germany specifically , but the way i understood it is that he wanted statistics on europe ( as comparing the most safe countries on earth to regions ravaged by economic issues and civil war would n't get you any good results ) however , i do not know any statistics for all of europe , which is why i gave him some on germany . 
  i do n't have any issues with conservatives , hell , there are many issues that i agree on with them , its just that , like with any group , echo chambers can be dangerous . 
  there is a large portion of ultra-conservatives on this sub who will blame each and every problem on either immigrants or the left wing . 
  the right-wing does n't want its no best buddy to percieved as being pro-stalin . 
  most nationalistic russians do n't seem to give a shit about whether it is communist , monarchist or whatever , as long as it big russia , its good . 
  you 're not estonia , imposter !, 
  of course the government spending has a lot to do with it , but it is not the only cause and greece 's economic problems such as corruption are definetely not solely the fault of the left wing, 
  so the greek left murdered 10 % of the greek population , destroyed 80 % of its industry , 30 % of its infrastructure and most of its bridges , roads and railways ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  besides , conservatives were in government in greece for a [ long time . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_democracy_%28greece%29#election_results ) while i do agree that pretty these hooligans are fucking idiots , i do not believe that we should take them lightly , as fascism and racism can never be accepted but must be opposed every single time . 
  i agree , as soon as they start attacking innocent bystanders force is the only reasonable response . 
  i think his point was that nazism is merely a form of fascism and that these `` protesters '' probably do not know the difference between the two , they simply want the evil migrants deported . 
   especially as a greek you should be aware of which political streams have caused the most damage to european countries in modern times ... ahh , surely you must be referring to national socialist germany invading greece ? 
  and even if you may think of these as just a few hooligans that are mad at merkel , i do n't believe that we should ignore groups that give the nazi salute and attack migrants . 
  the guys in the video did however give the nazi salute , which makes your point pretty irrelevant http://www.dewereldmorgen.be/images/cache/xl/2016/03/27/nazisalute.jpeg, 
  the bbc retracted the title because they thought the group actually call themselves fascist , which they do not . 
  they did however attack migrants and nazi salute , which sounds pretty fascist to me ... 
  there have been 454 criminal complaints of sexual assault , and while that does n't change just how horrible of an event it was , i do not know of any statistics that generally compare all crimes ( not only politically motivated ones ) from various demographics and political leanings , so i referred solely to extremism in my post , since we do have reliable statistics on that . 
  while there are 75 officially accounted cases , said number is n't really realistic . 
  there are many different numbers on the subject , however , many statistics such as [ this one ] ( http://service.tagesspiegel.de/opfer-rechter-gewalt/ ) ( which was conducted by two renomated news papers ) support the view that we are looking at 150-180 , and not the official 75 . 
  i am simply saying that there were fascists among them ( i obviously do not know how many of them were extremist ) , and that it is therefore not really strange that everyone is talking about fascists in the comments . 
  if this was a left wing demonstration that had a minority of anarchists/communists clash with police , many would be talking about them as well . 
  well , the only deaths islamic extremism has caused were long ago , so in the last 4 years i do n't think you 'd have any deaths . 
  however , it seems to me you want to compare political extremism by a small percentage of our population to the crimes of an entire demographic , which does n't really make much sense . 
  overall , atleast in germany , politically motivated crimes are viewed as far more dangerous than any other , as our country and pretty much any country remotely close to ours have experienced the horror of national socialism and/or fascism . 
  in a way you could say that that we can still see the consequences of political terror currently in the middle east , although i guess it is n't exactly politically motivated , but rather ideological or religious .
