  but it seems you do n't care about that and just want to cry about evil germany . 
  someone needs to save princess poland !, 
   `` if only everyone acted the way we did , things would be better . '', 
  thats not even what i said , i was simply stating that theorically every other ( large enough ) country could have done that . 
  but please , do continue ranting on about the german national character and how i am trying to force my beliefs on you ...  the truth is , there was neither the legal obligation nor the overwhelming public opinion that * other countries in europe * well yeah , there is n't . 
  thats why we took them , not them . 
  italy had been dealing with this problem for a very long time , and to assume that germany somehow created it is simply wrong . 
  all of europe messed up by underestimating the problem for years and leaving italy & greece alone with it . 
  in the end we took them in , if we had n't they would 've been stuck in italy , serbia or greece which certainly would n't have made things easier . 
  our jokes, 
  obviously germany is the free world !, 
  every other country could have done the same thing though ? 
  if the uk had said `` we 'll take in those who come here '' , the migrant/refugee flow would 've simply gone there . 
  despite that the stream was already there when merkel declared that we 'd take them in . 
  before that they were simply stuck in the balkans . 
  ~ ~ hofer is going to win , just look what happened with brexit ! ~ ~ ~ ~ okay for real this time hofer is going to win , just look what happened with brexit ! ~ ~ ~ ~ wilders will win , just look what happened with brexit ! ~ ~ marine will win , just look what happened with brexit !, 
  superpower just means that we have worldwide influence . 
  and seeing how europe is quite peaceful compared to russia , the u.s etc. 
  i think it would be a good thing . 
  dutch troops in germany , oh how things have changed, 
   la france n ' a pas d'amis * cries in german *, 
  charlemagne would be proud, 
  do n't do fptp kids, 
  thx bb, 
  i am going to vote schulz but rrg , black-green and red-green-yellow would be fine for me personally . 
  i just hope we do n't get another grand coalition , as i 'd like to see the spd and cdu drift apart a bit . 
  good lord that salt is glorious, 
  thank you for taking one for the team, 
  obviously the syrian civil war is all merkels fault !, 
  smaller corrections to the agenda really are n't left-wing populism , they are simply social-democracy . 
  they have more vegetarians than the rest of the world combined so i imagine that alone does quite a lot, 
  quite frankly i do n't think we 're getting anywhere . 
  my point is that a putin or an erdogan would not be able to get into power here . 
  they do n't have to openly declare `` i will abolish democracy '' for the system to stop them . 
  you view the entire free speech issue as a slippery slope in which we either allow everything or nothing . 
  this claim has no basis in reality , but that does n't seem to concern you . 
  our strong hate speech laws make sure that fascism does not get a platform . 
  nothing less , nothing more . 
  your paranoid talk of `` leftist agenda pushers '' makes it clear to me that we have fundamentally different views on what exactly the dangers to democracy are . 
  if you do n't believe this platform for fascism exists go check out the youtube comments under historical documentaries , old music etc. 
  you 'll quickly find that fascism is still a very real thing and that we are unecessarily giving it a platform it does not deserve . 
  the system can not afford to tolerate the intolerant , and since you disagree with that we wont get anywhere with this pointless discussion - which is why i am going to end it now . 
  feel free to have the last word however , if it makes you happy !, 
   what is important is that people believed sarrazin to be in violation in the first place , and thought they had a realistic case against him . 
  those are not the people that decide , its the company that has the final say . 
  and it is the companies best interests to task sufficiently capable employees with removing hate speech . 
   similar laws / consequentialist reasoning were used in the communist states to suppress dissent ... quite frankly , i get the impression that you do n't understand how these institutions work . 
  in a system were all power is concentrated in the hands of a few elites , the rules quite literally do n't matter . 
  on paper the dictatorships you listed may provide these rights , but the actual system does not protect them . 
  germany is different in that regard . 
   yes , but do not make the mistake to think that such ad hoc fixes are effective . 
  putin never ran on a premise of abolishing democracy , neither did erdogan , despite both of them at least attempting to do it once in power . 
  it is very easy to pass a hurdle when all you have to do is lie about a single issue . 
  if it had any relevant influence the npd would be banned despite not openly wanting to abolish democracy . 
  stop making the system seem more easy to circumvent than it really is , that claim has no basis in reality . 
  if hitler lived today he would be imprisoned and his party would be banned . 
  even if he was less open about his aims . 
   much stronger than they allready have . 
  further any lack of clarity about what constitutes hate speech ( which definitely exists in germany btw , given how several people tried to have thilo sarrazin imprisoned on counts of verhetzung see e.g. 
  here ) , is bound to have a chilling effect in itself . 
  i do n't support this idea that there is lack of clarity . 
  charges against sarrazin were dropped so it not relevant to be honest . 
   read : `` the dictator 's handbook : why bad behavior is almost always good politics '' by political scientists bruce bueno de mesquita and alastair smith . 
  they analize the pathways to tyranny , curbing freedom of speech and freedom of the press always go first , it is the most important hurdle for autocrats . 
  that is n't really a data point that i can check at this moment and you know it . 
  besides , checks and balances exist in our system as well , arguably they are even stronger since no person holds as even a fraction of the influence that the american president has . 
  as it is the courts and not the executive government that decide on these laws , a potential autocrat ( who would have a very difficult time getting elected as the system is specifically made the prevent this ) could n't even use hate speech as an argument the curb dissent . 
   well yes , but that does not change the fact that not openly carrying autocratic intentions is a very low bar that is unlikely to protect you . 
  these were the exact kind of people that once took power in germany , austria etc. 
  we introduced the measures to make sure it ca n't happen again . 
   edit : downvote without comment . 
  / u/bohnenbrot is pretty triggered !, 
  this part is pretty cute btw , appareantly i downvoted you twice using my oppressive german powers , 
   this meaning is alone your imputation invented because you dont have any actual arguments . 
  i think you just do n't know what hate speech means . 
  you constantly claim that this is a law against political correctness without having a simple data point that supports that claim . 
   acceptance of speech is strongly anticorrelated with democracies being overthrown . 
  as always , leftists are not only post fact , but prestatistical , because numbers are hard for and on them . 
  how am i prestatistical when you are the ones claiming that statistics support you without presenting them ? 
  and once again , it is n't a free speech issue , its a hate speech issue . 
   npd is allowed today as well . 
  and openly wanting something is not that important a criterion . 
  the actual criterion nis wanting it . 
  because its not a threat to the constitutional order . 
  if it became large enough to be one it would be banned . 
   he was jailed for years . 
  this is just wrong , he was sentenced to 5 years but only served 9 months , nice alternative fact right there !, 
  please tell me more about how i am ** `` post fact '' **   you are actively undermining the most important one ... you constantly present this as some sort of slippery slope when it is n't . 
  these laws have existed for decades and are n't used to quell dissent but to not give fascism a platform . 
  they 've done their job well and there is no reason to believe that will change, 
  we have a lot of experience with owning up to them, 
   what does that have to do with not accepting political correctness then ? 
  til calling for the extermination of people is not accepting political correctness  streitbare demokratie is an oxymoron . 
  the less free you make a democracy the more suceptible it is to authoritarian take over . 
  having a subversive cultural atmosphere , where one can talk truth to power is far more important than some undemocratic beaurocracy determining what can or can not be said . 
  oh yes , its obvious that no restrictions on those against the system are always the best solution . 
  after all the idea that an authoritarian president would be elected in a country that strongly values free speech is completely ridicoulus . 
   the weimarer republik had hate speech laws and they exercized them against the nazis , frequently . 
  it did not help an iota . 
  weimar germany and the federal republic are completely different in that regard .
