  do yourself a favor and take an introductary economics course at some unversity because you 'll swiftly learn that this is completely wrong . 
  while monopolies can be government sanctioned they can also come into existance through exclusive technologies , access to resources or even simply economics of scale or increasing returns to scale, 
   again , all you are for really is a legal monopoly , why do people love monopolies so much ? 
  because we can control the state through elections . 
  if the state did n't have a monopoly on force and no power at all any rich person could simply buy a private army and enslave the local population . 
  then we just need to wait a little for local wealthy people to declare themselves nobles and we 've successfully established ~ ~ modern feudalism ~ ~ glorious anarcho-capitalism !, 
  i identify as my city first and german second , that does n't mean i want to secede from germany, 
  oh okay , did n't know much about that , just recently read an economist piece about how bad the situation is in some of the first nation territories so thats where i was coming from, 
  like the weird reservation thing you 've got going on ? 
  even if you personally believe that taxation is theft or something , the libertarian/authoritarian axis here is cultural . 
  taxes are an economic issue . 
  you are right on the areas that you mentioned , but we need to be extremely careful as to what we learn from the united states . 
  i do n't want their overt militarism or inequality . 
  i do n't want their polarized politics or their rampant law and order mindset . 
  of course i want us to learn from the rest of the world where we can , but diminishing our achievements and seeing ourselves as `` lower '' when many european countries are safer and have a higher standard of living than the u.s. is delusional . 
  9 out of 10 countries with the highest standards of living are in europe . 
  there are lots of things to improve but the u.s. is n't the place to look for improvements . 
  fdp is essentially just an economically liberal party at this time . 
  the moment they got into power in my home state a few months ago they were happy to help the conservatives go against police accountability and limit civil rights here and there . 
  if you want individual freedoms the greens really seem to be your best option at the moment . 
  modern art does n't exi -, 
  you certainly have a point there , its sad to see so many small german breweries get swallowed up by larger ones in recent years, 
  any recommendations on a good ale that i could find abroad ? 
  [ 7 years to go !, 
  ] ( http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/irish_unification_of_2024 ), 
  why thank you , i really needed some salt for my fries, 
  :( hey , atleast i tried, 
  that explains the smell in paris lol, 
   how the fuck can you draw parallels between trump and hitler . . 
  if a nazi agrees with you on something , should i start drawing parallels between you and hitler ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  people are simply drawing parallels between him and hitler because they 're both right-wing , populist and use rethoric against `` outsiders '' ( mexicos wall , tarrifs on the `` bad germans '' etc. ) . 
  i do n't personally agree with it , but its pretty easy to see where people are coming from . 
  there naturally are no stats on this , as alt-right is n't a party membership . 
  `` large '' is perhaps the wrong word for it , _ influential _ would be better , as trump has alt-righters such as bannon in his cabinet . 
  i never sad he was buddy , just explaining why some people draw parallels between him and adolf . 
  its a big deal because he won and has a very large following of this kind . 
  would you prefer [ this ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o6-bi3jlxk ) . 
  are n't `` hail trump '' and hail victory ( sieg heil ) atleast somewhat worrying ? 
  i would like to subscribe to ljubljana facts, 
  very convincing argument . 
  i highly doubt that you 'll find masses of communists that are passionate hillary supporters . 
   the democrats also said trump was literally hitler ah yes , do n't we all remember when hillary brought this up during the debate . 
  moreover , i do wonder if those comparisons could be related to [ some ] ( http://static.snopes.com/app/uploads/2016/03/make-america-white-again-865x452.jpeg ) [ of his ] ( http://www.michaeloart.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/e_hutchinson_racism_trump_500x279.jpg ) [ supporters ] ( https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2017/04/16/berkeley-april-15-neo-nazi-rally.jpg ) . 
  ah yes , liberals are known to love communism . 
  still waiting for emmanuel macron to introduce collectivization personally . 
  russia being smaller than germany certainly would look funny, 
  i 'm talking to you , not him lol, 
  eu sanctions are far more impactful since the russia is a lot more dependant on the eu than it is on the us, 
  pot calling the kettle black , eh ? 
  the fact that you 'd rather criticise his country than debate the system in your own is pretty ironic in this context, 
  what a great argument, 
  i could see them going for garibaldi, 
  this is exactly why i find it troubling that so many people hate on that movement today, 
  this is exactly why i find it troubling that so many people hate on that movement today, 
  til / r/europe is just paid anti-eu shills arguing with paid pro-eu shills, 
  lol, 
  all around me are familiar faces . . 
  indeed, 
  never read youtube comments , especially under videos related to history or politics, 
  i 'm no expert on humor but i believe he may not have been entirely serious, 
  tfw no federalised yuropean armed forces :(, 
  there is a strong correlation between countries being rich and countries being progressive , poland just has that sweet $ $ $, 
  i for one welcome our new interstellar polish overlords, 
  if the european parliament decided it i would have no issue with it, 
  no reason to get defensive , i was just interested why you care so much which country your cars are developed in, 
  a monopolist controls an entire market , while a cartel is an association of oligopolists , the two are very different . 
  why do you care so much which corperate conglomerate controls the car maker you get your cars from ? 
  its all good buddy, 
  not those kind of minority groups :( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-germans_ ( political_current ), 
  no , there are some minority groups that actually hate germany , but the average german really likes their country . 
  i demand that we be labelled ex-nazi-ex-half-communist country, 
  thicc, 
  just now , the idea behind is to use a generator harnessing the energy of charles de gaulle spinning in his grave to provide power to europe, 
  millions of years of evolution , thousands of years of art , hundreds of years of technological development and we somehow end up here, 
  but do you really belief that there is a political mainstream actively wanting to reshape european culture through migration ? 
  seems to me that countries seeking to attract immigrants almost always do so for economic reasons . 
  obviously every single one , including dystopian hell holes such as canada, 
  i do n't disagree with everything you 've said . 
  i do want european culture to remain strong , however i do n't care about genetics and do n't believe that someone is somehow using immigration to destroy europe . 
  this is n't about this being a plan , but if people of different ethnic backgrounds mixing seems dangerous to you you should overthink your views . 
  does n't stop you from having an opinion on immigration of course , thats obviously well within your rights . 
  i will take issue with that opinion only if it is based on ethnicity . 
  just scares people that have nothing to be proud of except their skin colour, 
  can online banking do crazy things in luxemburg or is just bad in the south ? 
  i live in western germany and i can do pretty much everything online, 
  he should really [ change the national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bojt3fvky0 ) at this point, 
  do you hate western poland that much ? 
  it will be again once we sell it to poland, 
  sounds good . 
  come on !, 
  what ? 
  agreed, 
  guys this is just a theory but i believe moderates and extremists might be somewhat opposed to each other for some reason, 
  why thank you, 
  so you 're saying you * do * envy her ? 
  yeah , you probably would - i do n't see how that is relevant however, 
  envy really is the highest form of flattery, 
  that is really fucked up, 
  i for one welcome our new polish overlords,
