  when people mention balkan here , that 's what they mean . 
  bring back cyrillic lettering tout de suite . 
  it is a rocky place, 
  that 's amazing to hear that the idea reached your parents . 
  if only they could use it for good, 
  it is because of the keyboard layout . 
  too much hassle to find the double dot on the latin script . 
  videos that appear on the internet must be representation of the whole nation !, 
  who would have thought of it ? 
  do britons hate themselves ? 
  that 's what they say online :d, 
  good guy russia, 
  i have no idea why you are asking me about snm but both these countries had separate politics . 
  for a while too . 
  lol please read the title of the thread :d, 
  obviously when we included you nazi butt-lickers . 
  i 'd like to see a confederation of serbian states ( serbia , montenegro , r. srpska & maybe macedonia ), 
  people are now aware though , but do n't know exactly how to react to it . 
  good podcast , interesting stuff . 
  oh , eu is so righteous !, 
  man , is reddit obnoxious with this stuff . 
  i feel immigration is bad for these countries which lose a lot of their working force . 
  japan better hurry up with robots . 
  u wot m8, 
  seriously , i cringed hard . 
  i guess i should 've said * only * cyrillic since i hate being distracted by villainous latin script !, 
  m8 , if i could , i 'd put signs in cyrillic all over serbia , but we have respect , r-e-s-t-e-c-p . 
  comfort before anything else !, 
  i actually agree with this , i did meet plenty of non-interesting canadians . 
  [ how can he be so based ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yfvqdk4ejk ), 
  meh , it is about few bad apples ... that movie had a good ending for which i 'd say it is worth watching , though i did n't like the first half at all if i remember correctly . 
  anyway do you have any other reasoning for claiming we are nationalistic ? 
  / u/captain _ ludd referenced to a meme as far as i know . 
  also the war you are mentioning is the civil war in bosnia in which i 'd say most serbs are fairly ignorant . 
   and , to keep our mood up , france loses against ukraine 2-0 in the qualification match for the 2014 wc . 
  people are already saying it 's unlikely we 'll beat ukraine in the 2nd leg . 
  so , in other words , no world cup for france . 
  oh my god . 
  this is horrible ... 
  i ca n't imagine a wc without france : o, 
   my favorites accents are spanish ( sexy ) , italian ( musical ) , icelandic ( elfishly cute ) , uk english ( sophisticated and reminds me of victoria beckham ) and serbian ( confident ) . 
  you guys do n't know much serbian women scare me . 
  nice way to generalize all russians ya know ? 
  blanda upp is out of jlp !, 
  eh , i do n't think they give a shit on your first points ... 
  the nation west media loves to demonize . 
  games , movies , etc you name it . 
  the same way the west outlets have pro-west propaganda , yet you do n't see nobody discrediting them . 
  i noticed here that a lot of people when they refer to balkan mean explicitly ex-yu . 
  eh , people do n't know how rural and cozy balkan is !, 
  ok , garry ... 
  i think it was just not necessary to add in your sentence . 
  i ` d love to see someone explain this ( i have no idea how this works ), 
  something to consider too , is the [ cost of living index by country ] ( http://i.imgur.com/a57ww5a.png ) from http://redd.it/1nrcd8, 
  you got ta admit , our clay is great . 
  if only ... there were n't meddling americans down south ... 
  except everyone was an asshole in the conflict , not just `` evil serbs '' ... 
  eh , it is n't that black and white . 
  if i had to simplify it , it was a civil brawl with serbs in bosnia having the most military backing . 
  just gtfo and stop being melodramatic . 
  it is n't / was n't like that . 
  even though kosovo is n't yet accepted worldwide . 
  tsernagora would be even more badass :3, 
  someone wrote that their ports are not shown because they are not in the eu . 
  man , they are gon na enjoy the leisureness of south eastern european lifestyle . 
  serbia went full medieval . 
  the two names are from the ruler and wife of serbian empire . 
  [  implying we need something else than god 's will . 
  how would other europeans feel if serbia and montenegro joined euroasian union ? 
  we do have a fair share of russian influence home . 
  racist gay swedes looking only for white orphans . 
  balkan state of mind, 
  there is a reason there is less than 17 serbs in prishtina , while there is more than 50k shiptar in belgrade . 
  i fucking love cyrillic . 
  ugh , what a dumb question ... boycotts of this kind never work firstly . 
  second , athletes live for these competitions . 
  they can be mad but that wo n't do anything . 
  people want western propaganda to be true . 
  what about mini serbia ? 
  is it only in serbia that gypsys make [ music ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3zhqwxtdde ) ? 
  not that there is n't problems with them ... 
  oh boy , i see that bosnia has a lot in common with sweden , and not just flag colours . 
  yup , we are greatly influenced by the ottoman cuisine and i would add that we also took a lot of recipes from austro-hungarians . 
  cabbage rolls called [ sarma ] ( http://lh4.ggpht.com/_0itzggmsqay/s5xk6sj-7bi/aaaaaaaabok/_2-sq3saji8/sarme22010018v1_thumb1.jpg?imgmax=800 ) , very traditional , everybody and their grandma have sarma days . 
  there is more , but this is our trademark . 
  tell me one nation that is established fully by peace . 
  protip : you ca n't you got ta admit voivodina is our biggest trophy ... such fertile flatlands , 
  what are you even on ? 
  let 's say we left voivodina to hungary , the serbian people that fled there would be suppressed by hungarians . 
  you fight for your own gain , plain and simple . 
  do n't hate the playa , hate the game . 
  if we were peaceful we 'd be a lost ottoman colony . 
  i , for one , am proud of my nation 's existence and identity . 
  either you are the oppressor or you are the suppressed . 
  it was funded outside of serbia to make us look bad :d, 
   it 'd be nice all parties in the collapsing yugoslavic federation had been nice to each other . 
  but you think it is just us who were assholes . 
  albanians formed kla who were seen as terrorists by us , until they decided to bomb us . 
  bosniaks also were n't completely innocent either with their insane leader .
