i do n't know , how do they protect their lakes ? 
  i completely understand that macedonia is n't really the biggest or the richest country in the world , so they do n't really have that many options . 
  that is why europe should really start looking at that problem as a collective . 
  it is however still true that a big majority of refugees do n't intend to stay in serbia or macedonia , and use these countries to have a relatively safe passage in order to get to eu , especially great britain , germany and the scandinavian countries . 
  it 's a german dialect . 
  written , the only difference is that there is no \u00df . 
  what the article does n't say is that just yesterday the crowds where `` controlled '' via nerf gas , and it also does n't say why there are currently 4000 people stuck between macedonia and greece and that is because greece is just letting the people leave through the border and macedonia , a small and relatively young country is pretty overwhelmed . 
  another point not mentioned in the article is why exactly there even are so many refugees that want to enter macedonia and that is mainly because the country is used as a transit country to the inner eu . 
  those people there are stuck between two countries , have low supplies , one guy stabs someone and suddenly it 's `` fuck these people '' . 
  well , the nato does it in a similar fashion . 
  and honestly , i do n't know how austria could possibly contribute with our 12 jets that can fly at night , so why even bother with the air force . 
  so was austria . 
  the seat of the roman empire was partially in vienna , in fact , the last emperor , franz ii was austrian . 
  well , germany did escalate the war into a world war . 
  austria was just mad at serbia . 
  how about nobody leaves . 
  it 's completely biased . 
  the only thing the comic shows , is how great the germany 's and co. 's leaders think they are . 
  but they would be legal in the us again , right ? 
  that 's probably why austria got no points . 
  people wanted to vote for us , but just got confused . 
   because former countries or current cities -- scotland , catalonia , etc -- would be empowered to assert their regional differences ; control their own tax policy , control their own laws and allocations . 
  i want to see that . 
  since there have been very strict borders , especially in the 20th century ( iron curtain , etc. 
  ) , ethnicities have grown apart and nationalities are at some places more important , but there are still many places where the south of one country has historically and ethnically a lot more in common with the north of the bordering country than the capital . 
  if we promote that and at the same time straighten regions like scotland it could really benefit the eu and abandon that nationality mentality . 
  i personally do n't care , but i bet that a lot of austrians would be offended by `` little germany '' . 
  i do n't think anybody consoders nazi germany as the `` good guys '' . 
  also , they were supporting the nationalist fraction , the rebels , not the government . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  the german bombings during the spanish civil war were some of the first military actions of nazi germany , for testing purposes ( aside from establishing franco 's regime ) . 
  we learnt that in school , so i imagine the germans did as well . 
  this website loves nuclear energy . 
  depends on the newspaper . 
  that 's true , but most of the time , politicians , especially in leadership positions have so much on their plate , that they sometimes just have to say and do the things they are being told by advisors . 
  there is so much shit to do and the day only has so many hours . 
  well , so did i. i should probably put an edit with an / s  so people understand , that 's supposed to be a joke , not sarcasm or me being serious . 
  edit : yep , that 's exactly what i 'm going to do . 
  ah that 's good news . 
  to be honest , the last thing i heard about it was from that segment john oliver did last year . 
  i do n't know if that 's a compliment or not . 
  yes , most definitely , like you said , the uk were indeed one of the biggest proponents of the deal . 
  yes , although ceta is now done , it will actually take almost a year before ceta can be in effect , because it takes that long for every member to sign the treaty ( and remember , there are 24 languages in the eu and a member state has to sing every single one of those books , since every european politician has to be able to see the signatures on pages that are in a language they are fluent in ) . 
  edit : / s , 
  well , no , not necessarily , your government 's parliament still has to ratify the agreement , also starting january 1st 2017 , the treaty will be in effect , although in the beginning only provisional and at that point a country can still pull it 's support and ceta would be dead , although at that point it would be highly unlikely . 
  but what 's important to note is that , yes , you would only need one member to demolish ceta ( in places like belgium you would only need a part of a the country ) . 
  but there are a lot of examples of companies definitely exploiting isds , tobacco companies suing the australian government because of tightening cigarette regulations and there are countless other examples of other examples , granted , mostly in developing countries . 
  how could you prove no . 
  and what would be the fun in that ? 
  i mean , technically there is no such thing as an eu constitution , what we have instead are treaties and especially the treaty of lisbon , since the so-called `` treaty establishing a constitution for europe '' got rejected by a couple of member states . 
  thing is , behind every higher ranking politician sits a whole team of experts on various topics that advise the politicians on various topics . 
  balkanization ? 
  at the austrian border ? 
  first time i heard of that !, 
  how so ? 
  well , we have 8 neighbors , and we 're tiny compared to germany . 
  for most of things that are n't that accessible such as good journalist , art , etc the popularity is n't really a factor for its quality . 
  of course as a consumer uber is pretty great , but it 's the drivers who pay the price . 
  i for one do n't unterstand , why we have to choose between a kinda outdated and inconvenient taxi system and uber , a company that does n't treat their employees with european standards . 
  how about a system which addresses the shortcomings of the traditional taxi system and does n't treat their drivers like crap . 
  the argument will be mute in one or two decades , because the cars will drive themselves , however until that happens there are people in this system that deserve a living wage . 
  well , there 's unfortunately not a lot that we can ( or should ) do from the outside . 
  ultimately only the hungarian people gave the power to get rid of orban and it seems , a far they are still fond of him . 
  fact : nuclear energy works at a monetary net loss and is largely made possible by government subsidies . 
  solar on the other hand makes a profit without subsidies . 
  at this point , the main problem is storage . 
  and of course it 's nice to have independent energy source , that 's why there seems to be a consensus among the physics and science community that nuclear is probably going to stay where it is until fusion is ready to replace it . 
  and this probably wo n't happen until the end of 21st century . 
  of course , that 's a matter of funds . 
  if we would start to heavily invest into fusion ( if we 'd , let 's say , pulled all our funding from fusion ) commercial fusion energy would come much earlier . 
  to give you a point of reference : there are loose plans to build a reactor that would be big enough to produce enough energy and that would be put on the grid by 2050 . 
  one in france is being built right now , but this one will only be used for scientific purposes . 
  and there is very little funding . 
  point being : even if you do n't care about the dangers of nuclear energy , there are practical drawbacks to the technology other technologies do n't have . 
  furthermore , nuclear us indirectly hurting the progress of better technologies , because obviously there is not an unlimited around of funds for energy research, 
  did you read the interview ( op posted a translation ) ? 
  technically that 's not allowed either , in austria , there is n't a system for dual citizenship , but they wo n't do anything about it either . 
  it 's the classic austrian solution : it 's not a problem if no one talks about it . 
  every time it does n't rain , there 's wind . 
  and it does n't rain that often . 
  apart from the fact that there actually are people here proving him wrong , i do n't think that it 's really necessary . 
  the debate whether men and women are equal got put to rest some time ago . 
  honestly , that someone like korwin-mikke sits in our parliament should be shameful for every european . 
  you know that it 's not a weakness to feel something , right ? 
  he did say he does n't have any sympathy for a man that got beheaded . 
  that 's a bit cold , do n't you think ? 
   why has / r/europe turned so far right i think it comes in waves . 
  the sub used to be very left leaning and pro eu up until the beginning of the refugee crisis , but the mood slowly shifted . 
  i thought it had become better in the last year , but there seems to be a shift to the right again in here ( eu resentment , anti-immigrants and anti-muslim , anti left ideology in general , there 's some guy in this comment section talking about how cultural marxism has ruined europe the last 50 years ) . 
  maybe they see people in need and want to help them ? 
  that 's my motivation at least . 
  throw in a / s , pow 's law and all . 
  what about alaba ? 
  he has over a million followers . 
  well , he has been the leader of his party since last year , so he really has n't had the chance to change anything . 
  also the reason same sex marriage has yet to be legalized has nothing to do with his party , the sp\u00d6 who have been fighting for that for pretty long and everything to do with their coalition partner , the conservative \u00d6vp . 
  do n't you get that this is beneficial for everybody ? 
  i mean it hurts no one and it makes a few people 's day brighter . 
  apart from the fake outrage this is a non-issue and should n't even be news . 
  yeah , in half a year she will say that she was never for a fraxit , and she only proposed the referendum because she 's for direct democracy .
