  hey , i kind of understand what you 're going through . 
  we have the same thing with pis . 
  yes , every pole is responsible for pis just like every individual russian is putin and his alts ... 
  is that google translated polish ? 
   bogadsze : ddddddddddddddddddd also , if the ukrainians are going for richer countries then i doubt they will stay in poland now that they have most of the eu to travel visa-free . 
  even so , it 's for travel , not work purposes , different legal processes apply for work . 
  welcome to r/europe ... 
   confidence deal are they [ confidence tricksters ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/confidence_trickster ) now ? 
  it counts as brazil . 
  nice try !, 
  we know it was you !, 
  democratic unionist party iirc . 
   belarus and ukraine not included  turkey is ` k. 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
   a party who intends to tax the wealthy they can try but the wealthy will just find legal or semi-legal ways to avoid paying additional taxes . 
  goddamned philippine syndrome ... 
  italians everywhere rejoiced / s, 
  portugal kurwa !, 
  happy pt-pt day , dudes . 
   ian paisley eventually became more reasonable yeah i read about that but then you read something like this :  in 1988 , having given advance warning of his intentions , paisley interrupted a speech being delivered by pope john paul ii in the european parliament . 
  paisley shouted `` i denounce you as the antichrist ! '', 
  and held up a poster reading `` pope john paul ii antichrist '' . 
  other meps jeered paisley , threw papers at him and snatched his poster , but he produced another and continued shouting . 
  that guy was an absolute mad man :d, 
  might want to put your image on imgur . 
  i just get a `` image hosted by tripod '' result when clicking on your link . 
  too bad spitting image is no longer around , they 'd have so much material these days ... 
  got ta anschluss austria first ... 
  you need more : ddddddddddd, 
  `` the polish-german relationship is very bad for the poles . 
  they 're getting screwed in trade ... '' / s of course . 
  so the first finns were from portugal ? 
  you have been put in r/farrightcorner . 
  did n't some radical muslim imam also call the pope the anti-christ like ian paisley did ? 
  no matter how you slice it , the americans got a shitty deal either way , imho . 
  and how was he supported by saudis when he was trashing them during the election ? 
  post election , sure , he was all up their ass and around the corner ... 
  i am surprised they did n't just tell people `` stay in your homes !, 
  do not venture outside ! '', 
  considering it 's putin ... 
  sorry , i am just used to seeing potusii ( potuses ?? ), 
  visiting warsaw since it 's the capital ( not that i think wawa is any better than any other city in poland . . ) . 
   we 're entering the age of transhumanism we 're not in the age of transhumanism until a regular bloke can pop round to the local store and get a new arm or leg . 
  we 're taking the first steps , sure , but we 're a looooong way off from being in an age of transhumanism . 
  and there are no vegan bike riding terrorists in europe !, 
  you can never see the ninja but the census taker can ... 
  i used to like him during the election but after he got elected and all the interviews with him that i read i changed my mind . 
  still do n't like hillary , though , but in this case the american people had the choice of a corrupt shit supported by saudis ( hillary ) or the equivalent of a 13-year old girl who sits on twitter all the time ( trump ) . 
  uggh hope his visit wo n't make warsaw less functional than what it already is with all the security for the us prez and shit . 
  that 's what i think of them . 
  you need to go through belgium first ... as is tradition in any invasion . 
  or that the majority of eu citizens are n't in as high a position as he is . 
  flowering ? 
  please , it flowered wayyyyy before trump . 
  remember dick cheney and his connections to haliburton and such ? 
  yeah ... 
  that means `` butt '' or `` ass '' in polish ... 
  did n't obama do this already ? 
  he would n't be a trendsetter in that regard , then . 
  but what if they put on white face like in the movie white chicks ? 
  so how do they handle marriage then ? 
   has at least some dispute functionality and it works , too !, 
  i buy straight from a uk seller if i need anything out of the uk . 
  that way , if i need ebay 's consumer protection i do n't have to worry about putzing around with package forwarders or whatever , everything remains the responsibility of the seller until the point of arrival . 
  things would be much better if we did n't have the so-called `` diversity peddlers '' imho . 
  you know the ones , they cite how europe must be diverse and such things like that . 
  i do n't have a problem with people who happen to have different colored skin , i do have a problem when someone tells me that europe needs diversity for diversity 's sake . 
  you do n't see anyone saying how there 's no diversity in the continent of africa . 
  and [ ian paisley rises from the dead !, 
  he did . 
   robed by somali pirates nice , i wonder what was the color of the robe ... 
  try a couple million ... 
   the fastest growing populations on earth and how are * we * supposed to stop them from having unprotected sex all the damn time ? 
  cut off the men 's balls or something ? 
  if this `` state of emergency '' were to get into law , would it be possible for the french government to enact martial law ( as a last resort sort of ) with this provision/law/what have you ? 
  you 're right but i just wanted to illustrate that it can always be worse when it comes to commie blocks and commie block accessories :p, 
  this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kowloon_walled_city i highly recommend watching some youtube videos on it , quite interesting , imho . 
  still better than kowloon or however you spell that city 's name but not by much . 
  weak and wobbly, 
  i ca n't see the definition , it 's concealed . 
  oh he very much was their lil ' buddy . 
  traveled to moscow all the time and such . 
  single issue party . 
  from 1981 to 1983 . 
  wiki link : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martial_law_in_poland, 
   socialism everywhere the horror ... 
  look who 's laughing now !, 
  [ accordion removes in the distance ], 
  50d underwater chess / s, 
  damn , the pkin could use a wash , though :p, 
  yes , is gray . 
  such is life in poland . 
  i 'm not your buddy , guy !, 
  and here i thought people would perhaps see the `` nuclear holocaust '' first :p, 
  so we can not acknowledge that there were some problems left behind by po , who was in power for 8 years before pis ? 
  i am not laying everything at their feet but they did leave some things unresolved . 
  i was just making sure this was n't some '' [ false friend ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_friend ) '' thing or something of the sort . 
  sorry if i came off as snobbish or whatever . 
  it * is * odd that for a post with 82 comments there are only 5 upvotes lol but whatever . 
  russia is in a way , though .
