  wow , you czechs have no ads on the wall opposite of the edge ? 
  jealous !, 
  blame the employers for agreeing to pay such a wage , then . 
  takes two to tango . 
  do you have a government agency you can report bad employers to ? 
  if it 's within the lore , ok . 
  i just get annoyed when people expect a diverse cast just because ... 
  that 's some polish-levels of `` kombinowanie '' on the syrians ' part if true ... 
   our construction workers and lorrey drivers do you have enough of each to fulfill your country 's needs ? 
  come at me , rydzyk !, 
  how can i kurwa take ? 
  because randomly inserting people of color into a series based on slavic mythology to fulfill some sort of quota will solve the problem , right ? 
   i do n't mind reading subtitles you might not and maybe several other countries might not but try telling the average american or brit that the show will have spoken polish with english subtitles . 
  i doubt that would go over well ... 
   you 're forgetting that 70-80 % ( depending if you ask the eu or the polish government ) of all eu investment goes back to western companies who get hired i do n't forget that as i mention the same thing whenever people from , say , germany or france complain that all we do is take eu funds and offer nothing in return . 
  i know damn well we 're a medium-sized market ( 38 million consumers is nothing to sneeze at , after all ) and that the money their companies make here gets siphoned off to their home countries . 
  i just did not want to repeat myself on this . 
  yes , that 's why we do n't want them , the migrants , here . 
  yeah but you , as an englishman , can go into those shops , if you so choose and buy things and speak in english and no one will bat an eye . 
  you mean the citizens ' initiative regarding the abortion law which the government then said `` no '' to ? 
  looks indonesian due to the colors being darker either because of the camera or quality of film ... 
  i 'll take european eu for 500 , alex. 
  you 're right it was n't a genocide , it was class warfare on a larger scale . 
  that 's not sarcasm , that 's just being polish as usual / s, 
  but then it wo n't reach as many people . 
  it 's actually viewed positively enough to the point [ that our prime minister gave obama a copy of the witcher 2 as a present ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/the-witcher-2015-7 ), 
  well , there was this holodomor ... 
  how about `` richuania '' ? 
  not sure ... delayed reaction or something connected with the 2008 economic crisis ? 
  the end ( a ) kenny ... 
  sorry , i 'll show myself out ... 
  i 've noticed :p czech republic :p, 
  then let 's not have other countries lecture us . 
  waves of grain ... 
   poland has achieved after 1989 during the 90s we had neo-liberals selling everything off like there was a fire sale . 
  after that , we joined the eu in 2004 and the eu funds helped a lot with our growth ... 
   check republic this meme czechs out ... 
  because we do n't want the economic problems that come with joining the euro ? 
  and we 're happy to have ukrainians here , for the most part . 
  they learn the language , they respect the local customs , and they integrate rather well ... 
  by the time these so-called `` refugees '' arrive in germany , they have already gone through quite a number of safe countries and , thus , no longer deserve to be called `` refugees '' . 
  so yes , they are economic migrants at this point . 
  i actually like klm : they serve good in-flight meals , the seats are usually quite comfortable for international flights . 
  so i think it 's cool he may have piloted a flight i was on ... 
  `` 200 refugees '' is just the start . 
  then poland will be asked to take more and more and more until we have people rioting and burning cars in our capitol . 
  no thank you . 
  they 'll call it `` two speed europe '' . 
  when did you move to denmark ? 
  if it was done like this from the start ( eu registry with the ability to take biometric data ) i do n't think we would be seeing the problem of `` we tried taking them in but they just buggered off to germany/sweden/etc . 
  some vietnamese too ... 
  it 's `` doctors and engineers '' now , get with the times ... 
  no shit . 
  i remember when germany so graciously decided to open its doors to poles after years of being closed off but here is germany letting in 1 million + people from mena with no waiting time from the average person 's perspective , at least . 
  uggh this shit again . 
  it was n't a liberation , it was simply swapping out one invader for another for us . 
  reeeeeee get out / s, 
  we do n't know but they obviously thought so since they hightailed it for germany the first chance they got ... 
  i 'm an atheist in poland and no one is sending any religious patrols after me about it . 
  ok now repeat this phrase after me : `` hala banacha ! '', 
  you can use it in place of `` allachu akbar ! '', 
  as it sounds somewhat similar ... / s, 
  nah , let 's make it portuguese ... it sounds close enough to polish and no one will understand it :p, 
  and now you 've done it , you cursed it . 
  ponglish . 
  well , we do n't have too many local supermarkets that can even offer a store brand . 
  hell , one of our market chains is owned by a portuguese company ( not that there 's anything wrong with that , just saying ) . 
  we have carrefour and it has its own store brand of things but how good is it compared to the same thing in a carrefour located in france , its country of origin , i have no idea ... 
  this so goddamned much !, 
  so we 'd end up buying nothing at all , if we took your statement to a logical extreme since it 's not that easy to just drive down to germany for most people and get the version of a product that a german gets . 
   nobody decided to compete it 's more like `` no one can compete against the bigger brands '' . 
  the difference is that the gypsies with romanian papers , i.e. 
  a romanian national id , are the ones causing problems and the actual romanians are the ones getting shit on because of it . 
  so eurabia ? 
   shelly are you a victim of autocorrect ? 
  i do because it 's actually safe and pleasant to live there and i used to live in the united states ... 
  you mean roma with romanian papers ? 
  because , if i recall correctly , france was trying to kick out the gypsies , not romanians ... 
  they do n't care that they do n't have the right to do that . 
  ayyyyy, 
  as long as we use coal in some capacity or another , the entire * country * will continue to have pollution problems ... 
  meh , i 've lived in uglier places . 
  much uglier . 
  i never said it was n't crooked , just that there are sub-2000 pln apartments to be found in poland if one looks diligently enough ... 
  as in `` they are susceptible to diseases that are not found in iceland '' . 
  if they were to come back they would spread those diseases to the other horses in iceland . 
  yeah but i do n't think he would even use it and , if anything , he may have forgotten it ... 
  you 're thinking of a [ shish kebab ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shish_kebab ) and yeah the term tends to be used as `` any bit of meat on a skewer '' . 
  obama is no longer an acting president . 
  [ non-mobile link of the article ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-eu-iduskcn18b1lf ), 
  i figured as much . 
  thanks for elaborating on my point , 
  and here we go ... imma step out for some popcorn :p, 
  yes , they reward failure ... 
  do n't most , if not all , treaties have to get ratified in the eu parliament ? 
  i am certain they do n't just get handed down without so much as a by-your-leave ... 
  kaczynski would be so bad for her , though . 
  man does not have a bank account , speaks no other language besides polish ... 
  for me it 's the hair ... 
  merkel did n't roll in with tanks , though .
