  the lutefisk is always bad ... 
  even you can support a starving danish child for .99 eurocents a day !, 
  and then politburo took away your potatoes ... 
  alternative facts ... 
  it 's just election season talk . 
   no mention of jan sobieski iii 's help with the battle of vienna alternative facts are alive and well :p, 
  look up `` taurine '' . 
   we do n't protest because there 's nothing to protest about lol, 
   `` solidarnosc has shaped my life , and maybe without it , neither european unification nor the end of cold war would come , and neither would german unity '' , should be `` solidarnosc has shaped my life , and perhaps without it , we would n't have had european unification , the end of the cold war , or german unity '' at least that 's how i see it but i would have to know german well enough to get the context because context is the most important when translating . 
  i 'm sorry but she takes so much from her dad that i thought someone photoshopped tusk 's face onto a woman 's body ... 
  no , socialism promises to take from the rich and give to the poor but , in reality , it just means steal everything not nailed down . 
  no , that would be albania . 
  at least she 's not wearing a niqab or burka when she goes outside . 
  ours is even worse , i can assure you . 
  that goes for the left & the right in this country . 
  it 's true , there are many such cases . 
  sad !, 
  well , poor people do n't give out loans for millions of euros you know / s, 
  what ? 
  i ca n't understand you when you speak danish :p, 
   the socialist paul magnette that 's what i was referring to , 
  nice pasta . 
  it always is :p, 
   you can avoid using fuel sure but the goods being transported still use fuel and the cost of fuel and transport gets passed down to the consumer anyways . 
   socialist stopped reading right there . 
  the rich people , you mean ? 
  do italians have a gesture for drunkenness or `` let 's drink '' ? 
  instructions unclear , summoned cthulhu ... 
  `` unintelligible '' rather than `` unintelligent '' according to the map . 
  because people call it a `` muslim ban '' when they have n't been banned . 
  islam is not a race , please stop treating it as such . 
  also , there multiple muslim-majority countries where they have no travel ban placed on them . 
  please remember that . 
  i know i do n't like any of them either and that 's why [ all of my votes are nullifed ] ( http://pikio.pl/jak-poprawnie-oddac-niewazny-glos-w-wyborach-tak-by-nie-zostal-sfalszowany/ ) . 
  po is n't any better though ... 
   holding the corrupt to account rather than letting corrupt officials hide behind political immunity i wish we could strip our politicians of this because while they have political immunity they just take and take and take and take ... 
  china and japan are n't a part of europe the last time i checked . 
  also , they are n't countries whose changes in politics affect the entire world . 
   pretty sure most right wings are the ones who are afraid of other opinions . 
  the recent berkley riots prove otherwise , imho . 
  7 muslim-majority countries have a travel ban for 90 days . 
  there are still 33 or so other muslim-majority countries still allowed entry to the united states . 
  please stop calling it a muslim ban because it is n't one . 
  am i the only one who read the executive order concerning this ? 
  the list of the 7 temporarily banned countries was setup by obama . 
  the travel ban is temporary . 
  the travel ban did not cover all of the muslim-majority countries so how is it a ban on muslims again ? 
  you romanians sure are a contentious people ... 
  imagine all the attacks that have had roots in islamic terrorism . 
  now imagine their frequency increasing . 
  that 's one possibility . 
  in my personal opinion , the only way you 'll be able to stop this kind of shit once and for all would be to hang the politicians responsible as an example . 
  after all , at this point they would n't be fulfilling the will of the people ... ( sorry but i just ca n't stand politicians . ), 
  is there any possible way romanians can ensure that shit like this never ends up in the books or will you have to resort to less peaceful means to let those assholes in power know you do n't want corruption ? 
  as long as the demonisation remains verbal and no reporter ( s ) or news outlets are punished under the law , who really cares ? 
  nowadays , the press lies for clicks because that 's what sells . 
  islam is not a race and the motives for the current ban are n't racist or based on religion no matter how much one might disagree with them . 
  polish union workers also have a penchant for burning tires when protesting ... 
  i do n't know , i am more curious about the mechanics of it . 
  besides , in some countries 1200 euros can go a long way ... 
  they are spicy , i 'll give you that ... 
   for values bigger than our little bellies all i ask is that people do keep in mind that one ca n't eat values . 
  can this be somehow abused ? 
  for example , can one person take the money , return home , come back after some time , and get more money ? 
  would watch !, 
  ahhh so that 's the giant sucking sound ross perot was talking about back in the day ? 
  til . 
  `` look at that smile ! '', 
  all the while some sombre music plays in the background . 
  besides the dutch one , the swiss one was pretty good especially when it came to the eu and that exit :d, 
  shots fired . 
  you have n't seen `` ucho prezesa '' yet ? 
  that pokes fun at the jarkacz ... 
  switzerland . 
  twelve points . 
  only if you continue making funny videos about trump :p, 
  gib back commonwealth !, 
  am i doing it rite ? 
  considering they have a guy in charge who was so saddened by castro 's death , i can kinda see why . 
  i doubt the democrats will get anywhere though . 
  they 've been too focused on identity politics . 
  also , democrats ca n't run cities for shit , case in point : flint , mi . 
  an hour ? 
  some layovers are longer than that !, 
  i will admit that the holding over a passport stamp in 2014 is a bit on the ridiculous side , though . 
  ... or not so stronk since even those 4 countries ca n't always come to an agreement anyways ... 
  europa first !, 
  netherlands second though :p, 
   snopes so not a direct link then ? 
  can you provide a direct link to this instead of a snopes article ? 
  this x 1000 . 
   literally two hours ago trump ordered the removal of white nationalists from our watchlists as part of a long series of clear support for white supremacists . 
  do you have a link for that ? 
  sounds interesting ... 
   entire list of acts that show trump 's racism . 
  that list had no links to anything credible , it will remain hearsay unless you can provide a video or audio track where trump himself says what you say he says . 
  at least the people who mentioned the `` grab them by the pussy '' thing managed to provide audio proof . 
  also , you 're citing jesse jackson who makes a living on race baiting so i recommend taking what he says with a grain of salt . 
  [ italians will however ... ] ( https://jamestown.org/program/the-multi-faceted-reality-of-italian-foreign-fighters-in-ukraine/ ), 
  how is milo racist when he has a black boyfriend ?
