   india i do n't even know what is going on there . 
  the only thing i can think of would be the after effects of british colonialism but i have no idea about india , sorry . 
   if we define anything as poverty as not german median levels , then sure , it is still poor , but it would n't tell us anything . 
  it tells us that countries east of germany still have tons of catching up to do and might not ever catch up as while they are catching up , western europe countries and their economies are moving farther and farther forward . 
  in short , countries that were poor will still be poor but hey , at least they get a new coat of paint every now and then . 
   cries in spanish never gets old . 
  i love this story , it just drives home the point that life can still be somewhat absurd :d, 
  because democracy is a greek invention :d, 
  i refuse to believe this . 
  we had a digital technology minister here in poland and here was his desk : http://m.natemat.pl/5a21310c1ed50aed52c35a58008649ad,640,0,0,0.jpg, 
  i do !, 
  sounds like some weird version of spanish to me . 
   has turned himself over ... in his sleep . 
  `` there 's a serial suicider about , three people have died of bullets to the back of the head ... '', 
  oh yeah , i heard about that . 
  i think they still play them on our tv ... 
  poland : we realized we are still here and went back to hating each other and everyone else around us for no reason . 
  i know , right ? 
  while the area does look nicer , you can still see the poverty just underneath it all . 
  this is like the `` hanging chad '' scenario in the 2000 election in the us : something completely silly fucks up everything . 
  you know what i mean though :p, 
  he made so many u-turns that he 's now looking at his own ass . 
  why not have the euro as a trade currency while at the same time people use a national currency in their own borders . 
  that way all of europe wo n't have to be dragged down into the pits whenever we have another greece-like default scenario . 
  why are we at the behest of a ratings agency ? 
  looking at the map on the side bar , we neighbour 4 eu countries . 
  are we to consider our fellow eu countries enemies as well ? 
  that is some seriously paranoid shit right there ... 
  they existed ? 
   every neighboring country hold up . 
  are we doing the martyr of europe act again ? 
  jesus h. christ , is our country really that paranoid that we think everyone 's out to get us ? 
  are n't the brazilian telenovelas also popular in poland ? 
  a german asking for camps in poland ... absolutely triggered !!, 
  ask the swiss ... 
  socialist europe !, 
   poland is number 40 hell , poles tend to hate each other around here so i am not surprised . 
  if they 're using us state plates then it miiiiiight be illegal ( not a lawyer ) . 
  i think the license plate thing was a trend in florida as in the us you only need to have the proper fl license plate on the back of the car . 
  you can put anything on the front of the car , though . 
  and recorded in their official logs `` we have destroyed $ 10m worth of cocaine on this day '' . 
  what i am just supposed to submit to your idea that these `` refugees '' are some kind of a boon ? 
  fell off the back of a truck . 
  we have our own problems , why invite people with their own problems ? 
  as you can see , they tend to cause mostly trouble and are a net drain on their host countries . 
  then they 'll assault the innocents or even make them into accomplices . 
  sure , but that device can hold thousands of books in one device . 
  some people just do n't have the room to have thousands of individual books in their homes . 
  human beings with a heightened potential for criminality . 
  instant access , no physical media ? 
  who cares about all that ? 
  they come from places where they do n't even have a dictionary look up the meaning of the word `` civilization '' . 
  they should not be allowed here , it 's not our problem that their countries are in a constant state of chaos . 
  yes , let 's just import people who are barely civilized so we can continue to feel good about ourselves and moralize . 
  so you are more than happy to let in thousands of potential criminals hidden amongst the millions of refugees ? 
   for those unemployed so how is that any different from welfare ? 
  considering how many neoliberals gutted post soviet-bloc countries of just about everything worth having , at the time , just after communism fell , it 's no wonder people just might not like them . 
  muslim celts or celtic muslims ? 
  you decide !, 
  is `` krach '' an actual romanian word ? 
  because it means the same thing in polish : crash as in `` stock market crash ''  referring to one of the newspaper headlines in the video . 
  interesting ... i wonder how many asylum applications finland will receive once this goes in effect . 
  because you have not lived anywhere near the european version of gypsies . 
  you may have lived around whatever gypsy clans there may be in the us but here in europe they are quite different . 
  so that 's where they come from : volcanoes !, 
   it 's their job to spin things ftfy, 
  turkey is getting ready to blend in with its surroundings like a chameleon :p, 
  plus it 's the sticks , there is nothing to do there . 
  [ remember , kids , diversity is our strength !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtrocgb5qj8&amp;t=0s ), 
  you mean le pen ? 
  fiat 126p 's were never all that fast you know ... 
  gypsies are nothing like american blacks , i can tell you that much . 
  american blacks that have led a life of crime can and have been redeemed and are a positive boon to society . 
  there 's no redemption for gypsies , none . 
  no , that is experience , not claims . 
  we see them every day in various european countries scamming , begging , stealing , and more . 
  face it , most of them are thieves and criminals . 
  sorry it does n't jive with whatever narrative you may have . 
  they do n't assimilate at all , they do n't hold jobs , they do n't want to hold jobs but they need money so there you go . 
  everything in their culture encourages stealing . 
  it 's literally their culture to steal from others . 
  have you lived anywhere near any roma ? 
  roma tend to steal and they do so a lot . 
  wellllll ... when you have `` diversity '' literally shoved down your throat without so much as a by-your-leave ... 
   taxing people over 30 with no children we had that it was called `` podatek bykowy '' :d, 
  lem me shake my couch as i am sure i have a few hidden in there ... 
  or fair-to-middling poland ... 
  no , they can not . 
  we 'd like to keep our country safe since it 's damned impossible to tell the terrorists apart from the innocent people . 
  do n't blame us for not wanting to invite or take in people en masse just to have radicals blend in with the non-radicals . 
  here 's my choice : i do n't want to pay for some johny-come-lately 's education , housing , welfare , food etc. 
  it seems like that is what you are implying with `` the choices we 've been making so far '' . 
   run off to russia you 're implying that russia wo n't have an active role in making sure those ee countries run to russia in the first place . 
  we tried taking some in but they ran off to germany so you keep them , merkel . 
  well , when muslims act up in other countries it 's rather difficult to just say `` oh yes , they 'll be fine here , no problem ! '', 
  we hear about stabbings , shootings , bombings , rapes at festivals all happening in places that coincidentally have a sizeable muslim population so can you blame us for being just a tad conservative about this issue ? 
  i 've eaten it with ketchup !, 
  they stopped selling a lot of their good flavors here so yeah ... 
  well , something seems to be going right since some of those babushkas are still chopping wood and doing other activities ...
