  ~ ~ the fire rises ~ ~ the split widens ... 
  we had approx . 
  2 million people leave this country for good . 
  i do n't think the language and culture are an issue for them . 
  also , some people bring in their older family members to live with them in another country . 
  i wish it was made in germany . 
  i 'd prefer that over the chinese-made stuff , to be honest . 
   romania is a on a good way i 'd like for a romanian in romania to comment on this . 
   so you want less opportunities for people from poorer countries . 
  and what about the poorer people in the countries that are left behind and they end up needing specialist care ? 
  `` oh you need a heart transplant but the nearest specialist who can properly perform this procedure is in germany . '', 
  i am no expert on this matter but i 've heard that doctors from the uk and other w. eu countries tend to move to the u.s. since they can make even more money over there ... 
  i can see why you 'd see it that way and i do n't blame you at all . 
  what i meant was that they focus on their students at home first somehow . 
  i know that the u.s. is n't the best example but what they have in their colleges is lowered tuition fees and the like for local students whereas the out-of-town people pay more ( this is highly simplified , of course ) . 
  perhaps the reverse can be done for eu colleges/universities : get more funds from the state for training local students than ones from different countries . 
  it 's difficult to find an english source and one that has a hard % of people who receive the minimum wage in poland . 
  you can take a look here : http://wynagrodzenia.pl/artykul/ilu-pracujacych-polakow-otrzymuje-place-minimalna ( translation : how many poles receive minimum wage ? ), 
  try translating it and if you need help translating a certain portion , let me know , 
  yes , it was full time and in 2010 1500 pln ( before taxes ) was just a bit above minimum wage . 
  this is a polish source but the graph shows the minimum wage over time : http://wynagrodzenia.pl/gus/placa-minimalna i am not sure if i did the math correctly ( 1500 pln divided by 4 weeks in a month gives me 375 pln , 375 pln divided by 40 hours per week ) but the hourly rate may have been 9.37 pln/hour ( before taxes ) . 
  gazprom is n't a western company though , 
  i am not sure on the tax part but from my own experience , i once worked a job that in 2010 paid approximately 1500 pln , after taxes i received 1032 pln . 
  and yes , this was on a formal job contract and all . 
  i am not saying i do n't believe you but no one saw any signs of abuse for 47 years ? 
  i just find it very hard to believe ... 
   90 % or so of your workers in high qualification fields must be domestic how do you plan to keep them , though ? 
   is there a minimum wage in poland ? 
  yes , it 's currently at 1850 pln per month ( approximately 419 eur ) . 
  in a few days it will probably be bumped up to 2000 pln or approximately 453 eur . 
  source : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/minimum-wages, 
  i am waiting to see what happens after january 20th . 
   gazprom, 
  poles that go to the uk tend to stay there with only a very small portion of them ever coming back . 
  so yes , depends on the nationality , i suppose . 
  the uk has similar weather to poland so no change there :p, 
  so i have to ask , after reading this twice : where was the police in all of this ? 
  so what happens after you freeze the moldovans ? 
  from our western neighbour as tradition demands :p, 
  well , the eu is mentioned in the same ~ ~ sentence ~ ~ thread as the split so either we 're talking present-day or the year the berlin wall was built :p, 
  and what about moldova ? 
   ukraine crisis will freeze to a near defacto ceasefire while ukraine moves closer to eu . 
  russia will try to ease tension as the economic crisis bites . 
   plans for a 2 speed europe with a closer core ( where stuff actually works ) will be intensified . 
  a referendum could be close to the uk one in 2017 . 
  uk could become leader of a b team , which basically follows the a team but without influence like norway . 
   more and more refugees will be stop thus leaving an increasing number of refugees in greece . 
  greece will be forced to act or tspiras will have to step down . 
   turkey and the eu 's bond will become closer . 
  aaaaaand none of that happened , did it ? 
  even so , there would probably be a lot less of them operating in romania since it would probably be more expensive to operate there due to either legal or financial reasons , amongst others . 
  correct , because romania would not be part of the single market which includes the free movement of people and companies . 
  notice how the western companies operating in romania are all from countries within the eu . 
  that would also imply that he could afford a car in the first place . 
  sorry if this seems arrogant as i have no idea how much cars cost in portugal ... 
  depends . 
  if the pakistani and indian doctors become eu citizens while living in the uk they can then move to ireland due to free movement ... that or ireland lets them come in there since they have a skill that is in high demand ... 
  i read his peer-reviewed paper ( http://www.cgdev.org/sites/default/files/clemens%20case%20against%20taxes%20rev_2.pdf ) and it was written from an angle that emphasizes what happens when you place quotas and taxes on the highly skilled workers in an attempt to stem the brain drain . 
  u/anarchisto is describing a different situation : skilled workers , such as doctors who received an education at the state 's expense , are leaving taking both their money and skill with them leaving the rest of the country bereft of people to provide proper specialized medical care . 
  commonwealth emigration into the uk , perhaps ? 
   it increases productivity yes , in the host country , not in the country that they emigrated from . 
   encouraging them to develop pan-european , cosmopolitan values and to be more worldly i have nothing against that but `` cosmopolitan values '' are of no use to people who need specialists in countries where there few or almost none . 
  which europe does it help then ? 
  because those two countries are also part of europe and if they get drained of most of their capable workers , how are they supposed to bring any more value to the eu as a whole besides simply being a source of cheap manpower ? 
  china is also not part of the eu and does n't have to follow its rules and regulations . 
  also , you should know that they heavily manipulate their currency to drive up their export-driven economy . 
  somehow i do n't think an economist sitting in oxford is going to know more about a given country than someone who lives there , just a thought . 
   the minimum wage in the shanghai region is higher than the one in bucharest this is not useful information in any way ? 
  u/anarchisto informed you just how low the wages are in romania in comparison to another country that had factories moved to it since you mentioned how salaries are going up ... 
   soviet control lol what year is it ? 
   i havent seen romania doing much why is this even necessary ? 
  he was simply comparing the situation with his own country to china . 
  of course they would n't do well on their own . 
  they 'd be competing against the entirety of the eu on the common market . 
  that 's not even mentioning any possible tariffs , amongst other fees , placed on their products by the virtue of being a non-eu country . 
  it 's still a case of 82 million people in one country vs. 92 million scattered over several countries , each with its own needs , government , culture , economy , etc. 
  it 's up to you , i guess . 
  i stopped worrying about getting downvoted long ago . 
  not going to let the haters stop me from speaking my mind , right or wrong . 
  who cares about the downvotes ? 
  they 're meaningless internet points ... 
  where did u/lexandru say it was the eu 's fault ? 
  that richer countries look to their own people first when it comes to highly skilled labour ? 
  it 's a solution that should work for both countries : the richer country ensures that the native population has a job while the poorer countries keep their highly skilled labour at home since they wo n't have a place to go in the west . 
  keep in mind , it 's just a suggestion and it 's one amongst many ... 
  and just how many romanians can afford to be shareholders in a given company ? 
   why would they bring it to germany . 
  keep the capital with the home office . 
  hell , all companies that have branches besides the place they are from send money back to the home office . 
   revive the academic environment which at least in romania is quite dead , almost no r&d is done here sounds like my country 's situation : /, 
   political imagery of your grandchildren being sent off to clean toilets our political imagery involves dishwashing in britain/uk :p, 
  it 's most likely a metaphor ... sure , you can build a hospital but you need competent staff to run it . 
  with the majority of skilled workers leaving , there would be no point in building that hospital ... 
  whatever lobby eastern europe even has is not rich enough to have the pull necessary to change things , sadly . 
  i never said that they would n't nor did i ever expect that they would n't if they have the chance/opportunity to do so . 
  i am simply commenting on the situation . 
  if it becomes more cost effective to move production to another country , it will happen . 
  it 's being pumped right out by all of the corporations that have their branches here ... 
  will those remittances and investments manage to pay for a doctor to actually stay in romania or bulgaria ? 
  what good is all that money if you do n't have the people to actually perform the required work ?
