  sad !, 
  our relationship with germany is very , very bad for us ( us ) . 
  they 're sending ~ ~ bad hombres ~ ~ average stores . 
  it 's too late , sverige , our politicians have emigrated to your country already :p, 
   you do realize thats not ever gon na occur yes i do . 
   if this happens it will be the perfect monitoring tool sad but very true . 
  have they not heard of kickstarter or , better yet , patreon ? 
  oh yes he did !, 
  * z snap *, 
  not that great . 
  back to your polder ... 
   are there any left ? 
  there are still some left but most , if not all , of them are not even a blip on the eu 's single market . 
  it 's mostly french , german , dutch , and scandinavian companies . 
  admit it , ^ you ^ liked ^ it, 
  i prefer [ the exploited 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oinihklhzys ) version ... 
   in science we trust so why do we still have anti-vaxxers in the eu ? 
  so , in essence , we could n't exactly prevent them from leaving unless you are going to tell me that companies should 've raised their wages 2-3 times higher immediately after we were able to access other eu countries . 
   then why would any specialist ever work for polish company ? 
  they do n't as most of them end up leaving west as soon as they can . 
  it 's impossible for companies to offer the same wages in poland as in , say , germany while operating within the polish market . 
   let people leave you mean the same people who left via the freedom of movement after we joined the eu ? 
  besides , how were polish companies going to pay western europe wages without having the same capital as western europe ? 
  magic ? 
  i 've been pronouncing it as `` cov-fay-fay '' ... 
  `` shock therapy '' happened , basically . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shock_therapy_ ( economics ), 
  because some places called it `` roumania '' . 
  source : http://www.dictionary.com/browse/roumania, 
  vista , indica , the xenon pick-up . 
  maybe they sent their worst cars to poland or something ? 
  i have no idea . 
  it is . 
  i 've worked on and driven those cars . 
  more covfefe ... 
  sounds like poland to me ... 
  not greece !, 
  we have our own incompetent politicians ... 
  you do n't ask your granny , instead you ask her for her phone , set up the necessary security measures , hand it back to her to see if she can still surf what she needs to . 
  tweak until granny is satisfied :p, 
  security begins with each one of us . 
  two options :  do n't log into important sites while using a public network or  enable two-factor or two-step authorization on everything that offers that option . 
  this way anyone who tries to access your accounts from a completely different location will not be able to because they will need access to your email or phone , depending on what the two-step authorization or two-factor authorization has to offer . 
  had to quote myself to hopefully make the formatting a bit easier on the eyes , 
  i hope the trade deal does n't involve tatas . 
  i 've worked on various cars from that company and they are not good cars at all ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carrefour is the english version any different compared to the french version ? 
  because that entry tells me :  a french multinational retailer headquartered in boulogne billancourt , france , in the hauts-de-seine department near paris . 
  the chairman and ceo is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georges_plassat who appears to be french ... 
  as well as transporting stuff between `` poorer '' countries ... 
   they make dlc to fix a game ftfy, 
  who owns it , if i may ask ? 
  only reason i ask is because it has its headquarters in france with a , presumably , french ceo at its head . 
  not trying to turn this into an interrogation , just curious since i 've always thought it was a french company owned by the french . 
  where will a polish company operating in poland get the capital to pay 2-3x higher wages ? 
  austerity : it 's for you , not them . 
  how is a polish truck company that is located in poland supposed to pay 2-3 times more money when they are based in a poorer country ? 
  name a french brand or company that is not owned by a french national . 
   he planned to move to hungary as a `` refugee '' from western europe fuck off , they 're full / s, 
   `` we ca n't offer today $ 3,000 - $ 4,000 to every employee , as no investor would pay for it , '' mr blocher said . 
  in poland , average salaries are $ 1,096 a month . 
  and this is why we , as a country , get accused of social dumping ... 
  [ this ? 
  welcome to the world 's first false advertising claim ... 
  top kek :p, 
  we have the witcher :p, 
  you mean polonium , litwa :p, 
  obligatory joke/10, 
  the horror / s, 
   bavaria splits from germany one day is that even possible , legally speaking ? 
  you have been belarused . 
  it better be some positive covfefe ... 
  use a vpn while using this free service . 
  afaik , traffic going through a vpn is supposed to be secure . 
  why not just tag german goods as `` made in the eu '' then ? 
   my understanding of it is that they make getting a proper id so time consuming and such a hassle that those without the time and money can not get a proper id . 
  umm what ? 
  i 've renewed my driver 's license in an hour while on my lunch break before when i lived in the us . 
  i mean do n't they just make you wait in line , pay money , take a picture , and then print out the id right there on the spot ? 
  how long does that take in 2017 ? 
  keep in mind that this was in florida , maybe texas does this kind of thing differently . 
  sorry , i am just trying to fathom how black people can have issues with getting an id anywhere in the us since the dmv ca n't just say `` no , you ca n't have an id , darkie ! '', 
  because you 'd have court cases about this kind of thing i.e. 
  someone suing that particular dmv for race-based discrimination . 
  pardon me if i am sounding obtuse but do black people have issues with getting a state-issued id ? 
   why are you so invested in defended voter id laws ? 
  because i can not fathom how voting is supposed to work without an id check ... edit : i also have lived in the us for a long time so us-related topics are a bit more familiar to me . 
  i read the article and it just reeks , to me , of incompetence and allowing illegal immigrants to vote by using the `` black and hispanic '' line . 
  here 's what i mean : 1 . 
  as you saw in the video i posted earlier , african-american citizens seem to have no trouble getting a state-issued photo id . 
  so why would african-american voters in texas have trouble getting a state-issued photo id ? 
  texas is a border state so it probably has a lot of illegal immigrants who are not eligible to get a state-issued photo id . 
  democrats always try to get the hispanic vote because that demographic , from my experience when i lived in the us , predominantly votes for the democrats . 
  i simply can not believe that photo ids are considered something that is used to suppress the black vote . 
  how is anyone to have faith in a system where photo ids are not checked ? 
  does n't this open up an avenue towards voter fraud ? 
  i get the fact that there are attempts , some more successful than others , to suppress the black/minority vote but i ca n't believe that they think that photo ids are `` racist '' . 
  contract is still in effect or something of the sort ? 
  what courts and what cases exactly ? 
  i find it ludicrous that requiring a state-issued id , such as a driver 's license or an id card , is considered ~ ~ to be racist ~ ~ something that suppresses the black vote .
