  i 'd rather have it where we do n't let murderers back into society ever . 
  murderers should never get the chance for parole after x amount of years . 
  did they steal the `` r '' too ? 
  i believe you can easily emigrate to poland but i doubt you 'd want to , though . 
  the devil personified . 
  debit card . 
  i am not planning on taking on any usurious credit cards , fuck that . 
  just sitting here watching a ghetto version of the cold war going on ... 
  we just say `` happy holidays '' when leaving . 
   do any think it 's overblown ? 
  ho ho ho , i see what you did there ... 
  magic fibre wifi ? 
  even has its own language/dialect/different way of speaking . 
  filthy communist . 
  it 's illegal here as well . 
  in fact , we had protests related to this not too long ago . 
  look up the `` black protests '' . 
  weed is illegal here and afaik it 's legal or decriminalized in a lot of other countries ... 
  as if our left-wingers were any better ? 
  you mean the guys with [ an actual communist as a co-founder ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leszek_miller ) face it , they 're just as bad as the right-wingers , they 're just bad for different reasons besides being two steps away from being actual commies . 
  i wish we could legalize it and tax it . 
  maybe we could fund our retirement fund with the taxes ... lol , who am i kidding ? 
  it would be picked clean ... 
  hell no . 
  both major parties ( po , pis ) of ours are filled with thieving pigs and so are the minor parties ( psl , sld , whatever else ) - poland, 
  bugger off , touchy-feely persons !, 
  my american friends would tell me that when i talked polish with my mother it sounded like we were arguing ... 
  this ^, 
  i experienced it and voted in the us . 
  we are germany 's second-hand car market ... inb4 stolen car jokes, 
  as american as my american passport . 
   negotiating with nukes donald trump , the nuke whisperer ... `` now , listen here you nukes !, 
  do n't you dare blow up on my watch ! '', 
  as a pole , i take advantage of my `` foreign '' language all the time . 
  the tv version of radio maria ? 
  people will support it . 
  ehhh not sure about this one as our current government has been sucking up to china a lot lately . 
  we 're fucked !, 
  we 're fucked !, 
  ( somehow ... ), 
  pole - person ( male or female ) polish - adjective/language, 
  why ? 
  will the ku klux klan rise again if he wins ? 
  lol at the `` if x wins , i am moving to x ! '', 
  it never happens in numbers large enough to matter ... 
  kombinowanie - the polish art of doing whatever it takes to get something done . 
  usually involves bending the rules as far as possible but avoids breaking the law ( usually ) . 
  love the people , hate their government . 
  and poland . 
  [ it 's tricity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tricity,_poland ), 
  considering our capital city just recently got its second metro line , kinda under par . 
   just wait when ends being president and will come back to poland , hue hue hue . 
  [ classic tusk memes will be relevant again !, 
  spain still remembers franco afaik ... 
  like an 8 , i think ? 
  and that 's only because of the witcher games ... 
  we have [ bathroom grannies ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/be/madame_pipi.jpg ) . 
  they basically collect money for the paid toilets you can find in poland . 
  yes , but they either integrate really well ( vietnamese , thai etc. ), 
  or they are from a similar culture as ours ( ukraine ) so you do n't hear people bitching about those groups of immigrants ( afaik , i could be wrong ... ), 
  oooh the american red dwarf was an abomination compared to the uk version ... 
  probably our pierogies . 
  sooo i got ta ask : why does spain have , from an outsider 's view , seemingly so many independence movements and why wo n't spain let them go ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  the abortion issue is a big one these days ( see the `` black protest '' ) . 
  ah , we also seem to have the constitution itself being challenged with regards to the appointment of judges to our version of the supreme court . 
  immigration is another one . 
  yes , it 's true we do n't have the same kinds of mass immigration from the mena region like western european countries do but people are concerned what goes on in those countries . 
  glad to hear that as i always find it hard to ensure i am not telling someone off when trying to genuinely help them  damn you text medium and your limitedness !, 
  i keep hearing a lot about strikes ... 
  my cursor does so too but then if you keep it there you should get the flag 's name  again , no disrespect  as for britain , well , we 'll see just how `` interesting '' the times become once they actually trigger article 50 . 
   why wo n't you cross the street when there is no traffic coming ? 
  because i 've had times where i did cross the street on a red light and i got a ticket even though there was no one around . 
  no , i am not kidding . 
   smole\u0144sk that 's like our version of jfk . 
  you have all the ingredients : the fir tree , the fog , putin on the grassy knoll ... 
  apologies if i sound flippant but you know you can mouse over the flag , right ? 
  if you 're on mobile then it 's poland . 
  as for the politics , we speak polish and it 's not an easy or useful language to learn so there could be a lot of misunderstandings due to translation errors . 
  we have a rather religiously conservative party in power ( pis , english `` law and justice '' ) but this is also a country that has elected a gay man , a transgendered person , and an african-born man to rather powerful positions . 
  also , since we have a religiously conservative party in power , people think we are overly religious . 
  like everywhere else in the world , our ruling party does n't necessarily represent the common person who is actually eschewing the catholic church . 
  the thing is we had 8 years of another party in power ( platforma obywatelska , english `` civic platform '' ) and they did fuckall except `` nationalize '' one of our country 's retirement funds and some other sneaky shit ( all parties are full of thieves in poland but the most egregious of them all are platforma obywatelska ) . 
  i do n't think ee is islamophobic , more like `` we do n't want to have seemingly random terrorist attacks happening on our soil '' - phobic ... 
  everything starting from the language and more ... 
  new zealand : i already know english and it seems like a nice country . 
  * sighs in lithuanian *, 
  tousand leeters of meelk !, 
  ours would be the same but instead of bleached they would be dyed a reddish color ... 
   nutella , pineapple are you just wearing the italian flag ironically ? 
  never met an italian who 'd be ok with hawaiian pizza  . , 
  which is why we have us missiles :p, 
  well , now they 're not exactly next to us since 1990 but we still have germany to worry about ... 
  it looks like a commie block :o, 
  anytime russia does anything , poland does a collective `` wtf russia ?!? '', 
  is it `` diverse '' too ? 
  europa for both . 
  i have yet to see anything like this though : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jyllands-posten_muhammad_cartoons_controversy when it comes to jan pawe\u0142 ii . 
   portugal  spain literally who ?
