`` it is your guys borders that leak and you cant even find where those leaks go , let alone stop them '' umm poland is being told by germany to take in these immigrants , there 's no leak other than germany trying to foist people we really do n't know anything about because they 've bit off more than they could chew . 
  we already pay a 24 % vat , which is more than some western european countries along with our other taxes . 
   nice little trick inserting `` fighting age '' there have you seen the various videos of the immigrants ? 
  you have to be blind to not see that they look to be between 18-30 . 
  no trick here unless you want to keep on performing mental gymnastics . 
  at least it was entire families fleeing instead of just the men leaving their wives and children to some unknown fate . 
  do n't you think it 's rather odd that 75-80 % of these refugees are men of fighting age ? 
  yeah there 's the odd woman and child but for the most part it 's just men fleeing . 
  they can haul ass across a long distance , they can pay money for a smuggler or whatever , but oh no , they ca n't seem to find a damn weapon to fight for their country and just run off towards our shores looking for a handout . 
  `` germany is to the west . 
  please go there . 
  you will not get money or a house here in poland . 
  no welfare , no housing , no free euros for you ! '', 
  after getting partitioned 3 times by russia and other countries , after 50 effing years of communism and diverting our resources to russia during communist rules , after a whole bunch of other shit russia along with germany pulled on us in the past maybe you can understand why we are just a little wary when it comes to russia . 
  you should see the lithuanian alphabet . 
  they do n't even have a `` w '' :o, 
  well , if we did n't have the ridiculous amount of taxation around here our local employers could afford to pay a decent wage , well , at least the more honorable pl employers . 
  all those men in peak physical condition are fleeing the extremists . 
  why are n't they fighting for their country ? 
  finally , some common sense . 
  as does sweden . 
  or just stop having such welfare systems that encourage this kind of economic migration and make people work for a place in our countries . 
  it 's their problem . 
  they 're the ones swarming our shores . 
  western europe wants 'em , fine , but i 'll be damned if germany is going to be ordering my country , poland , around with its demands . 
  we are a sovereign nation that can not afford to house and possibly employ these people . 
  why do n't those men aged 18-30 stay in their countries and work to make their countries safer instead of running like the cowardly rats that they are ? 
  is it that hard to write `` we need our families in sweden ! '', 
  on those signs ? 
  they managed to write everything else down so where 's the rest ? 
   european union regulation has forbidden the pomaz\u00e1nkov\u00e9 m\u00e1slo label they banned the labelling as such due to not fulfilling the 39 % milk fat rule , not the product itself . 
  so what comes after incest and necrophilia ? 
   a lot of flag you mean `` flack '' right ? 
   not trying to be a pedant or anything , 
  a finn 's greatest fear !, 
  did n't they do that with ireland once already ? 
  i know ireland ! = britain but the `` vote again until you get it right '' precedent has been set iirc . 
  i ca n't explain it either ... 
  amazing how this is the only thing of note that actually happened in this country . 
  define `` vote wrong '' ? 
  not voting the way the powers that be want people to vote ? 
  sorry that we do n't want people who will run off to germany anyway and even if they did stay they would n't integrate well . 
  we did n't cause the problems in the middle east but we 're supposed to pay for it ? 
  fuck that . 
  back where they came from ? 
  they could always just ship them `` refugees '' back if there 's a problem with the limitation . 
  `` fear of brown people '' well , when it 's mostly brown people blowing themselves ( and others ) up or going crazy like they did in cologne , you tend to be a bit cautious . 
  not wanting rampant unchecked immigration = racist good to know . 
  why have n't you hung her from a lamp post yet , then ? 
  if you look at our history you can see why we tend towards nationalism . 
  please come back after your country has been partitioned 3 times by russia and germany and taken over by nazi germany . 
  i am ambivalent about them . 
  let them do what they feel is right for them and screw the eu bureaucrats . 
  inb4 uk gets told to vote again until they get it right, 
  lithuanian * is * a difficult language to learn i suppose ... 
  ah , someone read up on him , i see , 
  ah right , carry on then :p, 
  but are you a sister 's boyfriend though ? 
  we are n't being colonized , though . 
  and no , i am not going to say european colonialism is the best thing to happen to africa , in fact , it 's probably a contributing factor to the situation of today . 
  umm what ? 
  they 're literally funding our infrastructure around here . 
  source : all those eu signs on our highways where it 's plainly stated that the highway was built or renovated with funds from the eu ... 
  or a rainbow ... 
  in the u.s. it 's considered a slur . 
  `` pole '' is the pc term . 
  you 've never seen any sort of independence day celebrations or something ? 
  november 11th is our independence day , hence all the flags . 
   you remember that time when a polish politician demanded spain to pay down a loan from the xv century ? 
  in gold ? 
  yeah , good times !, 
  do you remember the ottoman empire ? 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth farm remembers . 
  you what ? 
  but ... you 're * our * miserable , pessimistic islanders !, 
  and the banter !, 
  i like them for the new wave of british heavy metal and i am listening to this compilation in their honor : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2av7vp0q9s0, 
   eco it 's `` echo '' . 
  sorry for the pedantry but you 're about the 4th person i 've seen that misspelled `` echo '' ... 
  [ according to this cnn article , blm is in europe ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/11/europe/black-lives-matter-protests-europe/ ), 
  hmmm nothing * that * drastic , no . 
  i will have to get back to you on this as i am literally leaving work atm , 
  you just ordered 1,000 litres of milk !, 
   you formulated the sentence like there should always be an opportunity for a person to do that as like a `` right '' . 
  so let me stop you right here : i do n't want that to be a `` right '' or a `` privilege '' or anything of the sort . 
  all i want is for people to have an opportunity to better themselves . 
  is that clearer now ? 
   and of course you did not miss the opportunity to shit on germany by presenting it as if germany ( and france ) is the big vampire lol you are seriously blowing my statement out of proportion . 
  the reverse can be said of we countries getting huffy if anyone even says anything about them that is n't superlatives . 
  i mean `` and of course you did not miss the opportunity to shit on germany by presenting it as if germany ( and france ) is the big vampire that sucks everybody else 's blood out '' is quite frankly hyperbole . 
  it seems you will take any excuse to shit on countries you consider your `` lessers '' . 
  where in my words do i call germany and france `` vampires '' ? 
  could you at least have enough sense to not put words in my mouth ? 
   having the `` rights '' to go better themselves where did i mention `` rights '' ? 
  i mention the opportunity to better themselves , nowhere did i mention `` rights '' . 
   it is literally my own life . 
  my responsibility and my obligation to take care of myself . 
  if i 'm planning to be a truck driver for the next 20 years if i 'm . . not preparing for my job getting automated then i 'm just shit out of luck and i have no pity for myself . 
  just because we live in a civilization does not mean that i get to rest on my laurels and hope everything works out fine . 
  again , if you give people the opportunity to better themselves later in life , then you wo n't have this `` resting on laurels '' .
