  at least a town in greece is featured . 
  we 're not even on that list . 
  sounds like tourist trap food based on the name alone ... 
  the polish left had 25 + years to offer an alternative . 
  they did not and their not being in our parliament this time around is a result of that . 
  when you mention right-wingers are you referring to the onr version or just people who voted pis because they had enough after 8 years of po ? 
  ayyyyyyy, 
  yes , you can trust me , fellow pole ... 
  oh god , not the heeresgeschicht liches , those are the worst kind of liches !, 
  in chicago or the entire state ? 
  correct . 
  we 're mary worshippers ( catholics ) so we may have jesus but not the * right kind * of jesus ... 
  sorry , did n't mean to say slur , more like `` this word tends to be used towards the british by aussies and i am not sure if it 's a slur or not '' . 
  i just used `` slur '' as a shortcut  as for the rest of your post , thanks for the clarification , 
   beef sheets sounds more like a euphemism  . , 
  we do n't have the guns or the inbreeding to be west virginia or alabama . 
  i thought it was poland ... 
  hi there , i heard tacos are one of the best spanish dishes , got any recipes ? 
  do n't mind me , just confusing spain for mexico ... 
  they should be investigated in case they are breaking any sort of minimum wage/contract laws . 
  afaik , the uk has some sort of government-mandated minimum wage laws but please correct me if i am wrong on this . 
  not with meta posts like the one we are in right now . 
  no love for ac/dc ?? 
  actually , no i do n't hate it , i just give back as much as i get . 
  besides , poles get called all kinds of things yet you do n't see one of us making these kinds of `` muh feelings '' reddit posts . 
  you bake them . 
   cuba anyone else getting bay of pigs flashbacks ? 
  that 's a reference to polandball and nothing else . 
  what does `` pom '' mean exactly ? 
  i know it 's a slur on the english but why `` pom '' ? 
   you can use them as detergents i hope you meant to write `` deterrents ''  . , 
  you mean lower poland ? 
  putin - chujlo is how i read it . 
   ac we alternating current now ... 
  this burn could be used as rocket fuel :d, 
   eagles !, 
  correction : the employers who hired these polish workers undercut the local wages . 
  italians . 
  r/mexico cultural exchange  nice mexican dude made a post in r/europe . 
  r/europe liked it , put mexico as part of eu . 
  not in warsaw . 
  in the mountains they get snow earlier than us city folk . 
  ca n't put commie blocks in the mountains . 
  do n't worry we 've got a few left over if you want to feel at home :p, 
  pffft , be polish on this sub and see how far that gets you . 
  also , how odd to find someone who can not handle the bantz from the place that invented banter ... 
  because the next fallout game will be set in romania ... 
  how bad was it ? 
  man , with women like that ... well , i have no words , actually . 
  could be exaggerating the sum they paid so as to guilt trip people . 
  look who 's laughing now !, 
   most of the migrants , escorted by police cars , appeared to be young men and boys yeah how about `` nem ! '', 
  on the whole opening the borders thing ... 
  for a `` profession of the future '' it still likes to keep the salary of cobol or fortran programmers very high ... 
  considering that , according to the article , the pill affects a woman 's hormones it could come as no surprise that it eventually leads to depression or possibly other ailments . 
  in some countries , corporations * are * treated as persons ... 
  we should be able to close the borders as we do not have unlimited room . 
  why should we have to suffer because other countries can not get their act together ? 
  no matter what is done it 's a damn mess and only the common people end up paying for this . 
  i say stop the aid and definitely not accept massive amounts of immigrants , the majority of whom we will never be able to integrate . 
  if it generates people like that then it does n't actually work since the aforementioned people just take the money for themselves . 
  giving aid does n't seem to work . 
  case in point : african countries that receive aid as most , if not all , of the money just goes to whoever is the ruler of a given african country , there 's also this : http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb123758895999200083, 
  i ca n't remember the exact locations but i know i 've seen this in smaller places , not the big chains or whatever . 
  good luck with that . 
  not gon na happen . 
  oh and just how do we deal with this , according to you ? 
  somebody already asked for a `` legal abortion '' as in you sign away all rights and whatnot to the child as a man and they got downvoted to oblivion so there you go . 
  in short , men , because they do not get pregnant for 9 months , will be screwed for life either because they want the child and the woman says no or they do n't want the child and the woman says no . 
  pffft , already went through a situation like this sans the `` child they did n't want '' part . 
  dear helmut , come and get it !, 
  love and armed forced pointed in your general direction , poland / s, 
  kinda shitty unless you are in a big city like warsaw or cracow and even then you may get some heavy accents because you might be speaking with someone who got their education in a small town and moved to the big city for work and such . 
  `` the english language may attack at any time and we must deal with it ! '', 
  let me wipe my alligator tears with these 100 eur notes in peace , please . 
  czech republic is right next door and i doubt the doctors would have any qualms about it and it would probably be cheaper than doing it in poland anyways . 
  speaking logistically rather than `` oh they can just go to the czech republic to get this done !, 
  ah yes the great `` polska a vs polska b '' war ... it was the happening of our time but for other countries it was thursday . 
  i would n't be surprised if it was yet another time they were invited here by our antifa but then again , i lean , more or less , towards the center when it comes to these matters so i do n't know the fascist/antifa scene all that well , 
  nothing like annoying people who have no issue with protesting the abortion ban , right ? 
  forget the fact that they too have shit to do ... 
  do n't forget we get some tourism money from the antifa that visits from other countries like germany . 
  yes , german antifa come sniffing around in warsaw every year on november 11th ... 
  who 's to say that the poor would be able to afford the abortion if it was legal ? 
  not sure if our local nhs would cover something like this ... 
  you 'd get more people though as there are more people off work during the weekend and afaik it 's rather difficult to ignore a huge protest in warsaw no matter how much anyone would try to ignore it . 
  it can be  . , 
  you said `` current uncollapsed economy '' without alluding to anything resembling a parallel version of our economy in your previous statement . 
  maybe it 's me and i am just not thinking all that well after just getting back from a long day at work  anyways , not trying to be dense or anything , just tired i guess , ... 
  not all the women at my office , there were a few out to protest this . 
  i have no problems with protesting this abortion ban but i wish these protest organizers would do it on the weekend as some of us have to work with these women . 
   economy would collapse  everyone would be well off i am getting mixed signals here for some odd reason ... 
  i see those in some places still in warsaw no less and not all of them are shady looking or anything . 
  2.8 % is quite significant for a country of 10.52 million ( 2013 ) people . 
  so does tourism fall under `` import '' or `` export '' ? 
  [ pounded by the pound yet again !, 
  nothing , just asking out of curiosity , 
  oh how i would love for this to happen ... 
  we 'd all be equally poor instead wohoo !, 
  do n't you have a tourism industry too ?
