  what part of the `` i get tired of repeating myself '' did you not understand . 
   forget this `` sources '' argument . 
  whatever `` source '' i 'd ever give here , you will play `` huh this is not the source i like ! '', 
  game , and this also , is not an argument . 
  so you 're not willing to provide any sources , then , and you think i am just going to deny any source . 
  either provide me a source that you have seen and allow me to read it or find a better argument . 
   the problem is you can not stand criticism , period . 
  no , i ca n't stand the same criticism levied over and over again when i 've discussed the same thing with various people from different countries at length . 
  i criticize my own country ( in polish and english , feel free to look through my own post history ) . 
   this is also stupid . 
  no one can `` participate '' ( not even sure what that exactly means ? ), 
  to every society in the world , yet we hold the right of directing our criticism . 
  it might be `` stupid '' to you but so is the `` criticism '' of people `` getting arrested for offending religious feelings '' without providing a source . 
  tit for tat . 
  yeah , europe should not be me-africa 's release valve where they can just send excess population alongside the real refugees ... 
   czech republic citizens punish the people pushing the quotas ? 
  errrrm i guess the only legal way would be to elect a different eu parliament representative but good luck hoping that they will vote your way when they get in there . 
  from the standpoint of the average citizen on the street there seems to be almost nothing they can really do besides what i mentioned above . 
  wheat fields . 
  ftfy, 
  the rocker and the shocker ... 
  yeah , most , if not all , mosquitoes do n't need much water . 
  i remember in florida there was a mosquito awareness campaign and one of things they said was to shake out any old tires you may have laying around as the water would collect in the most concave parts of tires and mosquitoes would breed like crazy ... 
  actually , you want to avoid ddt . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane iirc , it 's been found that mosquitoes eventually become resistant to it and brings a slew of health problems . 
  correct . 
  if this american can do it so can you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzyey6efqms, 
  not sure but i do n't * think * mosquitoes can breed using salt water ... 
  how does that freelance journalist in the article know that the firebomb was the result of a robbery gone wrong ? 
  [ why ban flag burning when you can just make the flags non-flammable ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxkv07ghkiw ), 
  republic , actually . 
  it 's even in the pledge of allegiance : '' ... and for the republic , for which it stands ... '', 
  well , we have a few providers ( see this list : https://enerad.pl/sprzedawcy-energii/ ) but , depending on the region , you might not have access to all of those energy providers . 
  we do n't have that many electricity providers to choose from . 
   revving his lotus esprit in a racist manner . 
  top kek, 
  where i am at right now ? 
  no , you do n't need that atm . 
  i have lived in places in florida where you had to use mosquito netting , sprays , special candles all at once . 
  helps that i am not near a body of fresh water . 
  hmmm , well ... 
  i am currently in florida on vacation and the mosquitoes are a ) very large and numerous and b ) they fly in formations now ... 
  send help ... 
  florida would like a word with you ... 
  [ diversity is our strength ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji-jvm7q5re ), 
  colorized too , i bet ... 
   30gb for 19gbp that 's way better than what i have already . 
  if it were me , i would take it :d, 
  i pay 41.96 gbp ( 200 pln ) for 36 gb of data with calls and texts . 
  only difference is that i do n't pay that monthly and just pay-as-you-go . 
  i use orange . 
  yeah , i probably pay extra but at least i am not leashed to a contract ... 
  i wonder how this will affect users who are not in a contract with a given operator . 
  i use orange 's `` orange na karte '' service where i just recharge my sim card every so often ... 
  spitting image !, 
  come back , we need you ( well , i do as i need a comedic tl ; dr of uk politics as there soooo much going on ... ), 
  well , the only sci-fi book would be `` dianetics '' by l. ron hubbard , imho :p, 
  my hope is that they will see how other countries function in day-to-day life and the ukrainians will be able to enact changes in their home country , if they so choose . 
  well , you guys pretty much blend in until you speak since there is going to be a bit of an accent when speaking polish :p so unless you look or listen really hard , it 's difficult to tell who is a ukrainian or pole when walking down the street . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong , there are some poles who complain about the ukrainians coming here . 
  kind of like the brits did when a bunch of poles came to their country so yeah ... 
  as long as you keep the defamation in your home without posting a video about it , the world will never know ... 
  or download a copy to your phone ? 
  man , we had a local death metal musician rip up the bible in poland where he told the crowd `` this book is full shit ! '', 
  and he did n't get arrested . 
  did go to court but the charges against `` offending religious feelings '' was dropped . 
  i am not sure what to think about this koran burning though . 
  it is a little on the extreme side , if you ask me . 
  certainly there are other ways to express your distaste for a particular religion . 
  one of our cities ( wroclaw , i think ) is already 5 or 6 % ukrainian ( the percentage may be larger , i am just lowballing it in case i am wrong ) . 
  so i do n't think we 've `` had enough of you '' guys yet :p, 
  dae have `` election fatigue '' ? 
  so many important elections in such a short time ... 
  old news :p https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6fw9s0/madrid_bans_manspreading_on_its_public_transport/, 
  because it was different under centrally planned economies , was n't it ? 
  why focus on the diversity ? 
  london has been diverse for quite some time now as it 's one of the world 's most recognizable cities so the whole `` diversity '' thing should be nothing new for the city . 
  in case of paywall :  london -- the commissioner of london 's metropolitan police says the nationalities of the eight victims in the terrorist attack on london bridge tell a proud story of london 's unique makeup . 
  `` it 's desperately sad and poignant but among those who died is someone who 's british , there are french , australian , canadian , spanish , '' cressida dick told the associated press in an interview saturday . 
  `` in terms of our witnesses that we 've spoken to so far , out of the 300-odd people , there are about 20 different countries of origin . 
  and the london british population comes from all kinds of backgrounds and every kind of faith and ethnicity . '' she said longtime londoners value this international aspect of the british capital . 
  `` we believe of course that that 's what makes our city so great , '' she said . 
  `` it 's a place where the vast majority of time it 's incredibly integrated and that diversity gives us strength . '' dick became london 's first female police chief in april , taking over the sprawling agency also known as scotland yard several weeks after a terrorist attack on parliament . 
  since then a crowded manchester concert featuring the pop singer ariana grande was hit by a bomber and three knife-wielding men in a rented van attacked civilians in and around london bridge . 
  if dick is rattled by the rapid pace of attacks , it does n't show . 
  speaking in quiet , measured tones , the 56-year-old points out that london has been hit by terrorist attacks throughout her life . 
  the police and intelligence agencies have tried to prevent complex , high-tech plots -- such as those designed to bring down commercial flights -- but now they are dealing with a rash of less complicated attacks on soft targets , she said . 
   `` the threat is changing , '' she said . 
  `` we can not for a second assume there is no one out there who is not intent on highly elaborate methodology ; there probably are , so we need to secure our airliners . 
  but we also have some quite volatile individuals who go from having what you and i would regard as utterly vile extremist views to being motivated to carry out an attack . '' she said this change from passive observer to active extremist sometimes happens in a very short period of time , complicating the police task of determining who poses an active threat . 
  it 's been a dreadful week since the london bridge attack , but dick takes some pleasure in the way the city 's buzzy street life has returned full force . 
  she was happy to see the city thronged with tourists and shoppers and locals on her way to the new police headquarters building on the river thames saturday . 
  `` london is an incredibly resilient city , '' she said . 
  `` london carries on . 
  the metropolitan police carries on . 
  and londoners will be out and about tonight . '', 
  eesti can not into nordic :p, 
   estonia , a nordic nation, 
  the thirst is real .
