  hope the results , whatever they may be , work out for the best !, 
  i am not advocating the death penalty but these guys were dealing in meth . 
  so they should be put away for 20 + years . 
  they 'll maybe do 12 years and then they will go right back to making meth again . 
  also , meth has serious social costs as it causes a rise in violent crime and everything else associated with meth addiction so , to me , it is worse than a singular violent crime because it leads to multiple violent crimes . 
  12 years is not long enough for drug pushers . 
  should be double that , imho . 
  cops still took too damn long . 
  but what do you expect when relying on the state to protect you ? 
  poland sent mostly support staff to the 2003 iraq war . 
  the source is a wiki link but should give you some leads to follow , if you so wish : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_involvement_in_the_2003_invasion_of_iraq, 
  here 's our rates : 1 rude comment = 50 sek 2 rude comments and a risque reaction image = 300 sek 3 rude comments = 1000 sek we only accept cash and payment in advance . 
  hmmm . 
  we have ridiculously high rents in warsaw , just barely got our second metro line done , errrrm corrupt politicians ? 
  oh and vietnamese markets where they sell all kinds of tat along with ukrainians and belorusians selling smuggled cigarettes around one of our main train stations ( wilenski station ) . 
  you 're getting in the way of our victim mentality !, 
   ~ 10 % of babies have a different father than what 's on the papers ( and the fathers had no idea ) . 
  so these guys did not know they were not the fathers ? 
  that 's kind of fucked up if you ask me ... 
   northern europe is all of europe til, 
  i know that , i sometimes fall into that category myself but i always try to make sure i read the article . 
  does n't always happen ... 
  i actually did read the article . 
  too busy invading czechoslovakia at the time ? 
  or how about people eating a stanky kebab ? 
   gender-neutral expression for that ? 
  there you go . 
  i think the reason they have the `` women only '' cars is because since they would be so packed in with the men , they would be getting groped and such . 
  how about `` three meat and legs '' ? 
  well ... there 's this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dohh4r65vf4, 
  i never mentioned russians in any of my posts . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
   you 've conned your way into a nice position in the economy so an ad hominem and equating getting a good job = conning your way . 
  great argument . 
   you 're afraid you 'll lose if we change how we do things under communism everyone loses save for party members . 
  actually , does n't japan have separate subway cars for men and women ? 
   i do n't know how things are in poland they tend to be similar to what you describe . 
  although , i will say that people will give up a seat for pregnant women , older people ( male or female ) , and handicapped people ( people in crutches or with a cane ) . 
   but , as a measure of efficiency , yes in a crowded metro do close your legs if that means more people desire to sit . 
  most people if they had any sliver of a decent upbringing do this already . 
  however , if a train/tram/metro train is not crowded it feels nice , as a man , to give some breathing room to the old family jewels . 
  we are used to having what we have between our legs is my best bet . 
  not even getting into that bunch of nonsense . 
  women do n't have the old meat-and-two-veg dangling between their legs either . 
  the fuck ? 
  i 'm sorry if this seems offensive but how can anyone prevent an earthquake or do something while one is going on ? 
  thanks for the article , btw , currently reading through it  and yes , it relates very well to the video i posted earlier . 
  you mean `` sch\u00e4uble '' ? 
  it 's only an `` excuse '' if the person making the statement is from a country that is not germany or france . 
  i do n't have to be objective about it when it 's not that difficult to see that every country that was in any way communist or centrally planned failed . 
  failed venezuela ? 
  failed north korea ? 
  failed do not think that communism or anything calling itself `` communist '' is better than what we have now . 
  it 's a shit system and that is all there is to it . 
  look at this guy with his decadent grayish sunlight ... 
  some of us wish for even that :p, 
  oops , my bad . 
  missed that part , thanks !, 
  errm ... colombia is outside of the eu so how did these gangs get here ? 
  i am waiting for the v8 version ... 
  part and parcel , strong and stable we 'll withstand these attacks as long as we 're able, 
   its really a modern myth that merkel invited the world to germany . 
  and it 's one that is used by people smugglers all the damn time . 
  instead of turning the boats back , the ngos that have been ferrying people who sabotaged their own boats because they knew the ngo ships would take them to european shores instead of dumping them back in north africa . 
  i am not sure what could 've been done other than severely punishing the ngos that have been providing a free ferry service to the mena immigrants . 
  never said it was . 
   `` importing '' implies that they were consciously transported from their home country into germany . 
  they were transported by ngos to italy who `` saved '' them a few miles off the libyan shore when they , the refugees/migrants/whatever term you wish to use , sabotaged their own boats . 
  so they are n't being `` imported '' into germany directly , no , they are being imported into italy where they then haul ass , if they can , to germany , france , sweden , any western european country . 
   i really cant imagine germany as it is today just letting the east go down after an attack well ... i can especially with our government being the way it is these days . 
  besides , with some of the actions germans have pulled ( see the nord stream fiasco , the immigration issue ) i would not be surprised if they casually threw the east under the bus . 
  they may be a different nation from the past but history has quite a few examples ... 
   a lot of people see this as a never ending stream of migrants from africa [ because that 's exactly what it 's becoming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ), 
   vwls r fr pssss ftfy, 
  well , we do n't use the letter q except for foreign words that use it . 
  check our history . 
  it ai n't pretty ( along with everyone else 's history ... ) . 
   maintaining homogeneity and what 's wrong with that ? 
  warsaw , amongst other cities in poland , does not need to have a huge demographic shift just to be politically correct . 
  i am running out of popcorn from all of these `` interesting times '' . 
  itt : butthurt from nord stream and nord stream 2 . 
  gon na be a fun ride ... 
  while smoking a cigarette with it ... 
  look up `` konkordat '' . 
  we literally signed a sort of contract with the roman catholic church . 
  because it 's usually espoused by people in their 20s who think that everything will be just goddamn peachy if communism was tried instead of that awful , nasty capitalism that just prevents them making it in their life . 
  they 've never experienced even a sliver of it , they think that everything will get solved by it , and they do n't account for human greed and/or ambition . 
  communism , or whatever it gets twisted into by the ruling regime that flies the communist banner , is a system where everyone except the party apparatchiks is poor and there is no social or workforce mobility without approval by the ruling state . 
  tl ; dr it 's pure bullshit but people will tell you a ) it 's never been tried b ) it 's not real communism/socialism and c ) they forget the death toll of communism/socialism . 
  yeah right lol ... 
  no , i know what it is because i experienced it . 
  but keep pining for communists , hopefully you will get to experience it one day . 
  i mean yeah , i wish that there was a humane way to send people off with a `` well , here 's your muslim country , have at it . '', 
  without violating a slew of human rights but unfortunately there is n't anything like that . 
  also , just to let you know that we in poland have people on national mainstream tv calling for `` repression , registration , deportation '' and god knows what else of muslims . 
  so , please do what you can to avoid having this kind of shit get to the governmental level ... 
  please note that i am no fan of islam but i do n't want us , europe , to become the monsters ... 
  and this is relevant how ? 
  that is n't being weak , that 's just doing the right thing and avoiding unnecessary drama . 
  why stick with a woman who is going to be `` intense '' all the damn time ?
