  in polish it 's `` republika czeska '' ... 
  i speak english & polish and will continue to call them `` pepiki '' . 
   the afd regional chair , georg pazderski o , nasi tu byli !, 
  ( it 's a polish phrase for `` oh , some poles were already here ! '' ), 
  i mean they 're * swedish * , that 's more than enough !, 
  ( kidding by the way  ), 
  that scottish diet article is behind a paywall . 
  `` premium content '' indeed . 
  and then switch sides ? 
  money yes !, 
   southern economies now we just need the eu version of a civil war / s sorry , just ca n't help drawing parallels between the american civil war and what is kind of going today . 
  the only thing missing is slavery ... 
  i get blocked videos in my country here and there ... 
  if they have backdoors then they 're technically no longer encrypted ... 
  hold the phone , finnman . 
  i am more boring than you !, 
  they just come here to work instead . 
  you go , bromania !, 
  i 'll take 3 !, 
  neither does `` we will buy the entire bulgaria '' and yet here we are :p, 
  cdp red has already stated that there will not be a 4th witcher game . 
  btw , if buying an entire country was possible then what would one do with the people living there ? 
  throw them out or assimilate them somehow ? 
  speaking hypothetically , of course . 
  if you ca n't beat them , buy them !, 
  you have to use `` szwaby '' when talking about germans in a negative light :p, 
  it 's still behind the west when it comes to making money . 
  when you get paid 2k euro in some we country for one job and you get maybe 3k pln for the same job in poland , it 's no surprise people move where the money is . 
  all those brezhnevs !, 
  you got all those people to reply . 
  try the oreos with milk , they 're really good that way . 
  in polish `` niedziela '' just means sunday , though . 
  which other slavic languages are you referring to ? 
  president of presidents here , get back to work you guys !, 
  i think it 's also an allusion to poland & hungary 's mutual history but i could be wrong . 
  poles like their nutella more than peanut butter afaik ... 
  nazi fanta in what used to be known as poland before the partitions !, 
  [ anschlusses internally ], 
   tacograph ok , now i am hungry ... 
   strong core europe with 27 satellite states is this part of the `` satire '' too ? 
  and at 0.1 kbp/s ... if you 're lucky !, 
  copper is good to steal yes but catalytic converters bring in even more money if you 're quick and the converters are n't usually being used to conduct electricity like copper :p, 
  poland is not about to close its borders to hungary . 
  way too much mutual history . 
  or they got stolen by alcoholics for scrap to buy more alcohol !, 
  in dog years , maybe . 
   the sharply divergent trajectories of ireland and greece should make you pause . 
  i explained in my follow up post my argument as to why ireland managed to prosper while greece did n't . 
  there are , of course , many other factors that can be added . 
  it 's too bad you failed to read it and just glossed over it . 
  is this the level of your argument and intellect ? 
  how is the soviet union a strawman ? 
  it directly affected the economic development of the countries that were part of it greatly . 
  why do you deny this by flailing about with arguments `` oh look it 's a strawman ! '', 
  instead of explaining why you say it 's a strawman . 
  if just labelling something as a strawman without at least bothering to say why it 's a strawman then your level arguing is no better than mine . 
  i wonder where the cash will go ... 
  perhaps she appealed the fine and that is why it went before the district court ? 
  i believe there are legal ways to refuse paying a fine , no ? 
  suit up !, 
  i understand that the `` up to 6 months '' is a maximum sentence and all but may i ask what you would define as `` very serious discrimination work '' ( if it 's even possible to have an objective definition of such ... ), 
  i understand but in this case it was only one business , not a group of businesses in the area so hard to tell if there was any demonization going on . 
  anyways , for me , it 's rather difficult to understand putting someone in prison for a non-violent crime such as refusal of service from a private business . 
  please note i am not advocating that businesses refuse service , just having a hard time seeing how the punishment fits the crime . 
  may i ask for a source , please , on the first portion of your statement ? 
  serious question but how is any prison term justified in a denial of service case when it 's a private business ? 
   merete hodne had risked up to six months in prison for religious discrimination for turning malika bayan away from her hair salon six months in prison just for saying `` no , i wo n't cut your hair '' ? 
  i get the point but how would sending someone to prison help with the discrimination , if it actually got that point ? 
  the person running the shop would lose 6 months worth of business , would probably end up closing the shop if they are the sole proprietor , and would then be unemployed . 
  what are sanctions ? 
  or economic crises like the one in 2008 , 
  you do realize that there would be severe consequences for the attacking country if that ever came to be , right ? 
  ah sorry  should 've specified more clearly :p  on the other hand , it 's easy to get knowledge how bad it 's somewhere else . 
  that too is true . 
  well , ask yourself : why would an eu country attack a fellow eu country in the first place ? 
  yeah , i should 've written `` less rich '' i suppose . 
   our problem is that we prefer to compare ourselves with western europe ca n't be helped since the internet lets you know just how rich those countries are , 
   yes man . 
  it 's always eu money . 
  always . 
  oh i am sorry , you 're absolutely right , it 's just magic . 
  god forbid someone draw a correlation between joining the eu , receiving eu funds , using those funds wisely in a way that boosts the country 's economy , however they do so . 
   sweden 's state from the 1930s onwards was extremely interventionist was it as interventionist as the soviet union ? 
  did it suffer communism for over 45 years ? 
  i mean you mention `` extremely interventionist '' but how much does it compare to the intervention of the soviet union ? 
  i somehow doubt that `` extreme interventionism '' for sweden was the same as all countries under the soviet union diverting most of their resources to satisfy the demands of the soviet union . 
   finally some honesty . 
  better than your insufferable smugness . 
  yeah , in poland you can not smoke inside any restaurants or most bars ( only ones that serve no food at all allow smoking inside ) . 
  smoking inside our parliament and the like is strictly forbidden . 
  maybe ? 
  i have n't watched tv since 2012 . 
   ireland - for hundreds of years it was extremely poor and deprived compared to the uk , but now they are actually richer and have higher human development index because they had a nice influx of eu money . 
   short-sighted to say east europe is doomed to be forever poor . 
  maybe not forever but certainly for a long , long time . 
  you have to remember that a lot of these countries had to suffer through communism . 
  guess what ? 
  while those countries were under the yoke of communism , countries like sweden and the like were free to develop their economies with no major interference from the state . 
   china communists took over , fucked everything up as they always do because communism or whatever passes/passed for communism is doomed to failure . 
  also , before communism did n't china have issues with widespread opium abuse ?
