   we finns tend to shit our pants with excitement when other countries notice us/we are mentioned somewhere , ahh yes , the `` finland mentioned ! '', 
  phenomenon ... 
  thanks , mr. 
  swamp german . 
  do n't need pyros . 
  sometimes it just takes an accident after a long dry heat to start a fire ... 
  you have been * sunglasses * belarused yeaaaaaaahhhhhhh ... 
  we can send more than one unit , you know ... 
  yes but they wo n't expect the space hussars to make a landing in belarus , now would they ? 
  oppressed belarussian minority detected !, 
  engaging the little green men protocols !, 
  that reminds of the time i had austria kick the ottoman 's ass for me in euiv while i played as poland :d, 
  i thought we had [ space hussars ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/pp6ylw6 ) ... 
  damn russians ca n't keep a secret for shit !, 
  all welfare gets misdistributed . 
  if perfectly healthy people are getting money for no work , that 's a problem and i , for one , do not wish to pay for others . 
  i am no special snowflake , just someone who has been working since 16 and never once sat on unemployment or received any kind of welfare . 
  as for self-centeredness , well , i 'm expected to work to pay my way , why ca n't others , if they are healthy and able to work , do the same ? 
  i should not have to pay for the well-being of others ( i do n't mind if truly disabled people get some of my tax money , i am selfish , not heartless ) . 
   better chance for your fellow man to realize his own potential and lift everyone around him up yeah no , that does n't happen . 
  that usually turns to my `` fellow man '' sitting on his ass collecting welfare checks . 
  i am more than happy to pay for good infrastructure and the like but i am not willing to subsidize someone else 's existence . 
  the 90s , for us , were known as the `` wild 90s '' since everyone was scrambling for all kinds of cash since there were n't too many regulations at the time . 
  we signed the non-proliferation treaty so we ca n't even have them legally . 
  also , i would n't trust our current government with the button ( yes , i know it 's not just `` press button , bomb goes boom ! '', 
  but i hope you get my drift . 
  oh i know most of them go in with that in mind , that 's a definite constant . 
  after all , politics pays very , very well . 
  just look at the money the eurocrats are rolling in ... 
  totally understood , 
  it 's an overblown welfare state that i do n't like . 
  there should be some safety net but not to the point where a person can just sit on their ass and have no incentive to go out and better themselves . 
  i lived in a country with a relatively decent welfare state and it always pissed me off that i worked my ass off to the bone , paid my taxes , and i would have to deal with people buying high priced luxury food with food stamps ( i worked as a cashier for a while ) and then i would have to cart it out to their brand new car all the while i would be driving something 8 years old or older . 
  that 's why i do not like having no direct control over where my tax money goes because it always ends up in the wrong hands . 
  [ if you like tusk so much , please take him , we 'll even pay you for it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pujevbqj1xg ) . 
  make poland great again ( by not allowing tusk to ever set foot here :p ), 
  i doubt that there are so many french people willing to vote for marine le pen , not saying it ca n't happen as trump was proof that unlikely results can occur . 
  i am sure sweden has someone with sticky hands syndrome as well . 
  no country is perfect . 
  also , they have a rather generous social welfare system which , imho , lends itself to abuse as perfectly healthy people can just sit on welfare if they want instead of working . 
  oh god ... anyone but tusk please !, 
  that man can not even speak english properly , ffs !, 
  yeah , that part where the corporations can pick and choose their tax base is rather troubling but i doubt it will change since they have the money to influence politicians . 
   that would be as inefficient as communism was . 
  perhaps , but , as of right now , too many people are involved in deciding where the money goes besides their own pockets . 
  i know taxation is good but i would much rather decide for myself where the tax money goes and i wish i could give it all to the places that need it ( healthcare , police , and schools and 0 money to the political parties and religious institutions , starve those vestigial organs ) . 
  just showing me where it goes is not enough , i want a system like they have on humble bundle where you can direct how much money goes to a developer and charity , for example . 
   you 're not making sense . 
  if you are impotent , why does your trust matter ? 
  did i ever say it mattered ? 
  i know damn well my distrust is but a fart in the wind . 
   i understand that throwing up your hands in the air and saying that everyone is corrupt and you ca n't do anything about it must be comforting , but by disenfranchising yourself you 're simply giving the corrupt more leeway to screw you over . 
  ok and so what do you propose ? 
  because every politician is a corrupt person so no matter what anyone does , they get corrupt people in power , the only difference is how well they manage to hide the corruption or how much they manage to steal before leaving office . 
  i vote when there are elections , sure , but my choice is always between who happens to be the less corrupt asshole on offer . 
  `` public interest '' = whatever the government says it is . 
  so is he going to get tried for anything or will he just retire ? 
  yes , i know that . 
   when people refuse to accept corruption as natural they can swing the the fight for the good guys , just look at what romanians have accomplished this past week . 
  i applaud their effort but who 's to say that their politicians wo n't try the same thing again and again ? 
  you think they wo n't ? 
  individual citizens are politically impotent , what the hell do you expect me to do here ? 
  actually trust politicians to not be corrupt ? 
  lol . 
  oh and tell me why should any wealth i generate get taxed to hell and back ? 
  if i was truly self-serving i would be in the polish parliament already . 
  the only problem i have with the current system is that , from an average person 's point of view , there do n't seem to be any consequences for politicians if they fuck things up . 
  for example , when we switched from communist rule to democracy the former rulers lived comfortable lives instead of rotting in jail like they should have . 
  or when you see yet another politician go through a scandal practically unscathed and unjailed . 
  as long as any wealth i generate for myself does n't get slapped with high as hell taxes , sure , but i do n't feel like sharing with others . 
  i know that and i resign myself to that fact since there 's not much i can do about that . 
  how would the contributions from the member states be guaranteed ? 
  if you recall that not all states contribute their 2 % to nato , how would it be different under a common eu army in your opinion ? 
  yes , it is a human trait but the ruling class usually gets away with the corruption unless they were really obvious about it and got caught like the romanian government or like fillon in france . 
  prosperity is built on making money aka the economy , not by trusting the political establishment that only seeks the trough . 
  because , unfortunately , there is no alternative as of right now . 
  it 's not the best system but it `` works '' better than nothing . 
  yes but it 's not the same as a common army though , otherwise we would n't have the subject of a common eu army in the first place . 
  are they france and germany ? 
  are you asking me to actually trust politicians and the bureaucrats that surround them ? 
  please , i 've seen too many scandals all over the world to ever trust them again . 
  feel free to try and make the world a better place but you 'll probably become like the rest of them . 
  let 's hope the opportunity proves to be a positive and successful thing , then , 
  and who would lead the common army ? 
  how would the chain of command look like ? 
  who would set the common fiscal policy and would it involve something other than austerity for all ? 
  it would work the same way current governments work if it wanted to get anything done . 
  one way or another , the `` non-establishment '' people would do the same thing current governments are doing . 
  apologies if i am coming off as obtuse or whatever but i generally mistrust the ruling class no matter what they manage to do . 
  ca n't trust the bastards . 
  look , i already saw the video about the rules for rulers so i already knew the points you 're making . 
  apologies if this comes off as `` i am very smart '' , just want you to know i understand and agree with your points . 
  the only thing i know , though , is that , from where i sit , it does n't look like politicians are held accountable by the people they are supposed to serve aka the average citizens . 
  not eurosceptic but at least somewhat balanced in their approach . 
  but they are simple . 
  politicians think only of themselves and to think otherwise is naive . 
  what is complicated in this scenario ? 
  i would like to hear your take because you keep mentioning the word `` complicated '' without presenting anything complicated . 
  if you think i am mistaken feel free to correct me . 
  we 're already in a formal union , what more do you need ?
