  burn !, 
  ahhh that damned potato . . it ruined ireland , it ruined the plc , and now it ruins our livers ( vodka ) . 
  he does n't look like he 's fleeing ... more like strolling at a casual pace away from the terror . 
  sooo what are the details ? 
  there was a `` no details '' flair on this post and now that 's gone ... 
  ah you 're right , there was a foiled terrorist attack in 2016 in rotterdam iirc . 
  mods need to add a `` centimeters '' flair , imho . 
  netherlands , norway ? 
  my condolences to the victims : /, 
  you have to remove the potato from your mouth , though . 
  stay safe , dude . 
  and may whoever you take in not cause you any harm . 
  seriously ? 
  what country are you in that has this kind of thing ? 
  do they not have any signs telling people to slow down for that curve ? 
  it seems like people are driving full speed while turning into that curve and that 's why you get all those wacky hijinks ... 
  [ park your car the english way . 
   muslims  they regularly drink alcohol and eat pork . 
  so wuslims , then ? 
  the magic money tree seems to be there for politicians to give themselves raises , though . 
  have there been any cases in the french parliament where there was dissent from the president 's own party ? 
   he probably wants to make sure to have the largest majority that goes without saying as having more of his party 's members in the legislative body would give him more support for his policies and the like , if i am reading this correctly . 
  question : why did they opt for editing a video instead of making their own ? 
  ah right , i forgot about those , thanks !, 
   with this logic , the big banks would never need to be bailed out . 
  banks ! = individual citizens . 
  has cooking gone too far ?!? 
  i am not a fan of ubi since the money would come from the state and the last thing i would want is to be even more dependent on the state . 
  thank you !, 
  there 's always the so-called `` working poor '' . 
  the eu is the new commonwealth :p, 
  shameful display . 
   a strong social protection if you 're swimming in money you do n't need social protection . 
   then it 's safe to assume they will the moment they 're asked to pay into the pot seems like you 're missing a word or two in this sentence . 
   they should be given life sentences . 
  yes . 
  but does he have money ? 
  maybe in an ironic way but even that is very rare . 
  in france ? 
  kaczynski ca n't do shit on his own . 
  he would need a willing pawn and i do n't think anyone in pis is just * that * dedicated to stick their neck out for such a fundamental breach of eu rules . 
  i read the article but i have to wonder if a portion of those 111.908 claims are n't the chronically/permanently unemployed simply not being counted anymore . 
  projection . 
  one would think the swiss would be the last to eat dog but i guess not ... 
  they 'll just find something else to be high and mighty about in the end . 
  we have the best covfefe . 
  simply the best . 
  amazing . 
  it 's true !, 
  two comments regarding the swiss . 
  please show me on this doll where the bad swiss touched you ... 
  flipping a switch burns calories , man ... 
  fake covfefe, 
  when fighting monsters be careful not to become one ... 
  they ruined scotland !, 
   our lady of cz\u0119stochowa please , she 's seen worse , much worse . 
  bloody lithuanians !, 
  comin ' over ` ere , boosting our local economy with their euros . 
  i 'm paul nutall of the ukips and i believe that the ~ ~ best ~ ~ richest and ~ ~ brightest ~ ~ those looking for some alcohol should do so in lithuania ... 
  do n't give anyone even more `` bright '' ideas ... 
  vodka is liquid potato ... 
  [ fuck the usa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=og5t-3q8mds ) edit : only posting this song so people can have the appropriate music to get their hate boner on ... 
  well ... do black americans cat call more than white americans on average ? 
  or is it just a cultural thing regardless of race ? 
  do keep in mind that the `` might '' is a rather big `` if '' because we had this kind of situation before with a minister and he never ended up facing a state tribunal so ymmv and all that ... 
  yeah i figured as much . 
  i do n't have any faith at all in our system when it comes to our politicians . 
  sorry , i should 've clarified with `` he might face a state tribunal '' if he continues with his present course . 
  [ the japanese decided to take care of paris in their own way . 
  ] ( http://nypost.com/2016/03/14/japanese-tour-guides-are-cleaning-the-filthy-streets-of-paris-themselves/ ), 
  this is an idea i can get behind 100 % as our politicians do this too !, 
  just invite polish tourists , we 'll give you enough heartache to fuel your fado :p :, 
   i 'm more thinking of the actions or omissions of polish president duda for example . 
  i do n't have an english article but he is supposedly looking at facing a state tribunal . 
  we also provide educated and semi-educated labour . 
  i hope they do cut funds to poland . 
  why ? 
  because i 'd rather not have us being dependent on eu hand outs like some damn beggar anyways . 
  better than smell-o-vision !, 
  i like the red background behind corbyn in the thumbnail :d, 
   why do n't they just pump police officers in to these `` no-go '' zones and enforce order ? 
  depends on how much the government is willing to spend on the police . 
  keep in mind that they would probably have to raise taxes in order to pay for the extra police forces . 
  he 's talking about the `` poland steals cars '' meme . 
   retroactively strip citizenship i am not sure it 's legally possible to do that without violating a human right or two or all of them . 
  i get your point but i am not sure stripping someone of their citizenship , especially if they were born on european soil , will work in the way we think . 
  user name checks out ? 
  how are you going to determine a like on facebook is ironic ? 
  damn straight !, 
  or cops not wanting to go there in the first place from what i 've heard about the term `` no go zone '' . 
  and what if they are born in an eu country but from a migrant background ? 
  what if they have n't been taught by their parents ( why oh why would their parents not teach them basic manners ? ), 
  how to behave in polite society ? 
  ayyyy, 
  [ laughs in spanish ], 
  you have to use the hyphenated version now . 
  british-european / s for the humour impaired . 
  goddamn germans ... spiking my covfefe !, 
  / s reeeeeeeeeee, 
  many such cases !,
