  close enough for government work :p, 
  `` come to poland , your car 's already here ! '', 
  i had to double check on my keyboard too :p, 
  have you not heard the counterargument that `` you ca n't be racist towards whites '' ? 
  the k and l keys are right next to each other on qwerty keyboards ... 
  doubt warsaw will get anything at all , really . 
  we 're still `` eastern '' european in some people 's minds , i think ... 
  instead , have a `` diversity visa '' . 
  edit : removed bad site . 
  [ :o ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fibfsues-oo ), 
  [ including the danes themselves , apparently ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  if you want to count slavic and anglo-saxon as races , i guess ? 
  it 's kinda stretching it though . 
  i never mentioned bad grammar , i mentioned a limited vocabulary and offered a solution to that problem , two different things . 
  i have n't seen you offer anything better other than stilted invective and name calling . 
  at least get better material than what 's in your polish to english dictionary , it makes for a better discussion , thanks !, 
  and you have no sense of humor . 
   apparently high european standards have n't been stolen yet by backward poles . 
  ftfy :p, 
   but as long as the only thing a polish immigrant cares about is how much vodka costs in the local polish shop nice sweeping generalization . 
  and they get ridiculed and arrested whereas the muslims in the picture i presented are allowed to have these signs out with no interference . 
  so holding up signs like `` behead those who hurt poles '' will get the message across , then ? 
  and how do you suggest they stand behind each other ? 
  form vigilante groups or [ hold protests like these ? 
  poles are n't a protected group so no worries about social consequences . 
  so murdoch is [ elizabeth b\u00e1thory ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elizabeth_b\u00e1thory ), 
  yeah , i noticed the author is polish and from a rather left-ish party in poland ( razem ) . 
  because he is rich and has access to better health care than most of us ? 
  `` the barrage of the farage '' ? 
  [ austria 's greatest accomplishment is in effect ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cwbsmmi.jpg ), 
  no achievements , no tax evasion . 
  this is why i use the / s thing . 
  damned text medium !, 
  tapping berlusconi 's head like that looks like serious disrespect to me ( see `` juncker salutes berlusconi '' ), 
  yes , the imperium of mankind must happen within my lifetime :d, 
  could be the new bling  `` you see all that money i owe to the government !, 
  that 's how rich i am ! '', 
  ha ha fellow human . 
  my visual sensors have noted you have been fooled by my pretending to be a robot . 
  i have noticed you have an addendum fellow human . 
  editing one 's internet posts is a very human thing to do , yes . 
  says r/totallynotrobots, 
  the refugee problem is a complex issue but i 've watched videos where ordinary people were asked about immigration and the like and they cited all the recent events that happened to have immigrants involved in those events . 
  some of these people lived and worked in western european countries and came back to poland for whatever reason and they cited the same thing . 
  now try the same thing with a polish wage in poland , 
  but with a german wage , though , right ? 
   shops ca n't find cashiers . 
  in poland we 're getting more and more self-checkout registers in just about every major store and fast food restaurant so soon those cashiers wo n't be needed as well . 
  what irks me is that people forget the working class and then just expect them to change skills at the drop of a hat or something . 
  that would be an improvement : they 'd still have the hurricanes but a warmer climate . 
  you were still in germany though and as for things being cheaper on the other side of the border , were you buying that with euros converted to pln or were you making a polish wage and paying with polish money ? 
   juncker on the other hand can be toppled . 
  all it takes is a vote from the european parliament . 
  and not the people so not all that easily toppled as eurocrats will protect their own . 
  it 's rather far-fetched to be friends with someone over a period of time knowing damn well they were from a different country and then just going full racist once the brexit vote was decided . 
  like ... why would you be friends with someone for a period of time if you do not like them for any reason ? 
  `` close friends '' usually implies that two people have been friends for quite a while and all that . 
  maybe they just want to avoid the american tourist 's reputation ? 
  hence my edit , 
  til that poland and hungary are `` godforsaken places '' . 
  we may not be rich countries but we 're certainly not `` godforsaken '' !, 
  edit : not sure if the author was being sarcastic or using a particular writing technique that i do n't recall the name of to get their point across ... 
   i 'm talking specifically about the many references to `` close friends '' , `` coworkers '' , etc. 
  that i 've been reading about that 's what i am talking about too . 
  it 's like a switch has been flipped from `` we are friends '' to `` bugger off you foreigner ! '', 
  between people who were friends for a long time . 
  strangers being racist to strangers is nothing new but suddenly emerging from people who were one 's close friends ? 
   prince brexit of windsor gets me every time :d, 
  `` western europe prices , eastern europe wages . '', 
  not really , we do n't . 
  maybe for food and basic stuff like that but everything else tends to be costly . 
  i mean hell , we have a 24 % vat going on around here ... 
  yes , i get that but this is just a bit on the ridiculous side , no ? 
  one thing that has me thinking about this story and the german woman 's story is why would their friends just up and turn on them all of a sudden ? 
  did someone flip a switch from `` normal rational person '' to `` fuck all the johny foreigners ! '', 
  or something ? 
  it 's like a weird horror movie plot ... 
  like i said , nothing wrong with leaving the country if that 's what you need to do but there 's no need to act like an ass about it or think you 're better than someone else for doing so , 
  ehhh , i wish my country had germany wages but c'est la vie ... 
  it 's not the country , it 's the attitude . 
  polish diaspora does the same thing : leave the country and then say how poland is below them or a worse country etc. 
  nothing wrong with leaving the country of one 's birth but do n't make it like you 're better for leaving . 
  what 's with all the deleted comments ? 
  there is the popular vote and then the electoral college votes . 
  as i said earlier , there was an election where a candidate swept the popular vote but the electoral college chose a different candidate ( see the 2000 election ) . 
  so , in short , the public 's votes are not the final deciding factor in the presidential election but they do get to vote for their preferred candidate . 
  it was a joke , sorry you did n't get it . 
   except white people ftfy, 
  jo cox 's murder was a consequence of a lone nutter . 
  trying to pin this one on all eurosceptics is just a cheap tactic . 
  da , pepperidge ~ ~ gulag ~ ~ farm remembers ... 
  maybe it gets exaggerated when she 's under stress ? 
  i do n't know , not an expert on this topic . 
  i do know that my family lived in the us for over 20 years and my father and mother never lost their accents despite living and working in the us for quite some time . 
  well , to be fair , they 're not out of the eu yet :p, 
  so we ca n't vote for these bastards but they can put into law these kind of things . 
  who let these guys decide they can do this ? 
  what 's that euros ? 
  you want to decide on these issues ?
