  an irregular immigrant is a person who comes to the eu without a proper visa or permit or who overstays their visa . '', 
  i am sure you are . 
  [ eu migration policy ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/atyourservice/en/displayftu.html?ftuid=ftu_5.12.3.html ), 
  i can see it just fine , thank you . 
  still , continue riding that high horse , i guess . 
  it 's hardly a surprise that you give yet another generic statement instead of anything specific . 
  anyways , continue on your merry way , i see we 're not going to have a meaningful discussion . 
  not even eesti can become nordic , what chances would you have , litwa ? 
  needs a bit more oomph :p, 
  it was [ the b\u00f6rkening ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy_yf4zz-yo ), 
  care to list your sources or are you just going to throw more buzzwords and generic statements such as `` look at poland from outside to see what image it is projecting '' ? 
  sorry but i am not a mind reader . 
  it passes the ~ ~ litmus ~ ~ seamus test so it 's legit ... 
  how dare you have any shred of decency ? 
  who are we supposed to bag on now ? 
  the family is getting a special pension from the government . 
  lol , you know nothing about poland and yet here you are making sweeping generalizations . 
  did you just pick random buzzwords out of a dictionary or something ? 
  i see we 're not going to have any sort of constructive conversation here so i bid you good day . 
  `` s\u0105 sposoby na sposoby '' : p when there 's a will , there 's a way ... 
  ... it 's saturday niiiiiight !, 
  that 's not how that argument works , though . 
  [ his papers were found in the truck that was used in the attack ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/12/21/europe/berlin-christmas-market-truck/ ), 
  i never said `` i would '' but `` i bet '' as in not really sure if i would or not , in short , i was speculating rather than making a definitive statement . 
  also , can you speak for every portuguese person residing in portugal ? 
  i am still interested as to how you came to the conclusion that we elected a proto-fascist , if you do n't mind . 
  i know you 're not saying every pole but just like the actions of a small minority of brits against poles should not color one 's perception of the entirety of britain , one should not use fringe groups , such as onr , as a measurement as to how racist a country is or is n't . 
  i bet that if i were to go to your country i 'd get dirty looks for whatever reason too from some of the locals . 
  yeah , we 're literally paying people in the hopes that they breed or something . 
  look up `` 500 + '' . 
  he 's still not in an elected position . 
  he 's neither our president ( that would be andrzej duda ) nor our prime minister ( that would be beata szyd\u0142o ) . 
  one of the points listed is `` rampant sexism '' so how would you explain our prime minister , who is a member of kaczynski 's party and , well , female ? 
  please explain how we elected a proto-fascist considering the person you consider to be one is not elected . 
  umm , if we were scared of brown people , [ why would we elect one of them ? 
  so i got ta ask because my curiosity is getting the better of me : were your overall views on poland and the people shaped by the media and youtube videos that you saw or your actual experience in poland ? 
  only asking because i am curious as to why you 'd go to a country that , in your words , has `` racist nationalists that are abundant '' . 
  the nick `` unitpoland '' did n't give it away ? 
   a word or phrase , often an item of jargon , that is fashionable at a particular time or in a particular context . 
  fits the definition though :d, 
  ca n't have people expressing their views no matter how much you disagree with them , right ? 
  but that 's ok , you are free to have an impression of our country from youtube videos , i really do n't care . 
  that 's the november 11th independence day march . 
  those marches maybe have 150,000 people at best , poland has a population of 38 million people ... that 's not really all that abundant , if you ask me . 
  they have to file permits for that march months in advance , they ca n't just march like this out of the blue . 
  also , the local antifa has a countermarch to block them from getting to the statue of roman dmowski , the final destination of that march . 
  i do n't agree with the people marching in that video but they do have legal permission to express their views as intolerable as they are . 
  i hear that south korea made covered bike trails in the center of some of their roads and they used solar panels on the roof of the bike trail . 
  that would be a much better implementation of solar panels , imho , since you can tilt them properly towards the sun . 
  the panels on the solar roads would not get the amount of sunlight needed to be useful . 
  this , basically . 
  may i ask if you lived in our country or even visited for any extended period of time ? 
  may i ask for your source for the `` racist nationalists which are abundant over there '' ? 
  i never said i was n't surprised , just wanted to know who is this `` proto-fascist '' we elected according to u/mynick1906 . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with that , i like knowing that the terrorists will not come here to do their thing . 
  complaining is our national sport , what can i say . 
  who happens to be a fellow truck driver ... 
  me too . 
  took me a while to see the hand-on-forehead . 
  and also hardly any attacks such as the charlie hebdo shootings , the attacks in nice , or the one in berlin . 
  we also have n't experienced something like cologne or rotherdam . 
  why would you when you already have data on the components used to make the solar roads ?? 
  the materials to make all of those inventions had to be transported ... 
  it 's easy to give away money that 's not your own ... 
  who is the fascist ? 
  if you answer `` kaczynski '' , please note he was not elected . 
  we did elect a band of populistic commies ( pis ) , however . 
  because they only have major source of immigration : from the south ( cubans count as political refugees , haitians are sent back if they do n't make it on land , see `` wet foot , dry foot '' ) . 
  europe has a lot of people coming in both by sea and land from various countries . 
  if those people do not have any documentation either by purposefully destroying it or losing it for whatever reason , that makes it even harder to ship them back . 
  wonderful . 
  guess we just give up then , sorry , it 's just my impression on the whole matter . 
  feeling a bit pessimistic about this entire situation so it affects my bias ... 
  they should 've thought of that before deciding to not recognize their own citizen ( s ) . 
  i remain hopeful that that is how isis or those who say they are affiliated with isis see it . 
  security through irrelevance , perfect . 
  sanction their home country until they agree . 
  there 's no need for the eu to be blackmailed by some tiny countries who ca n't be arsed to take back their own citizens . 
  tunisia not recognizing him as a citizen , if it was proven that the guy * was * a citizen of that country , sounds like a problem we need to deal with asap . 
  we should not have to harbor guys like anis sticking around european soil simply because his home country magically `` fails '' to recognize one of its own citizens . 
  nah , never gon na happen . 
  sooo is multiculturalism going to make them more productive ? 
  if so , how ? 
  good luck with that when a ) they do n't have any papers for whatever reason and b ) they come in such quantities that it 's quite difficult to process everyone in the manner you suggest . 
  damn straight . 
   not let it reach us . 
  too late for that . 
  german efficiency myth ruined !, 
  somehow i doubt that and yes , i know you 're being sarcastic . 
  `` do n't listen to any other information other than our information , citizen ! '', 
  `` polish death camps '' implies that the camps were of polish origin . 
  `` death camps in poland '' would be using the geographically correct location . 
  cretan spy detected :p, 
  ah that borrowing , my bad , i thought they were going to `` borrow '' from us again . 
  `` borrowing '' yeah , we also had our national retirement fund `` borrowed '' by the other set of assholes aka po , see how that turned out ... 
  tell that to the romanians who get misrepresented as gypsies ... 
  the historic polish-hungarian friendship has withstood the test of time so there 's that :d, 
  * strong independent country who do n't need no saviour :p, 
   poland had mass protests at least we 're still able to do that if we disagree with the government and the police are n't likely to shoot at protesters like they would in the 80s ... 
  germany , you look visibly larger and luxembourg is missing ... ( reference http://i.imgur.com/kulu3wm.png ),
