  `` he used to be on good terms with angela merkel when he was prime minister of poland !, 
  scandalous ! '', 
   `` this is not a time for institutional bickering , but the pressure for him to resign will only become greater and chancellor ... is the rest of this article behind a paywall or something ? 
  whisky or whiskey ? 
  slight difference , although i have to say that [ irish whiskey ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0xpyss9.jpg ) is breddy gud :d, 
  no / s mark . 
  damn penalty shots !, 
  i think england has enough interesting things going on already :p, 
  poland : kaczy\u0144ski was elected head of the law and justice ( pis ) party for another 3 years and joked that the 7 votes against him were proof that democracy exists in pis . 
  how well did that work out for them ? 
  soo a bigger version of belgium then?https : / / en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation sorry for mobile link . . on phone . 
  man , looking at that list now and i have no idea ... 
  confederate states of europe ? 
  a noble video card has died in the line of duty after 5 years of faithful service . 
  and with popcorn !, 
  soooo a union then ? 
  so honorary members then ? 
  keep in mind that we , geographically speaking , are surrounded by minus craic ... 
  here come the plastic paddies ... 
  you have to choose the format you want to download the book in . 
  the orange download button should take you to another page where you can choose how to receive that specific publication . 
  english is the most well-known language so i doubt it will go away that easily . 
  pitchforks and torches versus guns . 
  who will win ? 
  was n't trying to make it out as such but i see your point . 
  i should 've communicated it better , sorry !, 
  username checks out ... 
  [ union of craic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jsz0pu2.png ) thanks r/ireland :d, 
  thanks , that does sound like an excellent idea , 
  yes , i see your point , thank you !, 
  what would you talk about to an eu rep in person , then ? 
  then read the publications pertaining to agricultural law within the eu . 
  basically yes . 
  we would need to tell them officially and legally though , 
  they 're children 's books . 
  if you , as an adult , want more info then you can look up how agriculture and the eu works and explain to your kids the reality . 
  those books are meant as an introduction but if you see them as propaganda ... well , that 's up to you , i guess . 
   supporting sweden u wot m8 !!?!?!, 
  protests are a form of speech and last i heard free speech is protected in democratic countries . 
  how do you define `` pro-eu '' propaganda ? 
  i am looking through this and it looks like you can download pdfs and e-book versions . 
  take this `` environment for europeans '' publication : http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/environment-for-europeans-pbkhad14058/?catalogcategoryid=dyaep2owdpcaaafh2zdqobpl, 
  looks like you can download pdfs too , 
  yes , i can only imagine ... 
  i have no idea why i would need to visit poland 's rep. 
  i mean what would i talk to them about ?? 
  not that i think it 's a bad idea but you know ... awkwardness ... 
  how do you propose we do that ? 
  lay down cable across the ocean by ourselves ? 
  launch satellites ? 
  the sanctions were a response . 
  depends on the country , i suppose . 
  as for poland , eu law can override statutes but never the polish constitution , 
  scotland is a separate country that united itself with britain while still being a country called scotland . 
  catalonia is an [ autonomous community ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autonomous_communities_of_spain ) within spain so it 's almost like texas trying to secede from the us . 
  i say `` almost '' because there is a host of other factors that differentiate catalonia 's ambitions from texas but i am trying to draw parallels here , 
  what 's more dangerous for spain would be to allow a constituent country , like scotland , to enter the eu while still being part of the uk ( remember , they voted in the recent uk referendum ) scotland would need to formally break off from the uk to become an independent country and then start the eu process . 
  the only reason spain would block their acceptance is because they are still part of the uk . 
  scotland would need to break away from the uk and reapply to the eu as its own country . 
  too bad us little people ca n't band together to make a new internet completely free of this kind of crap . 
  let the corporations and other nasty things have the current network while those of us who want the old internet back can have our own network . 
  could a mod sticky one of these march for europe posts ? 
  there 's two of them already ... 
  to be fair , the referendum is n't legally binding . 
  last i heard it was meant as an advisory vote to advise the uk parliament of the people 's wishes . 
  reptilians do n't exactly have any external bits that denote sex like mammals do :p, 
  well , all those poles in the uk are making the uk look bad now ... wait , i am not sure how this can be spun positively o.o, 
  can you blame them , though ? 
  ah so that 's why he looks like one of the faces of meth , the alcoholism . 
  ah that 's entirely different , than . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  you probably could do that if you can find remote programming work  i am not sure how that all works as i am not a programmer myself but it should be possible , 
  like i said , i know germany does n't run things on its own but i was trying to show that the common man would see an economically powerful germany and think `` well then , i guess they must run everything ! '' . 
  basically , i was just trying to illustrate the uninformed person 's view regarding the eu  also , the california comparison is kind of apples and oranges since federal law that comes from the white house overrules state law and one state can not by any design rule over the other ones , regardless of the population size . 
  the eu , afaik , does n't have federal laws that can overrule those of the sovereign nations that make up the eu , 
  [ assuming direct control ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xcffyes.jpg ), 
  finland is in the eu so russia would n't dare to attack an eu member . 
  playing devil 's advocate here : germany is the most powerful economy in the union so it 's difficult to believe that you , as a country , are n't somehow running things . 
  on top of that , we all know that politicians and the like favor back door deals so while germany may not be running the eu on the face of it , we do n't know what goes on behind closed doors . 
  just so you know : holocaust denial is also punishable . 
  only one plan ? 
  really ? 
  still disappoint ... 
  well , to be fair , they did take over most of spain and portugal so they 're not completely clean in the history department either ... 
  well , they do n't pay western europe/us wages but , depending on the field you go into , you can quite well off as far as polish conditions go . 
  say you get a job that pays you 5000 pln ( approx . 
  1262.82 usd ) then you can live quite well . 
  of course , those kind of wages are for skilled jobs like programming and the like , 
  eet eez nicht mein : http://www.davidpbrown.co.uk/jokes/european-commission.html , 
   pounded in the butt by my book `` pounded in the butt by my book ` pounded in the butt by my book `` pounded in the butt by my book ` pounded in the butt by my own butt ' '' ' '', 
  i thought an austrian would have planned for this kind of thing and would have a spare set . 
  i am disappoint ... 
  back to ze keller with yuo !, 
  where will you put the olympic athletes if greece were to host the olympic games ? 
  will the students have to move out ? 
  and vietnamese , chinese , etc. 
  or the unemployed just move to another country . 
  but what did that french charity worker sow in order to reap an attack like this ? 
  i mean they are a charity worker ... wtf . 
  bring back old runic !,
