  i do n't know about your country but when i lived in poland during the 80s my father traded in foreign currency ( he was a `` cinkciarz '' ) on the side to make ends meet and we still had to stand in long lines for basic necessities . 
  as for the respect , i am sure they received respect from their colleagues but did their life get any better for it , not just in a material sense but overall ? 
  not everyone has a flag though ... 
   as for the bread lines , i know that it was the reality for some , but i 've lived comfortably and i 've never experienced something like that . 
  i 've experienced this and it 's not all that fun . 
  also , those who lived `` comfortably '' during those times were usually party members or related to such , just so you know . 
  and just how does the left-wing plan to account for those differences ? 
  look , i am not sure where you 're going with this but all i know is that i 've been working since i was 16 years old and i learned from first-hand experience as to how good capitalism can be if you apply yourself . 
  i worked , i received a paycheck , i advanced in position . 
  if i wanted more , i had the opportunity to get more and that , to me , is what matters : the opportunity to get more if i so choose . 
  communism stifles that . 
  not socialism or communism either . 
   you make it sound like following your ambitions were necessarily good . 
  and what 's wrong with following one 's ambitions as long as they are legal to follow ? 
  should i just sit back and let the state coddle me or something ? 
   you could certainly achieve great things in communism oh god ... what could you possibly achieve in communism ? 
  standing in long lines all the time because of the shoddily mismanaged central economy ? 
  yeah no thanks , please keep that red disease to yourself , 
  i do n't know , different people have different life circumstances so i ca n't authoritatively say why they are where they are . 
  yes , yes it will , if i choose to apply myself . 
  as for my ambitons , i do n't have many these days , just want to have part of the capitalist pie and that 's it really . 
  not looking for anything grandiose and the like . 
  capitalism is fucking awesome !, 
  what other system will let me go as far as my ambition will take me ? 
  certainly not communism . 
  yeah no , you can not convince me that communism or whatever called itself communism , has any validity . 
  it was shit and it will always be shit . 
  capitalism is subject to bubbles ( see the great depression , the dot com bubble of the early 2000s , the 2008 economic crisis ) but at least it can bounce back . 
  communism starts out mismanaged because it fails to account for human greed whereas capitalism accounts for human greed and ambition and actually works . 
  may the bolshevik bastards never gain power ever again . 
  communism ( i do n't care to hear how it was n't communism , it was a red menace all the same ) ruined my country during its 45 year stay . 
  i remember the inflation was so bad that 1 us dollar was equal to 10,000 plz ( the old pln ) at one point . 
  we had martial law in the country for 3 years . 
  great success !, 
  i remember standing in line for bread for 3-4 hours . 
  yes , just bread . 
  it was a shit system and i still ca n't believe that there are people who think `` oh but real communism has n't been tried ! '', 
  makes my blood boil and it 's why i am a capitalist , through and through . 
  really ? 
  what if people go into a panic and someone gets injured or , worst case scenario , killed because of that ? 
  try polish and wonder why you are n't learning a useful language :p, 
  slacking on your polish lessons , eh ? 
  it means `` may white jesus purge all the heretics '' / s, 
  the bike thing , yeah , that 's more of an infraction . 
  the guy throwing a backpack into the crowd while yelling `` allah ackbar '' that could be considered the same as yelling `` fire ! '', 
  in a crowded theater , no ? 
  oops my bad ... it 's kinda small hence my not seeing it the first time . 
  not advocating it , just wanted to point out a potential source . 
  no ~ ~ silesian ~ ~ kaszubian either !, 
   `` i do n't like jews , we should kill/jail/deport them all '' < - hate speech and can be prosecuted . 
  i agree with that 100 % ( the prosecution , not the statement in itself ) . 
  we 've got a bunch of vietnamese people living in poland , about 50-60 ,000 if the statistics are right . 
  we 're bound to get more , i am sure . 
  may i ask how you 're getting electricity from hydro ? 
  only asking because i do n't know much about the swiss lay of the land ... 
  trump has his own money , though . 
  could you clarify your statement , if you do n't mind my asking ? 
  very cool !, 
  ukrainians and poles can be considered migrants too since they migrated to germany . 
  like it was n't getting exploited under the ussr ? 
  lol . 
  and how is the swiss electricity generated , if i may ask ? 
  that sounds remarkably similar to us :d our government could n't build roads without a whole bunch of scandals , now those same roads are supposedly cracking and going bad . 
  if we ca n't build roads we should n't even attempt to have a nuclear power plant ... 
  ahhh ok , thanks for the reply anyways , 
   they just wanted to carve it up business monopoly style the oligarchs did that alright ... 
  did lithuania have stores where only party members could buy from them and those would be filled with food ? 
  as a kid i would be sent by my parents to stand in line for bread for 3-4 hours . 
  hell , i still remember the `` food stamps '' ( kartki ) from back in the day . 
  [ then how will you get the eurohoney ? 
  * pollen, 
  why not ? 
  might be the reason she refuses to die / s, 
  oh that 's more than enough , 
  man , you will need more than one pole who lives in warsaw for that :p, 
  railroads are n't as ubiquitous as roads in some countries and you still have to transport the items in question from the rail station somehow . 
  what are you looking to do in warsaw ? 
  an election . 
  same in poland . 
  i 'd have to see . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't exactly fly to mexico to test this myself atm and i do n't think i can easily find any mexican beer and even if i did , it would not be the same : /, 
  moldova makes some very good wines , 
  if you only drank zywiec or warka or lech around here , no wonder you thought we had bad beer :d we have good regional beers but they may be a bit harder to find . 
  source : http://www.gettyimages.com/detail/news-photo/right-wing-nationalist-protesters-hold-a-banner-saying-stop-news-photo/496716048#rightwing-nationalist-protesters-hold-a-banner-saying-stop-of-europe-picture-id496716048, 
  reverse image search shows this picture is from getty images https://www.tineye.com/search/df54219d3debabf9f48b840d97413474efdd0d3c/, 
  found a pdf by harvard here : https://research.hks.harvard.edu/publications/getfile.aspx?id=336 ( muslim integration into western cultures - harvard university ) not sure if you 're looking for that but it has some graphs and stats for you about a variety of topics . 
  this article suggests the data in that picture was compiled by an anonymous individual http://www.unz.com/akarlin/immigrant-crime-in-germany/, 
  then you should be fine  make sure to bring some sweaters though and a raincoat as we do tend to get some heavy rain during this time , 
  february is mostly gray and depressing , march is a bit better but still on the chilly side , and april is when you start getting some decent temperatures although i am not sure what is `` decent '' for someone from mexico , 
   newly inaugurated moldovan president changes the official language of the presidency website from romanian to `` moldovan '' did he do it personally , though ? 
  i kinda miss the old mexico landmass jumping in on the eu map ... feliz navidad , amigo/a !, 
   none of the wars in the past have been declared by our fellow europeans so what about the last 2 world wars ? 
  wew ... we 're barely above lithuania , according to that graph : /, 
  [ germany invited them ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-opens-its-gates-berlin-says-all-syrian-asylum-seekers-are-welcome-to-remain-as-britain-is-10470062.html ) so we 're supposed to as well ? 
  hell no . 
  italy and greece receive a lot of migrants because of their geographical location . 
  they either come by boat or land . 
  `` regular immigration : * the eu is competent * to lay down the conditions governing entry into and legal residence in a member state , including for the purposes of family reunification , for third-country nationals . '', 
  emphasis mine . 
  `` combating irregular immigration : the european union is required to prevent and reduce irregular immigration , in particular by means of an effective return policy , in a manner entirely consistent with fundamental rights .
