  and all of those things you 've listed have been around long before trump even ran for office . 
   he 's already laying the ground work to suppress the voters if this is about voter id laws , please let me know . 
  so what makes you think he/she is trolling ? 
  you did n't read the entire thing , did you ? 
  bulgaria . 
   a wall is not the answer for that . 
  i know that this question is a broad one in its scope but what , in your opinion , would be an answer ? 
  i highly doubt germany will ever get anyone who even remotely thinks about being nationalistic for a loooooong time ... 
  i was being sarcastic :p sorry for misplacing the / s in my previous post , 
   have a look at this list compiled by statistics finland  statistics finland something tells me that the statistics about finland made by finland are going to have a bit of a bias ... 
   american is the richest , most powerful country in the world and you do n't see a problem with them extorting a struggling nation for cash , so they can wall them off ? 
  tarriffs , not cash . 
  are you actually expecting the mexican government to send trump a check or something ? 
  as for walling off , perhaps they should stop letting people emigrate to the us illegally . 
   that is the order trump signed . 
  you can google it to verify i am not making it up . 
  note the bolded text and how it does not specify illegal immigrants . 
  ( `` aliens '' is the term used in the us to refer to immigrants ) the burden of proof is on you , you made the suggestion so i think it would behoove you to provide a link instead of making me google it . 
   please . 
  there is zero evidence and studies and investigations have already been done for years , producing no indication of widespread voter fraud . 
  like i said , we 'll see what the investigation brings up . 
  [ germany may attack at any time so we must deal with it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gloerdfv30g&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=355 ), 
   punitive taxes to make them pay for it . 
  since it 's their citizens that are illegally emigrating there , i do n't see the problem . 
  after all , those same illegal citizens send millions , maybe billions , of dollars back home that benefit the mexican economy . 
   they want to defund any cities who do not adequately round up illegal immigrants . 
  this is a good thing because those cities should not be harboring people who entered the country illegally . 
   they want to create a public list of all crimes done by all immigrants in the country . 
  all immigrants , even the legal ones ? 
  do you have proof of this ? 
   they are spreading fear and lies about millions of immigrants voting illegally and trying to steal the election for the opponent . 
  they are also launching an official investigation about this so we 'll wait and see on that one . 
   and trumps spokesperson blatantly lying in that `` press conference '' if you can even call it that after he just walked out without taking a single question . 
  that first press conference was a well-deserved dressing down of the press . 
  imho , the american press is a bunch of lying scumbags anyways , one way or another . 
  besides , the next day he had a proper press conference where a ) he took questions and b ) addressed the issue of crowd sizes further in a much less hostile tone . 
  as to whether he was lying about it or not , that 's up to your own interpretation of events . 
   but you use it in your response to my statement regarding how saying 3-5 million illegals voted in our election was a lie . 
  it was just a lie , why ca n't you admit this ? 
   you say supposedly , but why ? 
  why supposedly ? 
  why should we suppose something when there is no actual confirmed official evidence of it . 
   of course there is voter fraud , there is voter fraud in every single elution in every single democracy in the world . 
  shall i send you all the trump voters convicted of voter fraud ? 
  the number of incidents of voter fraud in the us election process is literally negligible . 
  it has no effects on the outcome of the election , it represents something like .0001 % of all votes in the nation . 
  it is a matter of hundreds not even thousands , yet the president can get away with saying 3-5 million illegals voted ? 
  you let him get away with such an absurd statement that just undermines our democratic system ? 
  considering that there is an official investigation launched about this , i will wait and see what happens when the investigation is done . 
  why is it a bad thing to want to prevent illegal immigration , which is a problem in the u.s. ? 
  so i have to ask , what 's your take on those of your countrymen emigrating illegally to the us ? 
   \u0105\u0119 those two are polish letters first :p, 
   there is a timelapse of the entire inauguration day for both 2009 and 2017 . 
  the picture that you are referring to is when trump is at the podium with peak attendance . 
  just for your reference i will post the video . 
  please tell me if you wish to deny it still . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8thddhyfuta i will say that the video jumped around too much for my liking and it would 've been a better time lapse if the perspective stayed in one place but i do see what you mean . 
   attacking the press , which is a crucial component of our democracy . 
  so speaking negatively of the press is not allowed nowadays ? 
  got it . 
   you ca n't just cite any article as proof . 
  you even said to me `` there have been supposedly 800,000 votes . '', 
  what does that even mean supposedly ? 
  so now supposedly is proof ? 
  trump said that 3-5 million illegals voted in the election , i demand to know what he is basing this on . 
  he made this claim both before and after he was sworn in . 
  was i citing it as 100 % certified proof ? 
  no , and that is why i said `` supposedly '' because i am not willing to accept anything at face value , just wanted to show that there is a possibility that there may have been voter fraud . 
  ah so is that how the lithuanian alphabet was formed ? 
  you really think that they are going to repeal gay marriage after legalizing it not too long ago ? 
  really ? 
  shitty city management . 
  that 's the only explanation i have for when a city goes out of hand like chicago . 
  http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/users-call-911-during-facebook-outage/ for some people facebook going down is an actual emergency ... 
  implying there are any privacy rights for any citizens of any country . 
   blatantly lying to the nation about crowd sizes the media keeps parroting this narrative but if you look on the gigapixel hosted by cnn themselves : http://edition.cnn.com/interactive/2017/01/politics/trump-inauguration-gigapixel/ if you look close enough you will see the crowd , at the time trump was speaking , was larger than in the picture initially shown . 
  also , that picture that everyone keeps parading around does not account for the time of day the picture was taken . 
  was it taken before or during the inauguration ? 
  just because people do n't like the guy , does n't mean they should turn off any critical thought that may , in fact , be in his favor . 
   he is eroding the democratic institutions in the nation what exact institutions is he eroding , if i may ask ? 
   for example attacking the media this is the same media that was proven by wikileaks to have been colluding with hillary clinton . 
  this is the same media that would show polls , at the start , with 99 % favorable rating for hillary clinton . 
  also , if the media can attack a person , why can he or she not attack them back ? 
  as long as no laws are passed limiting the freedom of the press or the freedom of speech and the attacks remain solely verbal ones , i do n't think there is anything to worry about . 
  as for the voter fraud , there have been supposedly 800,000 votes made by non-citizens for hillary clinton already found : http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jan/26/hillary-clinton-received-800000-votes-from-nonciti/, 
  as long as the natives get more , it 's cool i guess ... 
  what are the chances that this person will go right back to stabbing people after they are released ? 
  i 'm in favor of putting people away for life for shit like this . 
  also , the juvenile argument does n't work as at 15 or 16 you should know damn well that stabbing people is wrong ... 
   it would be a tough four years , especially for americans that are n't white heterosexual males what ? 
  let 's see : america still has affirmative action . 
  america still has gay marriage legal across all 50 states . 
  there are still countries in europe that do n't have legal gay marriage and yet america is going to be hell on earth for gays and non-caucasians ? 
  i think not . 
  if it was becoming an authoritarian state you would n't have people even protesting since it would be outlawed . 
  people are still able to express their discontent without fear of persecution . 
  [ america first , netherlands second ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-xxis7hdoe ), 
  [ one foot at a time ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mvakhfckhs ),
