  around ww2  . , 
   1 ) my point was exactly that it is not any one aspect that allows a country to have clout or not . 
  your previous argument was poland is small so no clout . 
  care to refute my point or not ? 
  we do n't have the population , the money , or the industry of several western european countries . 
  look at germany and france : they make their own cars , they have their own brands that have branches just about everywhere . 
  what polish brands can you name off the top of your head ? 
  how many major polish companies operate on the same level of a german or french or any other western european company ? 
  hypothetically speaking , if it was us leaving the eu instead of the uk , there would hardly be a tremor . 
  there would be some upset but , in the end , it would not be as much of an event as the uk leaving . 
   because on a certain level the polish people behave very much like some islamic countries !, 
  i do n't know , i live here and people act and live like normal europeans , not like some islamic countries . 
  i fail to see how we `` behave like islamic countries '' when the evidence i see is contrary to that values map . 
  i do hope you see where i am coming from on this because for me it 's difficult to deny the evidence i see every day as i live here . 
   3 ) the same as above . 
  that dude knows his shit . 
  arguably like no other . 
  if you know better than a oxford prof. on european history please enlighten me what really was going down in britain at the time . 
   also note the in my original comment i said `` a factor '' . 
  i did not say `` the factor '' . 
  i put it in fucking cursive . 
  so i already toned it down a lot compared to what a polish speaking english history prof. at like the best uni on the planet for this stuff said . 
  and you tell me he took 2 minutes too long to say it ?!, 
  i was always under the impression that it was the schengen policies of free movement rather than the poles emigrating . 
  saying that poland was a factor is a cheap shot because poland was n't the only country emigrating , it simply had the largest amount of people taking advantage of schengen so it was easier to pin poland as a factor . 
   i understand that the profits taken away from our countries are not transfered to the accounts of ordinary western european citizens you could say the same about the eu funds and eastern european citizens ... 
  it 's a picture from some czech site , i am not even going to try to explain that one . 
  any refugees we have taken in , and yes we have taken some in , fled to germany as soon as they could since we do n't have calais-style camps . 
  the only way we could `` ever '' improve would be to have an equal or better gdp than germany or france but thanks to our history we will probably never catch up because while we 're developing , other countries develop further . 
  do n't even have to go back that far , [ donald tusk 's grandfather was in the wehrmacht ] ( http://imgur.com/a/bba0s ), 
   that may be a new thing for you guys , but it is hardly a rare thing . 
  this happens all over the place . 
  there are winners and losers , not everybody will be happy . 
  i know i am not fully have with how things are run . 
  i was simply illustrating that we give just as much , or more , indirectly as we receive from the eu simply because the line that gets parroted around this very subreddit is that poland only takes and does not contribute to the eu . 
   1 ) israel , cuba , or norway are n't huge either . 
  you 're not going to tell me israel has no clout . 
  cuba has influence as well . 
  and norway quite often pops up in mediation and civic society or peace building matters . 
  each country is different , and of course some things wo n't be realistic , but : israel has the u.s. by the balls , for whatever reason , so that 's where a lot of their clout comes from . 
  norway is a rich country , thanks to all the oil it has . 
  cuba , as far as influence on the world stage goes , has got nothing after castro 's death and it was n't all that influential anymore since the fall of the ussr . 
  as for the moral case , what protection are you talking about ? 
  if smaller countries want our protection they can ask for it . 
  poland 's main concerns are two-fold : keeping russia at bay and not getting fucked over by our dubious allies like we were when we were handed over to the ussr and had to endure communism for 45 years . 
   2 ) weak opposition , weaker media -  even weaker opposition , is just one example . 
  there are certain things that you want to go easy on if a democracy is supposed to stay healthy for a while . 
  we had 8 years of center-left rule and most of it was scandal on top of scandal with tusk kissing angela merkel 's ass at every opportunity . 
  after 8 years of absolutely nothing being done or the perception thereof , people wanted a change . 
  even now , the committee for preservation of democracy ( kod ) , which is in part ran by by the former ruling party , has a scandal where one of the leaders of this committee has been found taking money in a shady way . 
  also , our leftist parties did n't have shit to offer and we had a lot of `` new '' parties ( i say `` new '' because it was mostly the same politicians but under a different banner ) that people did n't know about . 
   another factor are values . 
  i am sure you wo n't like to hear it , but if you check a inglehart wenzel diagram poland tends to hover around the african-islamic blob a lot more than the rest of the europeans : and yet we do n't have an african or islamic population so how the hell do we even fall into this weird chart ? 
  we 're a catholic country , this chart seems very , very dubious to me . 
   3 ) `` an absolutely major factor '' . 
  t garton ash i highly doubt poles were the major factor , besides the words `` major factor '' fell much later after the polish immigrant mention so , to me , this point is kind of stretching it . 
  any way you slice it , indians still make up a larger portion of the total population than poles do ... 
  alright . 
  [ 1.4 million people if you count of indian descent ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=indian+population+of+uk&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=uh2owitjnszi8ae9852icg ) [ approximately 831,000 of poles and those of polish descent , year 2015 ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=miui+8&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=es6nwirxg8hi8afqpzygcq#q=polish+population+of+uk ), 
  [ actually , indians constitute the largest foreign-born population ] ( http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/nri/other-news/indians-have-now-become-uks-biggest-overseas-born-population/articleshow/47928228.cms ), 
  [ like this ? 
  lol , thanks for that . 
  please provide them because , frankly speaking and this is not directed at you personally , one of things i get tired of hearing on this sub is the old `` poland receives loads of eu funds , does n't pay them back '' meme . 
  people forget that we have a metric ton of foreign businesses that operate here and take the profits back home that , if we were to calculate them , would be equal or greater than the eu funds we are currently receiving . 
  poland will move westward , one generation at a time :p, 
  to be honest , it 's the added sound effects that make it for me . 
   1 ) currently not helping very much ( politically ) what exactly do you expect us to do politically ? 
  we 're not france or germany , we do n't wield that kind of clout . 
   2 ) will probably cause some bigger issues if it continues on its course name them . 
   3 ) has been a factor in the brits pissing off say what ? 
   4 ) is a foot in the door for less than helpful outside influence ( see heli deal , now add trump ) the only thing trump ever mentioned about poland is that we pay our 2 % into the nato budget . 
  i doubt he knows anything else about us beyond that . 
   5 ) keeps collecting good money , while not being particularly helpful again , what is it that you want us to do here ? 
  ftfy, 
  that sheepshagging wales :d, 
  quadruple post ... 
  wow , that amount of mercury emissions for germany ... 
  see that bit of red in poland ? 
  that 's how butthurt we are all the time !, 
  pick up that can , citizen . 
  ah so he used public funds for political gain rather than whatever those funds were allocated for ? 
  am i getting this right ? 
  while it 's a nice idea to have the eu be a country on paper , the way i see it is that we 're trying to bolt on a supranational identity on top of the various national ones that have existed for thousands of years . 
  * z snap *, 
  no paprika supplies would be safe then !, 
  is there anything dirty on macron yet ? 
  asking out of curiosity ... 
  dear greek redditors , is there a decent , non-biased summary of what 's up with the greek situation when it comes to issues like the one in this article ? 
  sorry if i am asking a dumb question here but since there tend to be so many accounts of the greek debt crisis out there on the net , i thought i 'd ask the people who actually live there ... 
  mexico does n't jump out in the subreddit map over to the right . 
  no jumping country , no membership / s, 
  my city !, 
  still , some parts of warsaw are in some serious need of renovation , mainly the praga district so here 's hoping that district gets some love too !, 
  are you back yet ? 
  hmmm we still have our own currency maybe it wo n't be so bad for the countries that still have their own currency ... nope , we 'll be fucked too ... 
  geography goes against you , big blue blob !, 
  ( europa universalis reference for the uninitiated ... ) :p, 
   do n't say anything why wo n't they say anything ? 
  it 's too late , i 've seen it already . 
  it 's like an even worse version version of the jerry springer show ...
