  ummm did n't france just extend it 's state of emergency for the 5th time already and they have military guards in paris , at least around the eiffel tower and the like ? 
  please correct me if i am wrong ... 
  how did you manage , if it 's ok to ask ? 
  i hope you 're doing much better now , 
  what the fuck does 500 pln even do for a couple even with just one kid ? 
  you can probably spend that 500 pln in about 2-5 days if you have a young child ...  they are talking about what is good and what is bad from our pov and ? 
  that 's how most governments stay in power , they say what people want to hear . 
  you still have not elaborated as to how exactly pis is taking care of poles ... 
   takes care of poles that 500 + is really taking care of poles eh ? 
  seriously , though , could you explain in greater detail how pis takes care of poles ? 
  i was looking for this comment . 
  my sentiments exactly . 
  ca n't hear you with that potato in your mouth ... 
  * smokes a ciggy in lithuanian *, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  if that was the case , why does n't she just say the word and resolve the constitutional crisis going on in my country right now ? 
  the empire has went out for cigarettes . 
  it will be back any minute now ... 
  it 's why i advocate hanging all politicians from lampposts since all they do is leech from the people they are supposed to be serving . 
  the island is no longer green , we 're no longer the second ireland , etc. 
  i 'd wager we have a bigger problem with voter apathy in our country . 
  did n't we have some abysmal voter turnout this last election or am i just dreaming ? 
   asylum seekers lol , if you think they are asylum seekers , i 've got a bridge to sell you ... 
  animal cruelty , i say . 
  those pigs are better than both parties put together , smarter too , i bet . 
  sometimes you do n't for someone but rather * against * someone and i got the impression people were voting against po ... 
  * kowalski is the pl equivalent of `` smith '' , 
  that looks like a kebomb ... 
  i was citing the `` have to live with it '' part not merkel ... 
  and life will go on and whatever fees facebook pays will not even be a dent in their profits ... 
  iirc , there was a german mayor or something of the sort that stated the quoted words , the context was different , of course , than the topic at hand ... 
  ca n't be in the nordics if your country does n't exist :p r/finlandconspiracy, 
  because neither of those 20 years had the magic of `` current year ! '', 
  weeellll ... there 's westboro baptist church but they 're not doing the `` cut off their heads ! '', 
  thing though ... not sure if that counts but there you go . 
  it 's actually copy pasta from a meme . 
  ca n't think of the name of the meme though ... [ ahh here it is !, 
  `` we just have to live with this . '', 
  * unofficial * sources say the perpetrator may have been a man of pakistani origin ... 
  me too !, 
  and the parrots who pine for them ... 
  `` some are more equal than others . '', 
   not paris hon hon hon, 
  instead of north vs. south , we have an east/west divide ... 
  thank you . 
  evidence , i suppose . 
  bulagaria borrows money from eu for strategic popcorn reserves / s, 
  sooo what 's the latest ? 
  so far i am hearing that there was a dead body in the truck and that the driver who performed the act is not the original driver of the truck ... 
  oh goddamnit ... that 's all we need is for this guy to be from poland ... 
  where did i say yours was bad ? 
  i was merely asking for a more in-depth explanation besides `` reduce poverty ''  if you could point me to where i said your solution was bad , please do so . 
  you will admit that the initial `` reduce poverty '' is somewhat generic , no ? 
  now , to address your points once more :  are you somewhat familiar with the concept of `` taxes '' ? 
  yes , but again , i wanted you to elaborate on how these kind of solutions are to be financed . 
  also , when you say `` taxes '' do you mean you will raise taxes , reform the tax system in your country ? 
  may i ask you to expand on the `` taxes '' potion of your argument , if you do n't mind ? 
   one example could be to test employers to see if they discriminate by sending equally qualified job applications , one with a native name , another with a foreign name , to see if both are treated the same or if there 's systematic discrimination . 
  i know the u.s. will do this kind of thing but has this sort of thing been done in your country before ? 
  now , for my country 's poor the solution would be as follows : 1 . 
  reform the tax code so that any obvious loopholes are closed . 
  one loophole we have is that some businesses ( not sure if small or medium-sized business ) do not have to pay taxes for the first 5 years of operation under a given name ( this is highly simplified as i am not a lawyer ) . 
  what this leads to is stores will be under one name , then you see the same store with the same people under a different name entirely . 
  i would also seek out solutions that would entice businesses to pay taxes in this country rather than a country like cyprus where they have a lower tax rate . 
  i would also change the tax code related to our social security . 
  as of right now , we have the zus , which is basically the national retirement fund . 
  the problem with paying the zus in its present form tends to strangle smaller businesses because the amount you have to pay does not appear to change when you make a profit for the month or not . 
  i would like to reform that tax so that a ) people will be able to pay a % of what they make towards the zus tax rather than a stiff fee that can break small businesses and b ) ensure the tax is paid via audits . 
  again , do keep in mind i am not an expert on taxation and the like . 
  basically , the ideal solution as far as taxes go would be to reform then enough so that more people would be willing to pay their fair share and make it more of a hassle to circumvent paying taxes via whatever means available , legal or otherwise . 
  reduce the amount of civil servants we currently employ and upgrade our various governmental structures with up-to-date technology that would allow the government to operate with a reduced work force . 
  a radical solution would be to legalize marijuana and tax that as well but i am not sure how well that would actually work . 
  not saying it would n't work , just that i do n't have any hard data as to whether that actually works . 
  at least with the legalization of marijuana we 'd get rid of one avenue of crime which comes with its own cost to society . 
  i would also make the catholic church pay taxes , if they do n't already in poland , would have to look that up but i bet they probably got a sweet deal going on with our government . 
  i would look for ways to cut other extraneous government expenditures but considering it 's not that easy to know where every euro spent by our government goes , forgive me for the rather generic quality of this point . 
  another possible solution for financing helping the poor would be to legalize abortion but there would be a fee paid to the state itself . 
  i am not sure how much the state should charge but considering we have , as of right now , 38 million people the fee should n't be too exorbitant but enough to pay for the procedure and then some . 
  it 's a rather radical solution but considering the demand and the state does lose a potential tax payer because of it i hope you can see why i suggested it . 
  now that we have some tax reform and hopefully some income coming in , we then move to set up community outreach programs where the state works with the local communities to find out what they need . 
  just because people are poor in the various regions of poland we should not presume that one solution will work for each voivodeship or district or region or whatever . 
  some communities may need access to jobs or transportation , some may have issues with communicating with the outside world because where they live there 's hardly anything resembling the internet . 
  in short , they might not need money directly but a way to make money on their own . 
  apologies for the long wall of text but this is literally off the cuff . 
  i am sure some of my points are rather laughable but it 's better than nothing , no ? 
  i have n't proposed one initially so i have n't come up with one ... yet . 
   well established social security system who will pay for it ? 
   activation programs what exactly are those as i 've never heard of this particular term ? 
  and , again , who will pay for those programs ? 
   measures to reduce discrimination and what * exact * measures do you have in mind that are n't already enforced by the law of the land ? 
   access to child care facilities who will pay for them ? 
  pork cutlet is one of the staples in poland :d, 
   most of emps speak in their native languages i know this will sound odd but i think they should speak english because the voice-over translators are horrible , they stutter , they seem to omit lots of phrases , and so on . 
  if nothing else , someone please give subtitles !, 
   you do n't see americans complaining about cross-state immigrants . 
  ask texans about the californians that emigrate there ... 
  of course we can , we 're rather resourceful when it comes these kind of things :p, 
  ahh yes the old `` false friends '' conundrum , very common mistake , 
  great , who will pay for it or how do you plan to go about reducing poverty for the long-term ? 
  so gentrification is not a solution , the poor people are not exactly in a position ( afaik ) to lift themselves up out of poverty .
