  not sure how to explain this objectively as it looks racist as hell but it 's just a sort of sentiment i 've noticed in some parts of the net ... 
  it 's not my dictionary , that was the common opinion here and elsewhere that le pen is the populist ( well , the labels `` nationalist '' and `` fascist '' were also used but i digress ... ) and macron is the pro-eu candidate . 
  le pen was the `` populist '' candidate ergo she is the one that lost ... 
  seriously , what paper were you reading or which channel were you watching that they could not clearly communicate the fact that macron is officially the president of france ? 
  i have no idea where that guy got his news from ... 
  but will they change ? 
  that is the question . 
  i , for one , do n't see it changing all that much from the current course . 
  with data limits ? 
  no thanks . 
  that sounds ... horrifying . 
   more competition for low skilled jobs . 
  the same jobs that are supposed to be replaced when automation of said jobs hits ? 
  he can try but we 'll just keep blocking them for hungary and afaik they will do the same for us . 
  great , but we 'll be the ones voting in 2018 on that matter ... 
  because he fulfils one condition : he 's not a le pen . 
  yeah , i can understand that : /, 
   something needs to be done to address the concerns of le pen voters . 
  nothing will be done , that 's the problem . 
  we 'll see more hordes of unskilled immigrants imported by the millions all under the guise of being progressive . 
  we 'll see more jobs get automated and the people who had their jobs replaced will get told `` well , you should have prepared for it while you were trying to raise a family '' . 
  any chance you have a decent source on this harmonization bit ? 
  can be either french or english , i am just looking for the gist of it . 
  and how is this `` harmonization '' to work in countries with wildly varying economies ? 
  i do hope he does n't intend to slap the same tax rate on all countries or whatever it is he 's planning on doing ... 
  about those sanctions : would n't macron have to put those before the eu parliament or the eu commission or something ? 
  i do n't think he 'd be able to snap his fingers and make them happen ... 
   things will need to change in order to address this . 
  and they wo n't . 
  it will be more of the same , imho . 
  well ... considering he 's been called `` hollande junior '' and `` hollande 2.0 '' , the jury 's out on that one ... 
  yeah but i would n't think of comparing the french polls versus the american ones , though . 
  as for me , i need some popcorn to prepare for some sanctions a la mr. macron towards my country . 
  kinda predictable really . 
  the polls were saying as much a few days or so ago ... 
  still , i bet the french are glad this is over with for the next 5 years , 
   b u r d o n e d, 
   gosh , i really appreciate your effort to answer all these dramatic exaggerated opinions . 
  if we just ignore these kind of things then they have a chance of ballooning into more negative bullshit about our country . 
  we are n't perfect but that does n't mean we should stand idly by while people who do n't live here go about pontificating as if they knew everything there is to know about us ... 
  glad we do n't have these kind of crazies in my country ... 
   when the immigrants leave lol and where are they going to go ? 
  mars ? 
  maybe if the working class could , you know , actually work instead of being pushed out by much cheaper labor . 
  that way they would n't have time for the racism , xenophobia , etc. ... 
  itt : the european version of `` we wuz kangs ! '', 
  too cold to hold ? 
  ( sorry got reminded of a song where the lyrics went `` too hot to handle , too cold to hold '' or something ... ), 
  the french people do n't need to be browbeaten into voting on social media of all places , you know ... 
  be sure to keep the guillotine handy in case the `` republican monarch '' decides to go a bit on the crazy side :p, 
  you mean '' '' '' '' '' '' `` skills '' '' '' '' '' '' '' seriously , i am horrified at this ... thing . 
  oh my god . 
  this is google translated english that has been picked at by a high school student to try and make it not look like it 's been machine translated . 
  because in the second room they used their long spoons to feed each other instead of themselves ? 
   po leader grzegorz schetnya  schetnya lol tell them that it 's `` schetyna '' , please :p making the guy 's last name sound russian :d, 
   purge of the opposition from all state media was quite significant it was the same amount of significance when it was done under po . 
  also , please keep in mind we have plenty of independent media outlets in poland so not all media is under the purvey of the government . 
  is the onr forcing you to leave or something ? 
  who said we want to be like belarus ? 
   many of eu rules and regulations aim for the protection of the consumer alright but how do limits placed on the production of , say , milk and sugar help the consumer , for example ? 
  fyi , around 2011 or 2012 , perhaps earlier , the eu commission placed production limits on those two items so a country could not produce more than those limits and any overproduction had to be exported elsewhere or stored somehow and not placed on the common market . 
  that argument is as tired as the `` 350 million pounds per week ! '', 
  one ... 
  as a polish person i am more tired of `` of course poland is pro-eu , you guys get all this money !, 
  '' , because it 's that simple : /, 
  no one is blaming the eu for anything as of right now ... goddamn , it 's just a picture of a pro-eu manifestation organized by our butthurt opposition parties ... 
  still waiting for the rest of the cameron maneuver to be carried out by pis aka the quick resignation ... 
  this is nowhere near ukraine 's maidan . 
  people here are free to protest without having the state or anyone else open fire on them ... 
  perhaps it will cause them to look for answers to back up their claims and in the process learn more about the eu ? 
  i prefer to debate than castigate , if that 's ok with you , 
  where do you hear anything about poland leaving the eu ? 
  the eu has a 70-76 % approval rating here , depending on the poll being taken . 
   the point of the eu is to make europe more strong in the world . 
  yes , i understand that but sometimes i wonder if some of the rules and regulations that the eu has are n't harmful to my country as not all countries within the eu are created equal ... 
   nationalism alright so what am i if i simply want my country to do well on the international stage in regards to its economy and other factors ? 
  i will agree that any sort of `` nationalism '' tends to descend into `` hurr durr we are better than you '' aka national chauvinism ... 
   laws if you can name a specific law that was imposed by the eu and not westminster , please do . 
   regulations those are imposed on all eu member countries in order to partake in the single market . 
  and then he got stabbed in the back , metaphorically speaking , by gove ( i think ? 
  they will continue making their decisions , like they did while in the eu , but they wo n't be able to blame brussels for shitty decisions anymore . 
  we have a small minority of muslims or did you forget the tatars ? 
  i 'd rather our position be that we do n't want to import third-world problems that come with people who happen to be mostly muslim . 
  already raining . 
  * checks list * i am sorry but portugal is not on the list ... maybe next ~ ~ year ~ ~ round of partitions . 
  still not getting gdansk back :p, 
  it 's basic biology ? 
   i know that poland wanted to crew up womens rights with abortions . 
  that abortion bit was a citizen 's initiative which the government later blocked after the so-called black protests . 
  how is this news , exactly ? 
  i 've witnessed 4chan 's / pol / trying to `` meme '' le pen into power for months but it never worked since , well , there are n't as many french willing to meme her the way the americans were trying with donald trump . 
  yes , but the average person will not associate `` regime '' with `` tax system '' considering that `` regime '' has been used constantly with the first meaning ( describing a particular government ) in mind ... 
  just you wait until he mentions slapping poland with sanctions again ... 
  oh they 're always assblasted . 
  i 'd be worried for their health if they were to suddenly cease to be assblasted :p, 
  [ i 've got something for them too ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ag5llsh.png ) ( source : https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/5x4a1s/a_traditional_irish_experience/ ), 
  deus vult anyone ? 
  welcome to the club , we get the same flak for it but perhaps not as frequently ... 
  you mean latvians ? 
  they still have no potato !,
