  i 'll have you know our media never put the moustache on , we 're not animals !, 
  in 1947 , [ joseph mccarthy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_mccarthy ) was a senator and in 3 years he would be looking for communists and possibly socialists ... 
  are you sure one of them is a proper carbon-based life form ? 
  that tells me that he 's trying to seriously assert dominance . 
  if you notice the pulling action and the clapping of the already grasped hand that tells me he 's trying to convey the following : `` i am in charge and do n't you dare forget it ! '', 
  it 's kind of insecure of him since he is using actual physical force rather than more subtle means , whatever those may be , to assert any semblance of dominance . 
  also , the way the whole handshake is done it appears almost like he 's compensating for something , just not sure what . 
  i agree but sometimes some people tend to think anyone not leaning left is just about far-right . 
  that 's been my experience at least . 
  read up on east germany . 
  or here 's a link to get you started , the rest you should google  https://www.britannica.com/topic/stasi, 
  hillary would 've been just as bad in other ways ... 
  hence the `` possibly '' . 
  ummm we 're not having reporters jailed for having an opinion that deviates from the so-called party line . 
  like the other polish posters have already stated , we have state-run media but we also have independent news outlets . 
  bottom row , 5th from the left is tusk alright ... 
  when you know you done fucked up ... 
   thank what happened with the rest ? 
  i am center-right-ish and i denounce this attack . 
  the way to get your point across is to use lawful means , debate , and logic . 
  if you have to use violence , then you have already lost . 
   denk uhhh ... is n't that the immigrants ' party ? 
  we do n't have an electoral college and we have a party who got 37 % of the vote holding the most seats in everything so yeah , we know how you feel ... 
  and possibly some decent upbringing and culture ... 
  jesus christ , is he taking a nap in that picture ????? 
  fuck man , and i thought he would have * some * class but i guess money ca n't buy that ... 
  oh that poor pm : / i may not be the smartest man in the world but i can somewhat read people by their handshake ( most people probably can ) and anyone who does the `` iron grip '' handshake on someone like that is a true asshole , most of the time . 
  the actress playing krystyna did a really good vocal impression :d, 
   also the price of illegal guns becomes less as more and more illegal guns enter the market while the law of supply & demand works as you describe for legal sales and distribution i am not quite sure it would work the same with the black market since a ) it 's rather difficult to accurately measure sales since receipts are n't the norm in black market sales and b ) the very illegality would drive the price up and probably keep the supply low due to , again , the guns in question being illegal . 
  on the single `` l '' issue , yep , my bad , seeing the english version while trying to write the polish version got me all mixed up , thanks for the correction :d as for the rest , today i learned :d, 
  because criminals or those with evil intent will actually be stopped by the law from getting guns , right ? 
  lol, 
  [ itt ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tlj7g6p.jpg ) translation : guy with polish armband : well , go on then , beat the jew , mr. german !, 
  ( why post this ? 
  because one day i expect `` some prominent historian '' to write something where the poles forced the nazis to oppress the jews or something of the sort . ), 
  `` everyone i do n't like is ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ pis ! '', 
  perhaps ? 
  [ come on dougal , lighten up !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofdw2e9hu6m ), 
  you mean `` she '' , right ? 
  because the article talks about barbara engelking ... 
  is that you ? 
  some of us ca n't stand the government because they are like a knock-off version of trump : all of the histrionics but in a language no one understands outside of poland . 
  space nazis !, 
  yeah , i figured something was off . 
  i mean i can see the numbers but the graphic is just off or something . 
  blech , i 'd rather have me some columns of numbers than this ... 
  yeah , in poland you ca n't walk 5 minutes within the big cities without seeing a sign that says something like `` this object was built with the help of x eu fund '' . 
  basically , you ca n't miss the evidence no matter how dim you are and yet the eu is still `` bad m ` kay ! '', 
  to the pis supporters ... 
  why does spain receive so little compared to how much it pays in , if i am reading this map correctly ? 
  polish uses `` hollandia '' rather than `` the netherlands '' . 
  a single dutch person is known as a `` hollender '' ... 
  slav nazileri master race ... waitaminute ... 
  i have yet to try a proper scone from england for comparison 's sake :d, 
   a historian the person researching this is not a historian in the first place . 
  you mean that 's a cookie ? 
  edit : trolling aside , i grew up in the us so i know a lot of things by their american name ... 
  the way the female news anchor pronounced some r 's and maybe g 's sounded like she was hacking up hairball . 
  is all dutch like this ? 
  it 's always a swede when it comes to these things , eh ? 
  nice biscuit you have there , would be a shame to put the cream on first , jam second ... 
  my local pizzeries have this in the menu . 
  had some kebab pizza last night and loved every heretical bite of it ... 
  this is how i feel whenever news about poland makes it on here . 
  just grin and bear it , dude . 
   pork eww , i want sheep in my gyros ... 
  kebab is almost a national dish here so we 'll help eat it , at least . 
  why are we allowing the formation of parties that can be controlled by outside forces , such as erdogan and co , , on european soil ? 
  i get the freedom of speech thing but still ... 
  why would liberals even defend erdogan or his government ? 
  i 'll be happy to acknowledge the interpretation of a historic occurrence when it 's written by an accredited historian , not by someone who is a psychologist/sociologist . 
  this , most of all !, 
   nobody complains about immigrants being on welfare in spain , because spanish government benefits are pretty scant . 
  unlike in the u.k. , for example , there is no housing benefit , child benefit or long-term unemployment benefit in spain . 
  well , that 's one solution to the whole problem , i suppose ... 
   do the individual eu countries have their own foreign secretaries ? 
  yes . 
   do they have their own tax structures ? 
  yes . 
  the eu is not a single country just like the us is not a single state . 
  we still have some hussar uniforms laying around , i think . 
  shall we meet in vienna ? 
   the guy literally talks about how he just grabs women by the pussy it was in the past and it was a private conversation and , from the little that i know about that event , it was boasting and not actually performing the action . 
  also , i can bet everyone else who was a president of the us did the equivalent or worse . 
  hell , kennedy was screwing everything that moved , if the reports about his time in the oval office are to be believed . 
  tl ; dr no one is innocent . 
   the guy literally talks about how he just grabs women by the pussy it was in the past and it was a private conversation and , from the little that i know about that event , it was boasting and not actually performing the action . 
  also , i can bet everyone else who was a president of the us did the equivalent or worse . 
  hell , kennedy was screwing everything that moved , if the reports about his time in the oval office are to be believed . 
  tl ; dr no one is innocent . 
  i was drawing parallels , not stating outright that the eu is exactly like the us . 
  http://www.ifispan.pl/en/members/bengelkiifispan-waw-pl/ i do n't know , i do n't see her as an actual historian according to this page . 
  rather a psychologist/sociologist but whatever . 
  which is odd because that would be akin to only trading with a particular state in the us and do n't all trade deals with the us go through the us as a whole rather than an individual state ? 
  we have enough blemishes on our past , please do n't add more ... 
   some of them who are ancestors from the victims you mean `` descendants '' , right ? 
  nowhere . 
  or all the french polls a while ago . 
  it 's the one thing non-polish speakers recognize and sometimes use , albeit rarely .
