  \\ #revoketreatyofversailles ~ ~ hashtags in reddit , how do they werk ? ~ ~ thanks u/fforw, 
  i did n't know my vote for hitler was actually binding , i was protest voting !, 
  well , nigel farage is n't a member of the british parliament or anything and he had his own campaign which was not part of the leave campaign . 
  it 's rather ridiculous for the newscasters in the clip mentioned by john oliver to ask nigel to back up claims not made by him ... 
  would make for a great polandball comic if slightly expanded upon ... 
  it did to me , 
  you want a superstate ? 
  lol, 
  just have the eu throw money at them like they do at tusk and you 'll see how loyal they become to the eu . 
  we are investing in r&d but it 's going to take time . 
  [ polish researches invent a new kind of glue ] ( http://www.tvp.info/23888119/polscy-naukowcy-stworzyli-superklej-tajny-skladnik-metabolity-z-kultur-grzybowych ) it 's in polish but it 's short . 
  so , in short , we are investing money in r&d , we just need time , 
  good man !, 
  and a basketball court . 
  look , just take me across the river on your back , i wo n't sting you , swear on me mum !, 
  no lithuania , no commonwealth . 
  not sure if you know but nicola sturgeon is married so having the eu promote bigamy would just give more ammo to the anti-eu crowd :p, 
  why does spain not let catalonia go or is it too much of a legal tangle to let that region be its own country ? 
  so how many hitlers are we talking about ? 
  5 out of nein ? 
  i heard rumours that there were antifa members counting votes but i ca n't say for sure how true that is . 
  there 's no such thing as german overlords - totally not a german overlord, 
  `` it was supposed to be a protest vote , swear on me mum ! '', 
  - boris johnson, 
  i thought spain was/is going to block scotland 's entry into the eu because they do n't want their independence movements getting any ideas ? 
  yeah !, 
  boo experts and your experty things !, 
  ah it 's not mine , just something i found on the polandball subreddit , 
  well , those pesky immigrants did n't disappear into thin air once the `` leave '' decision was final . 
  damn non-disappearing immigrants !, 
  it 's all that splendid isolation , you know ... 
  [ relevant polandball comic ] ( https://i.redd.it/53tx2edjwe5x.png ), 
   donald tusk please put a `` not suitable for poles '' tag or something , i just got #triggered . 
  ahh sounds like our situation during the wild 90s . 
  good luck getting those crony bastards out of power . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tata_motors i worked on tata indicas . 
  never again . 
  the construction of them is just horribly thought out . 
  the plastic interior just looks and feels shoddy and is never fitted properly so the cars tend to squeak a bit . 
  they have so many electrical and mechanical problems that dudes ( i guess they were engineers or something ) from the indian home office came to this really shitty shop i used to work at in order to see why some of their cars were breaking . 
  ( i used to work for a dealer that sold tatas and another brand ) the mechanical components tend wear out too quickly for normal usage and they ended up being back in the shop way before their warranty period would expire . 
  for example , some cars would have issues with the rack and pinion steering losing all lubrication on the inside so when you turned you would hear this godawful squeak all the time and we 'd have to fix that shit for free because warranty . 
  hell , i think i recall the paint on those damn things peeling prematurely . 
  i could go on and on but never ever buy an indian designed and manufactured car . 
  stick with japanese , german , or american . 
  '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` food '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' you mean ? 
  sorry , i got triggered by `` tata '' . 
  you have no idea how shitty those cars are ... * shudders *, 
  tata cars are shit . 
  i know because i worked on them . 
  why would i want to support parasites aka politicians ? 
  butthurt . 
  wew , so they can be treated like second class citizens and have brits complaining about them like they do now ? 
  thank you and grats on having awesome fans !, 
  which we have by being in nato . 
  the german government also fucked poland on the nordstream deal too . 
  does n't the norway deal come with its own rules and regulations , though ? 
  i keep hearing how the norway deal is all the hassle of being an eu member but with no say in eu matters . 
  someone correct me if i am wrong . 
  but they may get more expensive . 
  no , my answer is that all politicians are the same : they want to have their time at the trough . 
  ignored ? 
  did n't david cameron walk out of negotiations where the uk did not have its way ? 
  and what about all the special treatment for the uk ? 
  i know a loaded question when i see one . 
  sorry but i will not comment on jo cox . 
  there are plenty of jobs in the right fields but most of them are trades and people these days are loath to go into a trade . 
  there should be ways for people to learn a trade while still being able to provide for themselves or something of the sort . 
  for example , in poland i hear all the time how there is a shortage of qualified tradesmen because either a ) they have emigrated or b ) young people do not want to go into trades . 
  and i do n't want mine to be part of germany either . 
   pushing hard for a use you do realize that part of what forged the usa was a bloody civil war not long after their independence ? 
  also , it 's goddamn ridiculous to try and smoosh all these varying cultures , histories , sovereign nations into one huge supranational blob . 
  they 're all in it to enrich themselves so they are the same , how they act on the world stage notwithstanding . 
   not every politician is the same oh you sweet summer child ... 
   needing a home for yourself is bad ok then . 
  depends on the contracts they have with their employers , no ? 
  i do n't recall poland electing to send donald tusk to the eu parliament ... 
  fixed . 
  if it is to exist then it should have representatives that each country elects , kind of like how each state in the us elects their senator to represent them in the senate . 
  well , the young are n't known to vote all that much sooooo maybe they should have voted ? 
  reddit upvotes , facebook likes ! = votes . 
  in my experience , politicians from either wing in any country are just self-serving swine who do not care for the working class at all . 
  right or left , it 's all about theft . 
  the ones already there are n't really going anywhere though since most of them have jobs there . 
  it might prevent future polish immigration though . 
  those immigrants !, 
  just because they voted leave that does n't mean those pesky immigrants will just disappear !, 
  just how dare those leave voters not be born with a silver spoon in their mouths !, 
  so what if rampant immigration pushed them out of the job market and lowered their wages . 
  we were voting remain for their own good !, 
  good !, 
  time to end the eu , brick by brick !, 
  they 're politicians , they 'll simply go back to serving themselves . 
  business as usual . 
  remember , it 's not about democracy , it 's about the money . 
  i 'd like to ask for the following numbers : the number of local industries destroyed after entering the eu and being saddled by eu regulations, 
  if only they 'd do the boob showing quietly without all that protesting nonsense . 
  makes it rather difficult to appreciate the visual splendor when you got a harpy screeching in your face . 
  or the deep fried mars bars !, 
  and femen .
