  turkey is in the news all the time ... 
   hatred against homosexuals and liberal ideas we elected one and a transgender ( transsexual ? 
  hell if i know . . it 's a dude in a skirt to me but whatever ) . 
  see [ robert biedro\u0144 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_biedro%c5%84 ) see [ anna grodzka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_grodzka ), 
   you are too patriotic to hold a rational conversation . 
  your blind love towards your country prevents you from taking criticism . 
  no , it 's because people always use the same arguments like you did when discussing poland 's situation even though a ) they do n't live here and b ) do not participate in polish society and c ) they usually get their news from reddit or mistranslated sources in their given country . 
  you can criticize my country all you want but for the love of whatever deity you believe in : please find some new points of critique . 
  that 's the annoying part as i 've had some other person state just about the same exact arguments as you did . 
  can you see how annoying it gets when you try and try and try to explain to people how the situation actually is vs. what they hear from whatever sources ? 
  i am not denying that we do not have our share of problems but i 'll be damned if i have to repeat myself all the goddamn time . 
  well ... `` arrest '' in english usually means `` to be handcuffed and hauled away by the police '' . 
  maybe you 're looking for a different word ? 
  `` bin '' is literally `` trash can '' in british english . 
  so if you ever saw something like `` bin that knife ! '', 
  then it means `` trash that knife ! '', 
  so `` cor-bin '' is a play on words due to jeremy corbyn 's surname . 
  well , in your defense , i did n't add an / s and it * is * difficult to tell sarcasm/joking when you are limited to text , 
  dude , seriously . 
  fix your own country first before criticizing others ' is all i am going to say at this point . 
  it was a joke . 
   why would it be used against a member country ? 
  in some cases just the perceived * threat * can be enough to be exploited by shitty governments . 
  for example , in poland we were under martial law for some time because the ruling party claimed , truthfully or not , that the soviet army was coming to invade poland . 
  then you need a hammer / s, 
  borders that face non-eu countries , yes . 
  i have no problems with intra-eu migration of eu citizens but if you ai n't eu , sucks to be you . 
  ok . . `` relative '' numbers . 
  so are we talking `` per capita '' or what ? 
  just want to clarify the `` relative '' bit . 
  the us has a bigger population than japan so of course `` the numbers '' will be bigger on the us side since they have a larger sample size . 
  you sure ? 
  because from what i 've seen it 's been a case of `` ship them to a given country , then establish id , and give asylum '' . 
  at least that seemed to be the case when we had syrians sue to have their refugee status revoked because it was given to them by poland . 
   state media what , you think the previous government did n't do this ? 
  this happens with every new government when it comes to state-owned media . 
  the congressional tribunal is a mess as the previous party also pulled some shenanigans with that and so you have the current party fucking with the ct and we 're trying to untangle the mess left by the previous party when they stuffed the ct with their judges via some shady means . 
   you cant drink on the streets yes you can . 
  you just need to be within the bounds of a bar as most bars and pubs have outside sections where you can drink outside . 
  as for `` drinking on the streets '' in general , most countries have laws against public drunkenness that comes with drinking on the streets . 
  also , if the cops stop you while you are drinking and you play it cool , they will let you pour out the alcohol in front of them if you are not completely plastered . 
  lastly , i would n't want people randomly drinking in the streets anyways as drunken people ( and boy do they get drunk here ) are nasty , annoying , and sometimes dangerous if they happen to have a mental illness . 
   violent acts against homosexuals true , we are not perfect when it come to homosexuals but a ) we do n't have pogroms against them b ) we are not throwing them off roofs with crowds cheering and c ) incidents where they do get harassed are individual cases by ignorant individuals and not something sanctioned by the state or church . 
   cencorships by the church what censorship by the church ? 
  guess what ? 
  we can teach the theory of evolution just fine around here . 
  got a decent example by any chance ? 
   arrests because you `` offended religious feelings '' ehhh , it was two celebrities that `` offended religious feelings '' and they did n't get arrested but one got fined while the other was found as not offending religious feelings by our court . 
  is it shitty ? 
  sure it is but you can say `` i do n't care about the bible and i think it 's bs '' in public and no one is going to call the cops on you . 
   theocratical nation umm no , we are n't iran . 
   poland is just as bad as hungary regarding freedom care to specify ? 
   you fail on bringing over is all that polish beer and vodka  state owned stores do the state-owned stores prevent intra-eu movement of alcohol to your country ? 
  how about two fiddy ? 
  so why did the cuban community in florida cheer when castro finally died ? 
  also , cuba has , according to wikipedia , relationships with 160 countries with only the usa that had an embargo with them . 
  so i am not completely sure that cuba was completely isolated . 
   germany will send them back home once they 're caught on german soil . 
  so if we ca n't establish their identities because they most likely did n't have their papers on them when they arrived in europe , how would germany know what `` home '' is for them ? 
  or is `` home '' equivalent to `` whatever country that granted them asylum '' ? 
  well ... there had to be some reason why ordinary cubans were willing to risk life and limb to get to the usa rather than stay in cuba ... 
  interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  right now , i have an npr article about the mixed results of portugal decriminalizing most , if not all drugs : http://www.npr.org/2011/01/20/133086356/mixed-results-for-portugals-great-drug-experiment it 's from 2011 . 
  looking for newer sources . 
  and you 're painfully bitchy and annoying to talk to as well . 
  yeah i figured it was satire , 
  nope . 
  because the person on the cover is a ) holding their own head and b ) not holding it isis style . 
  run hide tell then . 
  that will surely work . 
  a knife , a baton , anything that is not a firearm . 
  i am sure there are civilian versions of weapons that are not guns that people can be allowed to carry for situations where they can not afford the luxury or `` run hide tell '' . 
   you have no right to use force to prevent people from doing with their body , with their own conscious state , what they wish . 
  the societal harms of drug use almost entirely stem from their prohibition and criminalization . 
  it 's assholes who want to push their hypocritical versions of morality that do the damage . 
  that 's you . 
  where did i mention the users ? 
  i am advocating going after the dealers , not the users . 
  did you not read my previous post ? 
  but hey , you want these dealers to go around dealing meth , a drug that absolutely destroys communities , go ahead and see where it gets you . 
  let people carry something rather than having the absolutely ludicrous situation where you have people running scared , unable to defend themselves from some stabby assholes . 
  the state has been proven to be unable to defend its citizens time and time again . 
  people should be able to defend themselves in extreme situations . 
  it looks like an american teen beat magazine cover ... 
  damn , and here i thought [ this version ] ( http://imgur.com/a/uhapi ) was real ... 
  quite popular during our `` people 's republic '' years ... 
   and do n't get me started on the middle eastern food markets , where they drag the meat on open shopping carts at least it 's out in the open . 
  we had an illegal meat processing facility pop up in warsaw 's central station . 
  how the hell that happened , nobody knows . 
  also , we do n't know what kind of meat was actually processed so it could 've been anything ... 
  goddamn lochness monster !, 
  well , if you ca n't be bothered to put away the pushers of these drugs away for long enough ( 12 years is not long enough ) , then that 's your problem . 
  i am advocating being tough on the dealers who make this shit in the first place and then get vulnerable people hooked on it . 
  if you ensure the pushers and manufacturers of the drugs that cause the medical and social problems are completely out of the picture , then you wo n't have those problems or you will at least reduce them . 
  well , if it works ... 
   portugal  in spain hohohohohoho spoiler : it was me who taught google to auto complete that way xd, 
  so just let it all hang and hope for the best ? 
  well , i hope you like methheads pestering you for money for `` water '' ... 
  good luck uk !,
