   due to the white people fleeing the next step is to prevent white people from fleeing / s, 
  well , the paris agreement had multiple countries involved whereas this plan is prepared , from the sounds of it , by berlin and no one else . 
   citing diplomatic sources , vecernje novosti is reporting that berlin has prepared a `` mini marshall plan '' for the balkans , which should over the next few years boost the economies in the region . 
   more of a dagger fight than football no , no ... that 's what happens between the hooligans :p, 
  h a n d e g g a n d e g g, 
  hearts and minds , lad . 
  shock and awe !, 
  because it was agreed upon in paris by the countries involved ? 
   i as a german would fight for eastern european members maybe you would , maybe you would n't . 
  all i know is that the easterners would be thrown under the rug by the western powers as always . 
  they 'd find some damn excuse or another ... 
  as long as he 's not the president or the prime minister , i do n't think he has that much power ... also , he 's old and should kick the bucket ^ any ^ day ^ now, 
   communist no sympathy for communists . 
  everyone else , yes , but commies do not deserve anything . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes , you red commie bastards . 
  i hope you get your wish and get to live through communism one day :d, 
  how can you deport someone if they are a citizen of your country by birth and a religious extremist ? 
  [ you mean those muslim rooskies ? 
  this is why the plc fell apart , folks . 
  do n't believe the fake ~ ~ news ~ ~ history , it was lithuania 's fault all along !, 
  sounds better the other way around , imho . 
  what , is russia going to `` annex '' more ukrainian land ? 
  because people would n't hear it otherwise ? 
  thatcher , thatcher the milk snatcher ... 
  goddamnit , you 're right :d, 
  that would be scotland with the oil ... 
   is propaganda is easily accessible they even have a damned twitter account . 
  not linking it here , though . 
  way too many dudes to catch one nutter . 
  two could 've handled him with non-lethal weapons such as a tazer or pepper spray if you really want to avoid having armed police around . 
  no , just northern ireland . 
  i do n't like the look of `` modern '' churches either . 
  the old ones have a particular * gravitas * and it 's not just because of their age . 
  that looks almost like an entrance to a nuclear bunker or something from the movie version of `` the time machine '' . 
  i feel like i should expect morloks to pour out of that at midnight or something ... 
  modern churches . 
   ops you mean `` oops '' ? 
  :p sorry for the pedantry :d it 's a character flaw , i know ... 
   viscous it 's `` vicious '' :p `` viscous '' is a property of a liquid under certain conditions , my fellow pl ... 
  [ portuguese empire intensifies ], 
  believe me , it 's true !, 
  on reddit of all places ? 
  sheeeeeit . 
  [ first , we must determine if he is a witch ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrzmhu_4m-g ), 
  in his flying wheelchair ? 
  because he ca n't control nato ? 
  i dunno , just a thought ... 
  we have the best losers , do n't we folks ? 
  amazing !, 
  not denying that at all :p, 
  it 's not us since we ca n't afford laughter . 
  i am just telling you that we 've had people ask ( to sue is the legal version of asking ) to have their refugee status revoked if they received it in poland . 
  whatever conclusions are drawn as a result of this article , that 's beyond my control . 
  i just wanted to present a real situation that has occurred in poland . 
  owned by gremi media sa in case you have doubts as to whether the source is legitimate or something of the sort . 
  i recommend translating polish to english as i am not sure how garbled it might be when translating polish -  german . 
   tell the real war refugees to fuck off dude , we had syrians sue to have their refugee status removed if it was given to them in poland and they did n't even stay long enough to hear the court decision on the matter . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  oh and if you want a source , let me know but it will be a polish source so you may have to use google translate . 
  islam is not a race . 
  i am not sure . 
  part of it could be the catholicism ... even though church attendance is falling ever so slowly in poland and more people are secular while paying lip service to the catholic church . 
  part of it could be the last 250-300 years where we had several partitions , two world wars , and then 45 or so years under the yoke of the soviet union . 
  part of it could also be poles who come back from western europe , tell their stories about their experiences , and the like . 
  another part could be what people see on the main stream news and on the internet in general ... tl ; dr lots of factors but it 's difficult to pin down the main one . 
  an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . 
  aka wagging the dog , in a way . 
  portugal can come hang out with us . 
  spain is a no , though . 
   news , with a lot of generalization , mis-translations and out-of-context quotes , ahh yeah ok , i can see what you mean . 
  your other points make sense as well but i wanted to focus on the more obvious elephant in the room . 
   clean  diesel that 's kind of like the `` clean coal '' meme going around ... 
  mods : by putting a `` please do n't look '' flair on it , more people are going to look ... in a perverse carwreck kind of way :p, 
  t. emmanuel macron, 
  i watched this entire documentary and this made me even more against mena immigration to my country . 
  i know the guys depicted in this documentary were born on european soil but i do n't want the same thing to happen in my country down the road . 
  why in the world would any sane country want this kind of thing to happen ? 
  oh boy , this thread will go places ... 
  members of the pzpr should have been barred for life from ever holding office , no matter their competence . 
  to me , it 's like letting nazis hold office after ww2 . 
  this all could have been better if we had a proper * lustracja * done but of course our slime bag politicians pulled a `` night shift '' and killed that shit off asap . 
  make simony great again !, 
  remember : a communist never changes colors ... 
  [ kult - panie waldku ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=di_pbo9smva ) a song about waldemar pawlak . 
   he ~ ~ was ~ ~ is arrogant and cynical ftfy, 
  if you have any sources ( polish or english ) i 'd be happy to read them as i have not heard about this shitcanning from dear old antoni . 
  i would n't put it past him , though , that dude 's crazy as fuck anyways . 
  that 's why i have an almost * murderous * opinion of politicians . 
  they 're only looking out for themselves and their cronies , not the people that elected them . 
   why does poland hate china ? 
  errr what ? 
  our president andrzej duda has been going over there quite a lot to try and build a new silk road with china . 
  is there something i am missing ? 
  because portugal is portugal ^ ^ ^ caralho, 
  i still ca n't believe leszek miller was ever allowed to hold office after the fall of communism . 
  because people always tell the truth , right ? 
  see , we sacrifice the primeval trees to the old gods while dressed kkk outfits and chant `` whitetopia ! '', 
  during the ceremony . 
  [ no one ever does :p ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qsnpjyi.png ), 
  what 's that , chad ?
