  ha ha ha , nice fantasy there , plebs !, 
  too bad it 's tainted , though , as it does have a nice look to it . 
  that 's your opinion , 
  ooooh we had our press have a go at the greeks too , sad to say , so i know exactly what you mean . 
  ca n't get rid of an accent that easily you know ... 
  could be read as proof that eu regulations strike again ... 
  the vote in the us is not entirely direct either . 
  for starters , you have the electoral college and you have delegates so there 's no direct democracy in the us either . 
  there is the popular vote but the public does not directly decide who is the president . 
  case in point would be the 2000 election where al gore won the popular vote but george w. bush won the electoral college vote and he became potus . 
  what denmark does is the country 's business but it should not apply to the entirety of the eu , unless you want the eu to be full of officials that you can not hold accountable and give them the boot if need be . 
  we do n't have guns ( thanks commies ! ), 
  so no eu texas for us . 
  they should be able to vote for their head of state . 
  people should be able to vote for their head of state and then their elected representatives decide based on the number of votes amongst other factors . 
  the very thought of not being able to vote for a head of state is just ludicrous . 
  no wonder people feel disconnected with the eu : they ca n't say a damn thing as to who runs the damn thing . 
  i used to live in the us , which is what the eu is trying to be , and i could vote for the president , the representatives of the state i lived in , all the way down to the local state government , such as the local judges and sheriff . 
  i knew who my state 's senator was , i knew who the governor of my state was , and so on . 
  along with all that , you can impeach the president in the federal government of the united states . 
  you do not have that in the eu . 
  do we get to vote for the eu president ? 
  nope . 
  do we , as europeans , have any connection whatsoever to these eurocrats ? 
  nope . 
  can we impeach them or hold them accountable ? 
  nope . 
  the eu needs reforms and it needs legitimacy always and forever until people can vote for and hold these eu blighters accountable the same way they can in the us . 
  i believe most countries have a way of properly nullifying your vote in regular elections . 
   why do the young not vote ? 
  because they ca n't vote online , that 's why . 
  you 'll see the young hustling for their chosen cause on reddit , twitter , facebook , etc. 
  and then their cause fails anyways because they ca n't be arsed to go out and vote . 
  see the bernie sanders campaign , for example . 
  let 's not be hasty with that article 50 now , lads . 
  - johnson and cameron . 
  [ give eu stars and colors on this one pls ] ( http://www.rd.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2016/03/01-confederate-flag-facts.jpg ), 
  simple : hitler tainted it with his version of it so now nationalism = nazi , fascist , i.e. 
  all the bad - isms . 
  what is the internet and google ? 
  surely , the eu has an official website somewhere that describes what the hell the eu does ? 
   on social media , hundreds of anecdotes were shared sooo any actual proof or are we going to consider tweets and fb posts as god 's honest truth ? 
  sooooo confederate states of europe then ? 
   youths just are n't interested in voting . 
  because they ca n't vote online , that 's why . 
  so is scotland ... for the time being . 
  funny enough the contribution counter is still running ... 
  hmmm i thought users could flair their posts around here . 
  perhaps message a mod ? 
  sorry , i am used to another subreddit letting users flair their own links when they submit them , 
  could you tag the title with the paywall tag ? 
  i believe there is one for this sub , 
  can i apply to the ministry of silly walks ? 
   slovakia and the czech republic umm , the velvet divorce happened in 1993 , before either state was an eu member . 
   szyd\u0142o said she hoped next week 's eu summit , which poland will attend , will be able to come up with a solution on how to move forward . 
  hardly sounds like a lecture . 
  shit r/crusaderkings say - the post :p, 
  how silly of me to forget this basic tenet . 
  yeah they blockaded ( not used baseball bats or violence ) the parade just like the antifa blockades the yearly onr november 11th march . 
   all the walls say what ? 
  lgbt have regular pride parades here and no one hurts them while doing so and they are protected by the police . 
  it 's just bantz !, 
  basic line of thought : `` how dare this person come in here and flaunt the fact of their existence in my workplace ? 
  i wish they 'd go and exist somewhere else , preferably out of my sight ! '', 
  you sure you did n't mean r/the _ donald ? 
  no pc crowd to protect the polish so they make for easier prey . 
  we live in ridiculous times ? 
  so you 're proposing a violent act ( gentle kick in the bum ) and potential property seizure ( taking their buckets ) in response to a non-violent act ? 
   taking action  you need to be hard on them and how do you propose to go about doing so ? 
  thank you for your proper clarification , 
  350 million down votes per week !, 
  it 's called projecting , 
   shop assistants do n't want me in there it 's a polish thing . 
  polish retail employees are not exactly happy-go-lucky people by nature . 
  hell , i am polish and i get the cold shoulder in polish shops . 
  and if you do n't know who the homophobes are then how are you to challenge them ? 
  thank you for saying this better than i did , 
   the only good it does is to identify to others who the homophobes are in society . 
  that 's what i was trying to get at in a way . 
  so you 'd rather have them not say anything at all , then ? 
  how should they express their views , then ? 
  just sit quiet and not say anything because people disagree ( rightfully ) with their views ? 
   well germans in poland have minority rights . 
  they even have a seat in our sejm or senat . 
  i forget which one but they have proper representation in our government . 
  it 's homophobic , sure , but at least they are expressing their views in a harmless way . 
  god forbid people should express their views if they happen to go against the grain without hurting anyone . 
  of course not but at least they are expressing their views in a way that is mostly harmless i.e. 
  pouring water on the street . 
  they said the same about the uk referendum ... 
  that 's kind of like closing the door after the horse bolted at this point , no ? 
  they 're pouring water on the street , not spray painting slogans against homosexuals or beating them up . 
  hardly homophobic behaviour considering the alternative . 
  our government does n't realize the importance of r & d. we , the people , most certainly do , 
  well , parades do leave a lot of litter behind . 
  yes , i get the gist of the article . 
  what did the poles ever do for us ? 
  i do n't think most of them are racists , just the uneducated , small-minded people . 
  just like in every other country . 
  but ... the will of the people !,
