  the problem is that most parents go overboard with it and they tend to use it first instead of as a last resort when most rational courses of action aka anything non-violent fail with a given child . 
  sounds like the same situation in poland : eastern europe wages , western europe prices . 
  no longer used :p, 
   it 's been the last year it 's also election season all across europe right now so there 's that ... 
  me too . 
  * some assembly required . 
  you must be fun at parties , sheesh . 
  you fly off the handle often ? 
  [ a new reichtangle for a new era ... ] ( http://imgur.com/a/um5df ), 
  we 're all living in ~ ~ amerika ~ ~ germany ... 
  collectively ? 
  buck fitty , best i got , take it or leave it . 
  a representative republic . 
   however , the pis government knows that a walk side-by-side is less dangerous than a car ride , certainly . 
  ho ho ho ... good one !, 
  is there a tl ; dr of what the teacher is saying ? 
  of course , but we 're talking about discipline here and not general discourse . 
  does talking as a form of discipline work just as effectively as spanking does , in your opinion ? 
  does talking do it any differently besides the fear effect ? 
  also , `` disciplining '' does not always equal `` beating the kid to a bloody pulp '' either . 
  yes , because all schools are perfect and no kids ever get into fights in a school . 
   make them stop ? 
  teach them the right thin to do ? 
  that part . 
  they 'll learn it at school too , though . 
  no , because i have no need or desire to go around hitting random adults . 
  wtf kind of question is that anyways ? 
  a light spanking to let a child know their limits if they 're beyond the point of talking is not child abuse but go ahead and call it that , i guess , you will anyways . 
  depends on what you define as a spanking but a light tap on the rump with an open hand followed by a verbal warning with a stern voice serves as a quick way to warn the dog that they have been misbehaving . 
  i certainly do n't advocate beating a dog within an inch of their life like some people define spanking in this thread . 
  before you ask , i 've lived with plenty of dogs in my life so what i wrote above was something that worked most of the time . 
  i 'd like to see a study with kids that have n't been spanked vs. kids that have . 
  so far , people have posted one side ( kids that have been spanked ) in this thread . 
  man , you 're acting like i am advocating beating them within an inch of their life . 
  calm down a bit . 
  i asked `` how would people discipline unruly kids ? '', 
  and you take it to this extreme because i asked a question . 
  well , i am not sure about the filming , i was just using the video to illustrate why tantrums usually occur , no more , no less . 
  yes and ? 
  oh and nice edit on your previous post . 
  anyways , the kid is throwing a tantrum because he wants something and is not getting it . 
  i think he 's getting all the attention he wants ... 
  of course it 's not allowed to ask a question that has an opposing viewpoint . 
  i forgot where i was for a second . 
  i always see it as `` give me that !, 
  i want it ! '', 
  mode like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrwcpoxmzos, 
  i had a mix of the taking away and spankings and i too became a law abiding productive human . 
  can we have a discussion without the ad hominems ? 
  also , i do n't go around randomly spanking adults either . 
  moving the goalposts . 
  wives are independent as they can leave the relationship at any time . 
  so an open-handed spanking on the bottom is harmful now ? 
  no one said they are `` lesser beings '' , they simply are not independent adults in the eyes of the law until a certain age . 
   if a child is throwing a temper tantrum they are literally begging for your attention . 
  usually it 's because you told them `` no , you ca n't have that thing you want just because you want it . '', 
  see it all the time . 
   no not necessarily , you have to deal with it . 
  yes , you do and you discipline the child in a way that he or she will understand that their acting out in such a way in a public place will not be tolerated . 
  children are considered minors until a given age , depending on the country . 
  and you 're still moving the goalposts as no one is talking about adults . 
  can you link those studies , please ? 
  children are not adults . 
  you 're moving the goalposts here . 
  i think we all know the definition of sexual abuse but could you define `` physical abuse '' in this context , please ? 
  a spanking on the bottom is beating now ? 
  really ? 
  there are ways to discipline a child without abusing them but people seem to think even spanking a child with an open hand on the bottom is violence . 
  in any case , if they are throwing a temper tantrum they will not stop until they exhaust themselves and no amount of talking helps . 
  with older kids , yeah , i can see talking to them working but not really young ones , though . 
  that 's cool but how do you talk to them when they are not in a mood to listen ? 
  you think it 's going to somehow make them stop and think that maybe they should quiet down ? 
  have you ever seen a kid throw a temper tantrum ? 
  i doubt talking will work with such an occurrence . 
  union of craic . 
  how would people discipline unruly kids then ? 
  because some kids , no matter what , are very , very unruly ... 
  poland is becoming a net payer these days and we offer a market for western goods with approx . 
  38 million consumers . 
  re : hijabs . 
  i do n't have a problem with them if they are 100 % voluntary and a woman chooses to wear one without the coercion of her religion or her husband . 
  [ the mfs !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/11pcs1/while_i_lived_in_an_apartment_i_kept_a_linksys/c6oqc3m/ ) that 's what i meant to post earlier ... 
  even in the times of po , the public funded media was always slanted towards the government . 
  the previous party also replaced people in those outlets with people that were `` theirs '' so to speak . 
  tvn , one of our public channels , used to be called tusk vision network back in the day :p, 
  we have plenty of independent and mainstream news outlets that have nothing to fear from the government so no , we are not going in the direction of hungary or whatever the boogeyman of the day happens to be . 
  yep , we even have right wing death squads roaming the streets ... 
   you can grab them by the missiles . 
  it 's gon na be great . 
  the flaw is that we do n't hold the people in power accountable for their actions instead of treating them like the average citizen before the eyes of the law . 
  how does that work out for the quality of life for both the low income people and the high income people ? 
  also , that sounds a lot like section 8 housing in the us ... 
  give him a chance ! '', 
  fair-to-middlin ' britain . 
  it 's the polish way of life , it 's in our culture , you bigot !, 
  the poor albanians , though . 
  i think this is the second or third video that pokes fun at them ... 
  me too , if just to see what kind of stunt he pulls next ... 
   trademark mustache  does not look like the 1/3rd stache goddamnit austria , get your hitlerstache right !,
