  all from polish posters soooo yeah . 
  what ? 
  i know the difference between romanians and roma , just saying what i 've heard in the derogatory sense , my man . 
  maybe you should send your schwaben somewhere else so they do n't ruin the rest of the german regions ' reputations ? 
  i see them as being squandered . 
  i would n't mind paying them so much if i could direct my plns towards various state functions sort of like how it 's done on humble bundle . 
  ( i would make sure the politicians get not a grosz , though ! ), 
  szwab , `` rajch '' ( read it as `` reich '' ) , niemiaszek - german , germany moskal ( `` of moscow '' ) or kacap maybe rusek - russian ukrop , hohol , banderowiec - ukrainian ( banderowiec means `` someone who sympathizes or idolizes stepan bandera '' ) makaroniarz ( macaroni eater ) - italian \u017babojad ( frog eater ) - french cygan ( `` gypsy '' ) - romanians angol , brytol - derogatory names for brits/english , basically corruptions of the words `` anglik '' ( english person ) , `` brytyjczyk '' ( british person ) . 
  dogs with their balls on still tend engage in marking behavior , at least that 's what i saw in my experience as someone who owned unneutered dogs ( do n't worry they were inside dogs aka they just went outside to pee and poo and that 's it and very well supervised ) . 
  same here . 
  because , deep down , most people , no matter how much they say they despise nationalism , do n't want to see their country become just a mere state . 
  that , and each country in the eu as well as outside the eu has over 1000 years of history behind it . 
  you ca n't just throw that away ... 
  might be a russian living in estonia ... 
  are your bears aggressive or will they let you back off if you see one in the distance and are not planning on bothering it ? 
  just reply `` yes , they 're all on those boxes of lucky charms ... '', 
   we 'd go all charles x gustav at the sight of poland absolutely triggered . 
  check your empire privilege , shitlord ( obviously / s goes here ... ) seriously , though , maybe it 's just a cultural thing ? 
  i dunno , i am still flabbergasted why norwegians would want to come here besides us being lighter on their wallet than a western european country ( note to norwegians : i ai n't mad , just kind of like `` ummm ` k '' about the whole thing :p ) maybe you guys just have different schools than the norwegians , i dunno ... 
  was going to post the court jester but you beat me to it * shakes fist *, 
  the only one i really like is boris , an estonian youtuber who runs the life of boris channel . 
  i am not a regular fan of most youtubers , european or american . 
  dude/dudette , poland is cheap when you come in on a norwegian paycheck :p, 
  well , as long as the trip is balanced by something upbeat and positive like the folk music and dance , i guess it 's cool . 
  i just would n't want poland to be the museum of depressing as all hell history , you know ? 
  i mean i get the point of all that but man , that would depress the shit out of me as a kid , i guess , but that 's just me . 
  there is much more to poland than auschwitz but it might be hard to find ... 
  if i had 80k euros , i would give half of it to my mother and sister so they can handle their financial needs for a while and the rest i would spend probably travelling around the balkans and other eastern european countries . 
  ukrainians : they are usually quite decent people and they integrate quite quickly due to the very similar culture . 
  in warsaw , there are some turks and they usually run kebab shops or stands . 
  they 're interesting because every kebab shop or stand i 've been to they 've always had the one guy who could speak polish somewhat well be the `` front man '' for the rest of the crew . 
  i do n't have any strong feelings about them as they are not that noticeable . 
  also , i just recently moved next to the chinese embassy in warsaw so i see a lot of chinese and they 're stereotypically quiet and reserved . 
  same goes for poland . 
  i 'd rather we brought anglish up as a legit language ^ if ^ only ^ toannoythefrench ... 
  ca n't swing a dead cat without hitting one in warsaw , poland . 
  it 's santa . 
  get with the program ... 
  to add to this : norwegians also make extensive use of accredited tour guides on top of that . 
  at least according to some articles i read that i ca n't exactly source atm because laziness . 
  also , why do you guys have middle schoolers go to poland ? 
  i figured they 'd be bored here :p, 
  well , any tourists that do come to poland have to probably do some research since we are n't france or germany aka not as popular when it comes to tourism . 
  they have the worst rep in poland too !, 
  oddly enough i have n't met any dumb tourists in poland . 
  i know they exist but i have yet to see one ... 
  the `` can do '' attitude , mostly . 
  people are way too pessimistic about everything in my country . 
  it feels like a meme but it 's very understandable to me as a polish speaker ... 
  aka `` bolek '' , depending on who you ask ... 
  there are rumors that he either worked with or was forced ( somehow ) to work with the communist secret police back in the day . 
  he 's a rather controversial figure in poland . 
  `` magazyn '' in polish is `` warehouse '' but in russian it means `` shop '' lol . 
  freaking hell , russians ... perverting the language / s, 
  because russian is quite removed from western slavic languages such as polish . 
  as for ukrainian , i can understand it more since ukrainians were a part of poland for a while ( i believe this was during the kingdom of poland and then the commonwealth phase ) so that may be an influence . 
  i can kinda understand ukrainian and russian although russian gives me fits since words that sound the same in both languages mean something slightly different in both languages . 
  in polish , people use `` stary '' ( it means `` old '' ) as `` dude '' . 
  there 's also `` ziom '' but it 's kinda ghetto . 
  we used to play games with knives although i do n't remember the names of those games now . 
  it involved drawing a large circle in the dirt and people would throw the knife at certain spots and then draw a line if the knife stuck properly . 
  we also played card games . 
  one of them was called `` w chuja '' , although the official name was `` gra w pana '' . 
  some muslim countries still have stonings of women who committed adultery . 
  some muslim countries have women fully covered by burkas . 
  in some muslim countries women ca n't even drive and their testimony is worth less than that of a man . 
  tl ; dr islam could use a reformation or two or three ... 
  the polish version is just about the same but with different spelling for the words ... 
  kapusta ( cabbage ) = `` cash '' , hajs ( it rhymes with the english word `` nice '' ) `` cash '' or `` money '' , kasa `` cash '' ... 
  i would like to have them set up so if i shoot a damn burglar in my home i do n't go to jail for it . 
  so castle doctrine , concealed carry with the proper paperwork etc. 
   every country is restrictive to countries outside of it fixed that for you . 
  the us is the same as they impose tariffs on items outside the us that are not part of nafta or whatever other trade deals they have going on with individual countries . 
  i have a us passport so i would get the fuck out of dodge . 
  i have been certified as unfit for military service anyways so i would be no good in a fight . 
   this sub should be encouraging non-english content yes , as long as we get a decent translation unless we 're expected to speak 28 + languages all of a sudden :p, 
  lol we ca n't afford to be tougher on the u.s. , they 're bigger than us . 
  also , we have our own issues to sort out anyways . 
  hey you 're right , i was answering the `` language family '' portion rather than focusing on a single language lol . 
  changed it up a bit to better illustrate what i meant , 
  most of the latin language family , especially spanish , because they are like polish : what you see is what you say , the grammar is somewhat similar , and they use gendered words . 
  also , got ta love portuguese-pt as it sounds like a slavic language when spoken by portuguese folks . 
  portuguese-br is a different beast entirely . 
  and a definite lack of spicy food . 
  i have to eat kebabs with hot sauce to get a burn on : /, 
  every polish election is like this . 
  they 're starting to be popular here or so it seems . 
  lots of people at my job use them and i see people using them when they are waiting for the bus or tram ... 
  hell no !, 
  i have some slippers for walking around inside . 
  i am the same way , `` errrrr maybe we should go back to polish ... '', 
  well , in poland once the snow melts you get to have the lovely sight of all the uncleaned dog shit people did n't bother cleaning up since the snow covered it up ... 
  people still go for the manual transmission meme in poland but if i were to drive a car in this country , i 'd be driving an automatic because forget having to worry about an additional thing while driving . 
  uhhh we still burn tons of coal so not very effective ... 
  all of them . 
   also believe that the federal republic is really a company . 
  i heard about this one . 
  something related to the events after ww2 or a bit later , no ? 
  or it 's a twilight zone episode  . , 
  lived in florida for a long time and florida man is real over there ...
