  wiretapping or not , the abw should have a proper warrant for securing the laptop of the chief editor of wprost or any other news media outlet , no ? 
  from the video it seems like they were n't there lawfully since people are asking does the head of the abw know that those guys are there . 
  basically , it 's as if they were in that office without a warrant . 
  wiretapping or not , abw should act according to the law of the land and not burst in without a warrant ( if that was the case ) . 
  when it comes to po ? 
  oh yes , definitely . 
  those guys were pulling off scandals like you would n't believe . 
  people think pis is against free press ? 
  po was sending the polish equivalent of the fbi to the offices of the editor of wprost : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdyq_i9a7gw in order to procure his laptop from him by force without a court order . 
  moved back 5 years ago , no regrets . 
  had a rough start on the job thing for a bit but it 's much better now . 
  might be what zus runs on  . , 
   ** it 's ** just a disaster, 
  what do you know of `` american capitalism '' , if i may ask ? 
  is your ad-block off ? 
   just the tip [ that 's one of the three biggest lies in the world ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlggfs8i8eg ) ( nsfw so have headphones on ... ), 
  it 's hidden under all the women ... 
  i kinda like the austrian girl ... 
  that does n't explain the kilts though :p, 
  i need an ~ ~ adult ~ ~ tax advisor for this :p thank you for the detailed explanation , though :d, 
   portugal has no women damn man !, 
  true ... 
  a bit on the expensive side , imho . 
  if you want some downhome polish food , look for places called `` bar mleczny '' ( milk bar ) . 
  they serve some staples of polish cuisine for cheap . 
   the spectre never left europe someone call the ghostbusters , please !, 
  i somehow doubt the validity of that claim , not that i have a rational reason or anything , more of a hunch . 
  so let me get this straight : c pays 19 % and then another 32 % ? 
  sounds like c is getting taxed twice for one income ... 
  depends on the country . 
  poland was wiped off the map until the early 20th century ... 
  what socialist measures do you have in mind ? 
   i 'm just gon na go ahead and tell y' all that op 's account is 16 days old and all of their comments are pro-russian and pro-soviet , and against sovereign eastern europe , especially the baltics ( yes , op , i take personal offense in you calling lithuanians a shitty nation ) . 
  this is not even closely related to this discussion , but just beware when engaging in discussion with them - it 's absolutely pointless . 
  `` the soviets did nothing wrong , y' all '' . 
   i think that capitalism is far from being great . 
  so what do you propose , then ? 
   unfourtunately there is no capitalism without some crony in the mix unfortunately , that is all too true : /, 
  did you eat the horse though ? 
  otherwise , i will have to report you for wasting national resources to the comintern !, 
   no you pay 0 % on the first 20k , 10 % on the next , etc. . . care to elaborate ? 
  serious question . 
  here are the 2014 tax brackets for my country : http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/work/taxes/income-taxes-abroad/poland/index_en.htm, 
   higher taxes and wealth redistribution is dirty communism because the `` redistribution '' is always badly managed when it comes to the government and money that is not their own . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/idan/2015/536457/ipol_ida ( 2015 ) 536457_en . pdf that and we all know they cover for each other ... 
  you guys had disney cartoons ? 
  lucky , we always had bolek & lolek , some reksio , and wolf & rabbit ... 
  the problem is both of the major parties are bad : po : grabby handed weasels pis : grabby handed gang of populistic communists who give us the modern `` bread and circuses '' ( 500 + and the situation in the courts and sejm ... ), 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obqe_tni7zw ), 
  should 've made it commie red for the full effect :d, 
  forgive me if i fail to share your optimism that things might get better ... 
   responsible politicians so unicorns , basically ? 
  seriously , though , we really should start arresting politicians that have been proven to steal from the public pool . 
  that , i think , is part of the problem a ) our politicians have actual immunity ( wtf ! ), 
  b ) they 're never held accountable for their actions so they can rob all they like and all we get is more bullshit ... 
   communism has never been tried well , thank goodness it will never have an opportunity to do so again :d say no to the red menace !, 
  not really , just a bad joke i guess ... 
  do n't forget alcohol , that was omnipresent ... 
  comrade , report to factory # 457-a , we need more workers over there !, 
   critical mass of basic trust between the rulers and the ruled , not going to happen unless we excise the current political class and start over from scratch . 
  way too many of the same people that were around in the 90s and 00s are still in politics . 
  we need new blood ... who will in turn start playing grabby hands with our public funds ... yay . 
  poland is n't the only country i 've worked in ... as for crony capitalism , occurrences of such happen in a lot of countries , not just post-communist states , but we 're working on our cronies . 
  the gulags were prime vacation spots and everyone wanted to go !, 
  pls send aid !, 
  we only have last year 's ipad in our stores and our government runs on ms-dos !, 
  nah , we moved up to stealing german grandmothers now ... 
   i am in love with poland . 
  do n't worry , you 'll get over it soon :p, 
  so now you can see why i am rather hesitant to pay more taxes . 
  i do n't mind paying more taxes if i knew that they would be going to people who truly need the assistance ( the elderly , intellectually disadvantaged people , people who can not work because they are physically disabled , etc. ), 
  but considering our government , whether under po or pis ( i hate all of our politicians equally , they 're all pigs at the trough ) , can not manage their way out of a paper bag ... 
  nah , it would  you just have to get over your fear of so many consonants appearing next to each other :p, 
  even you do n't have a flag :p, 
  and it was still shit while it was present in poland . 
  meme factories are still factories :p, 
  well , of course not . 
  capitalism does n't mean we all become robots with no human feeling but i do see where you are coming from especially since in the u.s. there still is a real-world example with `` pre-existing conditions '' . 
   bad governance yeah . . i remember when po played grabby hands with our national retirement fund . 
  remember that ? 
  i ` member . 
  well , in poland we had the state shooting at workers who rebelled , clamp down on our individual freedoms ( not just with martial law ) , we had rampant inflation , and we had to stand in line or get up really early to get basic necessities . 
  oh and we had secret police and people being informants . 
   vote some populist idiots into power . 
  oops , that 's already happened . 
  as for taxes , we already pay an usurious 24 % vat for damn near everything along with the usual bevy of taxes we pay at the end of the fiscal year and yet we still have a shitty social net in our country . 
  so now i am being told that if i make more money , i should pay more taxes ... pay more taxes to a government that ca n't even manage them properly . 
  what would be the limit of the taxes levied on the people working ? 
  how much would be enough ? 
  maybe 50 % ? 
  a hungarian friend of mine told me about the hungarian `` orange '' :d, 
  as a spanish speaker , you would n't actually have too many problems  polish is like spanish : what you read is what you say ( unlike french :p ) . 
  polish is also a language with masculine and feminine forms so you 'd feel right at home with that  apologies if i am coming off presumptuous or anything , 
  great , higher taxes which means if i put myself in a higher tax bracket due to working longer hours and whatnot , i can expect to pay more . 
  well , ai n't that just an incentive to work just enough to avoid getting into a higher tax bracket . 
   it is wonderful when some people can catapult themselves to prosperity well , i would n't say i have prospered , just made myself comfortable to the point where i am no longer living a hand-to-mouth existence . 
   they in turn fuel the dispossessed underclass , which generates crime , more of itself and a fertile ground for political extremism . 
  so what does the left-wing propose to do about it ? 
  garnish my wages in the form of increased taxes to pay for these people 's existence ? 
  ha , very nice !,
