  was n't czechoslovakia a satellite state like poland was at the time ? 
  i ca n't tell , the picture does n't allow for zooming , and i was guessing it 's the soviet union since the baltics are rather close to russia geographically speaking . 
  definitely not sure how it would apply to the czech republic , though . 
  if i had to guess , it would be the soviet union ... 
  the german and spanish versions are great !, 
  i know that , simply referring to how they always have a few north african countries speaking in jakubmarian :p, 
  if you said that the first time it would 've saved you having to reply to me :p, 
  and `` niemcy '' came from `` people who ca n't talk '' :d, 
  inb4 or after `` some guy 's law regarding headlines '', 
   using the current year as a form of rebuttal top kek, 
  [ this is why ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_grodzka ) and it 's `` poles '' , please . 
  we have grodzka in our parliament soooo i think we somewhat got over the initial shock ... 
  this is the kind of talk we should avoid . 
  why should we stoop to erdogan 's level or below ? 
  we 're europeans , we 're better than that !, 
  ahh yes , the ever-present `` janusz biznesu '' manages to bugger up eu funds : /, 
  it 's the `` jakub marian '' dialect of syrian ... 
  we 'll take the drugs ... so we can forget we have pis in power . 
  send help !, 
  maybe they meant `` people with romanian passports '' rather than just `` romanians '' ?? 
  maybe ? 
  found the pleb who has n't watched the league of gentlemen . 
  leave my presence at once , peasant !, 
   black man sucker punches & stomps a kkk-dressed well , i do n't blame the black guy punching someone who was dressed as someone whose organization specialized in killing his people back in the day . 
  i mean that 's literally on the level of dressing up as hitler and attending a bar mitzvah ... as for `` hate speech '' , it depends on how it 's defined . 
  are we referring to `` hate speech '' as in `` i disagree with your views '' or `` i will now call for violence on a group of people based on their color of skin , their race , their creed '' ? 
  because , frankly , i kinda doubt milo , as much as you may disagree with him , is actually going around spewing hate speech . 
  i mean the dude is gay ( lots of people hate gays ) , has a black boyfriend ( lots of people hate black people ) , and i believe he is even jewish so that would be a major strike against him in the majority of far-right groups . 
  i am not saying he 's a saint but i do n't think he 's going to be peddling actual hate speech when he himself belongs to a couple of groups that get persecuted quite heavily in a lot places ... 
  if you can show me people getting beaten up for supporting hillary be my guest . 
  so far , i 've seen too many incidents where people would fuck with trump supporters ( see the deploraball , the various trump rallies ) . 
  hell , i even saw a video of a homeless person getting beat up for wearing a damn trump hat . 
  also , getting persecuted for speaking in the eu does not put it in a positive light . 
  i can understand if his speech was inflammatory , calling for direct violence , and the like but i do n't see milo as that kind of person . 
  also , and i do n't mean to change the subject entirely , but if milo would be arrested for his speeches why are n't some of these radical imams who literally call for people to be killed getting arrested left and right ? 
  either way , i get that trump is , well , of questionable intelligence but one should not just lump his supporters as not the most understanding of people when , so far , the extreme opposition is showing itself to be the very opposite of understanding . 
  the us from its very foundation was a clump of states banded together whereas the eu is attempting to bolt together entire countries ( from a layman 's perspective ) , each with their own language , culture , historical heritage , and so on . 
  it worked in vietnam ... 
  to be fair , it was the antifa crowd that rioted in berkeley when milo was supposed to have a talk . 
  yes , they destroyed private property over someone speaking with whom they disagreed with . 
  [ speaking of south africans ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aedk6zegnnu ), 
  damn man . 
  that 's harsh if in any way true ... 
  i kinda wanted to avoid that comparison since i am not from greece myself so i do n't know what 's it like to actually live there as an ordinary citizen  . , 
  i live in poland and we 're obviously not in western europe and i get receipts given to me without asking in 99 % of places . 
  only places that do n't appear to give one would be kebab stands . 
   but would equally fiery rhetoric just play into erdogan 's hands ? 
  yes , yes it would . 
  i think what erdogan is doing is trying to provoke other countries ( somehow ) so he can use it as propaganda but i am not sure since it 's just so ... odd to use `` nazi '' towards governments these days ... 
  well , the luftwaffe you had some polish help along with the cracking of enigma . 
  not saying the poles did everything , just that the uk had help in some things . 
  just needs more money for them programs ... 
  yeah no , we are n't . 
  i know it 's comfortable to think of kaczynski as a dictator-to-be but there 's no way he would even be able to get enough power to hold poland in the grip of dictatorship . 
  besides , in 29 months pis will most likely be voted out thanks to their actions since coming to power . 
  wait , wait , wait ... if people are unemployed and they are not making any money due to being unemployed how are they going to spend money , which is at the root of capitalism ? 
  dude , all i get are garbled symbols and such when clicking on that link . 
  no photo . 
  as it should . 
   move towards western eu countries when i wrote that i meant that they get something more than just a work permit that allows them to work & travel elsewhere , something like a permanent residency or even citizenship . 
  from what i have read so far , no , it 's not since we have surveys on what people are supposedly spending the money on : http://wiadomosci.dziennik.pl/wydarzenia/artykuly/533750,sondaz-cbos-polak-pieniadze-z-500-plus-rodzina.html ( just one of a few articles i read about this ) . 
  pfft , the counterattack is to just squeeze by one of them :d, 
  [ reeeeees internally ], 
  yeah , they even have memes about the `` karta polaka '' :d saw a comic the other day where a woman goes to a wishing well and wishes to be `` more desirable to the opposite sex '' ( paraphrasing from the translation ) and so the well changes her to a `` karta polaka '' :d, 
  we still remember the deluge , ya swede !, 
  :p but seriously , swedes seem like nice folks these days ... 
   polish average wage is 4000 z\u0142 . 
  usually the earnings of our ceos are taken into account when calculating the `` average '' wage and since our ceos earn a lot that bumps up the number . 
  the real average wage is probably 2000-2500 pln afaik . 
  usually `` janusz '' is used as a pejorative such as `` janusz biznesu '' to describe someone who is shady in their business dealings or is someone who will do what they can to not pay their employees a proper wage by working around the law ... 
  but do they stay or do they come around , work for a while , and then go back or move towards western eu countries ? 
  i 've seen first-hand what happens when you give people free money . 
  i 've lived in neighbourhoods where one woman would have x amount of kids , each one from a different father , and all of those kids would be neglected or even outright abused . 
  boy , i ca n't wait until we get `` mother 's day '' once a month around here / s, 
  that 's why we should have a special credit card where the money goes and you can not spend the money on anything other than the basic necessities such as food and baby formula . 
  giving people straight up cash is just asking for problems . 
  if she was a bit taller she could play some basketball , she 's got some nice height with that jump . 
  i sure as hell could n't jump that high ... 
  ah my bad , 
  yeah , there do tend to be who do it for the money , no doubt about that . 
  the government should enact this like the way they do in the u.s. : money that 's supposed to go for basic necessities , such as food , clothing , etc , should be sent to a special credit card where you can not use it at an atm . 
  as of right now , just plain giving people 500 cash in hand , so to speak , is going to be to the benefit of our * patologia * . 
  * build, 
  500 pln is literally a drop in the bucket . 
  also , it 's been shown that what people do with this 500 pln is they squirrel it away just in case of actual financial trouble instead of spending it . 
  do n't get me wrong , they still take care of their kids and such . 
  `` they 're cute until they 're yours . '', 
  - ancient chinese secret regarding heads of state and children . 
  my girlfriend makes me eat apples and other fruits ... 
  same here . 
  my first thought when seeing the picture in the op was `` man , they have some patient bus drivers up there in finland ... '', 
  and we must deal with it !, 
  ask the mods , i guess . 
  generally , no , but if you work in a manual labor job they do tend to get bigger somewhat . . 
  as do diplomats . 
  happens to the best of us , 
  merkel was visiting him , not the other way around . 
  nope , i tend to actually avoid them . 
   important newspapers no , those were magazines such as wprost and they 're not even all that important . 
  trump * chose * his skin color , he was n't born with it .
