  do n't worry , we have mcdonald 's here . 
  anywhere rich and english speaking . 
  definitely not france though . 
  ca n't trust a language where the written word and the spoken vary so greatly . 
  i do this . 
  no shame at all !, 
  by defenestration perhaps ? 
  how is history racist ? 
  i wonder how many anomalies they have seen ... 
  too bad they keep blowing up when performing those rocket surgeries ... 
  my hungarian friend constantly brings up rampant corruption as a major issue in hungary . 
  kids = expensive poland = kinda poor does that work better ? 
  he was really slo ... 
  jewish conspiracy !, 
  jquery deserves all the mockery it gets . 
  oh god , her expression :d `` please let me liiiiiiiivvveeeee ! '', 
  oh noes ... it 's a different alcohol ... no worries , we 'll just call up some hungarians for palinka :p, 
  lol , they 're not going anywhere . 
  can you drink alcohol ? 
  do you breathe ? 
  if you answered `` yes '' to either of those questions , you 'll be fine , 
  we do n't have that and no , the 500 pln our government decided to hand out will not cut it . 
  well , most people are not having kids due to the average wage still being too low . 
  see , when the average wage is being calculated here in poland the earnings of ceos and the like are also taken into account which skews the results . 
  tl ; dr people do n't want to have kids if they ca n't afford them and our social welfare sucks arse when compared to western european countries . 
  invest in eastern poland !, 
  and yet people who promote communism still exist ... 
  western spy !, 
  i never visit telegraph.co.uk and i got hit by the paywall ... 
  merkel is coming here on the 26th . 
  god save us all !!, 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  and muslim vegans and those pesky vegan muslims . 
  all this hue and cry about muh niqab . 
  do n't like it ? 
  go back home !, 
   africa stabilized has n't happened , is n't happening now , and wo n't happen in the future . 
  as for the eu , it will probably either be broken up or about to break up in 20 years . 
   mohammed ahmed mohammed it 's like stereotypes that write themselves ... 
  ok , i got ta ask but what does `` dupa '' mean in proper romanian ? 
  in pl , it means `` ass '' as in the body part ... 
  all the while he goes off to live in his gated community with armed security and everything else . 
  hue and this is why public transport is better :p, 
  yeah right lol . 
  we 've been sold up the river once , it will likely happen again . 
  it costs $ 1.05 . 
  give them a choice of where they want to go and we have planes , trains , and ships that we can use to put them back . 
  they can come back when they 've rooted out the nastier aspects of their religion . 
  [ france was deporting romani gypsies a while back ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expulsion_of_romani_people_from_france ) and there was no genocide afterwards . 
  as for the borders all of the borders that are next to non-eu countries should be closed . 
  since they attack us europeans in the name of their religion , why can we not remove them on those grounds ? 
  why do we have to turn the other cheek and not acknowledge the elephant in the room , mainly that islam is religion prone to religious violence ? 
  they should be removed until they develop into a religion that can exist in a peaceful , civilized society . 
  until then , they should stay in muslim countries . 
  the reason i state that they should be removed is because they are not integrating at all . 
   people who 'd actually like to see all muslims deported to uh ... somewhere . 
  that line of thinking is merely a few inches away from suggesting genocide . 
  that is a [ slippery slope fallacy ] ( https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/slippery-slope ) . 
  correct me if i am wrong but last time i checked the dictionary the word `` deportation '' did not mean genocide . 
  in any case , they should stay in muslim countries until the various sects of islam get their act together and get rid of their extremists and reform those sects within the religion that condone barbaric practices such as honor killings or public stonings of female adulterers . 
  regarding basic income , i see it setting a dangerous precedent as someone who has lived in a neighbourhood where just about everyone living there was a welfare recipient . 
  the welfare recipients would not attempt to seek work , had several kids from different fathers , dealt drugs , and other things . 
  they certainly were not making constructive use of their free time . 
  the only way i could see bi working if it was a supplement and only a supplement . 
  as for the attack in nice , i will admit that it might not have been preventable entirely but i think some of what i have suggested may have reduced the chances of it occurring in the first place . 
  stricter immigration control for immigration from non-eu countries i.e. 
  no papers , no entry . 
  reforming the welfare system in countries that have generous welfare systems . 
  welfare should not be permanent like it seemingly is now and should be used as a stepping stone towards gainful employment . 
  it should also be restricted to natural-born citizens of a given country . 
  this is one of the reasons why the western eu countries have such a massive influx of immigrants : their generous benefits . 
  the eu and the us need to stop mucking around in the me as that is a significant cause of this immigration/refugee crisis . 
  deportation of foreign criminals and harsher punishment but not capitol punishment . 
  these so-called `` global elites '' do n't give a damn . 
  [ this would be a good start ] ( http://imgur.com/a/8wyq7 ), 
  taxpayers do n't need to pay for his stay in prison for the rest of his life . 
  this is like spray-on hair levels of compensation though and brings even more attention to hollande 's height . 
  well , i did not downvote you since i could detect the sarcasm . 
  maybe it 's because it 's really late but what are you trying to say now ? 
  i can see it now ... `` errrrm lads , what 's this article ... article 50 , anyone remember that ? 
  anyone at all ? '', 
  germania  . , 
  you have coin , khajitski has wares ... 
   poles having the plague actually , poland escaped the black death unscathed :p, 
   meeting terrorism with kindness yeah , because that always works with people who have no morals . 
  of course we are n't . 
  they just blend in with the irlandzki skleps :p, 
  nah , i will bunker up here in poor , irrelevant poland . 
  you can keep your `` diversity '' in the west :p, 
  i guess it 's just something we have to get used to . 
  while that may be damn near impossible , it would be good for muslims to stay out of european countries until they can catch up to western civilization . 
  i am sure on the individual level there are muslims that are what we can consider to be civilized and who abhor the practices of their more extremist/misguided members but since it 's rather difficult to find the crazies until it 's too late , it 's better that they go back and make their own countries better instead . 
  maybe they should stop following a loony tunes religion and read a book called `` how to be civilized '' because i personally am sick of seeing these uncouth , barely civilized people running around europe and perpetrating all kinds of heinous crimes . 
  so we 're just supposed to shut up and take these kind of things ? 
  fuck that . 
  `` do n't tell people to not be axe murderers , it will make more axe murderers ! '', 
  how long and how many times are you supposed to move when jobs get outsourced or filled with people who are willing to live in deplorable living conditions and willing to take any wage thrown at them ? 
   maybe ` working class ' could go and work sometimes . . for depressed wages that wo n't pay living costs . 
  do you think we live in some backwards villages or something ? 
  the fifth column is revealed !,
