  i 'd prefer reading both sides and i look for catalunya flairs to see their side of the story as well as the spanish side . 
   both genders want to self segregate are you sure about that ? 
  maybe the women say they want that because their `` devout '' husbands are always watching them ? 
   how dare they live according to their culture so if a culture practices gender segregation even in public places ( not counting places of worship because those are usually private to the practitioners of said religion ) , then it 's ok ? 
   we have a different mentality like our home country so why bring it to a new country ? 
   european cooperation apologies for asking but are you saying they are a `` corporation '' or a `` co-op '' ? 
  `` french '' fries originated there . 
  they supposedly have places that serve nothing but fries in all kinds of different ways . 
  brussels is in there and that 's one of the locations of the eu parliament . 
  walloon 6 . 
  french and dutch are spoken there . 
  for a while they had either no government or the government shut down for a while . 
  no , it was n't anarchy as the functions of the state were carried out ... not sure on the situation but i remember hearing news stories about this for a while . 
  apparently , [ john cleese hates belgians ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ixvhcw07do ), 
   chav crusaders `` hussars '' is the new word now ... 
  all those `` saatanas '' , man ... 
  carnaval and a bit of zoeira for everyone !, 
  no actual proof has been put forth that the netherlands actually exist . 
  as of right now , you 're just wearing a fancy flag  . , 
  `` the prussians ~ ~ bavarians ~ ~ are coming ! '', 
  * hands on sword intensifies *, 
  it 's the food , the wine is covered by jc himself :p, 
  ... asks the basketball player ... 
   if i had one but you sent it to the vatican , right ? 
   no other country literally forbids a part of their country from leaving well , what if texas wanted to secede from the us ? 
  afaik , there is no legal framework for this in u.s. law , not a lawyer etc. 
  last time i checked , no one in our country was throwing homosexuals off roofs , unlike in some islamic countries . 
  and possibly the konkordat poland has with the vatican https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/konkordat ( sorry for the pl link , best i could find at a moment 's notice ), 
  is bavaria that catholic ? 
  i recommend reading scandinavia and the world , a nice webcomic about the scandinavian/nordic countries ... 
  all those volcanoes :p, 
  triggered much ? 
  they are n't nordic either :p, 
  triggered balts ? 
  lol ... wait till you read the '' - om '' suffix on words that should not end with '' - om '' . 
  synonym for `` layabouts '' . 
   do they just book a 1-way plane ticket to some random ass polish town no , they go for warsaw or any one of our bigger cities . 
  as for the specifics , i ca n't tell you as when i came back to poland , i entered on an american passport and i was born here in poland so i did n't have to go through reams of paperwork . 
   i seriously wonder how the hell does an algerian with almost no english skills somehow wakes up one day and says `` i 'll start a kebab place in a small polish city '' and then somehow does it . 
  they probably try to get to other places but either get denied entry or whatever and settle for poland . 
  i actually talked to one guy who runs a kebab shop siince he a ) had good english and polish skills and b ) was from turkey ( i know he 's from turkey since they have their tv set to a turkish channel and turkish is easy to recognize in written form ) . 
  he told me that he wanted to go to germany or somewhere else other than poland but could n't get there so he settled for poland . 
   aricle by anne applebaum hahahaha i almost stopped reading right there . 
  she 's the wife of [ rados\u0142aw sikorski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rados%c5%82aw_sikorski ) , and he 's a rather high ranking member of the civic platform party aka the party that just got recently blown the fuck out in our last elections after ruling for 8 years . 
  tl ; dr that article is rather biased , i am afraid . 
  yeah , i kinda doubt that is happening , since i live here and all , but if it makes you feel better to make a sweeping generalization , feel free . 
  because we have benches everywhere so no need to squat . 
   how to fuck to middle eastern people even move and set up a business in poland ? 
  they probably apply for permission . 
  since there are a lot of kebab stands in poland they probably get help somehow . 
  as for learning the language , well , they learn it out of necessity , i guess . 
  `` we ` renotgypsieslandia '' ? 
   a job working as a bartender is better than no job at all that 's what irked me about the whole thing . 
  they offered some solutions to his problem and he said no to all of them . 
  i can understand maybe not wanting to be a kindergarten teacher but a bartender job would be better than just sitting on one 's ass ... 
  godless assumes you do n't believe in god or the devil ... i think ? 
  jesus never went there ... 
  silence , you promiscuous atheist :p, 
  no worries  we still ca n't match the finnish alphabet anyways :p, 
  well , all the romanians i 've met were actually chill people with an interesting sounding language . 
  never had the chance to sample romanian cuisine ... 
  pepiki : getting maps wrong since forever :p, 
  would `` last remnant of the roman empire '' do ? 
  yes but that 's not an `` l '' in the middle . 
  it 's our '' \u0141 '' which is pronounced like the english `` w '' like `` walking '' . 
  ok ... maybe a higher chance of a job than a glorified `` social studies '' degree ... 
   a degree in social work specialising in multicultural social work i bet if he had a stem degree he would have found work . 
  also  on many occasions , he was urged to get a bar license or a hygiene pass so he could find work in the restaurant or catering sectors -- areas in which he has no training or experience so what would 've prevented him from getting the experience ? 
  they 've been with poland for hundreds of years soooo ... 
  hell if i know but all i know is that people can go out and have a safe and fun time during new year 's eve . 
  nothing like that happening in our country . 
  u/lud1120 jailed for asking for trafficked hash, 
  man , she looked half-dead after the election was over . 
  i doubt she 'll make it to 2020 . 
   turkey 's kebab it is multi-functional ... 
  thank god hillary wo n't run in 2020 ... 
  i think it 's because they picked up what was handy . 
  i find it funny in a way :d, 
  yep !, 
   montenegro with the hammer love it :d, 
  my condolences to the victims and their families . 
  errrr wrong thread ? 
   those who are working crazy hours or workaholics usually expects everyone to work like them i only expect people to do their jobs , i do n't care how they work . 
   there 's so much peer pressure in offices nowadays where people stay late just because they want to show their bosses/collegues that they are dedicated to their work i work the way i work so that i can have my stuff done earlier so i can focus on other projects or relax because i do n't have the pressure of a deadline . 
   by working more you are just gaining unfair advantage over some other collegues who simply can not work more . 
  ( such as picking up kids from school or long commute to work ) we 're not all that competitive at my workplace but i see that this could be a problem in a lot of other work environments . 
  or polish , for me . 
  le joke ... 
  all of the better educated people with decent-to-excellent english speaking skills leave the country . 
  can confirm , i know of 4 hungarians in my workplace and they all speak excellent english . 
  subtle yet effective ... 
  and spurdo !, 
  finland might be turning 100 years old but they still [ wo n't get within 100 meters of each other ] ( http://polandball.cc/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/azzmgph.png ), 
  lube up !, 
  happy new year y' all !, 
  happy new year to you as well , 
  actually , i prefer a president or prime minister . 
   polish language does not go that far north soon, 
  easier to just import people from the old country and let them build how they would in the old country . 
  for example , if you want to see an approximation of greece , you can visit tarpon springs in florida and go to the sponge docks .
