   ohh . . i really do n't think any politician really has any control over fuel costs unless their party chooses to subsidize it somehow . 
  they do n't have direct control over the fuel costs , no , but they can add or raise the taxes placed on fuel . 
  nope , it 's a parody account specifically created to simulate our current prime minister 's way of talking in polish . 
  since our actual pm is a pis member i thought i could get her `` input '' :p, 
  seriously speaking , the swabians may have been one of the first germanic tribes the poles have encountered back in the day . 
  not-so-seriously speaking , it just rolls off the tongue :p, 
   you can finally order austrians around we know austria likes it that way ... 
  i know : / i was hoping for something to be generated related to the conversation at hand ... 
  you 'd need $ 100 billion more just to cover the incompetence and corruption in romania and poland combined . 
  there 's the amber gold scandal that his son may have been involved in . 
  yeah it 's his son and all but still , the apple does n't fall far from the tree . 
  there 's also his penchant for bs . 
  for example , when it was time for his second term he said that fuel would cost 6 polish zloty per liter if kaczynski were to become prime minister . 
  what happened ? 
  fuel costs during his second term as pm were over 6 polish zloty per liter . 
  there were far more scandals under his reign that are too many to list here . 
  for the record , i am not a fan of pis aka the party that got their shit handed to them just recently in the eu parliament , just stating my personal beef with the guy . 
  they 're close by ? 
  hide the train tracks !, 
  `` if someone does n't like going to the movie theater , they can simply wait and buy the movie when it comes out on dvd . '', 
  yeah give me a few . 
  that too ... 
  well , my attempt at throwing szeatabydlo at you went wrong ... 
  one with any executive power in the eu . 
  he 's not the eu commission president , just the eu council , iirc . 
  i personally do n't but that 's just me . 
  + / u/user _ simulator szeatabydlo, 
  you are germans on the polish version of this map . 
  homo-niemiec detected !, 
  i am rather used to getting downvoted so it does n't bother me as much but thank you regardless , 
  we all know he was polish anyways / s, 
  euiv i presume ? 
  [ the sleeper agent is in this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kwzr2vm.jpg ) `` ukryta opcja '' = germans hiding in poland, 
  `` szwaby '' tends to be used pejoratively , though . 
  as in `` this is not my final form ! '', 
  say anything about immigration as a pole , no matter whether it 's rabid ranting or an attempt at a reasonable discussion about a sensitive topic , and grab some popcorn . 
  `` when asked about your occupation do not reply `` just visiting '' '' lesson 2 . 
  i 'd rather just put kaczynski and tusk on the first rocket to mars . 
  let them fight out their bullshit in space . 
  beata szydlo looks more like a lad with a bad bowl haircut ... 
  it 's why we are the buckle of the butthurt belt ... 
  goddamnit ... two of you misspelled `` rhetoric '' as `` rethoric '' . 
  sorry ... just get triggered by this shit ... 
  we 're not sending our best ( to germany , the best go to the uk or the us ... ) . 
  you can call my wife a whore , you can spit on my country but by the gods i wo n't stand for being called a sexist !, 
  ( paraphrased from a polish cartoon ) . 
   take jobs from poles yeah and those are usually construction and other physical labor jobs ... just like our countrymen do in the uk and elsewhere in the eu . 
  can we revert this commit , please ? 
  legal according to one of the four freedoms granted to us by the eu immigrant , thank you very much :p, 
  thanks pis for giving the press a field day with the negative news about poland . 
  now i see 3-5 threads about how poland this , poland that . 
  i wish pis went back to school for some basic diplomacy skills . 
  better to have the kid exposed to cats now instead of being allergic to cat dander or something later in life or to at least find out early if they are allergic to cats ... 
  well , i am sorry for asking about the cost . 
  i certainly have no agenda , i just wanted to know since i think it 's something cool and nice and i wish our country had something like that rather the meh 500 + program we have now ... 
  29 more months , then we 'll get a different shit show but one liked by the outside world , i guess . 
  we have assholes here , just like every other country , who would have done this no matter who was in power so trying to draw a correlation between the portuguese kid and our government 's position on the immigration/refugee crisis is a wee bit of a stretch . 
  null vote all the way . 
  then no , it 's not a good thing as it veers into minority report levels of dystopia ... 
  well , ours does n't seem to be guarding the constitutional order all that well recently ... 
  well , he 's in the eu parliament making more money than you or i will probably see so i guess he 's sly * enough * . 
  you can believe me or not , no skin off my back but using the one incident of someone from portugal being assaulted for looking different is almost on the same level as `` sweden is the rape capital of europe , here 's these statistics !, 
  anyone got a non-paywall version of the article ? 
  or could at least tag the post as a paywall ? 
   polexit we ai n't going anywhere and it would be political suicide for pis as that would drive away those who voted for them but want us to be part of the eu and yes , such people more than likely exist ... 
  no , thank you . 
  i know my limits and i know i would n't do any better than the current pigs at the trough . 
  portuguese immigrants are always welcome . 
  no , i know how the president works in poland ( he does n't but that 's just my opinion :p ) . 
  i mean in the other eu countries . 
  i actually give a null vote in our elections since our political class , no matter their stance , is just a sham . 
   korwin oh god no ... can we just throw out our current political class , bar them from holding office , and start from scratch ? 
  so what 's the point of a president in most european countries ? 
  i mean in the u.s. you have the vice president acting as a sort of back up in case the president dies or is incapacitated but in europe the president just seems to be a glorified diplomat and in some places the guy who puts parliament together which , frankly , does n't happen all that often . 
  i am not paranoid . 
  i just do n't care for our government and i do n't trust them to actually do anything useful . 
  i actually see it as a huge circus ( you would too if you lived here long enough ) . 
  hmmm , i never stated they dictate anything , rather , other countries just follow them by example or just agree on their own to what they ( germany ) have to say , when germany speaks in the eu it gets far more attention in general ( see media coverage ) . 
  i suppose you could say they have some soft power influence but nothing to the point to where they and they alone say what must be done and the other countries kowtow in line . 
  if i could vote for them , i would . 
   trusting the government i do n't trust our government one iota , whether po or pis is in charge . 
  long story short : no , i do n't trust the president to do anything useful . 
  no , that would be germany . 
  edit : not mad about it , just stating the realities of it . 
  they 're all sly , some are just more sly than others . 
  in other news , water : still wet . 
  back to you u/everything _ is_koan . 
  i do n't recall seeing a ballot with is name on it in the last few days . 
  he was actually chosen by the eu council . 
  or he feels secure in his position and can now speak his mind on matters where he could n't ? 
  again , the limits of text prevent one from discerning the actual meaning behind the words since body language , tone , and a whole lot of other things come into play when communicating face-to-face , 
  what else should i be wondering about ? 
  i do n't have an issue with the package , just curious as to how much it costs as i would love to have something like that here ... 
  did you vote for him to go to the european parliament , though ? 
  ahh the limits of text ... 
  i asked that question to imply that we do n't have those kinds of classes for ukrainians . 
  well , during his time as our pm he was to merkel what blair was to george w. bush : a lapdog . 
  that sounds like poland in august especially in the trams . 
  i wonder how much it costs the taxpayer on average ... 
  it 's `` benefits '' if you want to point out something related to social welfare  sorry for the pedantry but i thought you should know ,
