the british finance ministry ( or the equivalent ) must have known before hand though . 
  depends on the timeframe you are looking at . 
  sorry , but who is huylo ? 
  haha you are one mad fucker . 
  and check out the double tap drone policy, 
  http://www.bundestag.de/dokumente/textarchiv/2012/37499490_kw04_antisemitismusbericht/207504 they 're antisemetism does n't change ours haha, 
  hmm i feel like they 've really been out and about yesterday, 
  do what you want , anglocunt . 
  i 'm just saying dont ' t beat em . 
  oh your polite `` fuck off '' did n't work ? 
  well then better get the bats out boys . 
  wth how does them being economic migrants justify beating them and police violence, 
  dude i 'm not justifying anything . 
  i 'm saying that it does n't allow us to make blanket statements about a group of people . 
  and where 's the difference between blowing 20 people up with an explosive vest or blowing them up with a missile from a drone ? 
  but that 's a discussion for another time . . 
  10 % of germans are antisemites but that does n't say anything about the rest of us . 
  and i 'm sure if you asked christians , hindus , or orthodox christians if they wish that there would eventually be more of their religion than another 's religion in a country they would say hell yea . 
  well if we 're using pew to show how some people approve of violent acts that often hit civilians . 
   about six-in-ten americans ( 62 % ) approve of the u.s. government 's drone campaign [ pew research center ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/daily-number/majority-of-americans-support-u-s-drone-campaign/ ) i still think most american 's are real `` nice '', 
  you 're just jelly of our sweet social security , you know you want some of that, 
  does n't make anything right , but when some christians act crazy no one makes sweeping judgements about all of them, 
  nah only the nuts , 99 % of them are real nice . 
  which is my point , 
  i live in a predominantly muslim immigrant neighborhood . 
  a few weeks ago had a big group of crazy christians come here and harass people , including kids , the cops got called . 
  there 's crazies everywhere . . 
  * stop beating us * stop police violence * we want protection sounds reasonable enough to me, 
  well i do . 
   they approach people as a group , speaking down to them and advising proper behaviour and hand out a leaflet see christians doing this shit all the time . 
  haha who would have guessed, 
  oo someone 's jelly, 
  lol in what country do people randomly start singing their national anthem, 
  like i said , i do n't feel guilty do n't know why that 's always assumed . 
  is sadness about millions of horribly murdered people that strange to you ? 
  of course that would n't change . 
  how the hell do you know what i 'm proud of or not ? 
  and we sing our national anthem all the time , last time i did was a few weeks ago at a regional table tennis competition . 
  why do you need white guilt and german guilt to exist so badly ? 
  no one fucking told me to feel guilty about it . 
  i learned what happened and feel bad for the victims , like any sane person would . 
  feeling bad/empathy is not guilt . 
  and why the hell do you think i `` feel sorry for that all the time '' ? 
  i do have other hobbies than thinking about wwii you know . 
  what are you trying to prove and why ? 
  ca n't you feel bad that lots of people died ? 
  why does that have to be white guilt . 
  is me saying that what we did in wwii was horrible german guilt ? 
  no way , it was simply horrible , no matter where you 're from . 
  no , but there 's paying attention to the electorate , and then there 's pandering for the sake of staying in power . 
  right ? 
  let 's get someone from the linke in there !, 
  no one was denying it here, 
  eh it 's always been like this with first/second generation immigrants . 
  italians and irish in america for example . 
  my uncle used to work with migrants from albania and serbia in germany in the 80s , and he says the same thing . 
  what are some of the best ? 
   ( although ofc it is silly to list every religion in a post like this ) i agree with you , might not have been very clear , my bad . 
  but oh so often those who condemn islam seem to condemn islam and seem to have no issue at all with scientology and other religions doing horrible things . 
  huh , name calling ? 
  and the day i see a neonazi or white supremacist support gay rights is the day that that argument will work . 
  ( never ) nighty night, 
  well put . 
  if your arguments could come out of a neonazi 's mouth you should rethink your position . 
  i 'm sorry , this feels like it could get long and it 's just too late to get into a long discussion about religion and xenophobia on the internet . 
  good night !, 
  oh of course no doubt . 
  but very often `` condemnation '' , as mentioned above , of * radical * and * fundamental * islam is spoken as condemnation of all muslims - the majority being good people . 
  i see your flair , so as example : `` americans are aggressive , war mongering , religious nuts '' is condemnation of all americans , even though the majority are good people . 
  `` some vocal parts of american society are war mongering church nuts '' is more acceptable criticism . 
   people seem to think it 's `` racist '' to criticize a religion ; it 's not . 
  it 's `` racist '' ( or whatever ) to condemn only one religion . 
  ( although ofc it is silly to list every religion in a post like this ) christianity , judaism , islam - all the same shit . 
  even buddhism gets very violent and repressive . 
  also , we all know that actual racists and neonazi 's always only focus their condemnation on islam , so i guess its a bit of unfair association as well if that 's what you 're doing . . 
  like i said we could argue all night , and it 's not that i do n't have any arguments , just not really feeling it today ( sorry ) . 
  personally i think no weapons should be exported anywhere , so saying `` none for sa '' is not a far leap at all . 
  hey that great news, 
  i do n't give a fuck if its stable or not . 
   by factions who believe the country 's current civil rights situation is n't quite hellholish enough yet . 
  i think its hellholish enough to warrant not sending them weapons . 
  by your phrasing you seem to at least agree that it is `` hellholish '' . 
  so i guess we could argue one way or another for a long time . . 
  but we keep shipping em over to saudi arabia and many other places . . 
  what would be done differently ? 
  although i mainly agree with you in this discussion , you have to admit 1.4 mil is impressive . 
  whens the last time that many people hit the street in protest ? 
  caring about refugees means ive been subjected to propaganda ? 
  you must be joking, 
  working age men cant be refugees and deserve less help ? 
  wtf, 
  many of them are refugees . 
  these people are fleeing war ffs, 
  you wouldnt take any refugees ? 
  wtf is wrong with you, 
  why ? 
  who do you think it was , speak clearly dont just hint it . 
  nothings up with maroccans, 
   cops ( or any trained shooters for that matter ) never aim for legs or arms , except german cops do apparently . 
  a few weeks back cops in duisburg shot a man - a police official was in the local news explaining how usually they would go for the legs , but it was n't possible in that situation,
