i did not know that . 
  thank you for pointing that out . 
  he 's still an astroturfer though , as many others have also pointed out . 
  anytime a thread about ttip appears , he 's there to spread his nonsense . 
  well , that settles that . 
  this part is actually true , though . 
  he may be an islamistic asshole , but the israeli government is n't exactly playing nice either . 
  of the swedish government ? 
  of the green party ( milj\u00f6partiet ) ? 
  mostly no , but they are so clueless that they wo n't actually fight against this kind of bullshit ( and might even accidentally encourage it ) . 
  they just do it for `` teh lulz '' , but i hope that their actions have shown the corporate world that anonymous voting can be easily manipulated/brigaded and should n't be trusted . 
  just re-read the two short sentences i just wrote . 
  this answers your question . 
  parties should not be in control of the state owned media at all . 
  it 's supposed to be independent . 
  the government the polish people chose was theirs to choose . 
  that government is however rather authoritarian . 
  they are ( among other things ) reforming the state owned media to become a propaganda machine for their policies . 
  the eu does not approve . 
  prostitution and trafficking still exists here ( sweden ) . 
  it 's just less visible than in other places . 
  i agree , but the opposition needed to run away in order to gather strength . 
  otherwise they would have just been slaughtered by the syrian government and isis . 
  i hope that they will get the chance to return to their homeland as an army that fights for democracy ( instead of staying here and causing trouble ) . 
  it worked for israel . 
  it can work for syria too . 
  i will never click an ad anyway , so it makes no difference . 
  this statement leaves them with only one counter-argument : that they want to subliminally brainwash me into liking things that i simply do n't like , and ad-blocker will not allow them to do that . 
  since that is a completely unethical thing to do , there is literally no reason to show me ads at all . 
  if they want to ban me for not being a consumerist retard , then their product probably does n't have any value anyway . 
   did n't yugoslavia work precisely because of the totalitarian government under tito ? 
  in my view , no . 
  much like with the soviet union , a collapse was inevitable . 
  yes , tito did create a system that relied very heavily on his personal leadership and could not survive without him . 
  but this is nothing new . 
  alexander the great , ghengis khan and adolf hitler had the very same idea , and their empires fell just as brutally and quickly as yugoslavia . 
  it was n't built to last . 
  if tito had created a decentralized , democratic yugoslavia from the beginning , then yugoslavia would still exist today . 
  but he did n't , so yugoslavia fell . 
  imprisoning people for doing drugs is like imprisoning people for being raped or for being murdered . 
  the drug addicts are the * victims * , not the criminals !, 
  sure , you * can * be a danger to society if you do drugs . 
  but you can be a danger to society if you have mental health issues too . 
  that does n't mean that making it illegal to have mental health issues helps in any way . 
  we 're only punishing people who already have a lot of problems . 
  yugoslavia failed because of forced integration and a totalitarian government . 
  nobody is forcing french people to move to poland or romanians to move to finland . 
  and the eu is a democracy . 
  despite what people seem to believe , the eu is not going to fall any time soon . 
  they did . 
  it did n't go too well for them . 
  fascinating !, 
   the vote is about a two-round system oops , i forgot that part . 
  my bad . 
   potentially ignores up to 49 % of voters actually , it can ignore even more people . 
  if the vote is split between e.g. 
  seven candidates , and they recieve the following amount of votes : a : 18 % b : 17 % c : 15 % d : 14 % e : 13 % f : 12 % g : 11 % ... then only 18 % of the people are represented . 
  and that entirely ignores the massive amount of tactical voting that usually takes place with fptp . 
  that is so abysmally bad that it ca n't even be called democratic at all . 
  a vote for first-past-the-post is a vote for the abolishment of democracy . 
  the even tougher problem is making sure that the government does n't meddle with the software on the server-side . 
  edit : / u/vv _ reddit gives a better explanation . 
  read his reply instead . 
  easy !, 
  each voter is given a unique voter id . 
  to log in to the voting website , the voter will first have to use their voter id and a randomly generated password that has been mailed ( or e-mailed ) to them . 
  when voting , they have to enter their voter id ( again ) and a password that they themselves will chose ( the password is * not * saved in any database , so they have to keep track of it themselves ) . 
  the combination of voter id and password will create a hashcode that is then used to identify your vote . 
  the hashcode ca n't be traced back to you without the voter id and password ( the government only knows your voter id ) . 
  the fact that you voted will be registered , but your hashcode and your voter id will never be linked together in any database . 
  a list of all voter hashcodes that voted ( and how they voted ) in a district is then published for everyone to see and verify . 
  the downside to this system is that you have to trust that your government does n't save information about how you voted and that it did n't rig the system . 
  this could be slightly mitigated by making sure that the software is open source and that anyone can download and compile the voting software themselves . 
  it still would n't tell you anything about the server-side , though . 
   majoritarian electoral system with an absolute majority in two rounds that sounds an awful lot like first-past-the-post , aka the worst voting system in the history of mankind . 
  i sincerely hope that bulgaria is not going to go from proportional representation to non-proportional representation . 
   those are all positive aspects . 
  and i am not talking about that . 
  i am talking about open meddling in internal affairs , supporting leaders that do whatever eu wants ( well actually germany and uk ) on external side , while behaving despotic on the internal side of things ( applies to a lot of countries in and outside of eu ) meddling and putting pressure on serbia on it 's foreign policy : relations and sanctions toward russia , stopping south stream , while building nord stream 2 , migrant crysis issue etc. 
  those are all things that fly in the face of any idea of democracy , honesty or equal economic prosperity for all . 
  all the things that you mentioned ( democratic principles , rule of law , responsible finances ) were n't fulfilled by romania , bulgaria , croatia and probably some others too , yet they were let in . 
  well , when you put it that way i see your point . 
  i guess it 's easy to like and approve of an empire when you are a part of it . 
  which , i suppose , is the reason why serbia still wants to be a part of the eu . 
  it 's better to be a part of the beast than to fight the beast . 
  i hope you are right , and that serbia will become a member-state in a few years . 
  it would be good for both serbia and the rest of the eu . 
  the eu is n't exactly blackmailing serbia , though it certainly is n't being soft on serbia either . 
  in order to join , you have to adhere to the basic standards of the eu . 
  democratic principles , rule of law , responsible finances , etc. 
  however , in my view there is only one major thing that * actually * stands between serbia and eu membership : kosovo . 
  i actually believe that kosovo is righteously serbian territory , but the eu disagrees . 
  if serbia recognizes kosovo as a sovereign nation , then the eu membership will be quick to follow . 
  but that 's not going to happen , and serbia will not be a member state any time soon . 
  if you had bothered to read the pdf , you would see that sweden is pretty far up as well . 
  we have , however , focused more on helping immigrants * within * our borders rather than in syria ( though i personally feel that it 's better to send help than to take in more refugees ) . 
  but that might change , since we closed our borders . 
  i usually do it on my phone with a simple text message . 
  all i have to do is confirm that the calculations are correct . 
  kaliningrad is only ~ 300 km away from gotland ( sweden 's largest island ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad,
