why do you think the brits and irish drink so much tea ? 
  we have n't seen the sun for years . 
  let 's all calm down now . 
  let 's all go down to the pub , and forget all about our addictions . 
  finland , please sit down . 
  you 're in a safe place , and everybody here loves you . 
  finland , you have an addiction . 
  i shall do , thank you !, 
  beautiful !, 
  i 'm planning a day trip to ljubljana tomorrow from zagreb . 
  this has just made me even more excited !, 
  check out the comments on this article . 
  there are lots of very pro-russian , anti-europe commentators , with many upvotes . 
  i think it may be similar what we 've seen happening on german and finnish news websites . 
  the comments on the article make me sad . 
  i 'm trying to think of anything interesting that happened , and all i can think is that we enjoyed bonfire/guy fawkes night . 
  that 's the night where we all gather round in parks and gardens and remember the time a catholic called guy fawkes tried to blow up the houses of parliament . 
  we do this by setting fire to things and setting off fireworks . 
  the meaning is lost on most people , but it was originally an anti-catholic event , aimed at stirring up resentment against those who opposed the protestant monarchy and government . 
  i read the daily mash , mainly because i like me satire like a like my women : black and bitter . 
  [ the daily mash ] ( http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/ ) is , in my opinion , the uk 's best satire website . 
  noteable headlines include : * cameron announces # 10 billion of legacy f * ck-ups * clegg fires 2015 election pledges into the sun * lou reed moves into sleazy downtown area of heaven, 
  it 's fucking massive . 
  i think you 've just summed up the general british understanding of the glorious revolution ... `` something , something , james the 2nd was too catholic , something something , yay protestants ! '', 
  whenever i cook a big bit of pork , i 'll make sure i salt the rinds at a certain time so that they get extra crispy ... dear god this entire thread is making me hungry . 
  this looks amazingly tasty !, 
  also , very much resemblant of a british sunday roast . 
  i think gchq has been shown to be taking money from the nsa , like a spy prostitute . 
  apart from that , i 'm not sure . 
  there 's been some really good cricket on , so i have n't been paying much attention . 
  i dolphink that was what he meant . 
  to purpose , obviously . 
  putin looks fucking terrifying . 
  if you pick a country you wish to move to , that would help narrow down your options . 
  if your only language is english , best to look into the uk , ireland , or perhaps a scandinavian country . 
  check out the subreddit of your chosen for more information , as details change from country to country . 
  for example , i know the [ uk ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/nci9p/information_immigration_to_the_united_kingdom/ ) has some information about moving and working there . 
  good luck !, 
  this article in the guardian gives a semi-decent explaination http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2013/jun/04/uk-shadow-economy in short , it 's paid work undeclared to the government i.e. 
  not taxed . 
  excellent . 
  our mission to open a tea shop in space is one step closer . 
  i might be being dense here , but what exactly is a shadow economy , and how is it measured ? 
  formed during the ice age , as the scandinavian glaciers produced so much sand and rock that they produced denmark . 
  also , one of the few countries that can out drink britain . 
  standard . 
  remember that time when british politicians gave us clear definitions of how the eu affects our lives and the workings of international trade and diplomacy instead of using it as a convenient political tool ? 
  this is just part of a long list of things the current conservative government are trying to , or already have , privatised . 
  these include the coastal rescue , postal service and chunks of the nhs . 
  it disgusts me that they consider such things are completely reasonable to sell off . 
  it seems to be the mind set of cutting expenditure at any cost , regardless of whether the government is , in my opinion , duty bound to provide these services regardless of the cost . 
  sickens me to my core . 
  as a brit , i am getting bored to tears of the eu debate . 
  from the amount of news coverage and political hysteria , you would think that our membership to the eu is the sole reason the uk economy is stagnating or that living standards are going down , rather than the multitude of other factors completely unrelated to the eu . 
  but people blame what they want to blame , which is usually immigrants . 
  i 'll second this . 
  every time i hear the cry of requiring a standing militia , i honestly ca n't understand why that 's so necessary in the 21st century . 
  as an englishman , i promise we are n't going to re-invade as soon as you declare independence and the viking are n't going to have another pop at us for a while yet i think . 
  do n't you know everyone and their mums are packing round here ? 
  people like farmers . 
  and farmer 's mums . 
  you had me at swimming elk . 
  we in the uk had some local elections which showed the right wing conservative voters have split , with many now voting for the anti-eu/further-right-wing party ukip . 
  this shift to the right is seen by many to be show the worry of people in the uk that we 're losing independence to the eu etc. 
  i mainly see it as reactionary morons shifting further to the right after reading the daily mail and the sun too much . 
  paradoxically , this shift to the right in the country may mean that we get the left wing labour party in next term , as the right wing vote splits leaving labour with the overall majority . 
  politics is funny . 
  also , found it odd to see a royal family in the news that was n't british !, 
  i know that 's true , but what i wrote was simply what i heard in my head in silly voices . 
  you make an important point though . 
  `` we must show this edl that islam is not to be hated , feared or persecuted due to a tiny minority , for we are the religion of peace . 
  any ideas ? '', 
  `` blow them up ? '', 
  `` genius ! '', 
  i 'm personally in favour of a british republic or commonwealth , as i do n't like being someone 's subject and having herditary anything within a governing body on principle . 
  much rather have president we can vote out . 
  however , like most british people , i do n't really give a fuck on a day to day basis . 
  it is rather odd that if you look at the constitutions of our respective countries , you would expect the uk , with it 's religious head of state and bishops sitting in the house of lords , to be the more dominated by religion within it 's government compared to the usa , with it 's written in laws preventing religious prevelance . 
  however , the opposite seems to be true . 
  god is rarely evoked in our parliment , and generally shied away from . 
  american politicians ca n't realistically gain high office without having to openly profess christian devotion . 
  that 's basically true . 
  it 'd be more trouble to remove them than it 's worth at the moment . 
  they do nothing but smile and wave and fart tabloid headlines . 
  i still do n't like that we they exist , but i 'm not bothered enough to start a civil war about it . 
  if they do n't go to parliament every day dressed in full pirate gear , i will be disappointed . 
  there is this fear within some parts of the uk , eagerly fueled by the right wing press and political parties , that as soon as bulgarian and romanian people are able to move and work permanantly in the uk everything is suddenly going to stolen or set on fire by immigrants . 
  it worries me how racist and fearmongering it 's all becoming . 
  all the romanians i 've ever met have been awesome and let me drink their plum firewater . 
  fuelled by the government encouraging people to take out massive mortgages while only needing a 5 % deposit , while doing nothing to increase the actual supply of housing . 
  but i 'm sure everything will be fine . 
  just fine . 
  denmark looks like the world 's most brutal buttplug . 
  overall , a glorious victory worthy of the ages . 
  give that russian a glass of water , she 's going to get dehydrated from all that crying . 
  and in terms of quality , my mate dave has a black metal band . 
  they 're shit , but they 're drunk . 
  i think it 's crazy enough to work . 
  we 'll just emulate this magnificent video https://38.media.tumblr.com/41eb875cb09770e71d2cbcf77a2175da/tumblr_mz5u6v9ibz1shunyao1_400.gif, 
  the only way the uk is ever going to win is if we send some ridiculous black metal band from stockport , and we get 12 points from all the scandinavian countries .
