go citizen, 
  `` leftists '' !, 
  ffs, 
  seems unlikely . 
  looking at 10/15 year process of rebuilding . 
  no doubt they should have featured strongly in the remain campaign . 
  the eu will want a price to be paid for brexit . 
  that 's just a political necessity to manage centrifugal forces . 
  but they do n't want a collapse . 
  yeah . 
  you have to register to read it a second time . 
  if i 'd known that i would never have posted it . 
  thanks for your analysis , it 's very interesting . 
  the article bullet points state : `` the vote also obliges france to negotiate a new role in the eu , in which it is a key player . '', 
  but that point is not really substantiated in the article . 
  it does go on to state , however , that :  france wants to reassert itself as a leading force within the reconfigured eu , but its fragile economy and its difficulties in adhering to eu budget rules place it in a weaker position than germany . 
  france 's expansionary and protectionist visions of europe are therefore unlikely to prevail . 
  france does now have the upper hand in defence negotiations , however , as a nuclear power and the eu 's only remaining standing member of the un security council . 
  well , let 's not wish for it , perhaps ? 
  true , but also of a bell-weather of real problems of how mass migration is managed in a period of cuts in public spending , liberal labour market policies , and economic downturn . 
  your hopes could be realised only if the uk absolutely imploded . 
  short of that ( and who wants that ? 
  ) , i do n't think it will be politically saleable . 
  best to make the best of the current shit situation . 
  in this context , [ bernard jenkin 's proposal ] ( https://www.civilserviceworld.com/articles/opinion/bernard-jenkin-using-article-50-quit-eu-risks-making-mockery-britains-decision ) makes more sense : to leave the eu unilaterally at a moment of the uk 's choosing by repealing the 1972 european communities act . 
  thereafter , notification under article 50 would be a secondary matter . 
  yeah . 
  there 's no evidence of significant voter regret from either side . 
  if true , this is shit news for everyone . 
  a significant minority of people who supported leave apparently believed they were voting to kick migrants out . 
  what predictions do you consider weird ? 
  largely true that . 
   [ nz ] trade minister rejects reports top negotiators on offer for post-brexit deals [ nzherald ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&amp;objectid=11665945 ), 
  while the uk has certainly been obstructive towards certain eu policy directions ( for expansion and against deeper integration , etc. 
  ) , i ca n't agree with this analysis . 
  the loss of the uk , while largely self-inflicted by that country 's elites , is very significant and unfortunate for the eu ; it is the fifth largest economy in the world , it has the strongest military force in the eu , and the only other eu member with a permanent seat on the un security council is france . 
  moreover , an [ analysis ] ( http://ukandeu.ac.uk/explainers/is-the-uk-marginalised-in-the-eu-2/ ) of the voting patterns within the eu shows that the uk , historically , was not marginalised in eu decision making . 
  between 1996 and 2008 :  ... out of 29 eu actors ( 27 member states plus the commission and the parliament ) , the uk was on average the fourth closest actor to final policy outcomes . 
  furthermore , the uk has tended to be much closer to policy outcomes than any other large eu member state . 
  also , perhaps surprisingly for some british commentators , france and the eu commission are towards the bottom of the figure -- having to accept policy outcomes that are considerably different from their policy preferences . 
  looking at an [ analysis ] ( http://ukandeu.ac.uk/explainers/does-the-uk-win-or-lose-in-the-council-of-ministers/ ) of voting in the eu council of ministers , it is evident that there were significant changes since 2009/10  first , there was a big increase in the level of conflict in the council between 2004-09 and 2009-15 , with many more governments voting no or abstaining in the latter period than in the former period . 
   second , the uk government was on the losing side a far higher proportion of times than any other eu government in the 2009-15 period : jumping from being on the minority ( losing ) side only 2.6 % of the time in 2004-09 to being on the minority ( losing ) side 12.3 % of the time in the 2009-15 period . 
  also , the next most frequent `` losing '' governments , germany and austria , were only on the minority side 5.4 % of the time in this period . 
   one thing to note , though , is the very high level of agreement in the council in both periods . 
  put the other way round , the uk voted on the winning side 97.4 % of the time in 2004-09 period and 86.7 % of the time in the 2009-15 period . 
  also of interest are those countries which allied with the uk in the eu from 2009-15 . 
   digging a bit further into the 2009-15 data , we can look at which other governments most frequently voted with the uk . 
  this is shown in figure 2 . 
  the uk 's main allies in this period were some of our northern european neighbours -- sweden , the netherlands , and denmark -- while the german government was least likely to vote the same way as the uk . 
  in fact , the uk and german governments voted on opposite sides 16 % of the time . 
  in other words , the two governments who were most likely to vote against the majority ( the uk and germany ) were invariably in opposition on different votes . 
  meanwhile , perhaps surprisingly , in this period the uk government voted more frequently with the french government than the irish government . 
  yes . 
  it is self-harm , but not quite unique to england & wales ; while contexts differ in other jurisdictions there is a certainly a european problem with rising nationalism , inequality , areas of or social fractions in permanent recession , etc. 
  i think there 's a significant chance , unfortunately , that the uk wo n't be able to agree to all conditions of the eea due to reservations about the free movement of people . 
  not sure i 'd quite agree with all of his analysis but this is an extraordinary crisis which political elites have seemingly sleepwalked right into . 
  saw corbyn in parliament today - i 've sympathy for his position , but he looked a shell of a man . 
  labour plp , membership and unions need to get their shit together asap . 
  ok , thanks for the explanation . 
  that makes sense . 
  yes . 
  we need the uk to get as good a deal as possible . 
  if they fail to achieve eea - due to opposition to the free movement of people - then it will be very difficult . 
  a [ nov. 2015 poll ] ( http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/tv/nolanshow/survey_still_pdf.pdf ) found that 66 % of the roi wanted a united ireland * in their lifetime * but only 36 % wanted it in the short-to-medium term . 
  30 % of the ni respondents wanted a united ireland * in their lifetime * ( catholics 57 % ; protestants 12 % ) , while only 13 % wanted it in the short-to-medium term ( catholics 27 % ; protestants 3 % ) . 
  granted , brexit may have impacted on these figures as may a significant decline in the economy of the uk ( which would also adversely impact on the roi ) but i do n't think there 's anywhere near sufficient all-ireland support for the proposition of unification currently . 
  it 's a distraction at the present time . 
  rajoy just killed that option . 
  it 'll be independence and then eu entry . 
   the uk will ultimately be forced to choose between a `` norway '' option ( accepting free movement of labour , eu regulations and budget contributions in return for full access to the single market ) or an arrangement which has significantly less market access . 
  at this point in time , the latter appears more likely . 
  this means that access to the service sector ( in particular ) in the eu will likely be curtailed , along with some constraints on trade in goods . 
   we expect there to be clear evidence of multinational operations shifting the location of their activity out of the uk given the regulatory uncertainties . 
  financial services are among the sectors that will be most exposed to this process . 
   intersecting the uk 's eu exit process is likely to be pressure to hold a new referendum on scottish independence , which we expect will ultimately generate a vote shortly before the uk leaves the eu in 2019 . 
  our base case is that scotland will vote for independence and institute a new currency at that point . 
   it is likely the uk will have to renegotiate the terms of its wto membership, 
   is there another way to leave ? 
  not really . 
  as argued [ elsewhere ] ( https://www.civilserviceworld.com/articles/opinion/bernard-jenkin-using-article-50-quit-eu-risks-making-mockery-britains-decision ) and it 's not a very good option but they could :  ... repeal the 1972 european communities act ( eca ) ; and to carry over the entire body of eu law in the uk statute , to provide for continuity . 
  making notification under article 50 a secondary element of withdrawal . 
  `` i want to be very clear ... scotland does not have the competence to negotiate with the european union . 
  spain opposes any negotiation by anyone other than the government of united kingdom , '' spanish prime minister mariano rajoy told a news conference following a summit of european leaders in brussels . 
  `` i am extremely against it , the treaties are extremely against it and i believe everyone is extremely against it . 
  if the united kingdom leaves ... scotland leaves , '' he also said . 
  [ reuters ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-scotland-spain-iduskcn0zf1fa ), 
  they probably wo n't leave the single market , but it 's going to be a hard sell considering the cost of maintaining access . 
  these issues have to tackled . 
  there is a danger of unravelling as we 've seen with the fiscal and immigration crises and the general rejection of burden-sharing across the eu . 
  the uk has the second biggest economy and largest military in the eu . 
  it 's also one of the major centres for ingoing and outgoing fdi in the eu . 
  despite the problems of the uk 's in-out eu membership , it is a huge economic , strategic and political loss . 
  they might if the economic and political arguments were strong enough . 
  yes . 
  it will be very hard to maintain a border if the uk do n't achieve some kind of eea access agreement like norway . 
  if they do n't it will be a real problem . 
  an alternative in that case might be that the cta will be maintained on all ireland basis but that travel from ni or roi will be subject to controls . 
  regarding the eu , we 're one of the uk 's few friends in europe at the moment and i 'm sure we 'll be arguing hard for the uk to remain as fully integrated into the eu as possible given their withdrawal . 
  whether that is possible will depend on the uk 's position on the free movement of people . 
  we have to argue for maximum uk integration with europe while also recognising that our principal interests lie with the eu rather than the uk now .
