an albanian village making 4,5 billion ( let 's say ) euros a year out of a leafcrop ? 
  sure . 
  yeah i agree , really impressive . 
  i wonder if it 's the world 's tallest hospital as well ? 
  edit - just checked , it 's seventh . 
  when the world knows the people are starving this sort of spectacle is n't impressive . 
  new zealandish australian welsh . 
  wtf . 
  gorgeous man but unfortunately not the best song . 
  still , i 'm somewhat glad for the girl . 
  bella italia !, 
  thank you . 
  fuckin hell , that was embarassing . 
  apologies, 
  what the hell ... three nations in a row giving us points . 
  thank you hungary . 
  estonia , thank you . 
  to be fair , azer is alot further away . 
  norway , you lot are alright :p, 
  germany , bloc voting ? 
  surely not ... :p, 
  alright sweden , you 'll pass :p, 
  nah , the song was n't good is all . 
  altho the parisians might be considered to be a bit up themselves by and large you lot are beautiful people living in a beautiful land . 
  iceland : you do n't have a horrible taste . 
  uk : thank you :p edit - latvia too . 
  russia : how do you spell `` bloc voting '' ? 
  love it , finnish commentators moaning about bloc voting . 
  personally , thank you danes . 
  exactly , poor form . 
  there was about 10 good songs altogether and i really like pink 's voice . 
  cmon , it 's not bad . 
  wow , is that actually lordi or actors ? 
  dang it ... had to made a judgement call . 
  voted for germany . 
  that song just gets better . 
  you can but your vote counts for less . 
  til there 's a youth eurovision & this kid 's got pipes !, 
  as per usual, 
  lol, 
  the allusion being that there 's a `` more '' legitimate song contest in eu ? 
  fairly . 
  no regrets . 
  best slong song ? 
  azer maybe ? 
  best up-tempo ? 
  iceland or germany ? 
  yep :( ( well done ), 
  norton , you dirty fox . 
  not bad . 
  lovely voice . 
  unfortunately not a `` eurovision '' type of song altho the lyrics are bit on the camp-ish . 
  proper song otherwise . 
  doubledeckers ... this must be luxembourg . 
  the butthurt :p, 
  not necessary very `` dutch '' this song is it ? 
  wow , this danish one is n't bad if a bit sugary . 
  nice upbeat feel-good kind of song . 
  edit - ugh . . the chorus gets to be a bit annoying . 
  i do n't watch finnish tv enough to anwer this properly i 'm afraid and in anycase the list would be a bit longish i think . 
  we do n't have english talk-shows or panel shows here on tv . 
  personally i do know who wogan and norton are . 
  spain celine dion-ing this . 
  the camp is strong . 
  i 've no clue who the 2 people are . 
  so i suppose that answer the question to a certain degree . 
  they are not complete `` nobodies '' i 'm sure but idk who they are . 
  first time i hear our song , i see the resemblance with the killers someone made earlier today . 
  not horrible but a bit meh . 
  fuck ... they should . 
  dunno , ours are very polite . 
  you lot sing last . 
  you did miss a few good ones tho . 
  alright italy , did n't expect this . 
  very good . 
  very eurovision-esque song this russian one . 
  not bad . 
  on a different note , the stage design is very good looking . 
  good on ya danes . 
  she sounds like pink but that 's not a bad thing . 
  my favorite so far . 
  unfortunately i concur . 
  best person , awful song . 
  is it actually an bond song ? 
  cos it sounds exactly like a roger moore-era bond song . 
  ricky martin ? 
  is it 2001 again ? 
  hard to dislike this polish offering . 
  blatant as fuck but i ca n't deny i like it . 
  chorus melody is n't good tho . 
  at least you 're not alone , i hear . 
  no kidding . 
  most boring one so far , tho that keyboard was rad as fuck . 
  it ca n't be functional , it would be too amazing if it were . 
  good song this `` no prejudice '' , shame it wo n't do extremely well in this arena i 'm afraid . 
  fair point . 
  are we and iceland the only nations who brought whole bands ? 
  the finest song contest in the whole of `` europe '' , discuss !, 
  you spelled `` universe '' wrong , but in anycase ; ca n't wait . 
  gon get drunk an watch us get fucked .
