montana , colorado or similar states of the mountain west . 
  utah is obviously it 's own special creature , but holy hell is it gorgeous and salt lake city and it 's environs are as liberal as any of the cities in the region . 
  slc is also one of the few job centers outside of colorado for it people . 
  a `` punchable face '' is a well work phrase for english speakers . 
  german sort of cheats this list because it just crushes phrases into compound words that would be considered ungainly and unnatural for english . 
  robert conquest . 
  that 's an impossible standard to meet . 
  simply returning the results in order of how quickly google 's servers were able to access the data would be `` indexing '' as would returning results alphabetically by the locations home url . 
  some amount of indexing is always going to be assumed . 
  similar arguments are made in the united states when it comes to how newspapers and media agencies choose which stories and artciles to highlight and which ones they choose to ignore . 
  it 's of course a european court making this ruling but a fair amount of the indexing done by google comes at the request of european government who want their version of google to behave to local law ( filtering of hate speech , etc. 
   bomb them , kill them all , declare victory and leave , the murican way . 
  god if only that 's what we did , instead of sticking around for a decade trying to turn backwater nations into jeffersonian democracies . 
  e : or you know , not actually bombing them in the first place . 
  have you considered a run for governor of arizona ? 
   the us requires voters to register simply because it 's way way cheaper to have people update the database themselves rather have the government update it . 
  we register voters because of the selective service ( draft ) . 
  in theory , yes . 
  but it 's also unlikely to happen on a large enough scale to really swing an election . 
  some states ( like my own , california ) have open primaries where you can even vote for primary candidates outside of your party . 
   on april 29 , 2014 , byron david smith was found guilty on two counts of first-degree murder with premeditation and on two counts of second-degree murder after three hours of jury deliberations . 
  he was immediately sentenced to life in prison without parole . 
  look at that jury of his peers , ordinary americans , backing the `` gun culture '' of america by freeing him of all cha . . oh wait , that did n't happen . 
  a monster who executed two people was convicted after three hours of deliberation and sentanced to life ( 40 years ) without parole . 
  what a broken system !, 
   if you `` know a guy who knows a guy '' , you can get a full auto rifle or handgun fairly easily . 
  you mean prohibition does n't actually stop people from aquiring goods or services they deem valuable and turns ordinary people into criminals ? 
   half of us oppose this shit . 
  we do n't consider gun ownership to be some inarguable right , and we never have there 's a strongly worded document that says otherwise . 
   never mind the pollution and environmental damage tar sands cause , it 's ethical !, 
  because the arabs do n't tear up the enviroment to provide you with , among other things , the electricity needed to connect to reddit and shit on your countrymen who do a far , far better job of limiting the kind of enviromental damage that is an inherient cost to the way we live our modern lives . 
  belgium and spain runners up . 
  they are also industries that wont be eaten up by computers and machines in the upcoming decades . 
  i 'll grant you that third location looks pretty run down but i live in housing similar to those first two locations . 
  one of my neighbors ( who 's house is in worse shape than the one i rent ) owns avocado fields and is * loaded * . 
  another is a jeweler who works in the city and is also well-off ( his has is also much nicer ) . 
  it 's not manhattan , i guess , but who the fuck wants to pay half a million dollars for a shoe box apartement . 
  the trade off of living in a nice suburban home with a small yard or a less-nice house with land and space seems pretty fair . 
  it would be stupid to not have one . 
  democracries move people in and out , both elected and appointed , of positions on a constant basis . 
  having an objective understanding of promiment leaders of other nations is simply required for any government to function . 
  davis-moanthan is basically a giant warehouse for aircraft and aircraft that are being canabalized for parts . 
  it 's also where the us agreed it would dismantle strategic bombers for the salt treaties ( which is why the sattelite fidelity is so good for an air base ) . 
  a better comparision would be [ spangdahlem ab ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/gdjvr ) . 
  people who do n't give a fuck ? 
  `` would like to participate in a survey '' `` sure , whatever . '', 
  `` okay , where is ukraine is on this map ? '', 
  * points to georgia * `` there , whatever '' `` okay , thank you for your response . '', 
  remember that most of those bases have been in germany for decades , and many of the servicemen assigned to them now live in the neighboring communities . 
  and it also now doubt took years for political and logistical issues to be ironed out between the bases and their outlying communities that rural poles would now find themselves stuck in . 
  a better solution would be to call up a national guard expedition and have them base out of poland for a few months . 
  it would still be a mess , but a temporary one , and the poles could than decide wether they or not they really want a teaming horde of americans ( most in their youth ) wandering around their hinterlands . 
  it would make the point clear that nato is n't going to abandon it 's eastern members without tearing up a lot of already settled infrastructure . 
   ftr , i opposed the sentence , which i found to be very excessive , but i 'm not going to let bs about the legal basis for it stand either . 
  eugene volokh , a popular legal blogger over here , [ more or less agreed ] ( http://www.volokh.com/2012/08/17/two-year-sentences-for-punk-rockers-unauthorized-anti-putin-performance-in-russian-cathedral/ ) with your assessment of the case . 
  they were clearly trespassing in a space that , while open to the public , is meant for quiet contemplation . 
  they probably should have been fined and given probation . 
  the two years of jail is what seemed crazy . 
   and handguns with magazines which hold six or fewer rounds ( although in my experience , it 's pretty easy to get a waiver to this clause , giving unrestricted handgun access ) . 
  interesting . 
  the six round magazing limit enacted in new york , in the wake of sandy hook , was thrown out because it was found that six round or lower magazines placed an undue burden on the consumer because essentially no manafacture made them that way . 
  that 's a good start , but instead find some delicacy that the french care deeply about , and film yourself chanting la marseillaise while you slather the whole thing in ketchup . 
  you 'll have the french army on your doorstep in hours . 
   i 've always wondered why the us and russia ( and i suppose britain and france to some extent ) stockpiled so many nukes during the cold war . 
  if shit went down , surely 10-20 nuclear bombs for each side is enough to effectively ruin the planet . 
  20000 is just massively excessive . 
  `` the doctrine of mutual assured destruction ( mad ) assumes that each side has enough nuclear weaponry to destroy the other side ; and that either side , if attacked for any reason by the other , would retaliate without fail with equal or greater force . 
  the expected result is an immediate irreversible escalation of hostilities resulting in both combatants ' mutual , total and assured destruction . 
  the doctrine further assumes that neither side will dare to launch a first strike because the other side will launch on warning ( also called fail-deadly ) or with secondary forces ( a second strike ) , resulting in unacceptable losses for both parties . 
  the payoff of the mad doctrine is expected to be a tense but stable global peace . '', 
  mad only works if you have enough weapons to make sure that you can survive a first strike capability , and still have enough capacity to ensure the other sides complete annihilation . 
  in practice it ends up being a balancing act of one side building a given number of weapons , and the otherside than building another batch to keep pace . 
  nobody really `` needed '' that many weapons , they needed just enough to make sure the other guy could n't wipe you out in one shot and than you need a few more missiles for leverage . 
  the salt treaties were both sides coming together and recongizing that this situation was getting a little crazy , while still very much wanting to maintain the shaky but stable peace . 
  china and russia have been antagonists much more than allies . 
  while latetely their has been some warming of their relationship , china still scares the shit out of russia since there would be litterally nothing russia could do to stop a conventional chinese conquest of siberia . 
  china could even play russia 's favorite game of creating a rump state or several states out of the various oft-ignored racial groups that live in siberia . 
  from an old [ article ] ( https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130417/16253022748/oh-look-rep-mike-rogers-wife-stands-to-benefit-greatly-cispa-passing.shtml ) about rogers when he was deploying the full court press on cispa : `` so it seems rather interesting to note that rogers ' wife , kristi clemens rogers , was , until recently , the president and ceo of aegis llc a `` security '' defense contractor company , whom she helped to secure a $ 10 billion ( with a b ) contract with the state department . 
  the company describes itself as `` a leading private security company , provides government and corporate clients with a full spectrum of intelligence-led , culturally-sensitive security solutions to operational and development challenges around the world . '' '', 
  in other words the guy is both elected by and has been made wealthy by the security contractors that stand to lose billions of dollars if snowden 's revelations actually result in the curtailing of domestic and international spying . 
  the first time i visisted my british relatives they decided that the first sight i should see in britian , or indeed all of europe , was a beach . 
  while i 'm pretty sure this was some of that famous dry british humor it was quite a beautiful locale . 
  having nothing of substance to add , i will simply say that shetland sheepdogs are awesome . 
  * [ turns around from work desk and admires piles of seimens medical equipment ] * seimens already has been a large foot print in the us , not shocking that there is n't a huge backlash against them . 
  if it had been some unknown foreign company than their might have been some oopmh behind cat 's whining . 
   i think i read russia wants to transition to the fully professional model too ? 
  they 've been trying to for years . 
  the transition from an officer-heavy to an nco-heavy military has been particullary brutal on morale . 
  russia has been putting a lot of it 's military spending into upgrading barracks , facilities and general kit for their soldiers . 
  they 're still leagues behind the west ( which says a lot about how bad it was before . . ), 
  this will never happen . 
  any politician who has their name attached to any such law would be drawn and quartered in front of the capitol . 
  there 's even an argument that any such law would be unconstitutional, 
   you would n't move a carrier into the baltic until the entire area was sanitized . 
  moving it in early is just feeding it to the russian shore based missiles . 
  good point . 
  also , interesting to consider the future of kaliningrad if russia were to attack nato , especially through the baltics . 
  and you underestimate how difficult it is to take a city determined to put up a fight . 
  i operate under no dellusion that any of the baltic countries would fall within a day , but just look at syria at how difficult it can be to pacify a city willing to resist . 
  the estonians have some right to be concerned .
