  any attack from russia would be swift and decisivie . 
  while many of the historic faults of the russian military still hold true , there simply is n't enough territory for the estonians to surrender to allow the russian army to begin tripping over itself . 
  the best case hope for an invasion from russia would be a drawn out battle for tallinn that galvanizes international support for a counterattack . 
  the problem for nato is that by the time they could muster a credible defense of estonia , the country will likely have already fallen . 
  additionally , the most credible force to relieve a beseiged tallinn is the american forces stationed in germany . 
  this is important because any attack on estonia would have to be treated as a precursor raid on poland , and allowing a russian attack to draw those german-deployed forces would be the height of stupidity . 
  most likely the best course of action would be sail an american carrier group into the baltic and begin raiding russian forces and shipping wherever they could be found . 
  likewise russian shipping could be harrased in the pacific . 
  it 's impossible to guage where the battles would go from there . 
  the idea of american marines staging an amphibious assault on tallinn is an idea out of a clancy novel , but such seem to be the times we live in . 
  i still think that nato would mobilize for estonia , or else the alliance is so discredited that it ceases to exist . 
  additionally , it would be a death blow for the american president and his party . 
  americans love underdogs , especially if they can put up a scrappy fight . 
  fish tacos ; first friday of lent !, 
   they are sending kids to prison for posting stupid shit on twitter for crying out loud . 
  the only story i can find about an american sent to prison over tweets is an alabama man who was imprisoned for making death threats against obama on twitter . 
  while i still think that 's a stupid reason to imprison someone , it 's a long standing felony to make threats against the president 's life . 
  ( unless against it was against bush in which case half of california would be in jail ) . 
  perhaps you 're talking about justin carter , who was in jail for months because of an off-hand comment regarding league of legends about how he was going to `` shoot up a kindergarten . '' ? 
  he was in jail because his family was unable to post bond ; when he became a national story an anonymous source paid the bond almost immediatly and he is still waiting his trial . 
  an extrodinarily stupid case that only came about because a canadian on carter 's facebook saw the comments and reported it to carter 's local police in the wake of the sandy hook shooting . 
   they still mine asbestos and have their foreign department ( embassies/consulates ) promote its safety in developing countries . 
  they had an `` asbestos fest '' in indonesia a few years ago and a reporter got a hold of the informational materials there . 
  it promoted the safety `` if handled properly . '', 
  this is the quebicois ' and is a source of constant embarasement for canadians . 
  also hauling crap out of the earth is always messy . 
  canada and australia do a much more reasonable job of it than china . 
   ironic , is n't it , as pasteur was french ? 
  umm , no ? 
  i know we sometimes like to make fun of you french because you 're french , but america is pretty gay for france . 
  i mean it started with this dude , right ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_war russia actually owned the crimea during the formation of the ussr . 
  it was handed over to the ukraine control during the 50s because the two regions blend into one another . 
  that they lost the crimea after the fall has been a sore point for russian nationalist pride ever since . 
  the other issue is that the crimea is a strategic asset because of portage . 
  it is currently home of the russian black sea fleet . 
  this is critical for russia because they have no natural warm-water ports that access the mediteranian on their southern borders , so they 've had to rely on foreign ports to host those fleets . 
  their other fleet base is in syria . 
  losing both of their warm-water southern ports would have been catastophic to russia 's strategic goals and would have been a cripling blow to putin 's power base . 
  nato 's promise to the baltic states was always one of deterrence and failing that a swift counter-attack . 
  polish-americans were/are a part of the catholic voting bloc which was once reliably democratic . 
  when the democrats went full in on abortion they split the catholic vote in half ; this also coincideded with the loss of power of the traditional social conservative republic voting block ( that was mostly baptists and evangical protestants ) . 
  as a result , most of the german , polish and other european decended catholics fell out of political discussion and are now just counted as boring old white people . 
  the poles themselves were never particullary large but seen as a bellweather for the rest of the catholic voting bloc , which was large enough that tracking it accurately was difficult ( this was especially true because this was long enough ago that computers were n't being used to crunch political activity ) . 
  this is why the chicago area polish-americans received so much attention , because they could be seen as leading a large coalition of voters , they were often cruitical in democractic primaries . 
  oh come on , sochi did n't go * that * badly . 
  very similar to what is happening in africa . 
  most of the countries there never even installed traditional land-line telephones because cellular networks were already so cheap to build and the demand was much higher . 
  nato policy : democracy in , communism out , germany down . 
  eu policy : ~ things ~ when denmark joined nato it was for clear reasons , to deal with the rising threat of the soviets , and to prevent a repeat of the world wars by supressing germany nationalism . 
  both of which were , at the time , very clear and present threats for a country that was militarily quite weak . 
  by the time the eu was talking about actual security araignments denmark had a capable military of it 's own , plus the backing of the other ( and now equally capable ) scandanavian countries . 
  oh , and it still had the united states and the united kingdom on the batphone in case shit got real bad . 
  it did n't really need the eu security guarantes and besides political reasons , still does n't . 
  and as libya showed , denmark is perfectly capable of contributing to a pan-european sercurity action without binding agreements . 
  maybe my perspective is warped because my mother has an art degree and worked in gallieres but is [ a sunday afternoon on the island of la grande jatte ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_sunday_afternoon_on_the_island_of_la_grande_jatte ) not a well known piece in france ? 
  nighthawks is incredible . 
  seeing the original ( and american gothic for that matter ) at the art insitute of chicago was a real treat . 
  my only addition would be [ the problem we all live with ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_problem_we_all_live_with ), 
  if they were using the eu funds it would be tallied around as the savior of the isles when it 's entirely logical that if the uk was n't paying into those funds it would still be entirely capable of managing seasonal flooding . 
  over here on the savage continent you see similar events happening with red states avoiding help from fema because they do n't want to hear a chorus of `` told you so '' from blue states . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galoshes like all things american , we borrowed the word and general idea and have applied it to another piece of clothing altogether . 
  i was ( sort of ) joking . 
  hollande is still hollande and his approval numbers are still in the toilet . 
  that being said ( and i apologize for a machine translation ) : il y aura toujours une france, 
  a low corporate tax and pro-life abortion laws , not to mention deep cultural ties to organized religion . 
  yeah heritage just hates the shit out of ireland . 
  hollande 's transformation from pencil-pushing nerd into actress-fucking-de guallian-transnational-turbo-troll has been incredible to witness . 
  if cuba was n't an island , they 'd have fences on their borders too . 
  the cubans are n't even allowed into the ocean because escape attempts are made so often . 
  it 's remarkable that places like these can still exist . 
  or that ever existed at all . 
   what kind of insanity would have to happen to build big walls and station armed guards so that a continent gets split in two ? 
  would have to happen ? 
  what you described already exists in korea . 
  the usa chant is pretty good , one of the better reasons to follow the american soccer team is because you get to actually use the usa chant unironically . 
  i was working when we finally got bin laden and an honest to god usa chant started up ; * i work in a hospital * . 
  it was pretty sureal . 
  also a fun variantion that any fan of los angeles sports teams will quickly grow acostomed to : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uspf9m1w9y ( thank you forever boston ) . 
  but let 's get real , there are national anthems and than there is [ ** the ** national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piqseq6tevs ) ( probably not what you guys think it is ) . 
  the classic example of a double jeopardy `` failure '' is the o.j. 
  simpson trial where the prosecution was simply out gamed by the defense . 
  it did allow a man guilty of two murders free , but in the end he would be impoverished after a slam dunk civil trial and he would eventually put himself in jail later anyways . 
  but what 's often overlooked is that the simpson trial would be an important litmus test for dna evidence in criminal court . 
  the first major defeat for the prosecution was when the defense was able to convince the jury that the infinitely small chance of a random dna match somehow invalidated dna as evidence . 
  the next and ultimately fatal defeat was when the prosecution went for a grand gesturing using a single glove as evidence , only for the gesture to fail when the glove did n't properly fit . 
  the end result is that prosecutors everywhere learned that education about the nature of dna would be paramount to using those tests to result in convictions . 
  the high profile nature of the case is why dna evidence is now considered a nail in the coffin for any conviction . 
  it 's also led to hundreds of guilty men being let free when dna evidence would exonerate them from crimes they did n't commit ( almost always a case where the police and prosecutes targeted minorities and the homeless for expedience ) . 
  the other was that while dna would prove to be a powerful tool for the cause of justice , it would not obviate the need for traditional diligence of the defense and prosecution in providing evidence and testimony . 
  out of one wrong many rights have been corrected , both in the guilty being sent to jail and even more importantly , the innocent being freed . 
  that 's why double jeopardy is treated so seriously in american law . 
  same strategy as north america . 
  shipping cars is expensive and politicians are disinclined to go after `` foreign '' companies when they provide high-paying local jobs . 
   i 'm no expert , but i would n't think civil wars generally start when two groups of protesters meet . 
  i 'd say , most often then not , you need two organized , armed organizations . 
  not really as long as their is a source of weapons from outside , or if enough of the army defects to the protesting side . 
  that 's mostly what happened in the arab spring , most of the rebel armies formed when defectors help protestors raid weapon caches . 
  ukraine has a lot of soviet infrastructure in various states of repair or disrepair , it 's possible anti-government forces could move in and capture them should the protests escalate . 
  god help us if it gets that far , though .
