  from both what i heard when i was a contractor working for the military and from my friends who served in afghanistan , the french infantry are held in high regard ( the british are typically exempted from any discussion on the european militaries ) . 
  france however is almost entirely reliant on allied logistic capacity to get anywhere ( and of course read allied as united states ) . 
  the navy captain i reported to as a contractor actually held the opinion that the danes and norweigians had the best , most complete of the continential militiaries but simply lacked the size to make as dramatic an impact as france or ( potentionally ) germany . 
  as an aside , he also held the opinion that the australian military was man-to-man the finest military in the world . 
  automaidan was/is a function of the euromaidan protests by forming convoys of cars, 
  the ice nut punch was only eastern north america , western north america , especially the southwestern united states has been regularly in the 80s ... oh err uhmm [ google search ] 26.5 ~ cs . 
  especially sucks for us in california because we rely on the sierra nevada snow pack for our fresh water and have n't had a snowfall since october . 
   i mean , if cameron would happen to have a fuck buddy , there sure would be a couple of articles but nothing like that ... are you kidding ? 
  he 'd be lynched . 
  they 're thinking that burning natural gas as an energy souce is far cleaner than coal , because coal is what germany has been turning to after off-lining their nuclear plants and after green power has failed to meet the demands of an energy hungry manafacturing led economy . 
  capturing lightning in a bottle is dangerous and messy work , the recent chemical spill in west virginia is just a fresh reminder of that oft forgoten fact . 
  fracking has it risks , but so does every form of power generation . 
  the advantange is that fracking produces a clean burning fossile fuel that is still the best combination of power generation , enviromental impact and cost . 
   it seems like the uk is holding the eu to ransom in an attempt to renegotiate treaties to the uks favor . 
  yes , you see , this curios behavior even has a name , `` politics '' . 
  it 's more than just being in nato , they are a very capable military . 
  numerous u.s. military sources said they were highly impressed by the danes and the norweigans in the libya campaign . 
  funny image choice , i live about two miles away from that winery . 
  `` the dark night of fascism is always descending in the united states and yet lands only in europe '' -- tom wolfe , `` the intelligent coed 's guide to america '' ( ~ 1976 ), 
  i believe he is saying that ferdinand 's ineffective rule , which caused so much instability in spain , is what led to mexican independence . 
   but even i , who am from a country with not an as high amount of ego when it comes to the countries culture and so on , would have felt insulted if some schmuck described workers in my country like this ... 
  some french bureaucrat was trying to find a buyer of the tire plant because it current owner was n't making any money and when he sent a letter to an american tire manafacturer the response the bureaucrat gets is `` are you fucking serious ? '', 
  in so many words . 
  my guess is that mr. taylor was responding with the assumption of confidentially and than that communication ~ somehow ~ ended up in the hands of the union in question . 
  i 'm just a guy on the internet , but it sure sounds like a french bureaucrat got into a huff over his national honor being slandered by some american yokel . 
  [ looks like all off mainland europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_united_states_citizens ) is visa-free travel for us citiziens . 
  they 'll do a cursory search through your bags , pull out a laptop , maybe open the lid to make sure it 's a real laptop , than they 'll put it back in your luggage and send you through . 
  seizing anything at the border is an exteremely rare event . 
  tens of millions of people travel to the us every year and have zero issues crossing the border . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't suck , but international travel within the european continent is very exceptional . 
  travel to any other country and they are well within their rights to seize whatever they feel they need to or deny you passage . 
  i went reading up on it and it sounds voluntary ? 
  `` some officials have suggested the virginity examinations are a blow to georgia 's credentials as a progressive democratic country . 
  speaking on july 31 , the justice minister denounced the tests as a sign of `` backwardness . '', 
  but guguli magradze , a member of the parliamentary health-care committee and georgia 's gender-equality council , disagreed , saying , `` if there 's a demand for this service , the government ca n't forbid it . '', 
  i agree that the culture needs to change but the government does n't sound exactly thrilled with the practice . 
  they could outlaw it but that would just drive women , who if feel they need to have the test performed , to shadier sources . 
  it has more to do with the fact that the western states are relatively young compared to eastern and midwest states . 
  the migration into the western states really did n't begin in earnest until the early 20th century , and the first western settlers were more likely to consider themselves still of their home state than their new adopted home . 
  texas also has it 's war of independence against mexico as a rallying point for it 's own identity , which makes it somewhat unique among the states that were n't part of the original colonies . 
  but really , americans think of themselves first as americans . 
  anyone who said otherwise would be considered a little weird . 
  band of brothers ( the book ) had the most striking examples because ambrose deliberately set the gis positive reaction to germany and the germans against their discovery of the concentration camps . 
  i went looking for the exact wording but i 'm at work and do n't have the book in front of me . 
  i 've read similar thoughts from kagan and other wwii historians as well . 
  yes . 
  both the common gis on the ground and their commanders noted in their writings that the germans got to rebuilding almost immediately after being defeated ( in many cases the us army would capture a german town and the germans would start rebuilding right away ) . 
  most of the gis on the ground and the junior officers who commanded them became the leaders of the occupation forces and than gained political position afterwords . 
  they took their experiences with them and were n't surprised in the least when west germany 's economy started booming . 
  a eu-style market union with canada would make a lot of sense , we 're already pretty close because of nafta ; and the stupidity of the 9/11 reactionary border regulations are starting to unwind . 
  mexico is also getting it 's shit together in a hurry , the middle class is expanding and the mexican government just passed some important reforms for it 's energy sector . 
  the drug wars make for gruesome headlines but the fact that mexicans are actually standing up to the druglords does n't get reported . 
  the marine embassy guard being all srsface had me laughing out loud . 
   `` give an 18-year old man a m-16 and it 'll take four weeks of training for him to be proficient with it . 
  give a 14-year old kid a ak-47 and you can do the same in 2 weeks . '', 
  functionally , very littel seperates them . 
  loading and firing either weapon ( and nearly any semi or fully automatic weapon ) is nearly identical . 
  the reason it 's easier to train someone on an ak-47 ( and why the us military buys ak variants for militaries they train ) is because of the realibility you mention . 
  you can beat the hell out of an ak variant and it will still fire properly . 
  the new m16/m4 variants have come a long way , but still need to be cleaned and oiled to work , especially in dusty or muddy enviroments . 
  the other reason is the heavier , slower velocity round of the ak variants favors closer range engagements than the 556 nato round used by m16 variants . 
  to get the most out of those weapons requires a higher degree of markmanship , which is likely what the expert you cite was alluding towards . 
  the original plan for the * hms queen elizabeth * was a proper catobar carrier using the electro-magnetic catapult ( emals ) that was designed for the * gerald r. ford * - class . 
  that would have allowed for a traditional navy air wing , but bae howled and got qeii reduced to a slope-deck , which requires the f-35s ( which are replacing harrier ) . 
   i think there 's some anti-sodomy laws in some southern states that have been on the books for a very long time , but even if states wanted to enforce them they would n't be able to because those sorts of rights are protected under federal law . 
  they got obliterated in * lawrence v. texas * which was in 2003 . 
  from the wikipedia article :  by the time of the lawrence decision , nine states -- alabama , florida , idaho , louisiana , mississippi , north carolina , south carolina , utah and virginia -- still banned consensual sodomy without respect to the sex of those involved , and four -- texas , kansas , oklahoma and missouri -- prohibited same-sex couples from engaging in anal and oral sex . 
  [ 4 ] the reason the laws stayed in effect so long was because while the social conservatives resisted efforts to overturn them , so did some of the more centrist but socially conservative liberals who quietly supported the underpinning argument in favor of the laws that individuals did not have carte blanche to do what they want in the privacy in their own home . 
  pretty much all the meaningfull movements towards gay rights have been a combination of the libertarian right and the social liberals on the left , neither of which are paticullary powerful in voting turn out which is why it 's been so slow to move throughout the country . 
   of course it is , but i do n't really see how deliberately provoking an old enemy is beneficial to anyone in the us , or the world for that matter . 
  letting poland join nato was a `` provocation '' in russian eyes . 
  installing a missile shield is likely meant more for poland , as a sign that the united states , and by extension nato , is serious in our/their commitment to mutal defense . 
  russia 's decision to than move theater ballistic missiles in a more aggresive posture was likely forseen as an inevitable result , if only to restore mad . 
  in the end mad is equalized and a new ally feels more secure with their own missile defenses . 
  some of the southwestern states also officially recognize spanish ( and one officially recognizes hawaiian ! ) . 
  however most states print out government and information in multiple languages . 
  the hospital i work at ( in california ) makes translators available for dozens of languages ( although tagalog and spanish translators are n't needed since so many of the nurses and staff speak those languages natively ) . 
  echos can be a large part of it , especially for a people who are bound to be unfamiliar with actual gunfire . 
  i 'm guessing though that the number might be in the correct ballpark , however . 
  police officers are trained to defend themselves from lethal force as a matter of instinct . 
  if there 's 12 cops on scene the likelyhood is high that if one police officer feels the need to open fire , 12 others will follow the same pattern . 
  12 guys shooting up to 15 rounds ( depending on the size of magazine ) is a lot of bullets , even if they stop firing after only a few rounds . 
  there was a case in my county where an attempted arsonist , who was being chased by the sheriff 's department , attempted to ram a police car after he had trapped himself in a cul-de-sac . 
  he was hit well over a a 120 times , and well over a 500 rounds were fired . 
  the shooting was only a couple of seconds long but because there was so many officers involved ( the chase had travelled through multiple cities after the chp and sheriff 's were involved ) that only a few seconds of gunfire through a literal wall of metal into the air . 
  colonel thomas pappas was relieved of his command on may 13 , 2005 , after receiving non-judicial punishment on may 9 , 2005 , for two instances of dereliction , including that of allowing dogs to be present during interrogations . 
  he was fined $ 8000 under the provisions of article 15 of the uniform code of military justice ( non-judicial punishment ) . 
  he also received a general officer memorandum of reprimand ( gomor ) which effectively ended his military career . 
  lieutenant colonel steven l. jordan became the highest ranking officer to have charges brought against him in connection with the abu ghraib abuse on april 29 , 2006 . 
  [ 56 ] prior to his trial , eight of twelve charges against him were dismissed , two of the most serious after major general george fay admitted that he did not read jordan his rights before interviewing him in reference to the abuses that had taken place . 
  on august 28 , 2007 , jordan was acquitted of all charges related to prisoner mistreatment and received a reprimand for disobeying an order not to discuss a 2004 investigation into the allegations . 
  [ 57 ] specialist charles graner was found guilty on january 14 , 2005 of conspiracy to maltreat detainees , failing to protect detainees from abuse , cruelty , and maltreatment , as well as charges of assault , indecency , adultery , and obstruction of justice . 
  on january 15 , 2005 , he was sentenced to 10 years in prison , dishonorable discharge and reduction in rank to private . 
  [ 58 ] [ 59 ] graner was paroled from the us military 's fort leavenworth prison on august 6 , 2011 after serving six-and-a-half years . 
  [ 60 ] staff sergeant ivan frederick pled guilty on october 20 , 2004 to conspiracy , dereliction of duty , maltreatment of detainees , assault and committing an indecent act in exchange for other charges being dropped . 
  his abuses included forcing three prisoners to masturbate . 
  he also punched one prisoner so hard in the chest that he needed resuscitation . 
  he was sentenced to eight years in prison , forfeiture of pay , a dishonorable discharge and a reduction in rank to private . 
  [ 61 ] sergeant javal davis pled guilty february 4 , 2005 to dereliction of duty , making false official statements and battery . 
  he was sentenced to six months in prison , a reduction in rank to private , and a bad conduct discharge .
