  specialist jeremy sivits was sentenced on may 19 , 2004 by a special court-martial to the maximum one-year sentence , in addition to a bad conduct discharge and a reduction of rank to private , upon his guilty plea . 
  [ 62 ] specialist armin cruz was sentenced on september 11 , 2004 , to eight months confinement , reduction in rank to private and a bad conduct discharge in exchange for his testimony against other soldiers . 
  [ 63 ] specialist sabrina harman was sentenced on may 17 , 2005 , to six months in prison and a bad conduct discharge after being convicted on six of the seven counts . 
  she had faced a maximum sentence of five years . 
  [ 64 ] harman served her sentence at naval consolidated brig , miramar . 
  [ 65 ] specialist megan ambuhl was convicted on october 30 , 2004 , of dereliction of duty and sentenced to reduction in rank to private and loss of a half-month 's pay . 
  [ 66 ] private first class lynndie england was convicted on september 26 , 2005 , of one count of conspiracy , four counts of maltreating detainees and one count of committing an indecent act . 
  she was acquitted on a second conspiracy count . 
  england had faced a maximum sentence of ten years . 
  she was sentenced on september 27 , 2005 , to three years confinement , forfeiture of all pay and allowances , reduction to private ( e-1 ) and received a dishonorable discharge . 
  [ 61 ] england had served her sentence at naval consolidated brig , miramar . 
  [ 67 ] sergeant santos cardona was convicted of dereliction of duty and aggravated assault , the equivalent of a felony in the us civilian justice system . 
  he served 90 days of hard labor at fort bragg , north carolina . 
  he was then transferred to a new unit where he trained iraqi police . 
  [ 68 ] cardona was unable to re-enlist due to the conviction , and left the army in 2007 . 
  in 2009 , he was killed in action while working as a government contractor in afghanistan . 
  specialist roman krol pled guilty on february 1 , 2005 to conspiracy and maltreatment of detainees at abu ghraib . 
  he was sentenced to ten months confinement , reduction in rank to private , and a bad conduct discharge . 
  [ 69 ] specialist israel rivera , who was present during abuse on october 25 , was under investigation but was never charged and testified against other soldiers . 
  sergeant michael smith was found guilty on march 21 , 2006 of two counts of prisoner maltreatment , one count of simple assault , one count of conspiracy to maltreat , one count of dereliction of duty and a final charge of an indecent act , and sentenced to 179 days in prison , a fine of $ 2,250 , a demotion to private , and a bad conduct discharge . 
   is there anything even remotely comparable here in n. america so that i can better understand it ? 
  is it like a union of state ( like the us ) or a country with super autonomous states . 
  i do n't know how applicable this is to you , but it 's structurally similar ( although still different ) to the situtation of the american colonies during and after the war of indepenence , but before signing the constitution . 
  from robert conquest 's `` the harvest of sorrow '' : `` we may perhaps put this in perspective in the present case by saying that in the actions here recorded about twenty human lives were lost for , not every word , but every letter , in this book . '', 
  that sentence represents 3,040 lives . 
  the book is 411 pages long . 
  i 'm guessing the ukranians have * mixed * feelings towards the soviet legacy . 
   in the us , there 's still tons of taboo around the industry wut . 
  solar panels are all over the american southwest . 
  the only real complaint about solar panels is that they are ugly and take years to recover their price in saved energy . 
  maybe their more controversial in places that do n't get as much sunlight but you see them in conservative and liberal areas so it 's not a political issue . 
  it 's also a lot more common for custom and track homes to be built with solar paneling in mind , both aesthetically and efficiency . 
  the newer track divisions come with solar paneling installed too . 
  this is to say nothing of their commonality in industrial parks or apartments where nobody cares about aesthetics . 
  i do n't think they hate it , so much as get tired of the bluster . 
  my understanding is cork is basically the texas of ireland . 
  in america the histories of the states themselves usually serves as a lense for focusing on history . 
  growing up in california , i learned a lot of the exploration and settlement of the west , received a fair but union favorable outlook on the civil war and a had an in depth look at the history of mexico . 
  my friend from new york had a much larger focus on revolutionary times , a much harsher view of the south , and a large focus on women 's suffrage and the early progressive movement . 
  i put germanic and slavic although like most american 's that 's quickly becoming meanigless . 
  my mother 's mother was born outside of edmonton to ukrainian jews who converted to catholicism since the only church in their alberta town was catholic . 
  my mother 's father was born in vancouver to irish immigrants . 
  my father 's mother was born to german immigrants in pittsburgh . 
  my father 's father is actually something of a mystery , he moved to california from western illinois as a teenager , sometime in the late 19th century , very much still during the `` old west '' . 
  we have never been able to tell if he was born in america or immigrated from germany as a child with his parents . 
  man , i was in scotland for a week and even i know that this is n't true . 
  i do n't think scotland gaining it 's independence would be good for the country or it 's people but i certainly understand their desire to pursue it . 
  i picked disagree because i do n't really think race factors into how people make decisions . 
  i think * culture * can be a predicting factor but race and culture are n't intertwined . 
  american english changes - re to - er in almost every instance , going all the way to back to green and latin . 
  ironically , more recent french loan words have kept their traditional spelling ( macabre ) , which make those words sound foreign and cool . 
  but really , let 's cut this down to brass tacks and point out that - ise is the worst way to end any word . 
  as someone from the american southwest , i do n't see anything unusual or wrong with this picture . 
   now i think that 's been replaced replaced * with better ads * !, 
  https://youtu.be/dbht_gu6zzq the marines have a similar one : https://youtu.be/tyrbstbhcs4 this country is ridiculous and * i love it * . 
  no thanks . 
  puerto rico has better baseball players . 
  just let poland read the rest of the results , wow . 
  i doubt the ussr would have ever been defeated outright , it was/is simply too massive a country to defeat unilaterally . 
  a more likely scenario would have been nazi germany overrunning the stalingrad , moscow and leningrad line . 
  this would have a major blow to soviet morale and may have destabilized the government , it would have also cut them off from their major source of oil production , both of which would have significantly delayed any possible counterattack into europe from the east . 
  still the german divisions thrown at the soviets were ruined , and would be unlikely to extract from russia . 
  the battle of midway had already given the us navy the carrier advantage in the pacific and the guadalcanal campaign was already underway , both of which lead to japan 's defeat . 
  i doubt germany would have won if the soviets had lost the key series of battles in european russia but it may have been enough to force the allies to accept a german surrender where hitler is still in power . 
   grand total of 1 summer bank holiday . 
  i always thought this was crazy . 
  we have three over here , with memorial and labor day forming the traditional beginning and end of summer ( may and september ) , plus independence day in july . 
  and then they are made pariahs of society and never land a job anywhere close to what they had before . 
  civil cases ( in the us ) are also much easier to convict ; a criminal case against corporate executives is often very difficult to bring to a conviction except when overwhelming evidence is available ( i.e. 
  many state capitals were placed well before the modern map of large populated cities developed . 
  in some cases the state capitals were actually the largest cities of their respective territories . 
  however it 's also true that many state capitals were deliberately isolated from large population centers to prevent any one city from completely dominating it 's state . 
  hang in there friends . 
  whatever the outcome tonight and in the future , know that we 're with you . 
   `` public transportation is for poor people '' . 
  like in asia , in most of the eu you see both suits and rags in the bus , tram , metro and train . 
  most urban areas are very comfortable with public transportation . 
  it 's just uncommon in the suburbs and unheard of in rural communities . 
  thanksgiving . 
  black friday . 
  never heard of that here . 
  perhaps some halloween in the uk but that 's about it . 
  halloween is a weird mix of catholic influences ( mexico 's day of the dead and ireland 's samhein ) . 
  thanksgiving is a very american holiday ( canada has a similarly themed holiday earlier in the year ) . 
  black friday is just a tradition that grew out of doing your holiday shopping with your family members , you traveled to see for thanksgiving , so you do n't have to pay for shipping later in the year . 
  i would n't really expect either to be a ` thing ' in europe . 
   weekly mass shootings in schools . 
  they do n't happen that often . 
  and really , it 's important to remember that the united states is equivalent to all of europe in terms of population and geographic size . 
  there 's an active shooting war going on in europe right now . 
  it 's not like texas is sending armed forces to occupy portions of oklahoma . 
   suing people for damages . 
  this is very uncommon , and that it does happen as often as it does it largely because of traditions dating back to our shared common law values with britain . 
   chanting the pledge of allegiance at school . 
  it is honestly a little weird , but remember that america never had actual fascists in power either . 
  only the british like gravy . 
  the rest of the continent uses many types of sauces and spices for dishes , and plain fat and meat juice is not usually seen as desirable . 
  it 's really not that common . 
  there 's a few popular dishes that use it like mash potatoes or roasts . 
  you 're probably hearing about it right now because it 's a big part of thanksgiving dinner , which is coming right around the corner .
