not even remotely . 
  it looked at us funny . 
  fuck off israel , nobody likes you anyway . 
   women have always been the primary victims of war . 
  women lose their husbands , their fathers , their sons in combat . 
  women often have to flee from the only homes they have ever known . 
  women are often the refugees from conflict and sometimes , more frequently in today 's warfare , victims . 
  women are often left with the responsibility , alone , of raising the children . 
  that 's quite clearly sarcasm . 
  yeah but they 're roma so obviously we are all racist for talking about it . 
  actually it 's because the master of cereal figured it 'd stop kids from masturbating so he pushed for it . 
   the netherlands  snow ha !, 
  we 're not talking about a rioting '' youth '' here . 
  why the hell ca n't danes be psychopaths ? 
  no they do n't . 
  a vote not for the party you 're closest to is only going to increase the chances of the other party . 
  it 's a tried and true method , why do you think christmas is in december ? 
  this is like the seventh time it 's been posted in a week , give it a rest . 
   actually kills people by making less people drive bicycle and less people having the health benefits of cycling . 
  also bicycle drivers with helmets drive more irresponsible . 
  still this is no excuse for not using a helmet as often as possible 1 . 
  we have been collectively riding bikes without helmets for over a century . 
  if you 1 . 
  know how to ride a bike 2 . 
  know how to deal with bikes in traffic 3 . 
  do n't build your entire infrastructure under the assumption that oil is infinite and actually take bikes into account you 'll be fine without a helmet . 
  say that again when you 're living in a country that 's entirely swamp . 
  sounds like he 's everything they 're looking for in a mod . 
  i dunno , every single war ever fought in human history ? 
  when you disagree with the mods you stop being european and start being a filthy stormfronter , therefore they have the moral obligation to censor you . 
  either that or it 's just good old fashioned [ mod abuse ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oy6ma.jpg?fb ) . 
  when you ban hundreds of posts a day it starts to become second nature . 
  what did i just read ? 
  how is that `` socking and unforeseen '' ? 
  but thank god we have mr. putinbot here to warn us against the evil western nazigay despots . 
  kloot = testicle viool = viola i think the most appropriate translation would be something like douche canoe . 
  boy was i suprised when i saw who banned that , he 's usually such a fair and unbiased mod !, 
  yeah those evil farmers with their massive profit margins and their cushy lives of immeasurable luxury and oppulence !, 
  i 'll take this over  so you want to visit karmawhoreistan ? 
  and  etymological origins of the word '' stapler '' throughout europe !, 
  spam any day of the week . 
  nothing to see here , is just artillery on fishing trip . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  he 's in the military . 
  being in the us military apparently means you give up your human rights . 
  do n't you want to know the etymological origins of the word desk throughout europe ? 
  riveting !, 
  how * dare * you not let us murder a planeload of your countrymen . 
  right , it 's * only * 80 % of russians that fanatically support putin . 
  time to bust out the big red putinbot tag . 
  it 's not really riling up , it 's pandering . 
  the russians are already ridiculously homophobic , the government just follows along . 
  if only us evil homogay westerners had a glorious honorable leader like putin !, 
  easier to keep clean you 'll fit in with the other kids more pleasing for the other sex originally to diminish sexual pleasure both the rationalizations and the original intentions are the same whether you 're talking to a mom in egypt or a dad in kansas . 
  thanks for the contribution putinbot , as always your unbiased opinion on the murder of my countrymen is appreciated . 
  do n't forget to call him a nazi . 
  how deep is your head buried up the mod 's ass that you think that attentat is a normal english word that everybody knows ? 
  there 's apparently a barrier of interest around europe . 
  had the mh17 been shot down an hour later it would no longer be relevant to europeans . 
  newsflash : when the euro was implemented you could n't go to the market and get a bushel of apples for your one cent coin , they 've always been useless . 
  when was the last time the us murdered a planeload of my countrymen ? 
  the perception ? 
  mod abuse is rampant throughout the entire website and your problem is that people are taking issue with it ? 
  did you not watch that south park episode about the catholic chuch ? 
  i feel there should be a stronger word than criticize . 
  '' do n't put so many words in a powerpoint slide '' and '' you slaughtered my countrymen in cold blood '' really should n't fall under the same term . 
  especially if they 're doing it to placate the god of cereal . 
  that 's why it 's politically convenient . 
  the populace is ridiculously homophobic , so the politicians pander . 
  end of wwii event ? 
  the guy is running pretty late . 
  exactly . 
  when the russian government blames things on the evil gays they 're not scapegoating an innocent minority , they 're pandering to their constituency . 
  putin is n't special , another kgb agent would be put forward to take power . 
  nigga what ? 
  allinson volkoren is delicious . 
  and that 's just the discrepancy at the full-time level . 
  if you want to be anywhere near a consideration for a higher management position you need to put in 60-80 hour workweeks for years on end . 
  we vote for a top2000 music of all time list , and it plays leading up to the new year . 
  bohemian rhapsody almost always makes number 1 , and therefore plays at midnight . 
  bohemian rhapsody , for some godforsaken reason . 
  that 's just your standard [ be - word ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/be-#prefix_2 ) that happens to start with an l. 
  can you please take the rest of the week off ? 
  we 'll tell your manager that you propagandized us good , we all love mother russia now comrade !, 
  because every society in the history of mankind has been built on the blood of men . 
  sexism against the disposable gender is hardcoded into our genes and societies , it 's going to take a long time to get it all out . 
  that 's really the problem of the people too dense to grasp sarcasm . 
  pandering to them requires you to be a condescending jackass to normal people . 
   hey guys , i 'm actually being sarcastic here but since y' all are too retarded to get that i 'll just add this / s here . 
  i hope you get it now !, 
  i know right ? 
  [ just look at these poor women being excluded from the local patriarchy meeting . 
  ] ( https://mbtimetraveler.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/belgian-coalminers-in-a-lift-1990.jpg ), 
  i think the eu court forced us to make it illegal , but they 're not prosecuting unless you do large scale distribution . 
  of course the same goes for weed and that did n't stop americans from going dae le amsterdam 420 blaze it xd !, 
  for the past 100 years , so i guess they agree that piracy is legal here . 
  this is n't just a normal job . 
  in modern society it 's entirely possible for kids to grow up without a big male presence in their lives , which is just not healthy . 
  it 's not about compensating for some sort of inequality , it 's about providing a healthy environment for our kids to grow up in . 
  i 'd say flevoland should count double .
