i 'm a bit unsure on the level of autism you possess , but seen to your posts so far i 'm guessing speglord . 
  you said m\u00f6ller is a swedish word . 
  i 'm telling you it 's not . 
  i am swedish . 
  i am right . 
  you are wrong . 
  the end . 
  with the exception of them actually being words . 
  m\u00f6ller is not a swedish word , it 's just a name . 
   undisputed fact 1 : it is a swedish name today . 
  pretty much as swedish as the name ` ali ' . 
   undisputed fact 2 : it is an occupational name . 
  there is no occupation in sweden called m\u00f6ller . 
  m\u00f6ller is not a swedish word - or occupation . 
  and [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f15iu-d8tlg ), 
  as a swede , i concur . 
  you are . 
   ( probably vatican city is the best . 
  but i do n't think micro states count ) hence belgium do n't count . 
  took me waaay to long to get it . 
  hen and otherkin is two dimensionally different things with different meanings . 
   trying tooo hard . 
  i just like to say i never heard of an swedish equivalent to ` otherkin ' . 
  i think it 's mostly an american social construction . 
  ( lulz ), 
  volvo 240 blaze it, 
  was n't really implying anything ... 
  lol @ west ponders thinking they can boycott # 1 in v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd & lagomhet !, 
  yeah go boycott us while you sit on your v\u00c4lf\u00c4rds-couch from ikea , eating swedish meatballs and listening to dancing queen . 
  we 're # 1 fockoff buddy !, 
  / blue and yellow, 
  yes please . 
  wait , you mean * your * government ? 
  sweden won just like in world war, 
  til sweden has money left over . 
  wtf, 
   does that make us their quebec ? 
  no , you 're the eskimos . 
  fuck you denmark . 
  no but seriously , thanks brother . 
  well , looks like we 've learned a valuable lesson today , do n't we mister ? 
  who the fuck told you that ? 
  since sweden joined eu we are no longer neutral in any way . 
  you . 
  this . 
  stupid . 
  sweden is not neutral since 1994 when we joined the eu . 
   the us and co. are trying hard to drag us into their petty conflicts but there is absolutely no reason to do so . 
  i 'm 15 and this is very edgy . 
   and we 're neutral , it 's our way . 
  no we 're not . 
  jesus christ allmighty cringe , stop typing for the love of god . 
  no , it 's just more of the gangs acting out like mini-maffias in these areas and that mean they have a influence on the civilian life . 
  people are afraid to go to the cops , the cops have less power-projection , they lose public trust , rinse and repeat . 
  of the 55 that is claimed ` no-go areas ' ? 
  i do n't know . . 
  i 've lived in one of them and life were pretty normal . 
  very normal actually . 
  but in one of those bad 10-12 areas i spoke of , risk is , if something happens to you because of gangs , the police will have a hard time getting good witnesses , as people are afraid of repercussions . 
  this is commonly being repported , yes . 
  but it kind of depends on what your defenition of ` no-go zone ' is . 
  the swedish police released a report abouta year ago where they listed 55 areas where ` previvalent organized crime ' where to some degree affecting the daily life of citizens . 
  now , as bad as that is , it is not meaning sweden have 55 nga : s , most of them are extreamly harmless . 
  although , i 'd say maybe 10-12 of these areas * are * actually in dire condition in terms of the state keeping sufficient control of them . 
  i still would n't call them nga yet though, 
  the dude who was shot was a pjak member . 
  pjak is the iranian branch of the pkk/pyd organisation who 've been in open hostilities with the iranian regime quite some time now . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the most likely - but i 'm not ruling out iranians either . 
   denying refugees the help that they need is denying them a basic human right . 
  and what help would that be ? 
  and what basic human right are you referring to ? 
  and you have as much say in what , and what not , is inhumane as any other human . 
  it will not make it a fact . 
   there are n't any countries that are nearly as progressive and humane , no . 
  sure there are . 
  there are also a lot of better and more developed countries , but most of them have more restrictive immigration policies . 
   refugees are our shared responsibility , claiming anything else would be inhumane . 
  once again . 
  that is your prerogative . 
  not a fact . 
   are you trying to argue that sweden and germany are n't developed and progressive countries that should be looked up to ? 
  not sure what any of this has to do with `` white man 's burden '' . 
  are you arguing there are no other developed countries , with more restrictive immigration policies , that should be looked up upon ? 
  if you think it 's up to the ` blessed ' successful people to dictate the conditions for the ` unblessed ' - it has a lot to do with white man 's burden and the philosophy it set out, 
  and once again you use the word responsibility as like it is a universal fact that refugees from another continent is someone else 's duty to account for . 
  i do agree it 's ones moral duty to help people in need , but accepting them as refugees is not the only option , nor even the optimal , maybe . 
  i do agree with you though , i 've been a staunch proponent of sweden disbanding sida a long time ago and to start to only fund development grants to nations who are willing to conform to swedish standards and social norms . 
  the rest of your rambling about sweden and germany leading the way is so filled with white man 's burden innuendo i 'm actually giggling . 
  you still seem to not grasp the concept of not everyone thinking granting asylum to refugees is their responsibility . 
  as i said , there are other ways to help refugees . 
  i do n't consider it fair for the richer countries like sweden and germany to dictate the policies of the poorer either . 
  they should have their own say in domestic matters . 
  should n't have lost scania then , danskj\u00e4vel, 
   every country in the eu has a shared responsibility to help refugees who are fleeing from war and poverty . 
  that 's you prerogative . 
  not everyone shares that idea . 
  plus there are more ways to help than to just ` let them in your country ' . 
  this post is bullshit . 
  and possibly troll . 
  they hate ya , cause they aint ya !,
