the '' \u00edocaim as fuisce , n\u00ed as usice '' man is my new hero, 
  gaelige , or the irish language is n't as dead as people like to think it is . 
  while the number of native speakers is n't terribly high there are a fair few people , particularly in the younger and elderly age ranges who can speak the language with reasonable fluency . 
  many people who claim to have a poor knowledge of the language know it better than they think they do while you may not hear it terribly often on the streets of dublin , it can still be heard from time to time , and it still lives on , on road signs and state run bodies , and it 's shadow hangs over many aspects of the hiberno-english . 
  it 's defiantly a minority language in the country but it 's not like only five old cunts in connemara speak it, 
  ireland from 1934ad to 1943ad is fantastic, 
  fluent english and irish . 
  b2 spanish and a2 portuguese . 
  my favourite expression in irish is `` is f\u00e9idir leat s\u00edoda a chuir ar gabhair , ach is gabhair f\u00f3s \u00e9 '' it translates to `` you can put a jewel on a goat , but it 's still a goat . '', 
  i 'd say wales as the welsh are lovely and very like the irish , plus the country is beautiful and the language is awesome . 
  then poland , as their cities are gorgeous and their people are quite easy to get on with . 
  it 's very interesting to see where all the home of all our polish friends . 
  also the czech republic for prauge and the outstanding ( and cheap ) fresh beer, 
  not anywhere near as bad as i would have feared but there is still a lot of room for improvement, 
  ah lets not get crazy here , with that second part like . 
  ah nice no celtic languages cheers ya bollix, 
  english , irish ( fluently ) , spanish and poor portugese, 
  rap in irish is n't that common but there is some good stuff out there . 
  like this excellent one from the rubberbandits about fighting some girls da https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnffdirbe6w this one is half in irish and english , and has some banging trad music in it too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbkg2nrpdn0, 
  fucking incredible ten out of ten , deich as deich, 
  english and gaelige fluently , spanish pretty good getting to fluent and barely portuguese, 
  great song, 
  it 's a really weird piece of folklore considering the island has never had any native snakes, 
  seeing ireland just makes me mad that all the english cut down all our fucking trees !, 
  at least that 's what happened according to my dad . 
  that still does n't explain why them wanting this is so bad . 
  surely the fact that the minority langauges of france are treated with such apathy might make the people who speak them a little unequal to the majority who do n't ? 
  the fact that the other ethnic and linguistic groups you mentioned do n't have the status corsicans want for their language does n't mean that they should n't want it . 
  just because everyone else in your situation does n't have something should n't prevent you for asking for it . 
  well i suppose my experience might be a little biased in that i know a lot of fellow gaelscoil students , but a fair number of people know it better than they realise , they just need some encouragement . 
  it 's a real shame to see corsican getting shit on like this . 
  getting the official status probably wo n't change much immediately but it could well do the language a world of good in the decades to come . 
  i ca n't comment on what difference being made an official language would do for corsican , but your assertion that it did n't help irish is wrong i 'm afraid . 
  that decision absolutely helped our language in the long run . 
  gaelige is not in as bad a shape as people seem to think it is . 
  true it is n't thriving but it is n't in the fucking death spiral people seem to think it is . 
  ah now i agree that because of the cac handed way teaching the language is handled that only 5-10 % of the country can actually speak as gaelige fluently is a shambles , but making irish an official language unquestionably helped to save it from complete extinction . 
  without being made official gaelige likely would be dead already , instead of in the kind of ok position its in now . 
  absolutely wonderful !, 
  so much joy, 
  that salt mine was incredible , probably the best part in a great trip to krakow for me . 
  the staff charging for pictures in the cathedral area was a bit shit though , but hey it 's still a hell of a place ,, 
  irish is a dead language how is the queen doing ? 
  there 's always time to make up for that . 
  keep fighting the good fight !, 
  that sounds like a fucking nightmare scenario you absolute maniac . 
  i hope your dream never even comes close to being a reality . 
  ah here , you 're just being a prick now . 
  i 'm sad because i 've been speaking the language since i was five years old , and it 's both something i love and a huge part of my identity . 
  do you really even need to have this explained to you ? 
  i guess by your logic we should all be happy to see czech go as well to accommodate english ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  we 'll see i suppose , i 'm not giving up on the language just because this census showed us a decrease . 
  things could get better , and it ai n't over until it 's over . 
  the fall in the number of people who speak irish weekly an daily by 3 ' 000 people from around 188 ' 000 to 185 ' 000 has really depressed me , which is exactly what i do n't need while i 'm stuck in a maze of exam study . 
  not a death blow to gaelige by any means , but a definite set back , particularly as the number of daily and weekly speakers increased in the last two censuses . 
  what the hell happened this time ? 
  no bother pal, 
  well ` the scots ' arrived with their language in the [ seventh century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_scots_language#origins ) . 
  while gaelic is thought to have been in scotland since the [ 4th-5th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_gaelic#history ) , so i do n't know why your implying that gaelic came from ireland ' -- later ' . 
  it pretty clearly predates the scots language by a century or more at least . 
  gaelic had a presence in southern scotland well past the hundred years war . 
  [ this article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galwegian_gaelic ) says that gaelic lived on in galloway , which is in the south , up until 1760 . 
  sorry , i should have said south-east rather than just east lothian , but the language still had more of a presence outside the north-west than people give it credit for . 
  i 'd link some evidence , but i 'm on my kindle and linking stuff on this device is a nightmare . 
  you 're absolutely right about spending money and scots though . 
  it gets far less attention then it deserves . 
  gaelic has been spoken all over scotland at one stage or another except for shetland , orkney and east lothian i believe . 
  it only died out in galloway in the 18th century and was spoken in small communities outside the highlands up until quite recently . 
  i do n't know why people seem to think it only existed in the north west , that 's just not true at all . 
  our own d\u00e1il is called the d\u00e1il . 
  d\u00e1il na heorpa however is in fact known as parlaimint na heorpa for whatever reason . 
  what brave man , a true pioneer . 
  ah jaysus erdogan , will you just fuck off already ? 
  you do n't need to wait to see an irish-speaking \u00c9ire . 
  one exists already . 
  the language is only spoken regularly by about 150,000 to 200,000 people ( regularly meaning once a week or more outside of the education system ) . 
  this seems small but this is a number that is slowly increasing . 
  the language will never dominate , but it is growing slowly . 
  it ai n't going anywhere any time soon . 
  do n't come to ireland expecting any randomer to speak flunent irish , but if you want to come find someone who does you wo n't have to look very hard . 
  tomorrow there is going to be an event where people are just going to meet up and talk irish while having a drink . 
  this is a movement that started small , but has spread all over the country , and in dublin alone has gotten to the stage where several pubs are needed to accomidate it . 
  the language could be doing a lot better , but do n't worry . 
  it has life in it yet . 
  they do , but they also have manx which spoken by a small minority of a few hundred people . 
  though that minority is impressive given that the language was down to its last native speaker and a handful of others who kind of knew it forty years ago . 
  the orthography of manx is really unfortunate . 
  like as someone who speaks a gaelic language , i can see what they were going for with this word , but man it just looks fucking goofy . 
  the language is full of words that look like some landmark in vvardenfel . 
  very beautiful indeed . 
  i 'm not at all ashamed to say this made me cry . 
  this was actually pretty fascinating , i wish they got around to talking about those of us in the celtic tribe . 
  with zombo.com all things are possible . 
  no i meant separately . 
  around 60 ' 000 for gaelic and 150 ' 000-200 ' 000 at least for irish . 
  i think you 're wrong about the size of the circles for irish and gaelic there buddy . 
  both look like they have the smallest circles to me . 
  the smallest circle is for 3000-30000 speakers , both languages easily have more than that . 
  speaking as an irish speaker in the republic , if you count both native speakers and fluent second language speakers like myself there 's easily about 150 ' 000-200 ' 000 speakers , and that number is slowly climbing again .
