  there 's nothing in the article which actually supports the headline . 
  indeed , the entire first half of the article is a giant list of all the things that america 's doing to shore up defense across europe and asia , and cites a survey showing that the majority of americas are in favor of using force to defend allies . 
  the largest piece of `` evidence '' brought up is the lack of a response to the situation in ukraine . 
  a country which has no military ties obligating the us to intervene in . 
  the other issue brought up is karzai refusing to sign a security deal with the us , but that 's a silly point as well , seeing as the us was a * hostile invading force * and not a friend . 
  as for asia , the author never even bothers to name anyone who 's actually lost faith in the us ; he keeps saying `` some people '' , but that 's about it . 
  the few people who are explicitly named , like abe , are clearly in favor of increased cooperation . 
  are they a legit party ? 
  looking at the website it seems to me that they 're just some fringe group , but i 'm not the most well versed in european political parties . 
  gitmo is open because it 's impossible to close . 
  there 's been a huge mess trying to find places to house the inmates ; places secure enough to keep the prisoners do n't want them , and places that want them might not actually keep them . 
  there are also big legal complications ; they 're prisoners of war , not civilian prisoners , so can they even be kept in regular prisons ? 
  the only way guantanamo will close is once all of the people being held there are dead . 
  even if they stopped taking in people today , guantanamo will be open for decades . 
  vodka and borscht ? 
   we are still humans and we can not take out all human elements from politics either . 
  that 's exactly the problem though . 
  your analogy is a little off . 
  it 's not seeing your neighbor getting mugged and stepping in yourself . 
  it 's seeing your neighbor getting mugged , sending your son to do something about it , and then explaining to his mother why you put her child in harm 's way . 
  the first duty of a government is to its people , so if they 're willing to risk war on behalf of a different nation , there has to be a damn good justification . 
   and europe should n't even have to go straight to war to stop the invasion . 
  i think it would be quite enough if they would send some peacekeeping unit there . 
  this probably would surprise putin , but it could easily get out of hand . 
  he 's messing around in ukraine * because * it is outside of nato 's jurisdiction . 
  western nations putting troops on the ground in ukraine would almost certainly be viewed as an act of aggression , validating russia 's claims that nato is a hostile force which is attempting to encircle russia . 
  hell , people * within * nato countries might accept this viewpoint . 
  it would be an incredibly unpopular decision . 
  muddying the waters further , if these peacekeeping troops are sent as agents of the eu or specific european governments , it may provide an out for other nato states . 
  an attack on the territory of a nato member leaves no wiggle room ; everyone * must * respond . 
  but if these troops are being placed into an unaffiliated state , which may or may not already be in a state of war , that 's less clear-cut . 
  putin might be willing to take that gamble . 
  while i usually call bullshit on people who claim that the west escalates tensions by instigating russia , they might have a leg to stand on in this case . 
  i do n't disagree with your claim , but let me rephrase my question . 
  * why * should the eu care enough to make this their priority ? 
  whether russia annexes all of ukraine , or gets beaten back , the overall situation in europe does not change . 
  the farthest russia can possibly go is to ukraine 's western border , because beyond that is nato territory . 
  so , eu citizens are not in any danger , regardless of what happens . 
  if the eu brought ukraine under it 's protection , there 's a small chance that the eu would get dragged into war , and there 's a certainty that there would be harsh economic consequences . 
  there 's nothing to be gained from defending ukraine other than a feeling of moral superiority , so how do you sell this to the governments of europe ? 
  what do you want the eu to do though ? 
  if russia actually launches a full-fledged invasion , the only way to get them to back off is going to be with force . 
  there 's simply no way the nations of the eu are going to declare war on russia over ukraine . 
  does n't `` greek orthodox '' refer to their religious affiliation ? 
  they 're ethnically arab people who are orthodox christians . 
  disliking eurovision might make you a bad european , but it makes you a good american if that helps . 
  they 're not exclusive though . 
  it is perfectly acceptable to write a paper `` on '' or `` about '' a specific topic . 
  talking `` on '' a subject is also acceptable ( though no it 's not as commonly used as `` about '' ) . 
  pretty much all the examples given earlier can actually be used interchangeably without much trouble . 
  i think eurovision would be a lot more entertaining if they allowed sodomy . 
  nothing you said is even a little bit relevant to the issue . 
  the ban , which applies to all pork related products from america , japan , canada , and mexico , is in place because some pigs from those areas have been infected with a virus that has no vaccine yet . 
  once a vaccine is developed , or the outbreak dies down , imports will likely be accepted again . 
  and of course , painting the us and japan as worse than russia is idiotic , but that 's a different story . 
  you misunderstand why costa rica can exist without a military . 
  costa rica is n't safe because anyone who attacks them would look bad and suffer an economic body blow . 
  they 're safe because anyone who attacks them would be preforming an armed intervention in america 's sphere of influence , which historically has been a poor decision . 
  russia 's economy would be * improved * by the completely disappearance of any military forces in europe because russia would be able to bypass markets completely . 
  instead of having to trade europeans for things , russia could simply * take * whatever it wanted . 
  you can sure as hell bet that the us and canada would pull out of nato if europe completely disarmed , so there would be no cavalry on the way . 
  even if your idea somehow worked though , it 's still kind of pointless . 
  why would you wait for the markets to crucify a country metaphorically when your military could do it for real ? 
  always and forever . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy1b3aggnxw dat sax . 
  what like minded countries are you talking about again ? 
  we 've got russia and ... what , belarus ? 
  nato accounts for about 70 % of * global * military spending . 
  america alone has the * two * biggest air forces in the world . 
  in terms of number of troops , russia is outnumbered about 5 to 1 . 
  the only countries to the west of ukraine , poland , hungary , and slovakia , are nato members . 
  it 's been said roughly one billion times in the last month so i wo n't bother giving all the details ( again ) , but russia * can not * win a war with nato . 
  for all the nasty things i could say about putin , he 's yet to give any indication that he is suicidal . 
  the potential mobilization of troops to the border would simply be to warn the russians that they would be making a very large mistake . 
  russia needs the money as bad as the eu needs the gas . 
  they 'll start off offering the ukrainian price , and then negotiate down . 
  if they keep the price too high , they * might * get they 're asking price , but it will come with the knowledge that a policy shift * will * be on the way . 
  russia 's best bet is to keep the price just low enough that the eu never bothers to start investing in alternative suppliers . 
  they would n't be going into ukraine , but they might be mobilized and then massed near the borders as a precaution . 
  only in the parts of europe that do n't have relations with nato or the eu . 
  there 's a real chance that russia might go to war with ukraine , but the russian federation ca n't afford to push farther west . 
  this is my favorite title ever . 
  the article is complete bs , but i wo n't make a step by step critique like i usually do , because this header is simply too brilliant . 
  is it really to `` pander '' to muslims ? 
  seems to me that they 're removing the pork because it 's not turning a profit . 
  ordering a ton of pork which is just getting thrown away because you 're operating in a predominantly muslim location is just bad business sense . 
  subway is n't obligated to operate according to your moral sensibilities . 
  if you want these subways to put pork back on the menu , head to the shop , get a bunch of people to demand pork , and then make a concerted effort to keep buying it , because profit is the only thing that corporations care about . 
  7 votes for `` other . '', 
  we 've already got yes , no , do n't know , and do n't care . 
  what other possibilities are there ? 
  supplying weapons to the mujaheddin kind of bit us in the ass though . 
  sure it got the soviets out , but now we 've got to deal with the instability and terrorism as fallout . 
  you can make the argument that it was worth it because the soviet union was much more dangerous than any terrorist group , but it 's not a clear cut victory . 
  the other problem is that a policy like this would hurt ukraine . 
  if we start funneling in weapons and supporting guerrilla warfare , the country * will * devolve into a war with russia , and probably a civil war as well . 
  this would almost certainly be a worse outcome than if we did nothing at all ; lots of people would die , and russia would be able to take the moral high ground . 
  remember , the entire point of any policy in the region should be to * help ukraine * , not to spite russia . 
  can confirm , krispy kreme is superior to dunkin' donuts . 
  dunkin 's got better coffee though , and is generally cheaper .
