  i mean , i guess i could argue that nationalism and ethnicity are n't necessarily related , or question what exactly ethnicity is , but it 's mostly just semantics at this point . 
  the only thing i will actually argue is that these are positions which are insulting to more than * just * left-wingers . 
  there are plenty of people on the political right who are in favor of things like immigration and race mixing , or at the very least , do n't care enough to take issue with it . 
  in this regard , people who hold these viewpoints are in the minority ( at least , in the western world ) , which now that i 've typed it out , strikes me as more than a little ironic . 
  but yeah , the best you can really hope for is to agree to disagree . 
  that 's not really true though . 
  the reason that people who take up the points you mentioned are looked at disapprovingly is because they are typically taking positions which are blatantly racist and insulting . 
  `` dey took er jerbs ! '', 
  is n't a very defensible stance to take . 
  that does n't mean that the debate * needs * to take that form though . 
  take immigration for example . 
  while there are certainly people who are anti-immigrant for petty reasons , there are some valid critiques of not having restrictions in place . 
  for example , you could argue that an influx of unskilled labor creates an anemic growth in the economy . 
  yes labor costs are kept down , but prices do n't actually drop ; all that happens is that corporate profit increases . 
  so you have a situation where immigrants are taken advantage of , regular people are hurt because wages are driven down , which causes instability in a country . 
  see , now you 've got a serviceable anti-immigration platform to use , that is n't based on xenophobia . 
  i do n't personally buy into it , but it 's a much stronger case than keeping foreigners out for the sake of not having foreigners . 
  it 's all about tone and justification . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  i spend a good chunk of my time criticizing europe , and i ca n't recall a single time where i got destroyed by the downvote train . 
  see , the key is that you need to use actual criticism , instead of just spewing a bunch of insults and relying upon logical fallacies . 
  an account which is three hours old , makes inflammatory posts , and fails to actually back up these controversial points with sound reasoning gets written off as a troll . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being serious or not , but literally every aspect of your post is wrong . 
  so , in order :  i just ca n't believe how selfish , mean and zealous usa is acting . 
  it 's hard to respond to what exactly you mean without specifics , but almost all of the things the us is doing in eastern europe right now are at the behest of the nations in the region asking for help . 
  ukraine has called for support in the face of russian aggression , and so has applied sanctions on russia . 
  the troops being placed in poland and the baltics are a response to these states explicitly asking for nato troops to be deployed within their territory , as is their right by way of their nato membership . 
  within the us , pretty much no one is under the impression that these troops are actually going to be needed ( it 's assumed that russia wo n't actually attack anyone in nato ) , so the us is spending resources simply to make its allies feel better . 
  and of course , the us is n't the only nation applying sanctions and supplying troops . 
   they think they can normally invade anyone and do what they want , and think no one can criticize them any military action undertaken by the us is always massively criticized , both domestically , and abroad . 
  iraq in particular was incredibly unpopular , and the shadow of that war is honestly one of the biggest reasons why american reaction to the crisis in ukraine has been so muted . 
   and when russia just wants that little crimea , usa goes all `` omg russia put sanctions wreck rouble . 
  remove russian forces from crimea , destroy putin . 
  there are two immediate problems with this statement . 
  the first is that it relies upon a logical fallacy . 
  `` if someone else does something wrong , then it means it 's ok for me to do something wrong ! '', 
  this sub has taken to calling this fallacy `` whataboutism , '' though that 's not what it 's normally known as in most legal or logic classes ( though i admit i do n't remember the proper name off the top of my head ) . 
  secondly , the issue at hand is that the russian invasion was not only illegal , it was incredibly shady to boot . 
  even if the russian government had n't promised to respect ukrainian territory and sovereignty after the dissolution of the soviet union , and even if the ukrainian constitution did n't dictate that a referendum on territory had to involve the entire country , it would still have been an outrage . 
  russia sent large numbers of unmarked troops into a foreign country without pretense or notification , and these unmarked troops administered a referendum at gunpoint . 
   russia in fact just wants to help russians in ukraine , but no . 
  and finally , there has been no credible evidence of wide scale threat to ethnic russians in crimea , and what violence there is has mostly been in reaction to the invasion . 
  russia created a problem , and then attempted to use that problem as a pretext to retroactively justify their involvement . 
  if you were joking , then i apologize for letting it fly completely over my head , but this was just too good of an opportunity to pass up . 
   so are militaries . 
  true , anyone in a position of power is susceptible to corruption . 
  who watches the watchmen and all that . 
  but at the end of the day , i 'd rather put my faith in an organization which exists to protect my country , than one which exists to get paid . 
   one could argue that a military also needs wars to justify its existence . 
  you could , but you 'd be wrong . 
  a pmc only gets paid when there 's a war going on , or when a country is gearing up for war . 
  a national military exists and gets paid regardless of what 's actually going on in the world . 
  as long as the * concept * of war exists , a military is needed , while a pmc is only needed when a * real * war exists . 
  a military does not need to justify its existence , while a pmc does . 
   and that is exactly my fear . 
  a strong military has a strong influence on politics . 
  ( and politicians start to think they can play alexander the great !, 
  that actually maybe the biggest problem . ), 
  you 're not only exaggerating , you 're actually mixing your examples , and it actually hurts your argument . 
  we have to draw a line between the actual military , and the various military industries ( like ge , boeing , that sort of thing ) . 
  the problem in the us is that the * industries * are constantly lobbying for more military spending , which is actually supported by a large swath of the population . 
  arms manufacturing is one of the most lucrative investments in the us , and much of the actual production is done domestically . 
  companies do n't want to take a hit to their profits , and people throughout the country rely on these companies for work . 
  the actual military meanwhile is * against * some of the more ridiculous spending measures . 
  for example , the pentagon has explicitly told congress that it does not need any more tanks , but congress is still pushing about a thousand more down their throats , because cutting the program would be political suicide . 
  so using the american context , the * military * is calling for restraint while * private interests * are warping the system . 
   even if the military is controlled by elected civilians it is still an undemocratic organizations whose primary goals are to grow and justify it 's existence ( via war ) . 
  the military is mostly undemocratic , so the solution is to throw it away in favor of a system which is * completely * undemocratic ? 
  presumably because the debate is filled with racist slurs . 
  even when you 're got people who are actually interested in a discussion , and not just racist asshats , it 's a really touchy subject that tends to get people up in arms , so having a debate about it that does n't devolve into name calling is really difficult . 
  in addition , it 's a topic which brings in multiple different issues , which muddies the waters even more . 
  is an `` anti-islam '' debate about people who are islamic , or is it about arabs ? 
  or are european muslims fine , and it 's just muslim immigrants that people are upset about ? 
  and if that 's the case , maybe it 's not islam at all , and we should really be having a discussion about immigration instead . 
  no one ever bothers clarifying * exactly * what they mean , so even people with the same opinion about the problem might end up arguing against each other . 
  apparantly , i 'm closest to strana zelen\u00fdch in the czech republic at 80 % , followed by groenlinks in the netherlands , and then a 9 way tie for third place . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about this . 
  i think you misunderstood what my point was . 
  or maybe i 'm just a bit unclear , which after rereading is very possible . 
  to clarify : we 're operating upon the assumption that nato does not react ( which is a very silly assumption , but the one the author is making ) . 
  i 'm arguing that nonaction would cause nato to dissolve . 
  the downturns in the economy are n't coming from anything russia is doing in and of itself , they 're coming from the fact that the state of global security is being upturned . 
  obviously , this falls apart if you 're operating under the assumption that nato could survive as an organization if it allowed an attack on a member state to go unanswered . 
  i seriously doubt nato could survive that though . 
  it 's entire cause for existence for decades was to fight off russia if there is an attack . 
  however ** if we use the assumption that nato could survive after choosing not to defend a member , then you are correct , there would probably not be any big change in the world . 
  ** seeing as nato has n't actually been tested yet , neither of us actually has much in the ways of evidence to support our points , so it 's just speculation . 
  however , the lack of any fallout in the western markets thusfar is n't actually evidence that there would not be any fallout in the event of a nato collapse , because nato has n't actually shirked any of its duties yet . 
  there has n't actually been much of a change in the geopolitical theater yet ; the russian federation acting dickish is unfortunate , but not particularly shocking . 
  for the time being , things are mostly business as usual . 
  i feel like this quote is getting taken out of context . 
  this was a response to a question posed in a televised interview . 
  what else was he going to say ? 
  `` yes , the eu can definitely focus on getting energy from elsewhere . 
  within a few years they could be energy independent , and i have seriously dropped the ball by heading down this course . '', 
  admitting that he might have screwed the pooch is the worst thing putin can do right now , regarding his personal prospects . 
  if he wants to keep a firm hold of his power , he 's got to look like he knows what he 's doing , and just hope that people roll with it . 
  the economy is based largely on faith in the stability and growth of the market . 
  the dissolution of nato would seriously shatter faith , because security is one of the most basic services provided by the government . 
  for the last 70 years , the us has been the guarantor of western safety .
