  most drones are spy cameras with missiles attached , used to attack targets which are n't aware of the drone 's presence . 
  they just are n't really that capable at aerial l combat yet . 
  it 's true that for jet fighters the pilot is the weakest link , but they have n't found a good replacement yet . 
  it 's probably going to be another generation or so before pilots can reliably fight against other pilots from the ground . 
  russia , for acting like a comic book villain . 
  unlike in ww1 , the massive network of hidden alliances and interconnected politics did n't really exist . 
  it 's publicly known that nato exists , and member states are legally obligated to support each other in common defense . 
  the american case for invading afghanistan meanwhile was pretty strong ( much stronger than iraq ) . 
  russia had no particular reason to defend afghanistan , and any desire to do so would have been seen as being in the support of international terrorism . 
  they 'd have absolutely nothing to gain , but everything to lose . 
  i 'll ignore the -400 karma and give a genuine response . 
  can you give an example ? 
  i see people on this board attack leaders all the time . 
  other people refute these claims and defend the leaders because that 's what people with different opinions do . 
  your leak metaphor is flawed . 
  with a leak there is one problem , and the source is obvious to everyone who looks , and the solution is obvious and can be implemented immediately by anyone with even basic knowledge of plumbing . 
  this is not the case in politic in general , let alone for an entity as large and diverse as the eu . 
  not only do people disagree about solutions , but they often do n't even agree on what the problems are . 
  countries with different backgrounds have different perspectives on what issues are most pressing to address , and there 's a finite amount of time and money available to fix them , not to mention perpetual conflicts of sovereignty and occasionally muddled enforcement mechanisms . 
  that 's just how democracy works . 
  it 's not a simple process . 
  hell , the us was n't even sure if it was a single country or not for it 's entire first century of existence , and we 've still done pretty well for ourselves . 
  it 's a bit early to throw in the towel on the eu just because it does n't run perfectly . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say the really small population probably skews the scale a bit . 
  it 's pretty wealthy , but only has a population of like 500,000 . 
  but for civilians that 's a distinction without a difference . 
  if the government decides to mess with your navigation there 's still nothing you can do about it ; all you did is switch which government is doing it . 
  though you are completely correct about it for the various european governmental powers . 
  switching from gps to their own system does have benefits , at least theoretically . 
  from what i understand , the problem is n't that the swiss are implementing immigration quotas , the problem is that the quotas are in violation of an agreement with the eu . 
  though statements like `` a country can not play host to an unlimited amount of people who have no hope of ever joining the host society is a productive manner '' probably helps to explain why europeans are being cast as racist . 
  that the us does it too , so switzerland is n't doing anything wrong is a logically fallacy . 
  even if it was n't , it 's still not a fair comparison because the us is n't breaking it 's obligations with other countries by limiting immigration . 
  not to mention that , demographically , the us is a lot more heterogeneous than switzerland and has significantly more immigrants . 
  but human intelligence is also really unreliable and results in innocent deaths . 
  that 's the reason they switched to relying primarily on signals intelligence , because it 's less unreliable . 
  not sure if trolling . 
  his solutions can all be boiled down to `` admit that france sucks '' and `` stop being france '' . 
  not exactly the most practical of solutions . 
  i dunno , that seems like it might be pretty open for abuse . 
  if the voting is open to the opposition , they could sabotage things . 
  for example , democrats all throw their vote for the most insane republican in the primary , so in the national election they have to put up a candidate who 's totally unelectable . 
  that , or just no one from the opposite party would even care enough to vote in large numbers , which defeats the point . 
  i 'm not even sure when the law in california passed . 
  was it before the last primary , and if so , how did it work out ? 
  the primary system can promote some really strange outcomes in the american political system . 
  the primary elections are like the national elections , but heavily shifted to the right or the left , because only one party votes in the primary . 
  this is really important because , on the national level , being close to the center is good , especially if your opponent is on the fringe . 
  hardline republicans will always vote republican , and hardline democrats always vote democrat , so elections are often made by swing voters , who are typically in the center . 
  the same holds true in primaries ; you need to hit as many voters as possible to win , but now you ca n't rely upon the support of the fringes and you active need to appeal to them . 
  the problem is what that `` center '' is . 
  if you 're looking at the republican party , the `` left '' is the wall st. banker type ; rolling back the government , reduce debt , cut taxes , generally avoid legislating morality . 
  the `` right '' meanwhile are basically fascists who are looking to establish a theocracy free of filthy foreigners . 
  there 's a reason that mccain did an about face on so many of his more centrist policies as soon as he made a bid for president ( to say nothing of why he picked up palin ) . 
  tl ; dr primaries encourage a rush to the edges of the political spectrum . 
  the strongest candidate for the primary is n't always the strongest candidate for the election , because the primaries do n't need to worry about appeasing independents or wooing voters from the other party who are on the fence . 
  edit : i 'd still rather have primaries than letting the top brass of each party just designate a candidate though . 
  because all of the posts mentioned in the article are comfy appointment positions of no consequence . 
  getting sent to western europe or a caribbean tax haven is a reward for people who 've already given years of service or have done some favors for the administration . 
  you 're more likely ( though admittedly not guaranteed ; the china appointment being the biggest example ) to find competent diplomats in countries that we have more volatile relationships with . 
  it 's not surprising ; everyone knows that diplomats spend most of their time doing this sort of thing . 
  i just find it surprising that people are acting so shocked about an offhand comment . 
  i 'd be utterly flabbergasted if high ranking eu officials never said `` fuck the us '' . 
  i find the russians successfully bugging the phone of the assistant secretary of state for european affairs to be a lot more interesting than said official getting fed up with the eu and saying a bad word . 
  no , when they hear romanian they generally think `` person from romania . '', 
  but no one really gives a shit because there is n't much of a widespread romanian stereotype . 
  they 'll just get the general foreigner flak . 
  i 've also never seen that . 
  it 's usually a marinara or meat sauce or something . 
  i 'm surprised that the figure is n't higher . 
  the cia 's entire mo is to find people who look like they might be willing to do something which supports american interests , and give them a push . 
  want to overthrow a government ? 
  fund rebel groups or bribe a general . 
  a minister 's on the fence about a trade deal ? 
  `` encourage '' him to see the profitability of an american arrangement . 
  want to find a terrorist camp ? 
  bribe a local to tell you where the strange guys with machine guns show up in town to buy food . 
  outside of payroll and travel expenses , i 'm not really sure what the cia would actually be paying for other than bribes . 
  guns maybe , but equipment could be considered a bribe too . 
  or the eu will give the us a very stern talking to . 
  you 'll see a deluge of sensationalist headlines saying european minister `` slams '' us official , or `` europe tackles racist american visa policy '' . 
  in terms of real outcomes , nothing will occur . 
  the ec is threatening to not longer respect some american diplomatic passports , but how likely they are to actually do this ( and if it would have any real effect ) is debatable . 
  according to the article , the states in question do n't seem to put a whole lot of faith in the eu either , and are going to keep working on bilateral agreements with the us . 
  i find the new mascot to be quite charming . 
  i am also quite drunk though . 
  am i the only one who 's creeped out by the megabus guy ? 
  i watched an entire eurovision competition a few years ago . 
  the only thing i got out of it was epic sax guy . 
  in a world gone mad , it was the one thing that made sense . 
  norway stronk !, 
  can into space way before polan !, 
  this story really says more about how segragated the schools are . 
  further down the in the article it has a list of schools and their percentage of esl students . 
  the first hundred or so are almost entierly esl ( above 95 % ) . 
  you have to go around 1000 schools in to drop below 70 % . 
  this is quite shocking . 
  however , another article , grabbed from the telegraph states that only 20 % of students in the uk are esl http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/10152869/more-pupils-speaking-english-as-a-second-language.html 20 % is higher than the us national average which is just 10 % ( though by state it ranges from 2-30 % without any clear effect on performance or economics ) , but it 's still much lower than pretty much every other nation in europe . 
  it 's also important to point out that the telegraph does n't make any distinction between students are fluent in english and those who are not . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that a large chunk of the students who do n't have english as a first language are still fluent in it .
