  implies that the eu would go above and beyond simply cutting out the benefits that the uk enjoys by being part of the eu and start applying * additional * punishments for leaving . 
  that would be a mistake on the part of the eu . 
  of course , i could just be mistaken about what the op is saying , in which case you can probably just ignore me . 
  but if the uk only does poorly because the eu intentionally and obviously goes out of its way to fuck them over ( which is what i thought the op was implying ) , then it cements the image of the eu as a thug . 
  while this might be an acceptable loss if the eu was already a country , right now brussels still has to sell the eu message to a lot of people . 
  people need to feel * good * about the eu for it to function well , and they ca n't do that if the population thinks of the government as a bully . 
  wow , way to jump off the slippery slope there . 
  how do you suggest the eu goes about breaking up google then ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i ca n't think of a single practical way for it to be done , and apparently neither could the minister that the article 's about . 
  if you 've got one that would n't be massively illegal , you could contribute that instead of being a prick . 
  the euroskeptics only win if the uk leaves * and * does well . 
  if they leave and the uk does terrible , then it shows that the skeptics do n't really have a leg to stand on . 
  what of it ? 
  the only way this could work without the us government taking google apart would be for the eu to take googles assets in europe and either nationalize them or transfer them to different corporations . 
  if you think that would work out well , you 're out of your fucking mind . 
  while technically there 's nothing stopping the eu from doing this ( the us obviously wo n't be going to war with europe over google ) , they 're signaling to the entire world that it 's not safe to do business with the eu . 
  they 'd have a slightly easier time just banning google from doing business in the area . 
  it is pretty much nonsense . 
  the second paragraph starts off by saying that it would be a last ditch desperation move , and that gabriel could n't actually explain how it was supposed to work . 
  seeing as europe does n't have much jurisdiction on american corporations , if there was an attempt to disband them coming from within the eu , google would probably tell them to fuck right off , before filing some lawsuits . 
  the only way the proposal could get off the ground is if the us government got on board with the idea . 
  you 'd probably see a bunch of posturing * before * britain left , either threats to keep them from leaving , or gifts to entice them to stay . 
  once the actual choice to leave came though , the eu would probably choose to cut all of the benefits that the uk receives from being in the eu , but no more . 
  they want leaving to be painful , but it 's important that the eu has an image of maturity . 
  they need to take the moral highroad to look legitimate , so they 'll still work with britain , but now it will be more expensive for the british to participate . 
  maybe they go as far as to give extra concessions to ireland and scotland ( assuming scotland becomes independent and joins the eu ) , just to make london jealous . 
  it would probably be in the eu 's best interest to keep the relationship cordial though . 
  they might even negotiate a fast-track back into the eu if opinion changed in the uk . 
  letting a country leave looks back , but it will look simply * amazing * if the most skeptical country in the bloc admitted that it was wrong and wanted to come back in . 
  but this possibility goes away if they insult the uk too harshly , so they should try to make the transition as smooth as possible , without too much pomp and circumstance . 
  of course , if it turns out that the uk actually does * better * without being in the eu ( which i think is unlikely , but who knows ? ), 
  that would be a problem . 
  but at the same time , the biggest justification for the existence of the eu is that the nations of europe are better together than apart . 
  if that 's not actually true , then maybe there should n't be an eu at all . 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  petty actions like that would probably be counterproductive ; the euroskeptics would now have even more serious ammo to use , and anyone on the fence might find it distasteful . 
  anyone who was n't already a die hard eurofederalist would be displeased by the action , not to mention that the eu would also be making an enemy out of one of the largest economies in the region . 
  it 's just pointlessly antagonistic . 
  your chronology is a little backwards . 
  it 's true that the colonial voices would have been completely drowned out in parliament , but the offer to have representation at all did n't come until * after * the declaration of independence had been sent to britain . 
  the war had already been in progress for a few years before then though , so by that point it was too little too late . 
  no one was ever saying that taxes should n't exist at all ( well , i 'm sure lots of people said that , but it 's a completely impossible stance to defend ) , the problem was that no one in the colonies had any voice about the taxing . 
  among many , many other problems with varying degrees of reasonableness . 
  the people involved in the whiskey rebellion * did * have representation within their government , and a more civil form of recourse if they were unhappy with the taxes . 
  gdp % is n't a particularly meaningful figure to cite in this case , seeing as the budget of the us is about an order of magnitude larger than russia 's . 
  the us does n't need an eu as a vassal state though . 
  most of europe is stable , democratic , and not particularly hostile , which is good enough . 
  it 's the view of many within the government and population that any money spent on defense in europe is a waste that would be better spent in asia or africa . 
  that 's why american politicians have been pushing europeans on the subject over the last couple of years . 
  and about the lack of representation * about * the taxation . 
  and about the double standard of citizenship which they ran into . 
  and the increasingly pointless and petty abuses of british power . 
  and of course , that 's before we get to the immediate buildup to the revolution , which saw hostile occupation , blockades , and a crackdown on local producers ... and of course , by the time the revolution started , the colonists did n't actually * need * to free ride because there was no one in the americas to * fight * . 
  the french and the natives had been smashed in the french and indian war , so at the point the british were just protecting the colonists from ghosts . 
   i work 50 hours a week to pay rent , eat gmo low quality food , pay utilities , it 's not garunteed anywhere in any national ideology or legal framework that you will have access to a job which is high pay and low hours . 
  there 's little concrete proof that gmos are bad for you , and of course you need to pay for utilities , because it costs money to run things . 
  the very fact that you * have * access to gmo food and various utilities means that you 're already much better off than a large chunk of the current global population , and better off than pretty much the * entire * historical population . 
   my job is being outsourced , and should i decide to follow it , i have to take a 50 % pay cut . 
  or you could get a new job . 
  it sucks , to be sure , but that 's how economies work . 
  progress does n't hold back just because some people have difficulties adapting . 
  it 's hardly a new occurrence . 
  the luddites for example wanted to destroy automatic textile mills because machines were taking there jobs . 
  where would the world be if we decided that industrialism was so bad that we did n't bother advancing ? 
  i for one do n't want to be back in the 1800s . 
   my governments are working at the whim of bankers , paying what could have been healthcare for my father , education for my kids , and a pension for my retirement , to the interest accrued in debt taken out to pay back existing debt . 
  you 're conflating media talking points with facts . 
  there 's not some big banking conspiracy , and any money spent on debt which is a minor part of the budge anyway would n't be going to healthcare or education anyway . 
   my parents saw their nest egg decimated following 9/11 ( interest rate plummeted ) , ubs scandal ( madoff and the sub prime mortgages ) and the value of their property fall by almost 75 % since 2008\u00a09/11 was an act carried out by outside parties , so you can hardly hold the victim accountable here . 
  as for the whole sub prime mortgage fiasco , the banks definitely should have been held more accountable , but even with that , the loses experienced by many people could largely have been averted if people bothered to read fine print and borrow within their means . 
  a variable rate mortgage is the devil , and no one should touch them . 
   my government also invaded a series of countries , deposed the sitting leaders , and imposed `` freedom '' in the process , they have armed dangerous religious extremists , since they can get results quickly . 
  iraq was wrong , pretty much without question . 
  it was terribly carried out , and based on some really fucking amateur intelligence gathering , with all criticism getting thrown out the window because the powers at be knew better . 
  once the us got there and fucked everything up though , there was a feeling of * moral obligation * to stay . 
  things went to hell because of something * we * did , so we need to at least try and get things on track before heading out . 
  the pullout of iraq might have been framed as a positive thing to the american people , but at the end of the day it was basically just the us throwing its hands up in the air and saying `` whoops , our bad . '', 
  afghanistan started out with a better justification , one which most of our allies and the un supported , but again , the follow through was the problem . 
  the pentagon grossly underestimated the level of force needed to maintain order in a country like that after you destroy the government . 
   closer to home , my every move is being monitored , tracked , and cataloged for future scrutiny should the need arise , a complete stripping of my right to privacy , all in the name of security from the same extremists we are arming !, 
  that 's hyperbole in the extreme . 
  the nsa is without question violating civil liberties , but that 's a far cry from the 1984 style vision you 're describing . 
  hell , most of the info that 's getting picked up is stuff that 's already been put out into public consumption . 
  if you do n't want people knowing what your facebook status is , you should n't have put it on facebook . 
  the wiretapping is a different story , but even that is hamstrung by the sheer volume of data . 
  still unacceptable , but more for moral and legal reasons than practical ones . 
   the west is just as corrupt , aggressive , and despotic as russia . 
  we are the pot calling the kettle black . 
  this is not the pot calling the kettle black , this is an example of a variation of the golden mean logical fallacy . 
  one side is bad , the other is bad , therefore they are both equally bad . 
  obviously this is a false equivalency . 
  the west has done things which they should be held accountable for , but the scale is still not the same . 
  it 's not black and white , but we 're certainly a whiter shade of gray . 
  i think he meant `` great '' as in `` great , now i have some good material to base my paper on ! '', 
  nice try , putin !, 
  we 're on to you !, 
  that 's just it though ; no one other than the telegraph is saying that russia is n't allowing the us to go to the iss . 
  not even * russia * is saying that . 
  americans can still go up , the just need to find their own way to get there .
