  austerity hurts their standard of living , they are upset about it , the protest . 
  the second thing to take into account is that in pretty much every country which undergoes austerity measures , it 's alleged that the problem is n't lack of funds , it 's allocation . 
  corrupt politicians squander money that could be used for more worthwhile purposes . 
  even if cuts are necessary , the cuts come from programs which support the common good , while bloated programs which benefit individuals , corporations , and international interests are left intact . 
  whether these claims are true varies ( i know almost nothing about spanish government and economics so i 'm not going to make a judgement ) , but it 's a common rallying cry . 
  telegraph/10 no one is being required to use sharia law , lawyers are being required to respect it if the relevant parties ask for it . 
  not that it matters . 
  i admit i 'm not a scholar on british inheritance law , but i 'm pretty sure people can divide their estate however they want . 
  having an official policy for a `` sharia '' inheritance ( whatever that means ) just means that lawyers can use a common template instead of having to create a so-called sharia policy wholesale, 
  this just in , countries with no military less likely to engage in military engagements !, 
  utterly shocking . 
  that opens up a whole new can of worms though . 
  it would be an absolutely massive boost in power , and one that can be easily abused . 
  it would certainly be more easy to implement actions , but that 's not necessarily for the best . 
  bro , you 're trying to hard . 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  at least i hope he 's a troll . 
  either way you 're wasting your time on him . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  no one has the right to break into your house and steal your property . 
  further , just because it 's statistically unlikely that someone who breaks into your house is intending to kill you , the only way you can know what their intent is is in hindsight . 
  if someone breaks in , sees you have a gun , then surrenders , you no longer have the right to kill them . 
  in any other circumstance , shooting them is warranted , whether they are armed or not * . 
  * note that in some states you are `` supposed '' to attempt to flee before shooting , and can be theoretically charged for assault or murder for defending yourself . 
  these cases almost always generate a national shitstorm , and if the accused is found guilty , the sentence is typically overturned on appeal . 
  this is entirely true . 
  according to crime statistics on wikipedia ( which may or may not be accurate , but still ) , even if you eliminated all gun crimes from the us , it would * still * have a violent crime rate roughly on par with most of western europe . 
  guns are just our weapon of choice ; if they were to all disappear overnight you probably would n't see a drop in violent crime , you 'd see a spike in stabbings and bombings . 
  armed gangs breaking into houses and murdering/raping the inhabitants before robbing the place is incredibly rare . 
  most home invasions are done by people who are unarmed on houses they believe are unoccupied because they 're less likely to be attacked by the homeowners , and because carrying a weapon into a robbery carries a very stiff penalty if they get caught ( in most jurisdictions ) . 
  you 're getting your ideas about life in america from horror movies . 
  those are the national militaries of the various member states . 
  as far as i know , the eu itself has a couple of rapid action brigades which have a couple thousand soldiers , but that 's about it . 
  and while the combined armed forces of the eu member states are numerically large , they do n't function the same way as a united force . 
  it 's unclear how effectively they 'd be able to deploy if required to on short notice . 
  it was morally wrong , and in the context of war it was still wrong . 
  actions like this are more likely to create fifth columns than to contain them . 
  any saboteur worth his salt will be able to avoid getting caught up in mass incarceration/deportation , while the innocent people who are being disenfranchised will be completely justified if they respond with anger or violence . 
  theoretically yes , but doing so would be both political suicide , and utterly unnecessary . 
  it 's been said before , but killing funding for the military dramatically enough to actually damage the war effort is a completely unthinkable outcome . 
  even suggesting that we reduce military spending in peace time is pretty much unheard of . 
  cutting all funding while our soldiers are actually in the process of ** fighting the russians ** is about as likely as aliens fighting the russians for us . 
  any congressman actually suggesting it is likely to be impeached or murdered at the hands of his own constituency, 
  an anecdote is n't evidence . 
  the disparity between the american military and any other military on the planet is absurd ; literally no one can stand up against them in a conventional conflict . 
  iraq 's army was for keeping iran away , which worked pretty well . 
  how many of the countries in europe that still have conscription are actually likely to ever actually field them on the battlefield ? 
  i could certainly be mistaken , but it seems to me that most of the european countries which still have conscription are almost never in a situation in which they 'd be necessary, 
  oh yes , the foolish russians will soon come to regret their actions . 
  they shall be buried alive , crushed under the tremendous weight of european paper !, 
  their rivers shall flow black with ink !, 
  they will look upon their innumerable paper cuts , and they shall know despair . 
  only then will they understand the grave error they have made in daring to question the boundless soft power of the european union . 
  from what i can glean from context from this ... twitter message ( apparently ? 
  ) , it 's not even that silly of a statement . 
  it seems that he 's saying that the us created the sensationalist party-themed st. patrick 's day that we see today , not the actual holiday . 
  while this may or may not be true , because i 'm too lazy to look it up , it 's still nowhere near as absurd as the title claims . 
  you 're right , but for the wrong reasons . 
  the debt 's got nothing to do with it . 
  national debt does n't work like personal debt ; no country ever pays it . 
  even if they did , china only really owns a small portion of that debt . 
  most of it is owed to american citizens , and of the remaining foreign debt , most is owned by europe and japan . 
  the real reason they 'd never be able to pull it off is because they 've got nothing to gain but everything to lose . 
  we might be getting all of our cheap plastic crap and lead based paint from china , but there 's no reason we ca n't get it from elsewhere . 
  yes , it 'll be more expensive , but not prohibitively so . 
  but china ca n't get it 's money from elsewhere . 
  if we take our business elsewhere , they 're going to be shit out of luck . 
  even if they did somehow manage to bankrupt us , they 'd be coming down with us . 
  before everyone gets up in arms without reading the article , two things to consider . 
  one , she 's not even a politician anymore , she 's just some random nut now . 
  second , she is * not * actually advocating the use of nuclear weapons over ukraine ; she 's protesting the proposed military cutbacks . 
  she 's saying that obama has invited this crisis by looking weak . 
  russia does n't place any stock into the notion of `` soft power '' , and the only thing they really understand is force . 
  admittedly , it 's still a pretty ignorant stance to take , but the title is more than a bit misleading . 
  but using english might not really be all that pragmatic , because it does n't actually accomplish all that much . 
  they could be using a language which is only spoken by 1 % of the population , and it would n't matter for most people because anything he says would be translated into all the other languages being used in the eu . 
  yes , translation might cause a minor time delay which could be avoided by having everyone speak english , but really , how often are people in a position where they need to * immediately * know exactly what a government official is saying ? 
  the only people who would be affected by making english ( or any language ) an official language would be the upper level government officials when they talk to each other in real time . 
  even then though , if they 're actually doing their jobs and talking about important political matters , accuracy is probably more important than the convenience of a * lingua franka * , so using their native language might still be a better option . 
  besides , the anglosphere already gets a lot of flack about having a dominating global presence , and the eu gets a lot of flack about being detached from `` real '' european citizens . 
  mandating english as the official language would probably cause a lot of ( mostly unwarranted ) outcry , and just generally be more of a pain in the ass than it 's worth . 
  so much wasted paper . 
  think of the trees man !, 
  if a candidate for president in the us only spoke spanish , he would be unelectable , plain and simple . 
  the us does n't have an official language in the legal sense , but english is still the de facto official language . 
  if he did somehow get elected though , we 'd probably just use subtitles and interpreters . 
  this is not the case with the eu . 
  while lots of people `` understand '' english in the eu , at least in the conversational sense , it 's hardly a wide majority . 
  the eu is supposed to be promoting multiculturalism , so requiring leaders to speak in a language which only half of their population understands seems a bit silly . 
  well they can also give some funding . 
  they do n't pay for the whole movie or anything , but they can be persuaded to donate some cash as well as the material . 
  they treat it like an advertisement basically . 
  obviously , they do n't just hand the keys to a tank over or anything . 
  the dod sends over some equipment and operators , who then take direction from the film crew . 
  it happens surprisingly frequently . 
  you 're sort of right . 
  you do n't get money for having an american flag . 
  however , if you show the american government in a good light , you might get funding and equipment from the department of defense . 
  you could also go the canadian route , which networks have a government mandated quota for canadian content . 
  as for propaganda , i agree that it does n't always have to be considered negative , but the eu has a pretty unique problem with it because no one can agree on what the eu is actually supposed to * be * ( just read the united states of europe threads ) .
