  i was kind of pissed at the time , but now that i 'm older i ca n't really blame them . 
  they explained to me that it was a fine for wasting valuable resources that could have been used on a real emergency . 
  if i had just been more responsible and had my gun on me at the time , i could have handled the situation myself . 
  fortunately there was no other emergency going on at the time , but my recklessness easily could have cost some innocent person their life . 
  i 've lived in the us my whole life and i 've only been shot twice . 
  stop being such a baby . 
  i would n't quite say that . 
  true , gazprom is taking about a 10 % hit by selling to china instead of europe , but on the other hand they appear to be locked in for the next 30 years . 
  in today 's day and age , 30 years is a long time . 
  maybe in 10 years europe will be importing most of its fossil fuels from north america . 
  maybe there will be a breakthrough in alternative energy sources and they wo n't need fossil fuels at all . 
  with this deal it seems that russia has found a guaranteed buyer for a product with a potentially unstable future . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's the sun rising over europe . 
  sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, 
  get out from under america 's thumb , improve defense situation , increase european nationalism , give eu foreign policy teeth . 
  that 's all well and good , but you still do n't answer the fundamental questions of * how * it 's supposed to work . 
  everyone knows what the potential benefits would be , but you fail to address the actual debate on the subject . 
   he claims that a swedish politician was convicted of hate speech for connecting islam with high incidents of rapes . 
  is that really true ( and not talking about the rapes , but the conviction of the politician ? ), 
  if we 're talking about the same person , it was just a fine he received for making an offensive facebook post , and the reasons that the courts gave where really based more on technicalities ; he did n't cite his source , so it was deemed intentional misinformation . 
  it still seems pretty idiotic and repressive , but it 's nowhere near as bad as implied . 
   i mean , in the usa you have that crazy southern baptist church but do n't think their leaders are being arrested for voicing their bigoted opinion . 
  the westboro baptist church ( who are n't actually baptist ) are a small cult which makes a living off of being provocative and suing people who attack them . 
  they 're about 2 dozen random assholes who are completely irrelevant , not politicians , so they 're not in any position to potentially enact any of their stupid ideas . 
  i admit it 's a double standard , but politicians probably should be held to a higher standard . 
   and how about the stuff where he says that a law was enacted where it is criminalized if you criticize immigration ? 
  but it was n't enacted . 
  every country in the world winds up with laws that are basically fascist , because in many countries just about any random crackpot can submit them . 
  alternatively , they get created by politicians as protests ; in this case , i 'm guessing someone was pissed off about a recent immigration ruling , so he sarcastically said `` why do n't we just make criticism illegal ? '', 
  the baltics are n't undefended because nato is weak , they 're just indefensible . 
  it cuts both ways though ; if russia ever tried to take them they would n't fair very well in repelling a counterattack . 
  you 've still got the strategic mime reserve , right ? 
  that 's something, 
  there 's not really any one document that explains all the things that the federal government is or can be in charge of . 
  the constitution sets the framework , but over the past 200 years things have been reinterpreted and modified so many times that you 'd have to look through all sorts of documents can court cases . 
  that said , the states do have some protections , both constitutional and otherwise . 
  they 're sort of vague though , and again have been filtered through 200 years of legislation . 
  it pretty much boils down to `` if the states are already regulating it , it 'll stay that way '' . 
  i suppose their biggest defense though is simply that the feds are really busy , and do n't want to rock the boat too much . 
  states and private interests can and do sue the federal government all the time , so unless the issue is actually seen as important , the feds often stay away to avoid stepping on toes . 
  that 's not to say that the local governments are n't important . 
  local governments often have a much more direct impact on your daily life than the feds do , but they 're still typically just working within the frameworks that have been set upon them by the higher ups . 
  you 've got a little room to maneuver , but the boundries are still generally set by the feds . 
  i ca n't really comment on if the levels of influence are greater or less than in germany or switzerland though . 
  finally , the growth hormones and things of that nature * are * regulated by the federal government . 
  the commerce clause is really the silver bullet of the american government . 
  it can be adapted to damn near everything . 
  the difference in regulations between states is a complicated topic that 's really hard to simplify because of the sheer number of regulations that exist on everything . 
  in general though , the federal government generally sets a minimum regulation on a topic , and then states can then go above and beyond that call . 
  for example , there is a federally mandated minimum wage , but each state has the option of then seeing their own higher minimum . 
  that happens on lots of things . 
  even in areas where the government does n't `` officially '' legislate on a subject , it can coerce states to do what it wants . 
  even though the federal minimum drinking age is 18 , every state in the union has opted to set their drinking age to 21 , because if they do n't they 'll get their highway budgets slashed . 
  as for why eu politicians are determined to teach people that nations are bad , it 's for job security . 
  they work for the eu , and the biggest obstacle for a stronger eu is nationalism , so it 's in their best interest to try and break down the strength of nationalism . 
   can washington determine what fruits have to look like , can it ban things like edison 's light bulb , can it determine in what range the states ' sales taxes have to be , can it declare the death penalty illegal ? 
  yes , yes , potentially , and yes . 
  that it * has n't * done these things does not mean that it lacks the authority to do so . 
  literally any issue which involves the flow of money or goods across state borders can be leglislated upon by the feds , and it often is . 
  you 're focusing on some really narrow topics . 
  if you want to see how much pull that the federal government has over state governments , look up the staggering number of laws passed by congress , or the thousands of supreme court decisions . 
  washington is involved in a * massive * way at the local level . 
  as for the claim that washington was historically supposed to have limited power , that 's true , but also 150 years out of date . 
  the civil war unquestionably cemented the idea that the federal government was in charge , and that the states were only free to regulate things that the feds were n't doing . 
  also , slightly off topic , but i 'm pretty sure that fruit thing was a myth . 
  at least once a month , someone posts a link about common `` euromyths '' . 
  even if it 's not , the american federal government has its own massive share of fairly ridiculous laws . 
  did you know that in the us , pizza and tomatoes are officially a vegetables because of congressional vote ? 
  washington most certainly could ban edison 's old light build or decide what fruit has to look like . 
  the commerce clause has been given such a broad definition that the federal government can get involved in just about any debate at any level if it was ever so inclined . 
  where exactly are you getting the idea that washington does less internally than brussels does ? 
  fundamentally , the eu * ca n't * be organized or function like the us does , because america is a country , while the eu is a collection of countries working together for a disputed purpose . 
  washington is much more powerful in just about every area than brussels , and american states do n't have anywhere near the level of sovereignty that european countries do . 
  as long as the countries within the eu want to remain as their own countries , the eu will never resemble the us . 
  you seem to be mixing a few contradictory ideas with your proposal . 
  the idea that brussels legislates more than washington is a little silly , and `` functions and foreign politics '' are anything but basic concepts . 
  also , how do you go about having a united military and foreign policy , but less centralization and legislation ? 
  finally , your politicians were n't `` fools '' because they did n't try to develop along the same path as the us , they just had a completely different goal . 
  the eu simply is n't a nation yet . 
  most people in britain consider themselves british first and european second . 
  it 's the same in france , and in germany , and in italy , and basically everywhere else . 
   is peace good for europe ? 
  yes . 
  / thread the last couple of wars which happened in europe were n't exactly kind to european nations . 
  they resulted in the deaths of millions of people , widespread economic collapse , and the loss of a massive amount of imperial territory . 
  i 'd say that the last 6 decades of peace was probably preferable . 
  immigration has been pretty good for america 's cultural identity, 
   48 percent of swiss believe it is probably true that `` jews are more loyal to israel than to switzerland '' do we know if this question refers to all jews , or just jews living in switzerland ? 
  if it 's just what people think about jewish people living in the country , i can kind of see why it could be considered antisemitic ; nearly half the country is accusing them of being disloyal based on ethnic/religious reasons . 
  but if the question is asking about jewish people in general , then the answer is obviously `` no shit '' . 
  a jew who is n't swiss does n't have any reason to be loyal to switzerland at all . 
  i know full well that it 's an absurd idea . 
  if you bothered to read my first comment instead of being an asshole , that was my * exact * point . 
  it was just a soundbite by some guy who did n't know what he was talking about , and i was explaining why . 
  take your smug self-satisfaction elsewhere . 
  oh , i 'm not saying that there would be * no * consequences of course . 
  it 's entierly resonable that the uk would no longer have access to most of the `` club activities '' . 
  my main point was that op 's last question `` will the e.u. 
  make a decision to stop the u.k. benefiting , at all costs , in order to keep the e.u.
