  there is no way russia is going to attack any of the states that are actually * in * nato . 
  sending in troops to `` protect '' them right now is a mostly symbolic gesture , so they 're debating if allaying the ( unfounded but historically understandable ) fears of the eastern nato members is worth the actual cost of deploying soldiers . 
  it 's allied , but * friendly * might not be the right word to use . 
  it 's an alliance of convenience , an enemy of my enemy sort of deal . 
  politically and culturally , saudi arabia is in direct opposition with the western world , and in saudi arabia there is more than a bit of support for a number of causes which are pretty extreme . 
  star wars , not space wars . 
  the star wars program was a proposed missile defense system during the regan years . 
  the basic idea was to create a satellite system which would fire lasers at icbms to destroy them before they got close to the us . 
  if the program worked , it would completely circumvent mad , so the russians were forced to spend a fortune to try and catch up , let the us develop an unchallenged first strike capability . 
  trying to bridge the gap collapsed the soviet union . 
  the sdi program ( star wars was a pop culture name ) was completely impossible though , it was a complete bluff . 
  so the soviets tanked their economy on a bluff . 
  that 's the story we hear in the us a lot at least . 
  ronald reagan has achieved an almost mythological status in some circles here . 
  the ussr had lots of problems with it , so it 's difficult to say how much star wars played into it . 
  maybe it was just the straw the broke the camels back , or maybe it was just coincidence . 
  what else would the sub talk about ? 
  the eu is a political and economic entity , so pretty much any news about the eu is going to be at least partially political . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with you . 
  just because a lot of the comments are absurd , it does n't mean that they 're all artificial . 
  the internet is the home of insane conspiracy theories , gross misinformation , and general asshattery . 
  ukraine is a polarizing subject , so it only stands to reason that people get up in arms about it , even if they 're not really expressing logically sound reasoning . 
  russia invades internet to protect russian comment scores . 
  actively spreading propaganda , or just uniformed ? 
  you decide . 
  but to the point . 
  1 : the us has no desire to station troops in ukraine . 
  this entire situation is viewed as a mess in america , and there 's no consolidated opinion on the matter , but it 's agreed pretty much everywhere that we are n't interested in fighting in ukraine . 
  2 : there is n't much risk of their being military conflict with germany or japan , but there most certainly * is * a risk of military conflict * in * those countries or in their immediate areas . 
  japan has standing conflicts with both north korea and china , and the us is obligated to come to their defense in the event of conflict . 
  the bases in germany wre more pressing during the cold war , when the iron curtain came down in the middle of the country , but they still fulfill the same purpose today ; keeping russia at bay . 
  seeing as russia * just * annexed the territory of a sovereign nation in the region , it 's probably a wise decision . 
  various nato members in eastern europe have called for aid , and germany would probably be the staging ground before heading further east . 
  as for the `` nazi junta '' and the rest of that crap , i have nothing to say . 
  it 's blatant lies , and if you 're unwilling to accept the truth , there 's nothing i 'm going to be able to say to change your mind . 
  the article is kind of idiotic . 
  his explanation of why nato needs to look strong ( to make up for failing to keep russia out of crimea ) , is pointless ; there was never any reasonable expectation for nato to keep russia out . 
  even if we take the claim at face value though , the author shoots himself in the foot not a paragraph later . 
   '' us secretary of state , john kerry , stated after his talks with russia 's foreign minister , sergei lavrov , that russia had withdrawn a battalion from the area near the border with ukraine . 
  in other words , the trend was for de-escalation -- to use western diplomats ' term of the moment -- rather than the opposite . '', 
  this ** portrays the strength of nato ** . 
  russia did something we did n't like , we warned them to back off , and they did . 
  whether the reason for the supposed withdrawl was actually out of deference to nato , or just because they really were just removing troops after a scheduled exercise is irrelevant , it makes the west look good , and russia bad . 
  i 'd buy that russia would want to keep troops there in order to hold up the illusion that they are powerful , but nato has no such need . 
  the sooner the russians back down , the better for nato . 
   parliament hosted freestyle hip hop battle to get young eu voters interested in the upcoming european elections i do n't know if this makes me happy or sad, 
  no , you 've got the situation all wrong . 
  we invaded afghanistan so that we could get a handle on the opium production market . 
  so much of our money is hemorrhaging out of the country , going to south american dealers . 
  we needed our own product to combat the cartels . 
  got ta keep our business local . 
  according to that list , somalia 's got it 's shit together apparently . 
  it 's even lower than canada . 
  who knew ? 
  well , i do n't think we can join due to legal complications on the american side . 
  aside from being utterly unthinkable , it may or may not actually be * illegal * for the american government to cede the necessary amount of sovereignty over to the eu . 
  even if they asked us in , and there was n't an immediate rebellion , the deal would still probably go the way of the league of nations . 
  if the public is not behind you , it * becomes * a practical problem . 
  and of course , this is overlooking the issues it might cause with the united states ; canada benefits a lot more from it 's relationship with the us than it does the eu . 
  unless of course you 're talking about letting the us join the eu too , though that brings with it a whole new slew of issues . 
  perhaps because canada values it 's sovereignty ? 
  i doubt they 've rallied against becoming the 51st state in the us just to become the 29th in a more federalized eu . 
  not sure if trolling, 
  is estonia worth a war ? 
  yes . 
  nato member . 
  next question . 
  how do anglo-americans profit from this exactly ? 
  the us is getting sucked into a land dispute that it wants nothing to do with . 
  the american people are already weary from the last half dozen or so disputes we 've been involved with , and there are many people in both the public and government that would much prefer that this stay a european affair . 
  there 's no way that this is going to scare putin into pulling back and returning the occupied crimea to ukraine . 
  it 's a show of solidarity for the nations of eastern europe , many of which have officially requested support from the us out of fear of russian aggression . 
  the best case scenario is that we piss off russia , germany , and segments of western europe while relieving the eastern europeans . 
  the worst case is that this spirals into a war with russia , which is going to be very costly ( though even more so for russia ) . 
  that 's hardly a win-win in my book . 
  i understand why they 're doing it , but it makes me a little wary to be honest . 
  it seems to be a crackdown on freedom of expression . 
  as long as demonstrations are peaceful , i see no reason why people should not be allowed to demonstrate . 
  if they use violence , that 's a different story of course . 
  of course , i have no idea about what ukrainian expectations on freedom of expression are , nor am i sure if the legislation is actually as strict as this article claims . 
  it 's just a kneejerk reaction on my part . 
  but again , you can say the same thing about american states . 
  an attack on california will be treated as an attack on the us , which is an attack on luxembourg . 
  true , it 's a step removed , but the outcome is the same . 
  and this example is a little odd , because in this case , the relevance still is n't coming from the fact that a * country * is being attacked , the importance is that * many * countries are counting the action as an attack . 
  so in this context , americans just need to know where western europe is , and europeans just need to know where america is . 
  i will agree with you that neither side is in a position to point fingers though . 
  i 'm not really looking to pick one side as more ignorant than the other , i was just trying to explain that sovereignty is n't * necessarily * a critical factor when talking about political importance . 
  do n't be silly . 
  corn does n't have feelings . 
   what about luxembourg ? 
  it 's regularly in the news because it has substantially different finance laws to its neighbours , something that could only be done because it 's a sovereign country . 
  i ca n't actually remember the last time i saw new york in the news , certainly not when it affected canada for example . 
  wall street has been accused to collapsing the * global economy * , both in the recent global crisis , and during the great depression ( note that the accusations are of questionable value , but they are frequently leveled ) . 
  american finance regulation has massive outcomes on the economies of most countries . 
   non-us media really does n't care about us states because they are a small part of the larger us . 
  they do n't have any relevance to other countries , it 's purely us internal politics . 
  that 's why most europeans do n't know and do n't need to know where us states are . 
  that 's my point though , the same thing applies to most european states . 
  for the most part , their relevance is tied almost completely to the regional level .
