  russia and china are in the mix , so it 'd make sense . 
  i think you 're right in that terminology is a really big deal . 
  there are a lot of subtle differences in how the language is used , which i did n't even realize was an issue until i went to england and ran into it firsthand . 
  when you 're talking about the heritage thing in the us , a lot of the identity is n't actually supposed to relate to europeans , it 's supposed to foster community with other * americans * . 
  it 's immigrants finding community with other immigrants , not people from the old country . 
  especially in casual speech , no one ever bothers to clarify that they are identifying as xxxx-american . 
  in the us , everyone is `` just '' french , or irish , or chinese . 
  if you 're speaking english without too much issue , it 'll be assumed that you mean xxxx-american . 
  if you 've got an really pronounced accent or something you 'll then get the stupid sounding question `` so are you , like , french french ? '', 
  or `` you 're actually from spain ? '', 
  while there certainly are some people in the us who think that having some sort of heritage makes them identical to people who are actually living in that country , they 're in the minority . 
  if , for example , you 're irish , and talking to an american who tells you that he 's also irish , all he 's really doing is trying to find common ground . 
  they 're kind of expecting you to come back with something along the lines of `` oh that 's cool , my uncle used to live in the us , '' or `` my brother went to school in new york '' or something like that . 
  they know it 's not the same , they 're just excited to meet someone new , and are trying to be inclusive . 
  admittedly , the gesture might be a bit misplaced , and i can definitely see how it might get tiring if you hear it all the time . 
  but i ca n't really wrap my head around the hostility you run into sometimes . 
  if i was in europe and someone told me that they were american because their grandfather lived in america , i 'd be pretty ok with it . 
  kind of confused because the interaction is the compete oppose from usual , but not offended . 
  yes , it does . 
  yeah , a prediction is impossible . 
  people have been predicting the death of the eu since it began , while other people have been swearing up and down that any second now it 's going to pick up the mantle of global superpower . 
  any answers you get are going to speak more to the personal political beliefs of the poster than any sort of real metric about the life of the eu . 
  to actually throw my two cents in though , i 'd say that the eu is less stable than most of the individual countries that make it up , but that 's about it . 
  i do n't expect that it will be going anywhere anytime soon . 
  could you clarify a bit ? 
  if you 're asking for a prediction , that 's pretty much impossible . 
  if you want to know how old it is though , that 's a different question , and depends really heavily on specific definitions . 
  a man is a man , nothing more . 
  in my opinion ( which is certainly open for debate ) , influence is something which is really granted by other people . 
  jesus only matters because his cult got big enough to get picked up by the roman empire . 
  plato is only influential because people read his work and decided to run with it . 
  even a national leader like napoleon would just be some dude with a nice hat if soldiers did n't rally around him . 
  you do highlight an interesting point though . 
  `` importance '' is kind of a difficult concept to nail down , especially when you 're trying to rank people . 
  for example , i 'm sure that many people would agree that stalin was important . 
  but the ussr would not have existed without communism . 
  does this mean that marx is more important than stalin ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i know that this will get me even more downvotes , but i just do n't think that winston churchill is quite as important as the others . 
  hitler is ( arguably ) the genisis for ww2 , so he sticks . 
  truman dropped the atomic bomb , and stalin was responsible for really consolidating power in the ussr , so i 'd consider truman and stalin as two sides of the same cold war coin ( not to mention that the ussr was much more important to winning in europe than any of the other allies ) . 
  honestly , i 'd actually be willing to take roosevelt * out * of the list for the same reason i did n't add churchill . 
  they 're both obviously very important figures , but i just do n't think that they had an impact on the future the same way that the other three did though . 
  op never said that they had to be european though , he said that they had to be important to european history . 
  you do n't have to be from a specific geographic area to have an impact on it . 
  hitler was n't german , but he was pretty important to german history ( inb4goodwin ), 
  chopping it down to just five is really hard for individual time periods . 
  working with all of history is even tougher . 
  so , in only partial order ... 1 : jesus 2 : julius caesar 3 : adolph hitler/joseph stalin/franklin roosevelt/harry truman ( ww2 was kind of a big deal , so take your pick of a leader ) 4 : napoleon 5 : martin luther jesus is on the top of the list , no question . 
  even if you disagree with christianity , and even if jesus himself never actually existed , christianity has probably been the single most important advent in the western world . 
  i 'd say caesar is probably a close rival , though i 'm giving the edge to jesus for having a more direct impact on the modern world . 
  aside from those two though , there are literally thousands of people you could throw in , all with massive amounts of justification behind them . 
  a commission finds that `` possibly '' 400 french citizens have gone to syria . 
  government official inflates that figure 25 % . 
  news article talks about 3 confirmed cases . 
  i think you 're getting a few too many international relations lessons from polandball . 
  not that i disapprove . 
  you are right in that there is a general frustration in the us about the lack of unity in the eu , but that 's not the real problem when it comes to ukraine . 
  the real problem is that , while most sides agree that what russia did was bad , no one actually cares enough to do much about it . 
  pissing off russia too much just is n't worth the hassle . 
  i mean , it would n't be world war 3 , or even a crashed economy , but especially because of all the fossil fuels that russia is pumping out to the west , it could at least be a big inconvenience . 
  and what does saving ukraine get us ? 
  at best , we get a warm fuzzy feeling for helping the ukrainians out , at worst we get sucked into a civil war . 
  it 's a lot of risk , for very little reward . 
  as for your question , if the us or the eu was n't around , the eu or the us would probably just keep doing what it was already doing . 
  halfhearted sanctions , and strongly worded letters . 
  maybe the us would apply some slightly harsher sanctions if it did n't have to worry about the opinion of the eu , but that would really be the limit . 
  even giving ukraine weapons is an unpopular idea , and military action is out of the question . 
   i hope someone from the us has a good laugh with this . 
  sorry to break it to you , but he 's sort of in the right . 
  diversity in the us and diversity in europe are two very different beasts . 
  in the us , we 've got a lot of internal subdivisions , but almost everyone still identifies themselves as americans first and foremost . 
  in addition , everyone agrees on the political status of the us , and there 's not much question about the legitimacy of the federal government . 
  you get a few nutcases like in the bundy fiasco , but for 99.9 % of the country , the feds are in charge , period . 
  europe and the eu are different though . 
  there really is n't much of a `` european '' nationality . 
  very few people consider themselves to be european before being french , or british . 
  in addition , there is n't much of a consensus on what the eu is really supposed to be . 
  hell , there are outright secessionist movements in the eu , which frankly has no real analogue with the political situation within the us . 
  ** murica !, 
  ** poles are `` stereotyped '' as being kind of dumb , and pretty backwards . 
  it 's why poland is upside down in that other sub , who 's name i dare not speak . 
  i say `` stereotyped '' though because i 've honestly never even met anyone who actually has this viewpoint . 
  if we 're talking about polish people who just moved to the us from poland , then they get hit with a generic eastern european attitude . 
  if they 've been here for a generation or two , they 're just white people . 
  that 's not really true though . 
  the us started * using * its power once europe started falling , but it 's been around since the mid 1800s . 
  during the american civil war , the nation went from a military backwater , to having the * two * biggest armies on the planet before dissolving them . 
  by the early 1900s , the us had a significantly larger economic and industrial output than any nation in the world , and most of europe put together . 
  today , europe is almost universally seen in the us as a free rider , using our military to subsidize their own social programs ( though this claim is frankly a bit overblown , but that 's a different story ) . 
  while losing out status as the most important military figure in europe would damage our influence there , no one really cares because europe is usually aligned with our interests anyway . 
  however , relations are much colder with much of asia , and china in particular is a concern . 
  it 's much more important to have influence over there . 
  we * want * to leave europe behind because the orient is the next frontier . 
  edit : social programs , not social problems . 
  to be fair , the argument could be made that the relative peacefulness of europe is more due to the cold war and the loss of colonial empires than to the various treaties which built up to the eu . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to prove though . 
  porn , the international language . 
  oh , now i see where you 're coming from . 
  in this instance , you are correct , it is practically impossible to have a constructive conversation with someone who disagrees on a purely ideological point .
