  what some people consider to be a glorious depiction of european activities will be considered offensive by others . 
  until the eu can actually decide what it 's practical purpose should be , it 's going to be difficult to advertise itself effectively . 
  and lets not forget that the decline of europe as the global economic and political center started well before the creation of the eu . 
  by the late 1800s the us was already industrializing enough to rival most of the european nations . 
  by the end of world war 2 the traditional european powers were completely eclipsed by america and the ussr . 
  while you can debate specific dates , the period where europe was the unquestioned dominant force in the world lasted from the early 1700s to the early 1900s , 200 years , at best . 
  i think that the lack of anger at russia over spying is because people expect it of them . 
  the us is supposed to be a friend of europe , so spying on them is offensive . 
  but russia is different . 
  20 years ago it seemed somewhat plausible that the ussr was giving serious consideration to killing everyone in the world with nuclear missiles . 
  if all they 're up to now is some wiretapping , it does n't seem so bad . 
  as for why snowden decided to go to russia , one explanation is that it was one of the few places in the world that he could be sure would not turn him over to the us . 
  some of the european states might be publically offering to take him in now , but he had no way of knowing that at the time ; after all , he knew that many of the same european governments were actually working with the us on the spying program . 
  or if you 're feeling cynical , he went to russia because he thought that the russian government would be willing to buy some secrets from him . 
  take your pick . 
  -  americans -  losing weight hungarian google is broken . 
  we do want a death star though . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  american companies invest billions of dollars on r&d on a daily basis . 
  spending a couple billion on a new method of energy production is a pretty sound investment , given how big the market is . 
  honestly , i seriously doubt anyone would care . 
  i 've seen things like that done here without much in the ways of controversy . 
  i ca n't read the article . 
  is it a literal minefield , or are they just sowing dissent ? 
  i think that 's a little excessive . 
  it 's true that the majority of european governments ( and a lot of their citizens ) are complete hypocrites in the areas of espionage and security . 
  in the same breath that they criticize the us for spying , the funnel data about their own citizens to the nsa . 
  they rely almost entirely on the us for defense , refuse to take responsibility for anything , and then sneer at us for being warmongers . 
  but that 's just politics . 
  it 's universal , you take credit for things you had no hand in , and when you fail you shift the blame onto another party . 
  it happens in europe , it happens in asia , it happens in america . 
  i do n't doubt for a second that we 'd be acting the same way if our roles were reversed . 
  more importantly though , if we did just pull out of europe completely , it 's not western europe that would suffer , at least not for years down the road . 
  what does , say , belgium , care about the us leaving ? 
  there 's just no way for russia or china to get to them without going to war with a half dozen other states first . 
  what leaving europe would do though is hurt the states of eastern europe . 
  these states , often former soviet republics ( or at least states that have first-hand experience with soviet tyranny ) , took a big risk after the end of the cold war by looking to the west for support . 
  they actually bought the line that the us stands for things like freedom and justice . 
  so what if poland has n't actually hit the 2 % defense spending minimum for nato ? 
  at least they 're trying . 
  the eastern members of nato really stuck their necks out by siding with us . 
  even if their leaders viewed the choice as a cheap way to subsidize their military , their citizens deserve better . 
  finally , even with western europe , we 've still got more similarities than differences . 
  no , we do n't agree on everything , and yes , there have been some pretty serious breaches of trust coming from both sides . 
  but even if we do n't agree on the specifics , we 've got common cause in democracy , human rights , and prosperity . 
  even if we do n't agree on the specific details of much of anything , it 's still a link which is tighter than that which is shared between most other states . 
  you know who ate sugar ? 
  sugar is a nazi population control device . 
  seriously , articles like this are sensationalist fluff , without any sort of leg to stand on . 
  the stasi were n't bad because they collected metadata . 
  the problem was all the kidnappings , murders , and other minor things of that nature . 
  note that i 'm not saying that what the nsa does is good , legal , necessary , and so on . 
  but comparing the nsa to the stasi based on their use of metadata is the same as comparing churchill to hitler because they both ate sugar . 
  of the massive list of shortcomings you could use as a basis for critique , this is not one of them . 
  it 's working out pretty well for the us . 
  life in the us is a hell of a lot closer to norway than it is to china . 
  even if it was n't though , the situation is still a lot more complicated than `` big = bad '' . 
  most of the other states you mentioned can trace most of their problems to sources other than having large populations ; massive criminal organizations , institutionalized corruption , spending centuries having all of their resources siphoned off by colonial powers , having borders arbitrarily assigned causing disagreement between nation and state , and a few other minor issues . 
  having one babysitter watch 100 kids is a nightmare , but seeing as the eu has more cash than the rest of those states put together , it could afford to hire more babysitters . 
  would turning the eu into the use be a perfect solution ? 
  obviously not . 
  would it even be a good solution ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  you 'd probably see life get better for the former countries on the lower end of the spectrum , while it 'd tank for the former states up at the top . 
  where the balance would be though is impossible to know . 
  maybe things get a little worse in germany , but get a lot better in greece . 
  or maybe it swings the other way , and the whole continent winds really bottom heavy . 
  in any event , just making life better for everyone across the board is basically impossible . 
  integration brings with it a number of problems , but also at least gives the possibilities of benefits , which have already been covered pretty extensively elsewhere in this thread . 
  either way , the issue is a lot deeper than people just wanted to proclaim themselves king of the hill . 
  the chair is actually still legally acceptable in a few states . 
  according to wikipedia , someone was electrocuted just last year . 
  the last hanging was in 1996 . 
  however , you are probably right about popular perception being against those methods . 
  i 'd be shocked to see either of those expand . 
  if i had to wager a guess , i 'd say that firing squad would be the new method of choice . 
  it 's cheap , quick to do , and does n't require any computations . 
  and most importantly , it 's not unusual . 
  we shoot people all the time . 
  this of course assumes that the us wo n't just start making the drugs domestically . 
  though given that america does n't actually execute that many people ( it 's averaged about 40 people a year , which is a lot bigger than europe , but still ) i ca n't imagine that it would make much economic sense to do so . 
  that 's why you got ta buy it all now . 
  prices are going to spike , and once they do you sell off your stock . 
  that way you 'll have the money you need to build your tea bunker, 
  it 's an opinion you have as a knee-jerk reaction , not one you 've formed over time in response to reasonable questioning . 
  it honestly shows up a lot in emotionally charged or political issues . 
  in this case , the eu scares or offends them , but they ca n't articulate why . 
  it 's based on half remembered speeches , advertisements , and the general atmosphere where they live . 
  but they also have n't bothered to look into things deeply enough to actually confirm their fears , so the best they can come up with is something along the lines of `` i do n't like the eu , because the eu is bad '' . 
  lem me just jump in here before the bandwagon gets moving like it did over at the worldnews sub . 
  the us did not in any way threaten russia about their involvement in ukraine . 
  rice warned the russians that sending in troops would cause more problems than solutions , and that it would hinder keeping the country in once piece ( which both the us and russia at least nominally claim to support ) . 
  it 's made from a russian dictator . 
  pretty tough . 
  not very tasty . 
  you 'd be much better off with burgers . 
  is n't there a process he can use to be legally disinherited ? 
  it was put in place , at least nominally , to protect people ( generally always women ) who are forced into sex slavery . 
  the idea gets tossed around here on a semi regular basis whenever the topic of prostitution laws pop up . 
  when a guy is the prostitute and the woman is paying for it , she goes to jail .
