  the telegraph hyperbolized the headline to make it more provocative . 
  is russia really a threat to sweden or finland though ? 
  they might not officially be a part of nato , but the fact that they 're in the eu means that for all practical purposes they 're under the nato umbrella . 
  i seriously doubt that the eu would just sit by as one or two of their members got invaded , and if any of the nato eu members got involved , they could potentially drag the rest of nato into the conflict . 
  even if that outcome is n't assured , it 's probably good enough to make russia look for easier targets . 
  now , as an american i am legally obligated to say that everyone in europe should join nato , and that all of you freeloading commies should up your military expenditure by 400 % . 
  but if we 're being level here , it seems to me that finland and sweden get the benefits without the drawbacks . 
  what would be the point in changing that ? 
  russia will no longer allow american astronauts to hitch a ride on their rockets to the iss . 
  that 's not quite the same as russia bans the us from the iss . 
  i 'm actually kind of happy about this . 
  maybe this will cause nasa to get some more funding , or breath some new life into the spacex dragon or something . 
  if they did promise blowjobs for voting , voter participation would be way up . 
  seems like a good strategy to me . 
  i wish our advertisements were this awesome . 
  shit america , get it together . 
  not anymore !, 
  crisis averted . 
  ... sorry , i 'll show myself out . 
  percentage of gdp that goes to military spending is n't a good metric to use when it comes to force . 
  if the us only spent 0.1 % of gdp on the military , it would still be the most well expensive military in the world . 
  greece spending more of its gdp than much of europe , but its economy is also smaller . 
  greece is n't inconsequential , but i would n't call it anything other than middle of the pack at best . 
  that 's not totally true . 
  there were n't any more bombs after nagasaki , but a few more were available within a couple of weeks . 
  as long as the us kept up the * illusion * that they had enough to wipe out the ussr , it might have been good enough . 
  as for the ussr developing their own , that 's just absurd . 
  as some other people have pointed out , it took them years to develop their own nuclear program , which only really got off the ground with stolen research . 
  that 's the joke, 
  if a third party tried to annex the territory , they would come into dispute with all the states which were already claiming the territory . 
  it theoretically could happen , but why would anyone bother ? 
  they can take whatever they want from anyone who does n't have a strong backer . 
  countries with strong ties to the us , eu , china , and so on are probably safe , while countries like ukraine are out in the lurch . 
  this title is n't sensationalist at all . 
  but i guess `` german government hires american law experts to see if they 're breaking american law and what potential legal risks this might entail '' does n't sound quite as impressive . 
  german and russia could n't have invaded poland if poland did n't exist . 
  clearly , this means it is poland 's fault . 
  if poland did n't insist on being a country , none of this would have happened / s, 
  i doubt it would change things that much . 
  when they were making threats about dropping the us credit rating a few people lost their minds , but when it actually happened , there was a collective `` meh '' and the world kept on spinning . 
  i do n't think you 'd see a serious impact unless finland dropped from aaa all the way down to bbb or something drastic like that . 
  leeds uni , making the cut . 
  suck it met !, 
  that 's also true . 
  and of course , they took down nazi tyranny just to replace it with soviet tyranny . 
  i 'm not really defending the soviet union here , i just think we should call a spade a spade . 
  the situation in western europe would have been much worse without the ussr , and things in eastern europe would have sucked regardless of who won . 
  it would most certainly be hard to suggest that people start learning other languages . 
  well , suggesting is easy , but getting people to * listen * to the suggestion would be the hard part . 
  forcing people to learn a language that they have no interest in simply to cater to people who are unhappy about the dominance of english would probably piss off a lot of people . 
  because not enough people speak french , and no one speaks esperanto . 
  english is the lingua franka because a lot of people happen to speak it already , that 's all . 
  putin 's basically a fascist himself , but he 's not wrong . 
  the soviets really did do the overwhelming majority of the fighting in the european theater ( africa and the pacific are different stories ) . 
  the soviets probably would n't have won without the massive material assistance coming in from the us lend-lease program , or without the existence of the western front which kept about a fifth of the nazi troops occupied , but i ca n't really find it in myself to say that a country which did 80 % of the fighting and dying did n't win . 
  ah , that makes things a lot clearer . 
  thanks for the info . 
  lots of calls , but i wonder about the results . 
  the article says that there 's been a couple dozen `` relevant '' reports , but what does that mean ? 
  also , does anyone know if you have to leave your own personal information when you call people in ? 
  if not , this sort of seems like it might be pretty open for abuse . 
  doing stuff is hard , we do n't want that . 
  we 're staying with canada and australia !, 
  while no one can really deny that the first world war was a pretty serious blow for europe , i 'd argue that the second world war was the real point where europe was truly eclipsed . 
  lots of people died in wwi , and the economy was badly damaged , but much of the prestige remained . 
  britain and france ( for example ) might not have been as rich as america , but they were still viewed as the global superpowers , and still retained their empires . 
  but that all changed with the end of ww2 . 
  the old guard of europe had been completely eclipsed by the americans and the soviet union , while overseas territories were mostly lost . 
  wwi might have turned the states of western europe into vestigial empires , but wwii dropped the empire part entirely . 
  i 'll also ignore the `` pseudo-culture '' thing , because it 's just pretentious nonsense . 
  it also implies that the states of europe have stopped producing their own cultural milestones , which is wrong too . 
  war 's been really expensive , and we do n't have much to show for it . 
  resources could be better allocated if they were shifted away from dealing with drugs . 
  legalizing could have numerous social and economic benefits like lower crime rates , less crowded prisons , more controlled usage , money going to local producers instead of cartels , and increased tax revenues, 
  honestly , i do n't think any good things have come from the war on drugs . 
  while i ca n't say that i approve of most drugs , all the prohibition has really done is empower south american cartels . 
  it 's just not worth it . 
  and of course , that 's * before * you get into the economic arguments in favor of legalization , such as safer local production and increased tax revenues . 
  is n't germany also europe 's biggest producer ? 
  it seems kind of like an unfair comparison . 
   not true , you know damn well it can be closed within days . 
  they could close it in the next five minutes if they just shot everyone there . 
  what you said is technically true , but totally irrelevant . 
  the prisoners are staying there until they die , or obama can find another place to put them outside of public view , but still under american watch . 
   oh that 's so nice of you < 3 , better torture them to death while they are your guests !, 
  i 'm not the one doing it . 
  i did n't say it was right . 
  but that 's the reality of the situation . 
  you can drop the ad hominem . 
   if they were pows would n't it make it illegal to torture them ? 
  the argument that the government gives is that they 're not protected under international law because of their conduct . 
  they intentionally attack civilians and do n't wear demarcated uniforms , so they 're not afforded the protections of the geneva convention . 
  honestly , this is probably true . 
  not that it matters . 
  international law is just a suggestion , it 's got no teeth . 
  the problem though is that the conduct of the wardens is still forbidden by * american * law , so what 's going on there is still illegal . 
  they get around this by saying that american law does n't apply because gitmo is in cuba . 
  but cuban law does n't apply either because it 's an american military base . 
  they 're definitely just using troll logic to justify it . 
  the headline is just clickbait .
