  luxembourgian finance regulation might be relevant for , say , holland , but it 's a completely triviality for japan . 
  this obviously does n't apply to * all * small european states . 
  brussels , as the hq of the eu and nato , makes belgium important . 
  but it still stands that many countries just are n't particularly relevant . 
  you can make the same argument about a good chunk of the nation states of europe though . 
  the uk and france are big and important , but what about luxembourg ? 
  i do n't recall malta having a particularly important international presence . 
  hell , out of the 28 member states of the european union , fully half have a population smaller than new york city . 
  to reiterate , we have individual * cities * which are wealthier and more populated than entire european countries . 
  you ca n't say that the status of `` country '' makes you automatically important . 
  seriously . 
  most americans usually screw up the midwestern states . 
  they 're all just featureless squares of similar sizes , where nothing of note ever happens . 
  most people have to put them all on a map in elementary school for a geography test , and then forget about them because it 's a skill you 'll never need to use again in your entire life . 
  did you know that many fish live in water ? 
  this , and other shocking revelations from op later tonight . 
  as much as i hate coming to russia 's defense on these sorts of things , i 'm pretty sure that this is pretty much the standard for most countries . 
  it 's better to be prepared for an invasion you have no intention of ever carrying out than to take the chance that you might one day have to go in blind . 
  anyone who spends any time on r/todayileanred will surely know that during world war ii for example , britain had made plans for war with russia and america , america had plans for war with britain and canada , and canada had a plan for fighting america . 
  i 'm pretty sure that at some point or another , the us has drawn up plans for fighting every country that it might consider to be an enemy , every country that could be considered friendly , space aliens , neutral nations , randomly assigned coalitions , and zombies . 
  it depends where you are . 
  the north east has some * really * rough roads . 
  anyone who 's ever driven the mass pike from boston to the new york boarder knows the terror of hitting a giant pothole going 70mph . 
  they recently finished up some construction which did away with the worst of it , but i 'm sure it 'll be back soon . 
  from my admittedly less extensive experience , the roads are a lot better out west . 
  if you 're in an area that does n't get a lot of snow , the streets are less likely to get beat to hell . 
  that 's because it is mostly bluff and bluster . 
  they 've only released a fraction of the data , but that 's because most of the leaked information is kind of pointless . 
  most of the shocking material has come out . 
  at this point , i wholly expect that all of the new revelations are just going to be conformations of things everyone already knew . 
  czech leader says nato * should * offer troops . 
  it 's just an opinion piece . 
  i 'm not really sure what i 'm looking at here . 
  russia agrees that countries which are part of nato are within nato 's sphere of influence ? 
  nato agrees that the country of russia is within it 's own sphere of influence ? 
  the usefulness of gendarmeries depends largely upon the circumstances of the individual country . 
  in a country like mexico , where regular police literally can not be counted upon to respond to certain crimes , having the military step in to handle things can indeed improve public safety . 
  however , if you 're in a country which is not particularly dangerous , or already has an effective ( or partially militarized ) police force , then they 're kind of redundant . 
  in this case , the best argument for them is that they provide soldiers some practical experience . 
  that exact clip is the reason i went with this name . 
  you get a cookie !, 
  stop being so butthurt . 
  it was an amerifat joke . 
  he was kidding, 
  til president bush is a surprisingly good artist, 
  as far as i know , the american government does n't release any statistics about the drone strikes . 
  i was talking about the ones given within the article , attributed to the investigative bureau of journalism , which estimates that out of 2300 people killed in drone strikes , more than 400 were innocent . 
  i do n't have any particular problem with the government killing terrorists , but the issue with the drones is that the scale is pretty excessive . 
  i * seriously * doubt that most of the estimated 1900 terrorists killed were actually any sort of credible threat to anyone in america . 
  if anything , they 're local problems . 
  and assassinating them might save the lives of other people in the area , but it kinda defeats the point if they just get blown up by mistake anyway . 
  i do n't have any strategy for fixing pakistan . 
  let 's be honest here , the situation is a clusterfuck . 
  if someone did have a practical solution to sort out the problems with isi , i 'm fairly sure that president obama would personally show up at their door to present them with a giant novelty check . 
  but that 's a separate issue . 
  killing innocent people is bad . 
  drones kill lots of innocent people . 
  because of this , i think they 're counterproductive in most cases . 
  there 's not a decent way to make an objective judgement based on the cost/benefit ratio of dead terrorists to civilians , so it 's just a moral stance on my part , nothing more . 
  `` shaky '' does not mean that it * is * illegal . 
  it means that it * might be * illegal . 
  that 's all my point is . 
  is the program unpopular ? 
  without question . 
  is there a reasonable case to be made that the program is illegal ? 
  yes . 
  but it 's not iron clad . 
  the whole thing exists in a gray zone , and we 've yet to see any truly definitive rulings one way or the other on it . 
  right or wrong , it 's just not possible to definitively claim that the program is actually illegal . 
  the argument being made is that the killings do n't need jury or due process because they are acts of war , not police actions . 
  you do n't need to get specific approval for each person you shoot during the battle . 
  obviously , the argument is a fairly shaky one ( and it 's not one i agree with ) . 
  but that does n't change the fact that it still has a fair deal of support , both in america and abroad . 
  just because a documentary says that it 's illegal , it does n't make it true . 
  i do n't think the two choices are mutually exclusive . 
  you are right about pakistan . 
  if the pakistani government could get it 's shit together , it would be a massive help . 
  hell , if they could just crack down on elements within their military and intelligence community who are funding terrorists , that would be an amazing help too . 
  but it still does n't change the fact that , when you kill innocent people , it makes you look bad . 
  well , you could make the argument that they 're self-defeating . 
  using the figures provided ( i 've got no idea how reliable they are ) , something like a quarter of the fatalities are innocent people . 
  each civilian death galvanizes people to the extremists . 
  the title seems to be kind of misleading . 
  according to the actual article , the reason that berlin is powerless to challenge the us is that they literally do n't have a case yet . 
  not only is the german government divided about the legal status of the drone strikes , the do n't actually have any evidence that the us bases in germany are actually involved in the strikes . 
  at the moment , all they 've got is hearsay coming from a single former american pilot . 
  germany has requested information about the base in question , and is currently awaiting a response . 
  once they get one , they 'll probably have a bit more recourse . 
  if i had a concern , i would voice it . 
  but i certainly would not make them choose between my friendship and their new relationship without good cause . 
  as long as they were aware of their partner 's track record , who they date it up to them . 
  `` i do n't like this person '' is not the same as `` i do n't think anyone else should like this person . '', 
  hbo is notoriously trigger happy with their lawyers ( at least in the us ) when it comes to people using their content without permission . 
  i was mostly kidding though . 
  and now we wait for hbo to sue parliament, 
  free speech is essential . 
  everyone is entitled to the opinion that i have selected for them . 
  do students get any sort of alternative for their meals ? 
  if the school * just * serves pork chops , then i 'd consider it to be unnecessarily discriminative , but if they offer a choice between a pork chop and a pizza , it should be fine , right ? 
  honestly , i 'm not sure .
