  there is free debate . 
  it 's just that in this instance one side is actually wrong , so it 's a bit difficult to treat both positions equally . 
  your example really hurts your argument . 
  mad cow spread because legislators were slow to cut exports of a potentially dangerous commodity . 
  these mangoes are another potentially dangerous commodity , and they 're getting banned until the danger is addressed . 
  portions are much bigger in america , no question . 
  mediums in the us are bigger than larges in europe . 
  the refill thing is also true . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's official policy or not to allow refills , but in the us the fountains are out in the dining area , so there 's no one to stop you . 
  but in my experience , they were always behind the counters in europe , so they 're much less accessible . 
  i never actually bothered to ask for one though . 
  maybe i 'd have gotten one ? 
  as for variety , i ca n't speak to the whole of europe . 
  but in the uk and italy , they had pretty much everything that was available in the us , plus a couple of unique options that were only available locally . 
  while i 'm hardly an afficiando of mcdonald 's , i ca n't think of anything from the us that was n't offered . 
  note that this was * just * for mcdonald 's though . 
  kfc in america is nothing at all like kfc in england . 
  murcan kfc is so much better . 
  also , i think they served beer in italy , although it 's been a few years since i 've been there so i could be mistaken . 
  as much as it hurts me to say this , it 's been my personal experience that the mcdonald 's in the uk and italy are superior to the ones in the us . 
  they 've got a larger variety of choices on the menu . 
  quality on items which you can get both here and abroad was generally a bit better in europe , but still a bit hit and miss on some items . 
  the chicken in the uk was better , but i found the burgers and fries to be a bit better in the us . 
  shit america , get it together . 
  less . 
  news about national elections in europe is pretty rare , and mostly limited to the uk , france , and germany . 
  news about elections in the eu is unheard of . 
  yeah , location plays a really big factor in what you can grow . 
  i was mostly limiting myself to things which ( i think ) can grow in most of the country , and which are fairly easy to care for . 
  while some people are really fanatical about their gardens , most people mostly just go with convenience , so they go with things that you can mostly just set up a sprinkler and forget about . 
  maybe weed it and manually water if you 've got some down time on the weekends . 
  tomatoes , beans , lettuce , and carrots are all popular choices . 
  pretty much everyone on my block grows them . 
  fruits are a bit harder , but strawberries are really popular too . 
  corn and potatoes are n't unpopular , but they usually take up more land than people are willing to devote to their gardens . 
  i 'm not really sure if that 's representative of the country as a whole though . 
  i was never a huge fan of home gardening , so i 'm sure i 'm missing a few staples . 
  in the us , it really depends on how much land you have . 
  if you 're in the suburbs , it 's very common to have vegetable gardens in your yard , although they are usually pretty small . 
  most of your property is usually just grass or trees , unless you have a dedicated farm . 
  if you * do * have a garden , it is almost always going to be in the back yard . 
  the front is almost always just grass , or flowers . 
  there are still a couple of issues with the analysis you 've provided though . 
  the first is that , while russia 's increase is surprising , it 's still not actually all that much . 
  russia is spending about $ 90 billion . 
  france and the uk are each around $ 60 billion . 
  germany 's around 50 , italy 's around 30 . 
  already we 've more than doubled russia 's budget . 
  the us meanwhile spends about $ 500 billion accounts for something like 40 % of * global * spending . 
  even with predicted buildup for 2020 ( which is hardly assured to happen ) , russia is still outnumbered . 
  iraq and afghanistan have been expensive , but the us has only deployed a fraction of its military force in each , not to mention that both of those conflicts are winding down , freeing up those forces for use elsewhere . 
  even if you completely discount the rest of nato , the us alone would be more than capable of defeating russia . 
  as for why russia is taking an aggressive stance on ukraine , it 's true that it will win that face off , but you 're misunderstanding why . 
  russia is picking its battles * because * it ca n't afford to get into a fight with nato . 
  it attacked georgia because it was n't within nato 's sphere of influence , and it 's meddling in ukraine for the same reason . 
  russia is trying to grab as much territory as it can before nato expands and gobbles it up . 
  nato is a line in the sand that russia is n't willing to cross , so it 's throwing its weight where ever it can . 
  there 's a number of key differences between the buildup to ww2 and what 's going on with russia which you 're not taking into consideration . 
  with hitler , you have to take into account that before the war actually started , he had been building up for years in defiance of the law . 
  the victorious powers from ww1 drew a line in the sand , and then did nothing while germany crossed it . 
  then they 'd draw another line , which germany would then cross without consequence . 
  even the final line , the invasion of poland , was crossed it took almost six months for the british and the french to actually do much of anything . 
  further , while germany was building up its military capabilities and expending in power and territory , the british , and french were hemorrhaging capabilities . 
  their armed forces underwent serious cuts , and a general wave of pessimism about war gripped t he population . 
  neither of these two things have occurred with russia so far . 
  russia violated international law , and now their economy is taking a downturn due to economic sanctions . 
  it 's not a crippling blow , but it shows that the west is not pleased with their actions . 
  even more importantly though , the disparity between military forces is absurd at the moment . 
  in conventional forces , russia is massively outmatched by nato forces . 
  nato has more troops , better troops , larger amounts of superior equipment , and multiple staging grounds which can be used to attack the russian homeland . 
  there 's no way for russia to win a conventional confrontation . 
  in terms of nuclear weapons , russia might technically have more , but that 's a distinction without a difference ; each side has enough to reduce the other to ash . 
  everyone looses in this situation . 
  either way you look at it though , from russia 's perspective any confrontation with nato is a no win situation . 
  this is a far cry from the military situation in europe during ww2 as for north korea , it does n't really matter if they 're aggressive or not , they simply do n't have the capacity to start a world war . 
  if china does n't come to their aid ( and there is reason to believe that it wo n't ) , then north korea is limited to a regional conflict . 
  aside from the fact that ww3 would be a catastrophe that no one wants , the situations in ukraine and north korea are n't really serious enough to warrant it . 
  north korea has been agressive for years . 
  not too long ago they actually started shelling south koreans , something which is hardly unheard of over the last couple of years . 
  further , it was revealed in some of the leaked wikileaks cables that in the event of war , china would actually be willing to support a * southern * lead korean peninsula ( provided the us did not build any military bases near the chinese border ) . 
  as for ukraine , even if there does wind up being a war in the country , it 's not going to be a world war because the west is n't willing to go to bat over it . 
  ukraine is outside of nato 's jurisdiction , so there 's no reason to send troops . 
  russia actually attacking the country will really solidify the notion that the cold war has n't ended , but that 's about it . 
  150 soldiers from the us are 149 more than necessary . 
  putin might mistakenly believe that nato wo n't come to the aid of the eastern european nations , but there 's no way he 'd be insane enough to think that the us would n't respond to its own soldiers being attacked , regardless of what the rest of nato is doing . 
  the small number of troops that the us is sending are n't actually meant to turn the tide of a potential war , it 's a dare . 
  it 's obama telling putin to put his money where his mouth is . 
  the issue is that colonization was n't just some thing that happened in the 1800s . 
  a good chunk of the world did n't gain independance until the end of world war 2 . 
  colonialism is still within * living memory * of some people . 
  even when all the people who actually lived in colonial times die off , the issue still wo n't be at rest . 
  these are countries which spent 150 years being actively undermined . 
  a third world country is n't just undeveloped , it 's been sabotaged . 
  you ca n't really expect people to just shrug their shoulders and get over it . 
  that 's not untrue , but it 's probably a bad example . 
  a lot of the bigger native tribes are * literally * separate nations , as in , they have their own sovereign territory . 
  even if they are still technically part of the us , reservation life is massively different from `` regular '' ( for lack of a better term ) life on a systemic level . 
  truth is overrated . 
  this is explicitly a thread about stereotypes . 
  i think it 's america .
