  while partially functional , this system would be incredibly unwieldy , and i ca n't imagine many people would be happy about it . 
  the third way would be for someone to realize that the law is stupid , and change it . 
  and seeing as every person in every government in the world has to be completely insane for these laws to get passed in the first place , the use of force is probably going to be necessary to get any change . 
  the tl ; dr of it though is that you 've basically turned the entire planet into weimar germany . 
  there 's no more money , no way to get money , and it 's only a matter of time before people start to just take what they want . 
  according to wikipedia , the us takes in about 500,000 illegal immigrants per year , and according to the nyt there are more than 10 million illegals ( about 3 % of the population ) in the country http://www.nytimes.com/2008/07/31/us/31immig.html?partner=rssnyt&amp;_r=0, 
  it 's probably both . 
  the winter actually shut down entire cities for days on end , and severely slowed down everything in much of the south and east coast for weeks . 
  the droughts and wildfires meanwhile are certainly taking their toll on the west . 
  either way , i do n't really think it means much for europe , because the downturn is a result of the environment , not a problem in the financial system or anything like that . 
  i came in here expecting insane fundamentalist propaganda designed as a domestic publicity stunt , was pleasantly surprised . 
  homeschooling and protections for jewish and muslim traditions are apparently some of the top priorities . 
  i 'm not totally sure what to make of this . 
  while i do n't personally agree with things like infant circumcision and homeschooling children , this is nowhere near the level of crazy which is normally required for a texas politician to make legal proposals for european governments . 
  well , there 's nowhere to run to , and there 's no foreign currency to use . 
  the situation 's impossible so speculation is hard , but i 'm going to put my hyperinflated money on global armed rebellion , or a switch to commodity money . 
  you can pretty much split the acceptance of immigration into a few main categories . 
  ** 1 : realism . 
  ** europe is a big place , and the borders are largely unsecured . 
  the only way to keep people from crossing the border illegally would be if you had the fortifications and personnel on hand to individual monitor every single person that attempts to cross the border at any point . 
  it 's just impossible . 
  and that only refers to border hopping . 
  tons of illegal immigrants make it into the country on a temporary visa ( work , student , and so on ) , and then just stay . 
  if they decide to change their address at some point without informing anyone , they 're in the wind . 
  unless you 're willing to assign a case worker to keep tabs on each person that enters the country legally on a temporary basis , it 's again pretty much impossible to keep track . 
  ** 2 : message/morals . 
  ** the eu is supposed to be about things like human rights , inclusion , multiculturalism , and cooperation leading to improvement . 
  you severely undercut this message if you crack down on desperate people who are putting everything on the line to make it into the region . 
  right or wrong , it smacks of hypocrisy . 
  ** 3 : economics . 
  ** when it comes to the economy , illegal immigrants are a mixed bag . 
  on the one hand , they 're almost certainly not paying income taxes or anything like that , and use up resources that should be going to real citizens . 
  on the other hand , they still work . 
  they take the crappy jobs that no one else wants , and they keep costs down by working at ( and often below ) minimum wage . 
  even if the benefits do n't outweigh the costs , you then have to factor in the difficulties associated with actually keeping them out . 
  it costs money and resources to have police on the lookout for illegals , and it costs even more to physically deport them . 
  even if the immigrants are a drain on the economy , it 's still probably cheaper to let them stay than to put in the effort to kick them out . 
  you 'll have people fleeing europe in droves because of 100 % unemployment and a complete economic collapse . 
  anyone who stays will use foreign currency , or trade for commodities . 
  assuming of course that the eu is n't dissolved beforehand , or that you do n't see massive uprisings . 
  what 's the voter turnout for national/local elections like ? 
  is the apathy across the board , or just for the eu ? 
  unless enough people leave or threaten to leave that it creates * more * instability in the eu . 
  economies are based largely on faith , so if people are n't even sure that the eu will be able to hold onto some of its more important member states , the euro is going to take a serious hit . 
  feel free , though i do n't know how much i 'll be able to help you . 
   i was wondering , where did you all go to university/college and what helped you decide where to go ? 
  for my undergrad i went to the university of massachusetts . 
  i also spent a year abroad studying at the university of leeds , in england . 
  umass was mostly a combination of choices ; it 's one of the best schools in the state ( those pricks harvard can suck it ) , and does a lot of work with the federal government so it gets a ton of research funding . 
  it 's also pretty big , so even if you do n't know what to do , it 's not hard to find a well-developed department to work with . 
  finally , the cost was probably the biggest factor . 
  i narrowed my choices down to umass and boston university ; umass cost about $ 20,000 a year , while bu cost about $ 45,000 . 
  as for leeds , that was mostly a matter of practicality . 
  i wanted to study abroad , but competition for spots was pretty tight , and lots of schools were restricted by major . 
  i really wanted to go to ucl , but they were n't taking political science or history majors at the time . 
  i think my only options other than leeds were places out in the middle of nowhere , so i went to the place i thought was most interesting . 
  i also had quite a few options for countries that were n't english speaking , but i did n't feel confident moving to a country if i could n't speak the language . 
   what would you say are the best ( preferably english speaking to a degree ) universities in europe that an american would know off the top of his head ? 
  honestly , the only european universities i had ever heard of before i had started college were cambridge and oxford . 
  if you 're planning on working in the us , getting a degree abroad can be something of a double-edged sword . 
  if you 're getting a degree in a field like history , then it will give the impression that you 're worldly , and have a closer relation to the subject , which is good . 
  if you 're getting a degree in medicine though , it might give the impression that you 're not going to be up to snuff with american standards , making it difficult to employ you . 
   for background knowlege , my sat scores are about 1800 , and i have taken/will take 5 ap tests . 
  1800 is n't a bad score , though it might not be quite high enough to get into some of the really top tier schools if you do n't have some really solid grades and extra curriculars . 
  were you 600 across the board , or did you do really well on 2 of the subjects and tank the third ? 
  most schools do n't much care about the writing portion ( because they all have their own writing tests ) , so if you lost some points there it might actually make you look a bit better than if you scored low on the math portion . 
  of course , this assumes that your schools will even take the sats . 
  when i applied abroad for my undergrad , some would only take acts . 
  as for the ap tests , it really depends on what they are in and how well you scored . 
  in the us , if you scored a 4 or a 5 on each test , that would mean that you 'd get credit for 5 full classes , knocking an entire semester out for you . 
  i do n't think that same agreement exists with most european schools , but if you score well it can still be something to put on to your application . 
  you should definitely bring it up with the admissions board of whatever school you 're applying to though ; you might get lucky and have the tests honored if you did well enough . 
  edit : finally , i can only speak for the uk , not europe as a whole , but you absolutely * must * know what your major is before you get started . 
  in the us , most schools do n't even let you pick a major until your second year , and you spend a fair amount of time hitting up classes designed to round you out and give you some experience in a variety of fields . 
  it 's assumed that you 'll have already done all of that already in the uk , so at university you need to hit the ground running . 
  you also take fewer classes in general , so each one matters a lot more . 
  at leeds i was maxed out at 3 classes a semester , and uni in the uk only lasts 3 years . 
  in the us , the standard is usually around 5 ( though it can go to 4 or 6 depending on credits ) , and school lasts for 4 years . 
  even if it became completely impossible to get the drugs used for lethal injection , i 'm not sure it would be sufficient to actually stop the death penalty . 
  injection is currently the most popular ( for lack of a better term ) method , but there are alternative forms of execution still in use . 
  at least a couple people have been hanged or electrocuted within the past couple decades , and a couple of states still have gas chambers . 
  even if people did n't get into an uproar about cultural oppression coming from europe , i 'm fairly certain that all we 'd really see is a shift away from lethal injection towards firing squads or hangings . 
  in reference to what ? 
  i 'm not sure if this is a shitpost , or if you accidentally left out half of your post . 
  is n't the death penalty already illegal in most of europe ? 
  does n't seem like there 's much to actually abolish . 
  edit : one of these days , i should really learn how to grammar . 
  i wonder if they know how things turned out for the confederates ... 
  so , let me get this straight . 
  op does n't want offensive posts , dedicates half of his opening post to insulting individual users . 
  seems totally reasonable and is in no way , shape , or form , a pitiful attempt to shame people who disagree with op . 
  even if you 're not a troll op , your suggestion is still a complete waste of time . 
  there is * nothing * you can say to a racist to make them change their ways . 
  nothing . 
  they 're not waiting for some random asshat on the internet to post some statistics cribbed from wikipedia so that they can just see the light . 
  they made their choice , and if you do n't agree with them on it , just ignore them because a reasonable debate is impossible . 
  see , the first time i got shot was in a home invasion when i was 14 . 
  someone broke in , shot me , and started stealing all of my stuff . 
  the cops showed up about 10 minutes later and shot the bandit . 
  after that the cops took me to the hospital , where they then shot me a second time .
