til : american white supremacists are aware that europe exists and that it has elections . 
  while i ca n't say that this is exactly surprising , this is literally the first thing i 've heard about it . 
  if i had to hazard a guess , i 'd say that a couple of them heard a propaganda piece about ukip or something , but took it literally and used it as a rallying cry . 
  even then , europe is the land of commie atheist muslim homos , so it does n't get much focus in these circles anyway . 
  that 's just it , congress is n't supposed to be mobile . 
  people complain about the gridlock , but the whole system was intentionally set up to be unwieldy . 
  it 's designed to keep congress from arbitrarily doing things and interfering with day to day life , and mostly ensures that we do n't see a complete change of course every time we have an election . 
  as for the `` one man making decisions '' thing , the war powers resolution only applies for 60 days . 
  after that , if congress does n't get on board then the troops return . 
  iraq did n't fall solely on the shoulders of bush and obama ; we stayed because congress voted to . 
  as long as we get to keep disney world , you can have florida . 
  hell , we 'll pay romania to take it . 
  i do n't care how unhealthy they are . 
  they are delicious , and become more delicious the drunker you get . 
  and look how that turned out . 
  they went from having a mob and some police corruption to a completely isolated city run by supervillains that was seconds away from being destroyed by a nuclear bomb . 
  bats kinda dropped the ball there, 
  before the crazies come out ... `` it 's doubtful the map represents russian president vladimir putin 's actual game plan . 
  express gazeta , probably best described as a sensationalist tabloid , said unnamed `` geopolitical experts '' drew the map based on `` open source '' information from research institutes , as well as ( oddly ) from the works of strategists alvin toffler , zbigniew brzezinski , and samuel huntington . '', 
  it 's just some silly piece that the media decided to run with for some reason . 
  we 're one of the few countries in the world that could invade them , and we spent the better part of a century being their arch-nemesis . 
  i 'm more surprised that the approval rating ever got as high as 50 % to start with . 
  hell , that means that for a while , the us was more popular in russia than it was in america !, 
   i wonder if it would count as treason if someone was serious about going ahead with seceding from the usa . 
  would the general population be inconvenienced enough to revolt ? 
  that happened once . 
  it was the biggest war in american history . 
  succession is currently frowned upon . 
  i ca n't really see that happening in europe though . 
  by the time the eu federalizes , the countries which are on the fence will have either left already , or have fallen into the fold . 
  cuba 's probably a bad example because of the `` wet foot dry foot '' policy . 
  the coast guard actively intercepts boats , but if a cuba sets one foot on american soil , they 're given asylum . 
  that 's not the case with the african migrants going to europe . 
  of course , if you bother to read the actual document on the fbi 's website , it immediate says that the information was unverified , no evidence was found to support the claim , and no one matching the description was known by the local authorities . 
  but yeah , other than that it 's totally legit and in no way total bs . 
  edit : for the curious , the source that teh page uses is here . 
  http://vault.fbi.gov/adolf-hitler/adolf-hitler-part-01-of-04/view it 's 200 pages long , much of it is illegible , or written in spanish or german . 
  all it proves is that the fbi researched reports that hitler made it there , which is pretty wellknown . 
  the very first page says that there was no evidence found . 
  to be fair , he did specifically ask for europe . 
  -1 is n't that big of a deal . 
  well , seeing as the state department is paying me to comment here , i 'm probably qualified to speak with the voice of the american government . 
  ** murica !, 
  ** nope . 
  sort of . 
  officially , the separation of church and state means that public schools ca n't have a religion , mandate religious classes , require faith , or anything like that . 
  the most mandatory religion you get is in elementary school when you say `` under god '' in the pledge of allegiance , and even that is pretty optional . 
  schools can still offer classes * about * religion , but it 's pretty uncommon before college , and even then it 's mostly about history and concepts , not indoctrination . 
  unofficially though , religion has a pretty big sway . 
  the `` hurr durr americans only get taught creationism '' thing is massively overblown in foreign media , but it 's not 100 % false . 
  especially when you 're out in the boonies , you 'll occasionally run into people trying to teach creationism and evolution as competing theories , which makes the rest of us cringe . 
  it also pops up even more frequently in sex ed classes , in which some schools take an abstinence only approach . 
  even these issues are really more about fundamentalist social policies than religion itself though . 
  of course , it must be noted that private schools are not bound by the same regulations . 
  there are many religious schools that you can send your kids to if you 're so inclined . 
  the education you can get at these establishments varies from top tier to complete garbage , and should probably be taken on a case by case basis . 
  that 's not even remotely what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that some people will think he looks like a hypocrite by profiting off of immigrants , that 's all . 
  if immigrants were actually killing the economy then this guy would be losing money , not making it . 
  that 's the point the author is trying to make . 
  even if i do n't personally think that it 's that big of a deal , it 's not that hard to expect that other people can use the fact as ammo . 
  politics is all about image . 
  yeah , that 's a great deal . 
  i got ta get me some of that bosnian coke !, 
  something like that is much more reasonable . 
  it could probably even go higher . 
  finding the exact point at which minimum wage becomes too expensive is a difficult process though , and needs to take a massive amount of information into consideration . 
  remember , worker protections are good , to an extent . 
  a good capitalist economy works best when the majority of people have discretionary income . 
  if everyone has a job , and can take home enough money that they do n't need to worry about day to day survival , everyone wins . 
  but it 's definitely possible to take these things too far . 
  too much protection can encourage stagnation and protectionism . 
  it 's a balancing act . 
  finally , whatever the minimum wage is , you need to be sure that it does n't shock the economy when it 's introduced . 
  it 's ok to go from 2000 to 4000 , but you ca n't do it all at once . 
  tell the country that it 's going to increase by 200 per year over the next 10 years so people can get acclimated to the change . 
  if you dump it all at once , employers will panic . 
  oh , i did n't realize you were replying to someone else , i thought you were talking about the price in the picture . 
  my mistake . 
  that price is per bottle , not a six pack . 
  coke 's still cheaper . 
  last i checked , a bottle like that is $ 1.50 here , and you can buy in bulk for less . 
  i think the point is that it seems hypocritical . 
  if you make the claim that immigrants are hurting the economy , it looks kind of bad when you make a fortune off of immigrants . 
  out of curiosity , are the meps already rich ? 
  that 's just it , they would n't be millionaires , they 'd be completely bankrupt . 
  that much money does not physically exist in the world . 
  if the government just passed the law and left the amount of bills in circulation , then everyone would be instantly fired because no company could ever afford to pay those wages . 
  if the government printed out infinity money so that people could afford to pay workers , then the money would be worthless . 
  those are our options . 
  have no money , or have an unlimited amount of worthless green paper . 
  either way , production has completely stopped , everywhere across the globe . 
  obviously , this would be terrible . 
  we 'd basically be back in the stone age . 
  there are only three ways out of this scenario . 
  the first is that you force people to produce . 
  you reinstitute slavery , and make people work at gunpoint . 
  of course , slavery is kind of unpopular , so any attempt to implement this is going to be met with violence . 
  the second option is simply to abandon money altogether . 
  from now on , instead of being paid in dollars or euros , you 're paid in bags of rice , bullets , medical supplies , or something with an immediate tangible value ( commodity money ) .
