  whether this was good or bad , losing this stability would throw the west into turmoil . 
  how this would play out would vary depending on country , but here 's how i think it 'd break down . 
  eastern europe is the most obvious . 
  in this case , the markets are * literally * unsafe . 
  unsafe as in , if you do business there , you might be killed by russian soldiers , or your assets might get siezed . 
  this should n't need much more explanation . 
  western europe meanwhile might not be in immediate danger , but the situation is still very chaotic . 
  suddenly , the bear next door is awake , and there 's no one to keep him at bay . 
  the states of western europe would likely immediately see a huge spike in defense spending . 
  the problem is , there 's nowhere to get this money , so you 're probably going to see cuts in the social sector , which is going to make people even more upset than they already are . 
  i 'm not really sure what will happen to the eu as a whole . 
  it might disolve . 
  russia might be able to take a few of the eu member states to start with , and it 's entierly possible that the remaining nations do n't place enough faith in eachother to consider the eu viable . 
  or maybe it will go the opposite way , and take a crash course towards federaliztion . 
  either way , it 's going to be a massive overhaul of the economics and politics in the region , which is going to make a lot of people unhappy . 
  between the chaos and rapidly shifting spending priorities , many investors in the region might lose business , while others will be scared away . 
  in the us , no one will ever trust anything ever said by an american ever again . 
  after spending the better part of a century posing as the ultimate defender of justice and freedom , it threw all of the people depending on its protection to the wolves without a second though . 
  international treaties and trade deals are going to fall apart , not just with european states , but across the world . 
  countries start looking at other rising stars to spend their money and get protection from , so money will start flowing out of the us into the bric states . 
  israel , south korea , and japan can no longer rely on the us to keep their enemies back , so you 're going to see escalation across asia and the middle east . 
  but the us might attempt to salvage its image by responding to these emboldened threats ; when so when the chinese attempt to officially take the senkaku islands , americans might start shooting at them . 
  and of course , this is before you take into account the massive domestic unrest which is going to result from the american government deciding to go such an insane an unpopular route . 
  i 'm really just scratching the surface though . 
  there 's a lot that could go wrong , basically . 
  that 's exactly what i mean though , his game theory analysis is terrible . 
  or rather , elementary ; it 's the sort of thing you 'd see in the first half of a game theory introduction class , used when you 're just learning definitions and how decision trees work . 
  it 's not really applicable to real situations . 
  to begin with , his endpoints are `` us responds causing nuclear war '' ( terrible ) , `` us responds , causing conventional global war '' ( terrible ) and `` us does nothing '' ( neutral ) . 
  but these points are flawed . 
  nuclear war would obviously be terrible , no argument on that point . 
  conentional war though is a bit different . 
  by any relevent metric , russia is outmatched . 
  nato has more soldiers , better soldiers , better equipment , and multiple staging grounds to launch an attack . 
  a conventional war with russia would certainly be much worse than any conflict we 've seen over the last couple decades , but it would most definitely be a nato victory . 
  while war is bad , victory would completely cement the dominance of nato in europe , and greatly increase its position when dealing with future conflicts in eurasia . 
  i 'd hesitate to call this outcome `` good '' , but it 's certainly not a catastrophe . 
  the non action option however is much worse . 
  in this instance , it 's presented as a sort of neutral position ; we do n't gain anything , but we do n't lose anything of value . 
  this is patently false . 
  not respecting nato commitments would utterly destroy all credibility that the us has in the international sphere , and would likely take the economy , which would cause a negative spiral throughout the west . 
  while not as bad as a nuclear war , this option is still pretty bad . 
  the other issue is that the author is assuming that all actors are selfinterested and completely logical , by which i mean that each actor is only out for their own benefit ( has no particular interest in hurting their opponent ) , and will always pick the `` best '' choice , even if the `` best '' option is awful ( as long as it is less awful than the alternative ) . 
  note that while this actor archetype is one of the basic actors used , even in introductory game theory , it is not the * only * archetype used . 
  the problem is that , using this logic , we should n't even be having this conversation , because it would be in the best interests of nato to just invade russia immediately . 
  if this were to happen , the russians would be left with three options , conventional war , nuclear war , or surrendering to whatever nato has planned . 
  with nuclear war they risk their own extinction , so that 's out . 
  they 'll probably lose a conventional war , so this choice is the same as surrender , but with more pain first . 
  so their only reasonable choice is to just give in to nato . 
  obviously , that 's not a realistic outcome . 
  in the real world , it 's assumed that each side is perfectly willing to spite the other , and it is entirely possible that one side might choose death instead of defeat . 
  while there 's no way to know for certain , each side potentially operates as a vengeful player instead of a logical one , which breaks down the game logic . 
  ** tl ; dr the author is trying to apply very basic theory to the real world , and is doing a bad job of it . 
  his proposed endpoints are not good estimations of the real endpoints , and he does not take into account player characteristics . 
  citation needed . 
  the author is drawing a lot of conclusions from faulty sources , and is bad at game theory and international relations . 
  there is zero evidence to support the idea that the us would not respect article 5 , and ( as i 've said a few times ) no reasonable expectation that nato should defend ukraine . 
  what are travelers ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're not just talking about people who like to travel , right ? 
  he 's saying that the chinese and japanese do n't dislike jews or muslims for being jewish or muslims , they 're disliked for being foreigners . 
  it 's not a specific dislike . 
  you 'd probably see a similar score if the groups being compared were kenyans and greeks . 
  jordan has a worse opinion of jews than palestine ? 
  this . 
  tinfoil hats aside , the `` jewish lobby '' is n't some conspiracy dictating policy . 
  on the governmental level , the relationship that the us has with israel has been much better than the relationships it has with pretty much anyone else in the region . 
  saudi arabia supports our government , but they 're so repressive that it 's difficult to actually say anything supportive about them . 
  pakistan is nominally our ally , but sections of their government are actively supporting terrorists ; they were harboring bin laden for crying out loud . 
  iran is supporting terrorists and may or may not be developing a nuclear program . 
  the general consensus in the us is that pretty much everyone but israel hates us , and everyone who is n't actively chanting `` death to america '' is only tolerating us because they 're getting something out of the deal . 
  whether this view is accurate or not is irrelevant . 
  as for israel itself , the issue is obviously polarizing , but not to the extent that it appears to be in europe . 
  even among people who want a two-state solution and are very critical of the israeli government , `` fuck israel '' is a sentiment which is pretty much nonexistent outside of extremely hardline pro-palestinian groups . 
  while it 's true that there are some rather zealous pro-israeli groups ( which are larger than their opposition ) , very few people are of the opinion that israel is completely in the wrong . 
  it 's widely held that the sides are n't black and white , but israel is typically considered a lighter shade of gray . 
  at the very least , almost everyone in the us agrees that , even if israel * is * in the wrong , there are much bigger problems to handle . 
  un and european criticism is seen as hypocritical and self-serving ; they rant and rave about israel , while doing nothing about the atrocities going on in africa or asia . 
  now , i 'm not necessarily saying one way or the other whether any of these viewpoints are realistic or accurate . 
  but the `` hurr durr american lobby slaves '' line that gets repeated endlessly is frankly bullshit . 
  edit : typos, 
  on the flipside though , this could be a good opportunity for them to get themselves into the good graces of the west , and also apply some pressure on the us . 
  they 've shown a bit more willingness to work with the international community over the last few months , plus if they get in good with the eu , they wo n't have to rely on russia for protection . 
  if it 's an earnest offer , it could be a win-win for everyone . 
  well , everyone but putin . 
  ukraine did n't have an ocean and the world 's most powerful air and naval forces to keep the russians at bay though . 
  that 's not the point though . 
  people are basically arguing that there was no reason that ukraine should have had crimea to start with , so russia 's annexation is completely reasonable . 
  it 's not a terrible argument ( certainly better than `` we need to protect russians from the fascists !, 
  ) , but it does n't change the fact that the annexation was illegal though . 
  you want * russia * and * china * to free you from the yoke of american hegemony . 
  russia and china . 
  i can understand wanting to break out from america 's shadow , but russia and china ? 
  that 's not jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire , it 's jumping out of the frying pan into the freaking sun . 
  placing your hopes with just about anyone else would probably serve you better . 
  nato does n't have any prerogative to defend ukraine . 
  the purpose of nato is to defend nato member states , not to be the world police . 
  what are they supposed to do about ukraine anyway ? 
  they do n't want to jumpstart world war 3 by swinging in out of the blue to fight a nuclear weapons state in order to defend ukraine , a state which nato is not obligated to defend . 
  the reason that nato is only deliberating sending more troops into eastern europe instead of just doing it is the flip side of the coin . 
  russia can mess around with ukraine because it does n't have any big allies .
