  if both men claim to be getting paid then there would probably be an investigation , and the one who is not a known prostitute would go to jail . 
  it 's just that each happen so infrequently compared to a guy picking up a female hooker that people do n't generally bother to clarify . 
  this whole piece is absurd on both the moral and practical levels . 
  i 'll break it down for those who do n't want to bother reading garbage . 
  in order to solve the problem , yanukovich should issue a single round of leaflets warning people to leave ( which the author himself admits will not work ) , and then declare open season . 
  he needs to find a way to completely sever all communication between the protestors and the outside world , completely encircle the combat area ( for lack of a better term ) , starve the protestors out , and then arrest every single individual involved . 
  he should offer no quarter to anyone , and refuse to engage in conversation with any of the `` opposition leaders '' or any of the western leaders who are banging on his door . 
  using the military to do these things is wrong , but it is perfectly acceptable to mobilize riot police and special forces who are authorized to use lethal force at will . 
  they should send in the apcs and `` intimidate '' the protestors with heavy machine gun fire , and keep people pinned down with sniper fire . 
  the author 's main critique of yanukovich is that he has been far too soft on the protestors , and that he 's guilty of `` criminal negligence '' for not sending in large counter terrorism teams and special forces and cracking down harder . 
  the problems with all of these recommendations should be self evident . 
  aside from how they 're barbaric and likely to lead to a bloodbath , it 's entierly possible that yanukovich does n't actually * have * the forces necessary to follow through with all of them . 
  rioters do n't generally have a reputation for being orderly , so creating an iron circle around them to starve everyone out wo n't be that simple . 
  ignoring the westerners who are threatening to freeze all of your assets is also probably a poor decision and a great way to crash your economy . 
  using force to quell protestors , many of whom ( again by the author 's own admission ) are n't actually violent could easily encourage them to * become * more violent , especially with the reports that rioters have gotten their hands on some military weaponry . 
  tl ; dr the guy is a fascist . 
  i do n't have a smart phone . 
  if i did , i could choose not to take it with me . 
  i can pay for things with cash . 
  the government turning off my phone does n't freeze me in my tracks . 
  the counter to this argument is that the government now knows exactly where you are at all times and can arbitrarily halt citizen movement whenever they wish . 
  while there are justifiable security and law enforcement benefits to this type of system , it seems way too easy to abuse for my liking . 
  what 's this in reference to ? 
  i feel like we 're missing part of the subject . 
  in any event , cumulative ballots are an interesting idea , but they come with their own problems . 
  using the linked picture , the most obvious problem is that if you 're given the ability to give multiple votes to one candidate , then it kind of defeats the point . 
  why would someone bother giving 6 to john citizen and 4 to mary hill when they could just spend all 10 on john ? 
  you can avert this problem by using a tiered system ( john is first choice , mary is second choice , jane is third and so on ) , but that causes it 's own problems . 
  first , you have to determine how scoring for the tiers works . 
  how much more valuable is a first place choice than a third ? 
  can someone who sweeps the second place slot win over someone who is split between first and fifth ? 
  how well known are the candidates ? 
  if voters do n't really know much about half the candidates , then they 're going to be throwing half their vote for arbitrary reasons . 
  the forth federal united socialist kingdom of confederated states of europe gets my vote . 
  we 'll pretend i did that on purpose, 
  nsf proves definitively that 26 % of american survey takers are smart asses . 
  however , europe continues to dominate the field of sarcasm , where 34 % respond to silly questions with silly answers . 
  hey i 'm 1/16th irish , so you and me are basically brothers , right ? 
  you 're definitely right about the almost bizarre amount of pride in irish and italian americans . 
  even if they do n't have any actual connection to their heritage other than a last name , people can get a bit excited . 
  st. patricks day in boston can get pretty interesting . 
  i do want to point out that the `` irish '' vs `` irish-american '' thing is largely a difference in language use across the ocean , which i did n't realize was an issue until i went to england . 
  especially in casual speech , no one identifies as xxxx-american . 
  everyone is `` just '' french , or irish , or chinese . 
  if you 're speaking english without too much issue , it 'll be assumed that you mean xxxx-american . 
  if you 've got an really pronounced accent or something you 'll then get the stupid sounding question `` so are you , like , french french ? '', 
  or `` you 're actually from spain ? '', 
  barroso does n't seem to have much of a leg to stand on . 
  he bases his stance entirely upon the fact that spain did n't want kosovo in the eu . 
  because of kosovo he makes the massive leap that no countries in the eu are willing to accept applicants which were formerly part of other states . 
  this is obviously more than a bit absurd . 
  well , this is kind of disturbing if it 's legitimately being considered . 
  but i have to ask , how much actual support does the proposal have ? 
  you can propose whatever you want , but it does n't mean that anyone has to take you seriously . 
  i do n't think the lack of integrated tv is what 's keeping the eu from becoming more connected . 
  further , tv 's also a pretty poor resource to use when you actually want to learn about other countries . 
  you 'd be a lot better off finding people and talking to them , or at least make an effort to find some sort authentic cultural gathering or something . 
  tv tends to deal in stereotypes at best . 
  `` have sweden 's permissive parents given birth to a generation of monsters ? '', 
  no they have n't . 
  next question . 
  that 's not a sensationalist title at all . 
  all that 's happened is that spain has given up holding symbolic trials for events that happen outside of spanish jurisdiction . 
  oh , i 'm fairly sure that the uk can afford it without aid from the eu . 
  the issue is that they do n't have to tackle it on their own . 
  according to the article , the uk is entitled to the money . 
  it 's free cash , and it seems that the uk is refusing to take it as a matter of principle . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing ( even if i think it 's a bit unwise personally ) . 
  i was just disagreeing with u/timey16 before i realized he was n't completely serious . 
  well , if it was just the guns it would depend on the state . 
  many ( most ? ), 
  states do n't require much in the ways of gun registration , so if you 've got a license you can kind of collect as many guns of that type as you could afford . 
  the explosives thing is different though . 
  you typically need special , restricted licenses for that . 
  if they were modern grenades or plastic explosives , or an ied he 'd probably be in jail in ` murica . 
  edit : i wish the article went into more detail about this . 
  even though i 'm pretty sure the guy just had an unofficial collection and everything was secure and orderly , i just ca n't help but get this image of a giant gun pile just stacked in the corner of the room or something . 
  even more generally , they probably just do n't want to admit that they need the eu 's help . 
  even if you 're not one of those lunatics who equates the eu with the devil , there 's still a lot of resistance to it from reasonable people . 
  having to ask for help at all can be a bitter pill to swallow , and having to ask for help from a group that half the population thinks is eroding your nation 's sovereignty is even worse . 
  was it really ? 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  if it 's true though , then that changes the answer to op 's question completely . 
  nice catch . 
  it 's certainly an intriguing idea , but there are still a few major differences which make the comparison a bit murky . 
  the first is that we can say , definitively , that without russian intervention in the american invasion of afghanistan , there would be no ww3 . 
  we can say this because , obviously , ww3 did n't happen . 
  the war expanded into iraq , with small actions in a half dozen other countries in the region , but it has n't really expanded beyond that . 
  in ww1 though , we do n't really have that key element . 
  ferdinand 's assassination is the spark that set off the powder keg , but it 's generally believed that war in the balkans was coming down the pipe either way . 
  admittedly , we ca n't know for sure , but it 's the general school of thought for most sides involved . 
  we do n't really see this with the middle east though . 
  sure , the region would still be unstable , and the us would still probably conduct small scale assassinations or interventions , but there 's no reason to expect fullscale invasions followed by decade long occupations . 
  the most you can really expect without 9/11 are most instances like the first gulf war ; a state gets really far out of line , the us bombs them to shit , and then goes home . 
  the spark itself is also quite a bit different because with 9/11 al-qaeda had fairly concrete affiliations with the taliban , who composed afghanistan 's government . 
  so going back to ww1 , instead of the assassination being carried out by a serbian terrorist , it would be carried out by a serbian terrorist who was on the payroll of the serbian secret police . 
  as odd as it sounds , i 'd say the us had a stronger claim to invade than austria-hungry did . 
  edit : i misread your post . 
  you can just skip to the last paragraph of my reply . 
  all the other replies are accurate , but there 's an additional factor to consider .
