  i tend to doubt that the majority of the budget is * actually * being spent on immigrants , but i 've never actually looked at the greek budget , so it 's possible . 
  in any case though , it speaks to the second part of my earlier post . 
  the `` common citizens '' ( it 's admittedly something of a loaded term ) are suffering with a bad economy , and then the government spends money on foreigners ? 
  money is being taken out of their pockets , and is given to people who are viewed as drains on the system . 
  note that these arguments are not unique , they show up in pretty much every country where people are angry about immigrants or the economy . 
  whether it 's actually true or not is irrelevant , people just need to * believe * that it 's true to start protesting about it . 
  this story has popped up a few times over the last couple of days , and i got ta say you 've hit the nail on the head . 
  there 's no way this is a serious proposal , it 's just two russian ambassadors dicking around . 
  the base itself is irrelevant . 
  the deterrent is the relationship to the other members of nato . 
  an attack on one is an attack on them all . 
  even if russia could somehow win that war ( and make no mistake , it could not ) , there is no way that whatever they 'd gain in estonia would offset the losses accrued while taking it . 
  people are upset over austerity because it is painful . 
  it does n't matter if the government is in danger of collapsing because it 's finances are so screwed up , the process of fixing the fundamental problems with government spending hurts the living standards of citizens , so they are angry about it . 
  and that 's in the ** best case ** scenario . 
  in many cases , it is alleged that the problem is government cronyism and corruption . 
  the reason that the economy is tanking is because the government caters to special interests , big business , and influential individuals , to the detriment of regular people . 
  once the austerity starts , instead of cutting the bloated , self serving programs , they cut social services and hurt regular people even more . 
   if you have proof for the german government spying on foreign civilians or corporations , please go ahead and present it . 
  while pulling things out of your ass is good for reddit karma , it 's not helping anybody . 
  well , i searched the word `` spying '' on this sub , and these are the first two links which appeared . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/edward-snowden-accuses-germany-of-aiding-nsa-in-spying-efforts-a-909847.html http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/berlin-profits-from-us-spying-program-and-is-planning-its-own-a-906129.html there are about a half dozen other stories about german spying within the first few pages . 
  the tl ; dr is that the german government engaged in espionage activities , and that they were also complacent in the actions of the nsa . 
   stop talking about `` the germans '' as if it was one homogenous group of people . 
  when a german say one thing and another german says another thing it does n't mean that `` the germans '' are hypocrites . 
  the german green party is not part of the government . 
  you are actually correct here . 
  i meant to write `` greens '' not `` germans '' . 
  seeing as i called the whole thing a bunch of dick waving on their part at the end of my post it probably should have been obvious , but i did still misspeak . 
   by breaking laws in other european countries and violating one of the most fundamental human rights throughout europe , the uk government is the one risking fracturing the eu , not the ones pointing out those crimes . 
  this would be a very good point ... if it were * just * the british government doing the spying . 
  it 's not . 
  we 've already covered germany , but there 's also france http://www.france24.com/en/20130702-france-usa-spying-snowden-hollande-nsa-prism-hypocritcal/ spain http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/oct/30/spain-colluded-nsa-spying-citizens-spanish-el-mundo-us luxembourg http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/luxembourgs-government-facing-collapse-over-spying-scandal-29409346.html denmark http://cphpost.dk/news/denmark-is-one-of-the-nsas-9-eyes.7611.html i can keep going if you 'd like . 
  the uk is breaking the law , that 's to be sure . 
  but if they are to be punished for it , everyone should be punished for it . 
  singling out a single state is completely hypocritical . 
  get off your high horse . 
  the security vs. liberty debate is one which has been beaten to hell , and has no real answer . 
  given that governments abuse their citizens all the time , and i 've never heard of a dirty bomb being used in a terrorist attack , i 'd wager that the risks of spying outweigh the rewards . 
  but if you alter the terms a bit , i 'm sure that people would see a more even debate . 
  not that it really matters . 
  this particular instance has two much bigger points to it though . 
  one is that the german government is also spying on people . 
  the snowden leaks revealed that german spy agencies also collect data on their own citizens as well as people abroad . 
  even if they did n't specifically prove it , you 'd have to be absurdly naive to believe that they did n't . 
  the other issue is that the germans are calling to punish an important regional power which already has a tenuous relationship with the eu . 
  so not only are they hypocrites , they 're hypocrites who are advocating a policy which risks fracturing the eu . 
  assuming of course they can actually get anything done . 
  this whole thing strikes me as a publicity stunt on the part of the greens , nothing more . 
  mmmm , such delicious hypocrisy . 
  i see no way that this could end poorly . 
  the uk is irrelevant compared to the us . 
  however , that 's not so bad because it 's still fairly close to the rest of the pack . 
  even if it 's no longer a global power , it 's still a very real regional power . 
  but if the eu comes together , then the uk wo n't even be a regional power anymore . 
  note , i 'm not saying that 's necessarily a bad thing . 
  i 'd consider a country like switzerland to be utterly irrelevant on the world scale , but the people living there are doing very well for themselves , arguably better than anyone else in the world . 
  however , i 'm not sure that the uk * wants * to go that route . 
  you said yourself that `` the uk can already be heard on the global stage though , as much as it needs to be , '' but that ability to be heard will almost certainly be drowned out by the other , larger voices in the near future ( assuming the eu * does * ever solidify , of course ; that 's hardly assured ) . 
  it seems to me that for the uk , the choice is between being less relevant individually as an eu member , or mostly irrelevant as an independent state . 
  the uk can be heard on the global stage now , but i think the biggest reason is simply because the eu has n't really pulled itself together yet . 
  if it ever really solidified , it 'd be on par with the us , if not bigger . 
  the uk would be pretty irrelevant by comparison . 
  they might be the 5th biggest economy in the world , but when the top three control something like 60 % of global gdp , being in the top ten does n't mean much . 
  you have a very important choice to make polan . 
  you can either into space , or into moldova . 
  choose wisely thanks to putin, 
  he 's too high up the ladder to take a stance on an important issue ? 
  the downvotes are probably coming from the fact that the idea of russia retaking it 's former soviet territories has popped up a few thousand times in the last couple of days , and the idea is patently absurd . 
  an attack on a nato member in eastern europe will be treated as an attack on every nato member . 
  and even if every nato member but america folds , russia * still * would n't have the military force necessary to win that fight . 
  their only recourse would be to threaten to use nuclear weapons , and we have them too . 
  putin might me morally reprehensible on the personal level , but he 's not insane . 
  there 's no way he 's going to risk a firefight with the west . 
  he took the crimea because it was easy , and once he hits resistance , he 'll back off . 
  i 'm interested to know , what do you guys think of concealed carry vs. open carry ? 
  it seems sort of counter intuitive , but i almost consider open carry to be * more * dangerous , because it advertises the weapon . 
  i 'd think that it would makes innocent people more on edge , and that it would take away the element of surprise from anyone who might be intending to attack you . 
  does anyone agree/disagree ? 
  stop your complaining op . 
  look at my flair . 
  i feel like a god damn commie just looking at it . 
  all of muh freedoms , gone . 
  you do n't know pain like this . 
  i 'm guessing this is just april fools , but if it 's not , we 've got a very similar thread going on right over here , made about 4 hours ago http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/21uhnc/gun_laws_in_your_country_what_are_they_and_are/, 
  but if you take away our internet , tv , and fast food , all we 'll have left is our guns !, 
  admittedly , at least half the population will get bored and try to deep fry them for a tasty snack , but still . 
  well , you could still buy a revolver or a derringer , but that 'd be about it . 
  not tons of choice . 
  i can see why they struck it down . 
  honestly though , i think that calling it a `` restriction '' might be a bit of a misnomer in massachusetts for all practical purposes . 
  the process of getting a waiver is really simple . 
  when you 're filling out the form , you check off an extra box which says something along the lines of `` i 'd like permission to carry a firearm without the magazine restriction . '', 
  that 's it . 
  when i was taking my test , the instructor flat out told everyone to apply for an unrestricted , concealed carry license . 
  i do n't know how frequently the request gets shot down . 
  as an unemployed college student without any actual need for a firearm , i got the unrestricted , concealed carry ltc . 
  the few people i know who shoot ( mostly other college kids ) managed to get it as well . 
  i 'm also not certain when the law went into affect , so there could be quite a few people who got grandfathered in . 
   i think that 's more to do with having literally no economic or military rivals on the same continent as you . . hell , you do n't have economic or military rivals on the entire earth .
