  sorry for the misunderstanding . 
  the policy of lowering cash allowances in favor of allowances in kind has [ been passed on september 29th ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/fl%c3%bcchtlingskrise_in_deutschland_2015#.c3.84nderungen_im_asylrecht_im_herbst_2015 ) . 
   saying you ca n't make any changes to the policy due to the constitution does n't make sense . 
  exactly my point . 
  i know that the comparison is unfair because of the living standards . 
  and we even might have to lower standards too if the trend continues but calling out for hard limits already when that stage has not even been reached seems so uncalled for . 
  no , there are no limits in the german constitution . 
  i do n't think that there is any good cause to introduce a limit there as well . 
  how can you justify taking in a fixed number of people and tell the next guy ( who may be in dire need as well ) `` sorry , quota 's reached '' . 
  also i think the whole discussion to be absurd considering the [ amount of syrian refugees the neighboring states have taken in ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php ) . 
  jordania has a population of about 6.5 million and is giving shelter to about 1 million people . 
  and germany is having difficulties with the same amount of people ? 
  according to mr. \u00d6ttinger , that is , who also according to the article is claiming that the only way to remove incentives is by changing the constitution which is strange since the only thing mentioned by [ article 16a ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gg/art_16a.html ) is that politically persecuted people have the right to asylum and the exceptions to that statement ( link in german ) . 
  now you could argue that the refugees are not actually politically persecuted but ` just ' fleeing from war and could be treated differently from asylum seekers for that reason but that is an issue that no one wants to be the first one to throw into the debate . 
  the number of asylum seekers went up way before her public statements and also asylum laws have n't changed since then . 
  if that is the case then why did the number of asylum seekers rise so dramatically in the last year when the pull factor did n't change at all ? 
  [ the unhcr has probably better answers ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/560523f26.html ) than [ mr. `` digital '' \u00d6ttinger ] ( https://netzpolitik.org/2015/commissioner-oettingers-facepalm-worthy-interview-about-data-retention-copyright-net-neutrality-and-co/ ) . 
  edit : [ here are his views on the demand for net neutrality to see what kind of a person we are talking about here . 
  ] ( https://www.techdirt.com/blog/netneutrality/articles/20150309/06444530259/eu-digital-commissioner-net-neutrality-is-taliban-like-issue.shtml ) edit 2 : [ video of his `` taliban-like development '' statement ] ( https://youtu.be/_zaasc7eg4s ), 
  sorry to disappoint but i 'm actually not on the anti-us train . 
  going into afghanistan was absolutely the right thing to do and i would have gladly supported efforts to get rid of hussein if the motivation was the humanitarian angle . 
  it 's just the sheer stupidity of going to war without any plan of what to do after the expected win gets me ranting . 
  sorry also for that . 
  i do n't like the way this argument is going . 
  do i really need to point out that maybe the us should n't just invade a stable country just because . 
  it 's like a bully complaining one of his victims is lashing out at every other kid just because he pushed him to the ground . 
  the cia might have known but they were too busy fabricating false evidence for the possession of weapons of mass-destruction . 
  yeah , unfortunately it was the us invasion of iraq and how the aftermath was handled that destabilized the area . 
  that was because of a few thing : - the war was army against army and the enemy was easily identifiable . 
  - most of the people were tired from the seven years of war - there still was enough democratic foundation left from the [ weimar republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weimar_republic ) and exiled opposition - the allies helped rebuilding germany via the [ marshall plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan ) - firearms and explosives were not wide-spread in civilian hands - the bureaucracy and public administration was left mainly untouched or reinstated shortly after the war ended - the fanatical devotion of the population that was left at the end of the war was tied to hitler and ended with his death . 
  - many people were horrified about what went on in the death-camps . 
  many did n't know or had pushed the thoughts of it to the side and the reality when they were shown hit hard . 
  many were left with a feeling of guilt and/or shame and the consensus was that this should never happen again . 
  i just wrote this from the top of my head so i have probably forgotten to mention a few other points . 
  thing is this conflict is much more difficult than the full-out war we had back then . 
  and you need to have a plan to give people a perspective of a tolerable life after the war . 
  ah , the sweet irony of linking it on amazon . 
  i still ca n't fathom why they leave these loopholes open ( without thinking of personal profit for the ones responsible for these loopholes ) . 
  it is the same with financial transaction taxes . 
  if the whole eu pulled together on these issues instead of refusing due to claimed national interest the corporations would have to ( and most likely will ) deal with it if they want to keep on doing business in the eu . 
  while i agree with most of his points his geographic knowledge is questionable : * `` unlike the united states , europe is not a continental island insulated by oceans . 
  nah , what we need is a wall best put it up on all borders . 
  and to make sure no one comes in we will first count all people inside and no one is allowed to leave until we are finished with that . 
  and we better do a recount once we are finished to be on the safe side . 
  you could argue that the fine imposed on them was a slap on the wrist not to do it again . 
  they refused to pay however so things escalated . 
  if you get caught speeding and refuse to pay because you think it 's unjust than you will probably have to face a judge . 
  they might even walk away found not guilty if they have good arguments . 
   i bet you were assuring plenty of people before the gang rapes and terrorist attacks . 
  i never denied that these things are happening . 
  they are that rare however and committed by such a minority of foreigners that this is no excuse for paranoia and uncalled for xenophobia . 
   so instead of imparting a parent 's opinion , the state will decide what they will believe ? 
  i think your missing the point here . 
  no one is telling the children what to believe ( in a spiritual sense ) . 
  and in this case it was n't the * opinion * of the parents but their * action * of keeping their child at home . 
  anyone doing this for whatever religious reason can expect to be penalized by this . 
  this goes both ways as it also keeps very conservatives ( mostly christians and muslims ) from not letting their children attend sex ed or swimming . 
   to each his own , but it could never be me arguing that the government takes precedent in teaching their children morals over parental rights . 
  who 's talking about morals ? 
  i do n't think those can be taught in school . 
  and you seem to forget children 's rights too . 
  no parent should withhold education from their children . 
  you are very free to talk about your views to your children before and after such an event . 
   and we can see how that worked out . 
  yeah , if you believe nutjobs like trump europe is on the brink of chaos . 
  i can however assure you that this is completely wrong . 
  that 's exactly the reason why school attendance is mandatory in germany . 
  so that parents ca n't push their view on their children . 
  if you 'd be allowed to do that who would stop people from keeping their children at home to teach them their `` truths '' exclusively . 
  and do you really think there is any religious indoctrination going on at a field trip in a group under supervision of one or two teachers ? 
  sorry , but this is like saying you do n't want the concept of sex forced on your kids until they are adults . 
  religion is out there and you should prepare your children for the concept early on unless you want them clueless which might really go bad . 
  especially those who convert as adults can hold the most fundamentalist views because they did n't experience the difference between what is written and what people live by in their everyday life ( which for most religions is incompatible when you really think about it ) . 
  well in germany we have compulsory schooling for everyone . 
  the parents are not allowed to pick and chose ( except for faith based education where you can chose to opt out ) . 
  in this case the parents refused to let their kid go to school just because they did n't want him visiting the mosque solely based on the assumption that he 'll get indoctrinated there . 
  i would n't think they let you even do most of the rituals if you are not a muslim . 
  so you might get shown how to wash yourself to be considered clean but that 's about it . 
  also i highly doubt that a teacher would let their kids get pressured . 
  of course it can be a fine line but it 's like sex ed . 
  learning * about * sex is ok while learning sex would n't be . 
  if the school deems them mandatory then yes . 
  how is visiting a religious site with the whole class and teacher during a field trip religious inculcation ? 
  what do you think happens during the visit ? 
  it 's not like they keep them there or make them come back . 
  well it can be part of a cultural education . 
  as long as you are just visiting and not parttaking in religious activities i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  visiting a religious site is n't the same as teaching religion . 
  as i said : has been tried , did n't really work . 
  i think you underestimate the push factor . 
  the people coming here are mostly desperate . 
  of course it 's also partly because they have an idealized view of europe but mostly because they do n't see any hope for them where they came from . 
  of course there are two ways of reducing the flow of economic migrants . 
  one is to make it more difficult ( or dangerous ) and another is to give them an outlook of a decent life at home . 
  personally i 'd prefer the second way instead of just pushing the problem away from us and ignoring the suffering that is taking place in poor countries . 
  you are forgetting that the money that refugees costs is being spent in europe and therefore stays in the respective countries . 
  [ a lot of people here have their job and livelihood tied to the refugees . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/fluechtlinge-zuzug-schafft-zehntausende-neue-jobs-in-deutschland-a-1089100.html ) if you would take that money and give it to other countries it would be gone . 
  where do you propose to establish such a center ? 
  there seems to be no country willing to do that .
