  it 's not inaccurate to label these people as criminals . 
  thanks for posting this  one of the best posts i 've seen around here in a while !, 
  not really . 
   according to the 2016 american community survey , 14.4 % of the u.s. population ( 2014 ) has german ancestry . 
  refer to the grundgesetz dear . 
  article 16a which specifies that virtually none of them are refugees . 
  i 'd like the see the mental gymnastics to justify crossing 8 safe odd countries illegally and still be considered a refugee . 
  100 % agree with you here . 
  germany 's open arms and ( all but ) invitation to trafficked illegal migrants swung the leave vote into majority territory , * in my view * . 
  i wonder if there was also a moral reasoning behind this ; a german chancellor encouraging people to risk their lives in small rubber rafts in the mediterranean ? 
  justin trudeau is well known for vague statements and non-elaboration . 
  ... because it 's < current year , 
  or the eu parliament with ~ 42 % turnout . 
  most migrants do n't want to stay in poorer countries anyways . 
  bulgaria could easily take a quota and they 'd be gone within weeks to germany , sweden or calais . 
   germany and merkel , most certainly your prime targets for criticism , were against intervention in libya , as they were against the war in iraq just for clarity , merkel herself was actually in favour of the war in iraq , she just was not yet in power at that point . 
  a german judge i know in sachsen-anhalt called the brits `` inselaffen '' in a very derogatory tone after the brexit on june 24th , 2016 in a facebook post . 
  i wonder if her colleagues would convict her of volksverhetzung . 
  maybe ber will be finished sometime in the 2020s . 
  several countries have suspended the schengen agreement [ ec link ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/borders-and-visas/schengen/reintroduction-border-control_en ) i 'm also getting controlled sometimes at german airports when arriving from other schengen countries . 
  very makeshift though . 
  democracy comes from ancient greek , demos meaning `` the people '' ( of a nation state/city state ) ; the eu does n't have a demos . 
  yes i 'm being pedantic, 
   * minority rule * ftfy which is how colonialism ended , with an international push for ending minority rule in nations around the world . 
  something which a lot of people here , including in this thread , criticise the uk for . 
  edit : noteworthy is the fact other former colonial powers in europe hardly get mention for . 
  or what about using natural resources as a measure ? 
  nafta covers that by any definition . 
  does n't that apply to a lot of the arguments here from peripheral member states ? 
  or some usda prime or alberta aaa . 
  different taste and texture from argentinian but still lovely . 
  in the south , cypriot greek is spoken . 
  it 's a very different dialect and as a greek immigrant in cyprus described it : they speak rural greek , i speak city greek . 
  beautiful country that gives copper its name ; copper used to be called cyprium by the romans . 
  if you ever get the chance to visit the castle , i 'd highly recommend it . 
  it 's built with an odd symmetry that uses the golden ratio of 1.618 , something photographers may be aware of for composition . 
  i agree . 
  it 's too little too late . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  how many countries have you lived in ? 
  i 'm guessing that based on your warped and uninformed generalisation of 17-62 million people that it 's just 1 country . 
  regardless , branding a group you disagree with politically as racist or xenophobic never works . 
  you 're delusional . 
  the uk is one of the least xenophobic countries not just in europe , but the entire world . 
  i have , but i 'm unable to find an answer to my question . 
  i get the * subsidi\u00e4rer schutz * point which is directly related to topic of the op . 
  it seems you 're referring to subsidiary protection and i 'm referring to refugee status , thus we 're not actually debating the same thing . 
  everything is still up in the air , especially with the non-enviable position may finds herself in . 
  if she 's ousted within the next few months , which may seem likely , then another election could give the opposition parties enough seats to push for a second referendum . 
  i guess in a perfect world , an informed electorate could choose between a ) `` full brexit '' ; b ) efta membership ; c ) scrap brexit altogether . 
   article 16a only refers to political asylum . 
  i 'm being genuine , so please enlighten me as i 'm inundated with newspeak around here in germany . 
  if the people who entered this country illegally , while crossing many other countries , are not considered political refugees , then what do you suggest they are ? 
  the funny thing is that `` pasta away-a hungry '' sounds like a genuine italian accent , 
  if the eu could commit to reforms a little deeper than what the commission offered to cameron before the referendum , there 's a chance a new referendum could be held to reverse brexit . 
  that would be in everybody 's interest . 
  i think it 's unlikely this would happen , but the entirety of uk politics is a shitshow right now so anything could happen , i suppose . 
   also everyone has the right to try to claim asylum sorry , no . 
  refer to article 16a , paragraph ( 2 ) of the grundgesetz . 
   paragraph ( 1 ) of this article ** may not be invoked by a person who enters the federal territory from a member state of the european communities ** translates to * any persons from the recent migrant waves over the mediterranean , arriving from land border with germany , has no right to asylum under the german constitution ( the supreme law of the land ) * ( semantics : yes , they can try ; no , they 're not eligible ), 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
  i 'm not disputing that economic policies vary among member states . 
  germany and sweden are not the same . 
  neither are austria and the netherlands . 
  so neither are the uk and germany . 
  of course each country will champion its own quirks and styles of monetary and economic policies . 
  northern europe ( germany , netherlands , luxembourg , austria , sweden , denmark , etc. ), 
  all fall roughly inline with each other as liberal free markets . 
  the northern countries have more in common with each other than they do italy or spain . 
  the uk belongs to a northern european grouping . 
  so do n't read and do n't post if you 're against a particular political policy that has affects you , your family , your loved ones , your country or your tax contributions ? 
  sounds vaguely extreme . 
  to illustrate a counter-point : there are gun fights in detroit , chicago and atlanta all the time . 
  that does n't give us citizens the right to claim asylum in germany . 
  * especially if said us citizens had entered germany illegally . 
  i was expecting something like this to happen sooner or later , but i 'm surprised germany has n't been included because its one of the biggest benefactors of the more liberal-minded policies that the uk has influenced in the eu . 
  one of the main problems for the european union after the uk leaves is the lack of liberal-minded , free market , free traders . 
   britain 's exit will destroy the blocking minority of a northern liberal german-led coalition of states , and increase the potential for blocking minorities of southern mediterranean countries . 
  [ brexit has opened up big rifts among the remaining eu countries ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/staggers/2017/04/what-brexit-means-rest-eu ) it 's too early to say what the consequences will be and whether illiberal policies forced on more economically liberal countries will lead to further rifts or even if that will happen . 
  yeah there are the ones the size of cigarettes but they 're expensive and wasteful . 
  they 've never lasted me an evening . 
  so a weak criminal justice system which allows dangerous offenders to walk the streets and attempt to or commit atrocities . 
  when she said `` wir '' , she really meant she speaks for everybody else obviously . 
  germany is emboldened right now . 
  though even suggesting use of force against ee countries is probably the most insensitive and idiotic thing i 've heard from german politicians in days !, 
  surprise , surprise ? 
  seems a lot of them are known to police and yet this things just keep happening . 
  there 's delusional and then there 's this . 
  what have you been smoking and where can i get some ? 
   the greek left generally believes that the eu is a tool for unregulated capitalism , whereas the anglosphere will tell you that the eussr is the enemy of capitalism with its regulations and bureaucracy . 
  the two really are n't mutually exclusive . 
  the eu is seen by liberal free marketeers as anti-small business that 's too regulated and pro-big business that has just enough regulation to keep small businesses unable to compete . 
  here 's a real example that 's already hit my local e-cigarette shop in berlin : [ link ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/new-vaping-laws-everything-you-need-to-know-a6796206.html ) . 
  they may now only sell small packages of liquids and they 've seen a big drop in business , i assume because people are now ordering from other countries . 
  and damn has my quit smoking aide become expensive, 
  this should have been your first rebuttal because it 's on point and valid . 
  as i said , germany is n't in the business of helping out neighbours without benefit and strings attached . 
   british preferred bilateral agreements before pan-european cooperation . 
  exactly my point . 
  the uk is n't the only country that prefers this type of cooperation .
