`` little italy '' in italy . 
  cbsa can deny entrance to anybody and an individual officer can make that decision . 
  the guy is a criminal , so i 'm happy they decided to keep canada safe from that type of riff raff . 
  i do have a mate who 's been granted asylum many years ago from iraq who goes back once per year to baghdad . 
  i do n't think it 's a non-issue . 
  that sounds frightening . 
  we tried this in germany before as the french also did in the 19th century . 
  the soviets were also keen on uniting europe under its own banner of globalism . 
  excuse me . 
  it turns out you 're correct  i had the uk & ireland in the back of my mind but they have opt-outs . 
  eu law ? 
  you 're confusing the schengen agreement , of which cy is not a party to . 
  it 's become less safe for the gay community of which i 'm a member , and that 's not being noticed by the press . 
  mind you i do live within a 5 minute walk from refugee housing . 
  actually `` leave '' received around 8 % more than `` remain '' . 
  carry on . 
   its our union , you have to be a member to slagg it off . 
  and yet in my 30-odd years of life , i 've yet to meet a person without an opinion , more often strong than not , on american politics and their democratic direction . 
   establishing direct economic connections with other countries ( in eu it is possible ) it 's not possible , which seems to be why the uk decided to leave the eu . 
  no sir , the eu makes eu-wide decisions on trade and regulation . 
  not that i 'm personally against your movement ( and my opinion is completely irrelevant anyways ) , but the independence movement should focus on hard facts and not half-baked and misinformed delusions . 
  this is based on status quo & law/rulings which is subject to change depending on which direction the wind is blowing , 
  i spent a lot of last year working in the usa . 
  upon coming back to germany in november , things have not felt the same . 
  my neighbourhood in berlin does n't feel and is n't as safe as it was . 
  ymmv of course and it is n't universal but this is n't the safe place it used to be . 
  in fact many `` leavers '' had some pretty good ideas on what the future should hold including re-joining the efta and opening up more to the world and especially , from what i heard , the commonwealth countries . 
  the future path that the uk shall take is and always was in the hands of the government . 
  the fact that the government 's position was contrary to the wishes of the majority of the british public does n't change the fact that it 's now the government 's job to come up with a plan . 
  i did n't ask the religion of the turks whom i referred to , but based on the fact that turks are  98 % muslim , it would be a fair assumption . 
  it 's not . 
  but i can assure you that the divorce is very much a divorce in the traditional sense . 
  i see . 
  this is just an online forum  unfortunately , the same type of hatred exists in the real world since brexit which is a very sad state of affairs . 
  i have n't been to britain since the vote , but i can certainly report that some normally level-headed people that i know here in germany have said some very nasty things about the uk and its people . 
  to be fair , germany does have registered partnerships which include many of the benefits of marriage . 
  i should know , because both gay marriages i have witnessed have already been dissolved . 
  so there you have it , they also have a type of divorce , too . 
  the eu is a political project so countering that can not be considered racist . 
  i 've experienced very little homophobia in any of these countries , except for unintegrated men with migration background here in berlin ( read : unintegrated ) . 
  in my experience ( just mine ) , i view german society to be somehow cautiously welcoming but many wo n't consider foreigners as equals . 
  that is contrary to how i view british who will unreservedly accept visible minorities on merit . 
  if they are from britain , they are british and are treated as such . 
  edit : i hate generalizing , but i 'm just stating my personal experience . 
  it seems so . 
  why trade turkish weather that northerners flock to for miserable grey and rainy berlin if there 's no free dough ? 
  so this was the european political class , along with their own , that the british voted against . 
  i would suggest that hate for a political class or the misguided goal of unwanted political union does n't necessarily signify xenophobia or racism . 
  get out and travel a little bit around european countries and you 'll see that we mostly all get along quite well . 
  it is n't just greek fuck ups . 
  the whole entire eurosystem was a colossal mistake made by politicians , pressured by the french as a precondition for reunification . 
  i wo n't say that most economists at the time were against the single currency , but it did n't lack controversy and large opposition . 
  i will point out that german industry has profited handsomely at the expense of periphery countries . 
  in the meantime , many german banks are in very weak positions and perhaps on the brink of collapse . 
  another article painting the brits as xenophobic and racist * sigh * i for one find the uk as one of the most open and tolerant countries i 've ever been to . 
  certainly the most tolerant and accepting of other cultures in europe . 
  there does n't seem to be any other way to give the greeks their dignity back other than giving them a clean slate . 
  in my opinion , german millenials seem to have a very selective memory . 
  there also seems to be a real ignorance of what the euro has done to the rest of europe among my generation . 
  ... and one rule for everybody else . 
  i 'm pretty sure that hundreds of sexual assaults and robberies during silvester celebrations are not a normal thing in any city in germany . 
  on the contrary , it was reported that everything went well which stinks of a cover-up . 
  it was n't just the state media that censored it either . 
  censorship that does n't sound too dissimilar from our zdf and ard , especially on and around new years eve . 
  it may have been workable if there was a federal structure in place like the united states , but that has n't been supported by the peoples of europe then and it is n't now . 
  in any case , it was a mistake without those structures in place . 
  from a purely economic and monetary point of view , it was n't just a mistake , but a disastrous one . 
  i just do n't believe that most europeans dig the eu . 
  i would agree that most are more cautious than the british are of leaving the european union , but there 's no real love for the eu among the general population in most countries i 've been to this year ; that 's a total of 9 countries inside the eu i 've visited . 
  i do n't believe these polls ask the right questions because in my experience , most people are a little more reserved in making their misgivings with the eu known . 
  just based on my experience in meeting people in bars , a little bit of alcohol is required for a lot of people to tell you what the really think , 
  taxpayer-funded . 
  i definitely get your point on turkey in nato but i think turkey is more of an anomaly among nato members . 
  it really ca n't be described as a western liberal free democracy anymore , if you could ever really describe it as such . 
  good !, 
  use your aggressive feelings , boy . 
  let the hate flow through you !, 
  i still hear oettinger speaking like that in my head , 
  the same pennsylvania that recent voted for donald trump ? 
  lol, 
   when is the last time britain was great and not a broken mess ? 
  that would be before britain and her allies went to war twice to restore peace and save her friends on the european peninsula . 
  i hear canada and the netherlands still enjoy special relations because of what happened in wwii . 
  i have a cynical view that we 're going to eventually get something similar to the status quo after the entire show is over . 
  there 's too much big money invested in the european political system to go down that easily . 
  the show will be interesting , but i 'd guess the outcome will be some kind of hybrid swiss-norwegian-ceta-half-in-half-out type of agreement . 
  yet another category of country is [ not unprecedented ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2a/supranational_european_bodies_with_nato_members-en.svg/2000px-supranational_european_bodies_with_nato_members-en.svg.png ) . 
  interesting perspective coming from a banana republic ( love seeing your flair ) occupied by 17,000 of erdogan 's troops , along with being inundated with so many illegal settlers from anatolia . 
  i love cyprus so i think the above is a bit more important than hating on the british who contribute so much to cypriot economy . 
  a bunch of bilateral treaties with a guillotine clause that would cancel all of them if one were to break down . 
  so no eea membership but something that resembles eea . 
  i mean , the names smith and johnson definitely indicate antarctic ancestry / s, 
  what you 're proposing would effectively mean eliminating corporate lobbying and cronyism , which has a lovely side effect of making politicians less corruptible by big business . 
  i agree with the sentiment either way . 
  that does n't change the fact that capitalism is n't cronyism , it 's just the corrupt form of quasi-capitalism we 've grown up with is n't capitalism . 
  you should swap the words capitalism and corporatism to make sense . 
  no need to redefine existing words , 
   captialism is a fairly new invention and , even today , most indigenous tribes do n't use it . 
  trade and barter is by no means a new system . 
  capitalism goes something like this : i have something you can benefit from and you have something i can benefit from .
