  we trade with each other whatever both of us agree is a suitable exchange . 
  private trading , which is what capitalism is , has been around since recorded history . 
  screw that !, 
  erdogan is a maniac and i 'm happy he 's using his and his ministers ' own voice ( s ) to uncover that fact . 
  you do n't get to choose who has the freedom to express themselves because you do n't agree with what they 're saying or even if what they 're saying is wrong or ` fake news ' . 
  that 's what libel laws are for , to be decided by a judge in a court of law . 
  that is probably what makes the entire point against this stupid headline . 
  we 've been down this slippery slope with freedom of speech before several times in the past century . 
  it 's sad how easily we all forget this . 
  edit : i ca n't believe we 're having this debate on / r/europe of all places . 
  the continent seeing some of the most brutal anti-free speech dictators in modern history . 
  culminating no less in giving the contract of censorship to the amadeu antonio stiftung , chaired by no other than anetta kahane , a former informant for the stasi . 
  the stasi , the secret service which had friends and family spying on each other for political favours . 
   merkel simply likes to think before she acts while not deviating too far from the usual methods i 'm not going to beat around the bush and say this has n't anything to do with the migrant crisis , but allegedly , she invited a wave of an unknown quantity of migrants unchecked into the country because she did n't want any photographs taken at border crossings . 
  i hardly call that well-planned political maneuvering . 
  it 's utterly unreasonable behavior , especially considering the fact thousands of men , women and children were dying in the mediterranean because `` mother merkel '' invited an unlimited number of people to germany . 
  she did n't think about how to handle this at any step of the way , sending out different signals about how it should be handled every other week back in 2016 . 
  no , the moment that young palestinian girl was crying on the television , she changed course and abandoned her previously sane , albeit shallow , position on the crisis . 
  that 's not leadership , that 's flip-flopping . 
  the cdu government also broke budget and spending rules , while sitting atop a high horse demanding smaller countries not do the same . 
  hardly a leadership quality . 
   just because she does n't run around and put herself in the spotlight i did n't allude to any spotlights . 
  on the contrary , a leader should just shut up , govern and let people live their lives . 
  or from another viewpoint : a politician asked for access to tools to suppress political dissent . 
  she 's hardly seen as a strong leader . 
  on the contrary , many cdu party members that i know view her as weak among themselves . 
  very much of a `` who else do we have to replace her ? '', 
  attitude . 
  merkel has barely ever been an initiator of change , but rather a reactor to it . 
  i view her weakness as a contributing factor to the fact that brexit happened , but that 's a personal opinion . 
  i 'm convinced that if a couple of things over the past couple of years were handled differently by angela merkel , the uk would have voted to remain a member state of the european union by a small margin . 
  she praises european unity but when it comes to something that may be slightly unfavourable to germany for the sake of other member states , all bets are off . 
  it 's all subjective anyways . 
  some view her qualities as those of a leader while others view her as out-of-touch and foolish . 
   but do have to follow them if they want to trade with eu i never understood how people can accept this line hook , line and sinker . 
  i 've never heard an argument from canadians that in order to trade with the united states , they would have to adopt the second amendment of the united states constitution . 
  edit : can i ask : does the device you 're currently using to access reddit come from a country that conforms to european human rights laws ? 
  i assume it was made in china , no ? 
  well said . 
  i agree with you almost completely . 
  i could n't agree with you more on a two-tier system . 
   more both since all members of the eu are in the oecd . 
  respectfully , it really was the us which forced transparency and it effectively made the united states one of the only and biggest tax havens in the world . 
  [ a bit from wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_as_a_tax_haven#extent ), 
   so they accept the rules or ... that 's it . 
  i think i understand what you 're saying , but not fully . 
  the swiss voted in favour of ending it all while the government overturned the will of the people . 
  it 's not a representative democracy , lawmakers ca n't defy what voters want , even if they believe it 's a mistake . 
   this is simply another case of a country want it 's cake and eating it and that is no longer acceptable . 
  that 's an unfair analogy to use for the swiss . 
  they have always been fiercely independent and have always rejected membership of the european union and the eea . 
  free trade seems to be something they have an appetite for , though . 
   perfect example of that is how they are slowly having to make their banking system more transparent due to eu requirements . 
  again , unfair . 
  they opened up very little for eu countries , the hand that forced switzerland to become more transparent was america 's via the oecd . 
  well the majority of swiss voters in the 2014 referendum did vote to end free movement . 
  the voters knew that it could mean tearing up all eea association ( bilateral treaties ) via the guillotine clause . 
  the lawmakers disregarded , imo illegally , the will of the people . 
  * so no , they do n't accept it . 
  do n't be surprised when a new referendum is held to end all schengen involvement . 
  * i 'm not swiss , nor a lawyer . 
  just my understanding of the constitution . 
   building a wall really is 10 steps to far , even for the avg pvv voter i guess . 
  then i guess they would n't have voted for either bill , hillary or barack either . 
  since , uh , they built and supported building walls on the border during their times in office . 
  too many people give president trump too much credit for the idea of a wall . 
  this is nothing new in america . 
   how do you tell if someone is a refugee or not ? 
  because i asked them . 
  you 're lucky not to have experienced any of the chaos . 
  being a gay guy is certainly no longer as safe as it was . 
  i 've seen the chaos in berlin and bavaria so far . 
  i even witnessed an assault on a woman by two afghan men on their way to germany while i was in salzburg a couple months ago . 
  i 've been looking for a new flat to rent or buy and ca n't seem to find anything better than where i am now in berlin . 
  if i were to move out and then move back in to the my current flat , rent would rise by around 70-80 % . 
  been like that for a while mate . 
  honestly , the same could have been asked of germany and kanzlerin merkel 's handling of the ongoing the migrant crisis . 
  there never seems to be obvious plans in place to handle much of anything happening these days under her premiership . 
  but i think the answer to your question is that the political class was completely disconnected from the people and could n't even fathom that they would n't have gone along with the recommendation of a * remain * vote . 
  barcelona has physical limits as it 's surrounded by mountains/hills . 
  they had no choice but to build up and not out . 
  i agree that they did it quite nicely , 
   the reality is that the us needs the far more self-sufficient eu market of 500million people then the eu needs the us . 
  i 'd like to think you wanted to put an / s at the end of that sentence . 
  apply for asylum in the first safe country you arrive in after escaping your circumstances . 
  from there , international help is available as it is in turkey . 
  in germany , that 's the law . 
  i did n't write the laws . 
  the next set of corrupt politicians that make the rules . 
  the ones they elect . 
  asylum is a right where i 'm from . 
  what is n't a right is to cross 10 different countries to end up where the social benefits are the highest . 
  in germany , asylum is not a right if you 've crossed into the country from another eu member state . 
  anyways , most migrants here are from what are considered safe third countries . 
  i 'd love to see a european country with a modern success story like google and there was some hope back in the day , at least with norway 's fast search & transfer . 
  it was gobbled up by microsoft though . 
  unfortunately , i do n't believe the euro or erm/erm ii has helped very much , contrary to what the article suggests . 
  as few countries have profited greatly from the euro , one has and it 's germany . 
  with that said , conditions for starting a serious and viable business in this country are not optimal . 
  in germany , we seem to have a lot of copy cat-type businesses like zalando which , instead of investing in r&d , simply use already existing business models and ideas .
