sure . 
  enjoy your echo chamber, 
  probably because it 's partly true and r/europe does n't like any criticism of their european superstate . 
  `` however , few specific details are known and a full , workable agreement may take some time . '', 
  knowing the eu , it should be finalised by about 2027 then . 
  great news . 
  yes, 
  so ... the eu have fined google for using its own search engine to promote its own products . 
  lmao . 
  they 're getting desperate, 
  of course . 
  they love their handouts, 
  he 's a monumental twat . 
  yeah that 's exactly what happened, 
  what 's your point ? 
  so because we would n't be able to survive a nuclear war we should n't retaliate ? 
  that 's just stupid . 
   he can still comment on your comment even if hes not from britain . 
  that 's cool . 
  did i say otherwise ? 
  i just wan na know where he 's from considering he wants to attack my nationality . 
  that 's all . 
   its not like he has to be british like us to understand when someone is bring absolute 0 to the discussion are just there to say im here . 
  1 ) i did n't say he did have to be british . 
  you 're arguing against something i never said . 
  try again . 
  2 ) `` bring absolute 0 '' . 
  lol what ? 
  what is this five year old vocabulary ? 
  try again . 
  3 ) i did n't add nothing to the discussion anyway . 
  i said `` lol '' . 
  which is me laughing at how stupid this article is . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  he then attacked me and my nationality for no reason while hiding where he 's from himself . 
  so who 's in the wrong here ? 
  there 's no discussion to be had . 
  this article is just a crock of shit . 
  that 's all . 
  my nationality is irrelevant . 
  where are you from ? 
  flair up rather than just attacking me . 
  loooool, 
  they 're rubbish at football, 
  i swear this is like the 60th time this has been posted, 
  i swear . 
  go through the comment history of anyone with an ireland flair and all of it will be about us . 
  they 're scarily obsessed . 
  holy shit this was already posted yesterday . 
  let it go now . 
  this moron does n't represent us all . 
  southern ireland is part of the british isles, 
  fair enough, 
  i 'm amazed at how seriously people take eurovision, 
  lol . 
  three comments in about a minute . 
  find something better to do . 
  and why are going through my comment history anyway ? 
  that 's just low mate . 
  as for that comment - it was a joke . 
  but i would n't expect someone who spends his life expressing his faux hatred towards another country on r/europe to have a very good sense of humour . 
  could be worse . 
  you could 've lost to iceland, 
  you literally spend your life posting inflammatory irish nationalist and anti-british posts in r/europe . 
  why act surprised when heated discussions break out and/or people downvote your constant spam ? 
  reading through the comment section of this post , i can completely understand why no one wants to see this shit . 
  believe it or not the british empire , more or less , ceased to exist by the 60s . 
  ww1 and 2 done a number on us . 
  and why are you moving the goal posts anyway ? 
  the reasons for us being the 4th biggest economy are irrelevant . 
  all that matters is that we was . 
  ah well , i 'm glad you 're done with this now . 
  nice speaking to you . 
   fifth biggest economy thanks to the eu . 
  utter nonsense . 
  the uk has always been one of the biggest economies . 
  in the 60s ( shortly before we joined the eu ) the uk was the 4th biggest economy . 
  go look up the facts . 
   uk has entered as the sick man of europe , extreme hyperbole . 
  eu or not we 'll still be better off then the majority of european countries . 
  go and look at eu unemployment figures mate . 
   it will returns soon like the old days . 
   thank you for the banks . 
  no problem . 
  hit me up when the banks actually leave . 
  until then , pipe down with the fear mongering . 
  can you just stop this now . 
  you clearly have n't got a clue what you 're talking about . 
  this is boring . 
  go and concern yourself with someone else . 
   i do n't hate uk , luckly half of british people is ok , i 'm sure they 're relieved . 
  ca n't have u/ooo _ yep on reddit hating them . 
  am i right ? 
  you wan na know something as well ; that means you like me !, 
  i did n't vote to leave the eu !, 
  amazing right ? 
  are we friends ? 
   but i do n't like the leaver voters you do n't like people for having a different political opinion ? 
  how very nasty and intolerant . 
  strange as well .
