  : / some people over here who studied history are probably still butthurt that constitution of may 3 removed the last remaining bits of lithuanian independence within commonwealth . 
  probably non-poles of the mid-20th century were butthurt about that , too , so it is n't taught in high school . 
  yeah , i read some wiki about pilsudski and noticed he wished for a ` multicultural poland ' . 
  funny to me , because a few days ago i read that one of the reasons of cossack revolt in 17th ( was it 17th ? ), 
  was because after the lublin union , kievan state ( duchy ? ), 
  passed to polish crown , which was somewhat less tolerant than dukes of lithuania . 
  but still , my point was that in xxth century many of the eastern european countries rebuilt , or in some cases , created their states , thus the vulnerability to dictatorships ( see belarus , ukraine today ) and respecting those dictators should come with care , because it 's likely that their successors nowadays are scum of earth , and not what they had been before . 
  i was very butthurt when i saw that such an at-first-glance modern website like reddit is so backwards on mentality ... 
  but , then again , it 's mostly western european culture-based , and they never suffered the true communism as it was , the glorious haven of all the nutjobs , lazy asses , snitches , pricks and traitors . 
  no hard feelings towards what has happened in the past , but , in my opinion , it 's stupid to view fascists , socialists and nationalists of mid-20th century as national heroes . 
  for example , lithuanian authoritarian president smetona was an ok ruler and stuff , but nowadays , his ` heirs ' , nationalist party , are complete trash of lithuania and work for russian interests , not lithuanian . 
  it 's funny because the equality in ussr was very ironic . . 
  most of the money that ussr had was concentrated in the hands of the communist party highest ranking officers , and they spent the money on their children education in best universities of western europe , for example . 
  everyone else were equally as poor . 
  i 'd like to point out , though , that anti-russian foreign policy is not what caused the high gas prices . 
  it 's the other way around - anti-russian foreign policy is a result of it , because of monopoly of gazprom . 
  that 's why the previous government did everything it could to have more sources of electricity and gas , for example a nuclear plant , shale gas scouting , lng terminal , connections of electricity grids to other eu countries . 
  however , the current , eastern and communist-minded government of lithuania is tryharding to mess everything up in such a way that the previous , modern and efficient government would be the one to blame for lithuania 's failures . 
   life was much easier for a dumb/unskilled person back then   less inequality , everyone had an equally shitty life mostly wow , so much truth . 
  you 're a genius . 
  it 's a shame that the mentality of ` anyone who lives better than me is a thief and a criminal ' + making a living on social guarantees still lives on at this day in most post-soviet countries . 
  so stupid . 
  i think in latvia and lithuania the situation is that older people would probably vote for ` harm ' and all the younger ones who were n't born or were infants/children during 80s would say it was beneficial . 
  in estonia , the results would probably be even more towards the beneficial pole , but i ca n't say for true , because lithuania and estonia took quite different roads after dissolution of ussr in social aspects of citizens ' lives . 
  oh , besides , in lithuania we have a popular saying , that is viewed with respect by older people and younger generations use with heavy sarcasm - `` it was better with the rus '' , or , as i like to change it - `` it was better to lie under the rus '' . 
  though recently this phrase is giving up its prominence to another , often spoken by economists , university professors and businessmen - `` lithuania has never lived as well as it does now . '', 
  looks like the fictional [ house tully banner ] ( http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/file:tullyvo.png ) in a full retard mode . 
  this guy is cool , but got annoying really fast . 
  at first he seemed funny , i even followed him and his political pages on facebook . 
  however , then he , along with many other liberal fb posters , began shittalking the conservatives for their harsh , but almost always on point and necessary shittalking of other political parties , especially the socialdemocrats . 
  ts-lkd is probably the only political entity absolutely not afraid to take a popularity hit for something necessary , yet , sometimes , for something stupid as well . 
  also , this guy was one of the most vocal critics of ` vote conservative or you 're a communist ' mentality the ts has , but it did n't take long for his own ` vote liberal or you 're a fascist or a conservatnik ' mentality to surface , putting both parties on the same level . 
  all in all , i think he will be a great member of the council , but that 's all where i 'm willing to vote for liberals . 
  in seimas , ts-lkd is their only legit ally , but since they keep shooting at their ally , they might find themselves alone real soon , and with that , lithuania in as bad position as it is now , with the retarded left-wing and criminals ' coalition . 
  it 's funny how people literally write essays about how austerity is ineffective yet almost every eastern european country resorted to harsh austerity measures during the crisis and they all had top growth numbers not only until they hit pre-crisis levels , but also beyond . 
  the difference between state-enforced and state-endorsed punishment is basically 0 . 
  guilty of being different , that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  i do n't see big difference between a homosexual losing his head because he is gay and another homosexual getting beaten up in streets in broad daylight and then when he takes the offenders to court the homosexual himself is sentenced guilty . 
  is that a fancy word for offensively ? 
  exactly . 
  official tolerance and real tolerance ( whatever the naming ) are two different things . 
  while on terms of official tolerance no eu country is even remotely close to the best korea/russian/islam world levels of shittyness , i know for fact that over here in lithuania , it 's still shitty for minorities except for a few places in the biggest cities . 
  i can only assume than in all eu countries that joined in 2004 , the situation is quite similar , except estonia , which is , well , estonia . 
  stalin 's actually jealous he and his minions were n't tried in trials like his bff 's lackeys were . 
  the excitement , the adrenaline . 
  looks like you do n't really know how democracy works, 
  did n't they say back then that medieval times did n't even exist ? 
  you know , feudalism , serfdom , opression of glorious minimal wage workforce . . 
  blame europe and hope it will help oh wait, 
  to prevent massive kid graves in middle of paris , london and shitmurica . 
   america is the good guys and russia the bad guys or what ? 
  no shit , sherlock, 
  some top-tier communism apologism shit here what 's next , saying hitler was n't that bad after all ? 
  the fact that soviet union promoted a way of life centered around the common workers and these common workers still lived a fucking shit of life compared to the west makes them disreputable . 
  what love is do n't baby hurt more of us more us, 
  see , the whole idea that you can give me a rusty one for free and someone actually paid whatever number of thousands of euros is what makes it awesome . . and you - a dumbass . 
  everything about those statues is glorifying the ussr , * especially * the worker and farmlady , two people who were not smart enough to be exterminated . 
  that feeling when someone does n't get the awesomeness and irony behind vamzdis yet thinks that soviet crap should be preserved like st. lenin is . 
  post-soviet mentality . 
  there must always be a master and his slaves . 
  you see , alliances like eu or nato do n't exist . 
  oh , and ` murica is shithole , while soviet union is heaven on earth , where everyone was spiritual and friendly , nevermind that american gdp was like 65465465x larger than the soviet one, 
  it kinda sucks when the last sane guy of their government was murdered 97 years ago and he was n't even that sane to begin with, 
  i 'm pretty sure they already lost solidarity of eastern europe , as all those countries had it way worse before the crisis and dealt with it without bullshit , populism , or unnecessary referendums . 
  i 'm surprised this is n't a ` right is gon na right ' post , but , then again , in baltics , you either vote right , or you vote for commies . 
  raised retirement pays, 
  well then it 's the voters ' problem, 
  nazi jew, 
  move on , lithuanians . 
  vote conservatives or enjoy nepotism and corruption . 
  lenin is back , boys !, 
  yeah , but this guy does n't have the skill to deal with the crisis , so his carreer is * ded * , and gladly . 
  eu will not crumble by letting shits like tsipras dig his own grave , lie in it and then bury himself from within . 
  giving benefit of doubt for these blackmailing shits after they fail over and over again to get their shit together , however , does n't help . 
  he 's probably mad the gays stole all the gays and he ca n't date anyone now, 
  by this logic the stalins that were removed during the era were removed illegally . 
  what about, 
  looks like these guys have not yet finished their session, 
  the car would break because of terrible roads without even reaching kazan , i bet . 
  `` sports are not politics '' they said . 
  public opinion surveys about neonazi country expanding through annexation are not politics , either , sure . 
  italy working towards being the most hated country in europe , well played . 
  how about a deal with putin after this ? 
  absolutely not . 
  they can spin it any way they want to , nobody cares anyway about what putin today is talking . 
  it 's not like those neomarxists are contributing , either, 
   i do n't think it stands out , personally for me , nothing will ever stand out in eurovision after lordi and lt united  and of course this [ legendary song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obb07oo_j6c ), 
  i did n't watch , was is that bad ? 
  there 's been quite some hype on lithuanian part of facebook . 
  maybe even the most positive responses from critics and fans since lt united . 
   they could have had their allegedly so-wanted state a long time ago ... 
  exactly . 
  too bad their goal is complete eradication of israel . 
  maybe if the civilian population did n't want to suffer the consequences of wars they should n't have elected a god damn terrorist group as their leaders ? 
  i 'm surprised nobody has yet posted something about us organizing the maidan events in ukraine regarding the number of shitposts already present in this thread, 
  how is giving political leverage to a terrorist state progressive now ? 
  treaty of georgiviesk , however , does n't prevent georgia from declaring independence and allying to whoever it wants to . 
  if i come to a place where i want to spend some money and see it does n't take credit cards , i immediately assume it does n't want people to spend their money there , simple for me . 
  the same system is used in lithuania and it 's as easily abused . 
  a party , judged guilty for tax fraud , changed their name and won 2nd place in the last election .
