  more precisely , they hate not the countries themselves , but the free market and zero tolerance for lazy asses . 
  in us and eu you got ta try and try hard to get rich ( or get lucky with parents ) , while in glorious soviet union everyone was equally poor and everyone could steal shitloads of stuff from their workplaces and nobody cared about that . 
  it 's reddit , and everyone here knows that the world is ruled by illuminati jewish corporations who control us and all the police and governments . 
  roma can not be blamed for crimes they do , because illuminati jewish corp. 
  they do n't even need the military when they have the whole / r/conspiracy and / r/worldpolitics and / r/politics nutjob army . 
  yeah , eastern europe is so 20th century . 
  there are huge differences between western eastern and eastern eastern now , and in some cases between western eastern as well , with northern western eastern doing better economically than southern western eastern lately . 
  lillies sounds nice . 
  just like in every free market , there will come a time when the seller ( russia ) will need the buyer ( europe ) for its product more than the buyer will need the seller . 
  and at that moment , when the resources blackmail foreign policy stops working , authoritarian regime in kremlin stops working too , and lots of bad and good stuff might happen . 
  the joke 's on the president , not on the people . 
  unless people love him , then on people too . 
  no , it is not , since we 're discussing contribution , and in the end someone declares that only a part of alliance won the war because they contributed the most . 
  this is bullshit mentality . 
  you say the question is n't who won the war , yet you are the one to initiate the talk about how they are won . 
  please decide . 
   soviets killed the most germans and captured berlin , which you know is how you win wars . 
  this does not make sense . 
  it was a war of two alliances . 
  if troops of one alliance enter the capital of the enemy and force it to surrender some time later it does n't mean that only one country of alliance won . 
  it means the whole alliance did . 
  yeah , it is really ugly that one side gets a trial for war crimes and the other gets away with the same just because they were allied with those who organized the trial . 
  fyi , executing a war prisoner who surrendered himself and his weapons is a war crime . 
  does not matter if it is a private or an officer . 
  the most interesting part of that video i find is when molotov says that finland is a moral threat to soviet union . 
  typical russian-fascist son of a bitch , and so familiar to every eastern european now , when we see a soviet union 2.0 rise . 
  hopefully it will take less than 70 years before it falls for good . 
  and maybe to never rise again . 
  by that logic soviets actually lost the war because they lost the most men . 
  i once listened to an american political scientist 's lecture about russia and cold war and how us participated in it and one of his key points was that proxy wars - all those wars between minor nations of the world fought not by russian or american forces themselves , but by locals , supported financially and intellectually by either of the two - required a shitton of money and specialists , and nato ( us ) won the war of attrition because capitalism just worked better and us had more resources ( not natural gas , i 'm talking about money and specialists when i say/said resources ) than the soviets . 
  after all , it makes sense . 
  soviet union was n't conquered , but fell apart because of how terribly ineffective planned economy was compared to free market , dissident in the western ` republics ' and puppet states , and so on . 
  it just could n't afford to keep fighting all those proxy wars against richer and intellectually superior west . 
  too bad i do not recall the name of the lecturer . 
  chill the fk out . 
  this comment of mine was the comment to op , which meant that the topic was contribution towards defeating germany . 
  as far as i know pacific ai n't germany . 
  they could n't build a communist norway just out of that , so that 's why they left , i think . 
  you know , we should argue more about the allies ' involvement in the war and totally let russia start up a * `` soviet union won the ww2 singlehandedly and then was backstabbed by evil allies and destroyed in cold war by treachery '' * propaganda campaign once it 's bored of its current campaign about ukraine and eastern european countries in eu . 
  then it would be easier to solve our differences because we would once again have a common enemy in the open , rather than one hiding as peacekeepers , green men , and * peaceful separatists with 99.8 turnout referendums * . 
  and opinions are irrational , which is why they should n't be taken seriously . 
  you guys are the luckiest europeans . 
  probably the only ones which had russians actually leave on their own . 
  nobody is denying soviet input to the war , however some people here are trying to diminish us input to the war to laughable levels . 
  just as much as allies opened second front in normandy they also prevented japan from doing so in asia . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  us economy at the time was humongous . 
  only because of it the world survived axis and then warsaw pact , and that costed them dearly in the long run , but at least free trade and democracy survived against dictatorships . 
  the poll is very arbitrary because contribution of the factors can not be measured mathematically . 
  us mostly contributed with cash and resources , both us and uk - with naval superiority , while soviet union lost the most lives . 
  unless someone figures out how many red army troops are equivalent to british ships , then go on with those polls . 
  else you just measure the perception of allies , not the factual contribution . 
  and also have wages cut by 25 percent . 
  i have no doubt as well that those who are rational do not blame the king for it , but , as i said , there are some people who just need to blame someone , whatever or whoever it is . 
  monarchy is fine as a ceremonial figure or as a figure that raises national unity , like british monarch . 
  for everything else - i agree , skill means more than birth in our world . 
  you ca n't blame the king for current economical situation and expecting democracy will solve everything automatically is also naive . 
  though i do n't know how much power spanish king has , if it 's anything like the british monarch then these protests just show that these people do n't think rationally , they just look for someone to blame for all their problems , which means that there is no win-win situation . 
  these people who blame the king right now will most likely blame prime minister when he takes harsh measures to stabilize the economy . 
  look at lithuania - conservatives got through the crisis really well and the uneducated rural majority outvoted educated people from cities and the studens and we have a socialdemocrat government now which sucks at everything and was actually the one to blame for crisis . 
  all just because of socialdemocrat propaganda how bad conservatives are and that they robbed the poor villagers . 
  russians encounter hostility in baltic states every day ? 
  well that 's news to me . 
  peace comes when both neighbours have the capability to threaten each other . 
  you 'd speak different if you lived 50 years under soviet regime . 
   for example we elect a government that thinks devaluing currency is a great solution to all of our problems the current lithuanian government is populist left oriented and in 2008 - 2012 they whined that the right wing government borrowed too much money . 
  some time ago the guy who was prime minister during the few years before the crisis said the 2008 - 2012 government borrowed not enough . 
  if they had been the ruling party during the crisis lithuania would have went full greece . 
  the only country in europe still playing along sphere of influence mentality is russia , actually . 
  everyone in nato is equal and joined on their own free will . 
  it has been proven more than enough times that the price rise is weaker than wage rise after euro . 
  of course ukraine would fall even lower without russian aid in crimea and donestk and luhansk . 
  yeah , so kremlin could spread more propaganda about how it 's saving russian citizens , because apparently these days speaking russian = potentially russian citizen = needs an army of green men to save this person from a country with better living standards into another with worse standards . 
  ukraine is first and foremost ukrainian country . 
  also , independant from russia for over twenty years . 
  maybe it 's time to learn the official language now and stop qq over a thing that never really happened ( the ban ) ? 
  no , it 's not a problem for ukraine or ukrainians at all . 
  however it 's a problem for russia and putin and even for those russians that live half a world away . 
  care to explain why you are whining about people not being able to get out of the lower class into the middle and when i told that majority of my social circle actually did that once soviet union fell and we joined eu you say we are still peasants ? 
  based on your logic , no one should ever try to become middle class from lower class just because you could be right in an internet argument where you are trying to prove some bullshit that eu is bad . 
  lol . 
  you just contradicted yourself . 
  too bad . 
  no , his opinion is the truth , and all who stand in the way of big brotin are shits brainwashed by obama propaganda machine . 
  globe lies , eyes do n't . 
  earth is flat . 
  if there were no evil western corporations , there would be no workplaces for those glorious workers to make computers . 
  and those workers are able to break the bonds and get educated and live well enough . 
  every my relative i know of is a fine example of that and many of my older brothers ' friends . 
  so the region around st. petersburg is * still * called leningradskaya ? 
  wtf are those people thinking . 
  yeah , the same . 
  you need to factor in the western/eastern europe mentality , even if it 's roma . 
  in western europe , rules are so that people would respect them . 
  in eastern europe , rules exist so people would find a way to get around . 
  thanks to our good friends from west , though , there are more and more ( especially among those born in 90s ) that act like western european . 
  it 's not racist , it 's not anti-democratic . 
  it 's justice delivered to parasites . 
   for a start russia would never try ( putin is n't stupid ) thinking like that is just stupid .
