  you have been banned from r/russia, 
  well , there 's a lot of steppe , for one ... 
   the only thing this sanctions are doing is alienating crimea and the pro-russian part of east ukraine even more let them enjoy their heaven , i say . 
  austerity is a policy that sometimes works , and sometimes does not , just like every other policy . 
  saying that austerity never works is just really , really stupid . 
  but , then again , maybe that kind of stupid is very common in countries which did n't have to live with soviet bullshit all those years ago and do not feel the post-soviet mentality nowadays , where every village drunk and idiot feels he 's entitled to a large minimal wage and social guarantees larger than the wage of a skilled university gruaduate . 
  and the careless spending was ok . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  and then raised the social benefits with borrowed money ? 
  because he would n't be a tsar if he did n't kill half of his parliament and banish the other half , or at least wished to do so . 
  the modern lithuania , politically , is not a continuation of the grand duchy of lithuania of the medieval ages and renaissance , therefore , our country , actually , was established in 1918 , just like latvia or estonia . 
  march 11th is the ` restoration of independence ' day and february 16th is the ` independence day ' . 
  oh , and we also have january 13th , the ` defenders of freedom ' day or something like that , when we were attacked by soviet army ` on vacation ' to our parliament and radio towers . 
  to your first point - a wing does n't matter if a politician is a populist , or a retard . 
  threatening with appeal to emotion is as populist as it gets . 
  for the second - you really sound historically ignorant . 
  the only communist states that never exported death , gulags and inefficient country-running were the ones that would 've been done with in matter of weeks if they tried to . 
  also , i fail to see how hitler is worse than isis or communism . 
  well , unless you 're pro-appeasement westerner with the biggest threat to the sovereignity of his country and the survival of his nation being a hypothetical nuclear war situation . 
  third - i ca n't speak for others in this subreddit , but the neverending shitstorm asking more and more debt cuts from greece , to me , is very hostile attitude . 
  if they ca n't get their shit together , it 's their fault and then they threaten others . 
  wow , very grownups much mature . 
  fourth - this is really the same thing . 
  same shit, 
  i 'm taking this as a compliment, 
  i 'm grown up . 
  my country knows what it means to make a deal with kremlin and get punished for it whenever we do something kremlin does n't like . 
  western europe does n't know that . 
  if you wan na learn it the hard way , be my guest , but finding a way that only fucks you over and not us will be hard for you . 
  shucks , would n't it be nice to have every neighbour kiss your ass, 
  because it 's ok to be an ally of an openly fascist regime if your population was n't harmed by it ... 
  wait , netherlands ' population was harmed , but they show the middle finger to ukraine . 
  damn , i 'm confused . 
  hindsight is a thing , you know . 
  almost on the level of a russian propaganda troll claiming all the western media is a single hivemind . 
  got ta rack up those oppression points, 
  please , no , i hate mosquitoes . 
  netherland sounds like a zone in world of warcraft . 
  \\  meme arrows in a subreddit that does n't meme, 
  the thing is , kaliningrad is a militarized zit on the face of europe and the baltic states have a weak point in the polish-lithuanian border . 
  if it was cut off , there would be no land connection between rest of europe and baltic states , making reinforcement of baltic states somewhat problematic . 
  this is why we are pretty interested in getting sweden and finland into nato . 
  alright , so perkons is thunder , virsaitis is chieftain , glabejs is savior ... 
  so that leaves vairogs and zobens . 
  zobens sounds like * ass * , though , so it must be shield and the other is sword . 
  am i right ? 
  dude . 
  a fucking mod used mod status to divert discussion from painful territory to `` approved by great leader '' territory by ( falsely ) pointing out that putin was n't implicated in the panamapapers in that sub 's discussion of the first leak on sunday . 
  is n't that like one of the worst things a mod could do ? 
  * it experts introduce a list of comfortable , sensible new words for it inventions , using english as an example . 
  these words quickly grow into the language *  the users are wrong , the language must be defined by the language crusaders !, 
  * a bunch of bigoted tumblrinas start using gender neutral pronouns in their tumblrs . 
  then get offended in their middle schools when teachers fail to read their minds and address them with the feminine pronoun , as is usual in the rational world and the teachers get sued as a result *  the users define the language !, 
  it 's not necessary to have uranium deposits to get value from a nuclear power plant . 
  one of the reasons : the countries that export uranium do n't use it as political tool to make other countries their semi-satellites , like russia does . 
  tumblrinas should n't be able to define language , either . 
  as long as you are a minority , you get a pass to be a racist , sexist or whatever kind of bigot , it seems . 
  woke up this morning and knew reddit is going to be a terrible experience today . 
  came here , was surprised . 
  went to / r/russia to see the reaction . 
  priceless . 
  terrorism is a form of guerilla warfare that specifically aims at civilians , not military targets . 
  after the crimea bullshit , there were people in lithuanian facebook , most of them with suspiciously eastern slavic last names , branding the lithuanian post-ww2 militarised resistance against soviets ( 1944 - 1953 ) as terrorists . 
  `` nine eleven '' just sounds so much better than `` elevenine '', 
   to help us kill  they have to be killed . 
   just the same way nazis had to be killed is n't it funny that someone with actual solutions has us flag as his/her flair . 
  shame on europe , really . 
  they have some ideas , they just have n't found a way to present it as politically correct , yet . 
  do n't give them ideas , dude !, 
  in russia , you do n't save face by taking back a retarded statement or fixing a mistake you did . 
  in russia , you save face by going full retard . 
  yeah , i know why you do n't care . 
  because you lurk here to spew bigotry and hate . 
  you 're * happy * if someone makes a bad joke of a tragedy just because you can call them retards then . 
  in subs i lurk in , i do n't come and call everyone nazis and/or us shills ( oh the irony ), 
  [ but he 's just a retard guy who is talking too much !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vladimir_zhirinovsky ) nobody cares what he says !, 
  oh wait , how can someone become the speaker of parliament if nobody cares about him ? 
  edit : last time i checked , annexing fellow european clay was very anti-european . 
  first of all , i did n't mean only the baltic states , i meant europe . 
  secondly , was n't me who comes to alien subreddits to spew bigotry . 
  and finally , this official is going to lose his job and his career is done , like in a proper civilized country , because he 's been getting flak from everyone after this failed joke . 
  meanwhile someone who shouts ` annex x and fuck all the x ' gets career opp in your parliament , while ` do n't annex x ' has his political career screwed . 
  `` democracy '' . 
  oh , the classic ` you give yourself too much credit ' . 
  lovely . 
   what is unbelievable in my words ? 
  everything . 
  everyone knows [ russians are saints ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_the_baltic_states_ ( 1940 ) [ who never employ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silent_sejm ) [ deception of any kind ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation ) [ to achieve their imperalistic goals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_donbass ) obligatory / s. 
  * shrugs * in a subreddit you do n't belong to , given you shit on us 24/7 in / r/russia, 
  why are you here ? 
   are they actually stupid enough to believe that or do they just like problems to be swept under the rug and pretend they do n't exist ? 
  yes, 
  i legitimately ca n't tell it if you 're trolling me or not , so here 's another one . 
  the state was obviously not self sufficient , because its collapse correlates with oil price collapse . 
  what is ` the annexrussians ' ? 
  typical russians . 
  khrushchev , who was , by soviet standards , a pretty sensible politician ( all soviet politicians were retards by western standards ) , is heavily bashed nowadays because of many reasons , but mostly the crimean situation , while he actually stabilized the country and was the one who made soviets get one of their best trump cards in the cold war : cuba . 
  brezhnev , on the other hand , who ruined their ` glorious motherland ' economically , is glorified , because ` muh power projection ' . 
   retribution is bitch collective punishment is retarded  you should be happy that su did n't use german method you mean the su method , because their method was even better - they killed many more than nazis did and got away without getting any shit from the west .
