   how many germans would stay in poland anyway in hindsight , compared what a heaven west germany was to any soviet satellite state of the union itself , probably 0 . 
  but that does n't make it fair . 
   the state was for the most part self sufficient as seen by the 20-hour-long lines by empty supermarkets, 
  the biggest injustice of the 20th century - west dealt with one psycho , but not the other . 
  it 's easy to be a politician and harm your own country without getting any real flak for it . 
  all you need to do is come up with a retarded idea and if it has no support in the parliament , push for a referendum . 
  that 's how lithuania lost its chance at having a nuclear power plant and now all the trump cards are in the hands of kremlin , whose strategic resources monopoly we are trying to escape . 
  also , , our country almost fucked itself over a couple of years ago with the land sale referendum . 
  lizardmen conspiracy shits were threatening us nazigayjews will buy all our land and ship it to israel . 
  had it succeeded , lithuania would have broken an eu law ( it is a law , right ? 
  not to discriminate businessmen on what 's written on their passport ? ) . 
  years passed , we 're still # 121 , 65,000 square km , and no nazigayjews found . 
  what a surprise , right ? 
  the whole point of a republic is to delegate intelligent and educated people to represent you in decision making when it comes to decisions a common john does n't have the qualification to make . 
  referendums should fucking die already . 
  brutal, 
  i 'll take holland . 
  do n't know if my laptop can run an mp game like that so if i leave mid-session i wo n't ruin much . 
  we tried then they elected uspakisch we do n't care anymore, 
  yeah , i know , old and the poor do n't use facebook or do n't have computers at all so they watch tv news and the tv news have to objective anyway and ca n't report things like `` v\u0117sait\u0117 / grau\u017einien\u0117 / butkevi\u010dius have been talking retarded shit again , people are making memes '', 
  typical socialdemocrats . 
  how do these people even get elected ? 
  they have been the laughing stock of politically active lithuanian facebook community for 3 years straight now and there 's no sign they intend to stop , as they still have not deleted their facebook accounts . 
  * what about * at least some of them ? 
  i have no idea what you wrote here , but it seems like you 're excited and you 're screaming something cool , so have an upvote . 
  this has been russian modus operandi for as long as i can remember . 
   i really recommend you brush up on your knowledge of the conflict before saying such irresponsible statements . 
  self-educating on a problem before posting about in on reddit ? 
  never !, 
  as for being a little more on-topic , i find it really sad how eu decides to tag israeli like it 's 1930s all over again and just a few days later we get to see ( once more ) which of the parties in me is the actual bad guys . 
  i 'm surprised how can someone who says the lazy ass fucks who give pretty much close to 0 % of their gdp to defense need to step up is considered more pro-russian than someone who would n't flinch to give away the secrets of the state to their biggest rival or sell a huge batch of strategic resources, 
  i do n't know the situation in poland , but chevron pulled out of lithuania based on completely political and not scientific reasons . 
  why do people post on political subreddits if the only point they want to make is `` all politicians are shit '' , etc ? 
  you guys got ta be real naive to think that a simple soldier currently in a mission carries more responsibility than the president who ordered the start of the whole mission in the first place . 
  wake up sh33pl3, 
  stop giving the saint vegans a cognitive dissonance, 
   ukraine should recognize novorossia lol, 
  i 'm pretty sure people used fukushima disaster as one of the arguments against a japanese reactor . 
  when was the last time we had a tsunami devastate our country as deep into the mainland as visaginas ? 
   world leaders in safety and nuclear technologies and in work ethic . 
  kidding us , right ? 
  * plant site puts half of vilnius in danger zone in case of catastrophe * there were already at least two incidents reported by the media * weeks * after they actually happened . 
  yeah , why are we idiots . . 
  born amidst salt and coal, 
  as a guy who learned english playing runescape , i think games full of russians like cs : go or dota 2 are a bit too action packed to actually have the time translating what they say . 
  except , of course , * cyka * . 
  seriously , this is pissing me off massively . 
  serbian dicks murder a crown prince and austria-hungary legitimately gets angry . 
  but loses the war so the alliance leader gets all the blame . 
   european cancer imperialism ftfy, 
  to add to this , they look rich because of deng 's market-based reforms . 
  : dddddddddddddd, 
  if near 100 % of attemps to achieve perfect communism , as it 's defined by mental gymnasts that call themselves marx 's interpreters , end up as tyrannic shitholes we might as well say perfect communism is too expensive to try and achieve ever again . 
   both literally poured insane amounts of money into it , to show they can make the life better for the citizens of their part of germany soviets looted ddr for years . 
  ah , the classic `` not true communism '' argument made its way out of shitholes like / r/subredditdrama into rational subreddits like / r/europe, 
  `` he 's not even russian , he 's georgian '' is pretty popular over here , too . 
  it 's cool as long as it does n't elect an orange guy as a president , i suppose . 
   i understand the decision made to exclude the people who arrived during the soviet era . 
  `` i understand the rationale but i still want to bullshit some bullshit for the sake of bullshit '', 
  hmm , vote for the guy who is fully onboard with increasing defensive spending so crimeas never happen again or for the woman who 's perfectly fine with inviting low-skilled labour force at the dawn of robotics revolution : thinking :, 
   ... which are mainly just in the heads of people or overblown . 
  feminists ? 
  where are you ? 
  i wo n't , because i do n't give a shit about a union which praises communist dictators , lmao . 
  i like how / r/europe is all `` omg america wtf stop being world police '' but then when an isolationist narrative emerges in the us , suddenly us is `` selfish '', 
  oh yes the classical `` sanctions hurt the larger economy more than the smaller economy '' argument . 
  at first you 're saying someone who ca n't fight propaganda with truth has to `` work on his words '' . 
  then you say you do n't care about random people you do n't know dying . 
  that just does n't seem consistent to me when it comes to the ethics of the situation . 
  if you do n't care about lives of random people why do you care so much if some news outlet uses some shady means to fight the good media fight against a country of some random people ? 
  april fools is more than a week away . 
  uh-uh , refugees is a no-go topic , dude . 
   at least russia we know what we can count on yeah , we can count on absolutely nothing . 
  and that is why eu army will be worth less than my poo if eu is attacked . 
  this is not how you look after your language , lads . 
  next we 'll hear europe is the main driver because it agigates muslims so it 's only right it takes in all the refugees . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/vladmir-putin-fidel-castro-was-symbol-of-an-era-spain-rajoy/ i would n't be so strongly against federal state of europe if communism was finally put on the same level of bad the nazis already are ( and subsequently , the guys with the money could finally realize that the ` second speed ' europe is actually right about the biggest threats to eu ) . 
  looking at juncker 's and hollande 's ideas on castro , sadly , i can only assume that is not going to be the case in my lifetime . 
  stop praising communists , then . 
  option 6 : europe without a clown like juncker , please . 
  as i say , people love the keynesian model when it 's a crisis and the non-keynesian model when it 's a boom . 
  which is , basically , the main thing keynesian model tells people * not to do * . 
  it 's extremely low . 
  the average voter has abandoned them for the peasants . 
  some people say lsdp are at a risk of becoming a non-parliamentary party after the next election in 2020 , but that 's a bit rash , in my opinion . 
  slash the amount of money going into the cancerous parts first and foremost . 
  the stronger and faster you hit , the bigger the shock , but in the long run it 's the correct play , imo . 
  over here in lithuania we had retirement pensions raised recklessly on the dawn on the crisis . 
  the finance minister of the time said the crisis will not hit lithuania , showing once again the only thing lsdp ( social democrats ) can do is benefit the dying soviet nomenclature . 
  the next prime minister utilized austerity at the cost of his own political career , but our cost of borrowing hit an all-time low , exports surged way above pre-crisis levels , etc. 
  then lsdp won the election in 2012 on the back of being the worst opposition in 2008-2012 imaginable and then did * absolutely nothing * with the opportunity they had . 
  throwing cash at something that does n't work does n't fix crises . 
  he 's from the guardian , the only research he needs is that it reinforces socialist views and bashes right wing views . 
  well i would guess that our communists simply understand that the movement from capitalism to communism creates a new class of ruling elite and they aspire to be that elite or * some outsider * convinces them to want to be that elite . 
  the other being noone here glorifies gay communism or whatever the meme these days is as a legitimate alternative, 
  that 's not what reality is , though . 
  us bears a much bigger burder of nato than this infographic would have you believe . 
  no wonder people then come up with bullshit like european army . 
  [ see the top comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5vatt5/whos_contributing_to_financing_nato/de0kcx8/ ), 
  yeah because it does n't happen to have one permanently bloodthirsty neighbor in the east and another neighbor in the west with history of backstabbing .
