  you , sir , just gave the worst possible type of [ whataboutism argument ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) possible , which itself is the worst kind of argument possible . 
  in case you failed to comprehend , you have just done an epic fail . 
  i never said the christianity part was untrue . 
  the other part is complete bs , though . 
  typical socialists/social-democrats . 
  heard a phrase ` lithuanians should thank poland for christianity and russia for teaching how to write ' just a few days ago from putin 's propaganda victim . 
  then situation in poland is very similar to what has happened in lithuania a couple years ago . 
  i blame it on soviet era . 
  poland is one of the best countries in europe atm on terms of getting out of crisis without getting greece 'd . 
  it 's gdp is something along the lines of 110 percent of pre-crisis levels , iirc . 
  proves that it is n't tusk 's fault , but , then again , if people bash tusk for things he is n't to be blamed of , i would n't be surprised , lithuania got out of crisis extremelly nicely and the kubilius government is still bashed for `` doing bad '' , lol . 
  the vote would n't be legitimate because of russian military pressure . 
  i sarcastically like how your list ends up with ukrainians suffering because of ukrainian politicians . 
  good . 
  do n't buy putin 's gas . 
  i 'm gon na use 1926-1940 republic of lithuania as an example to why you are wrong . 
  in early 1926 , a social-democrat was elected the president . 
  mind you , back then , even 1920-1926 president had more powers than president now . 
  after a year of harsh , but needed reforms ( ironically , the only time social democrats in lithuania did n't suck hard was 1926 ) , he was overthrown by the military , who then put a nationalist president in power , [ smetona ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antanas_smetona ) . 
  he quickly yanukoviched the country . 
  he was epicly nationalist , but a huge failure . 
  communists though he 's a fascist , nazis thought he 's an idiot . 
  fast forward to 1940 , he surrenders lithuania to soviet union without war . 
  oops , the country is gone , the people are under genocide , there 's soon gon na be nothing left to be nationalist about . 
  the / true / , honest and kind nationalists are the liberals and conservatives , usually . 
  they do n't believe in conspiratard theories , they see the real face of russia , they are not xenophobes or homophobes and they , if needed , will be the ones that will go to fight a guerilla war just like in 1945-1953 . 
  edit : just for clarity , if you check smetona 's wiki link , he died of fire in us , not because of the guerilla war . 
  league of nations failed miserably . 
  un probably will , as well , when/if some hitl . . er , i mean , putin , will want war . 
  only nationalists could manage to be anti-russian and anti-eu/nato at the same time . 
  and only nationalists could manage to do that when these things happen in ukraine . 
  what does it tell us ? 
  nationalists are nutjobs , nothing personal . 
  ironically , after nearly all western european countries decided not to explore for shale gas in their territory . 
  we have a park somewhere in lithuania where all the torn down monuments are being held . 
  people can go see them , for a price of course . 
  i think that 's the best compromise , meanwhile monuments to outside invaders in centres of cities just feels not right . 
  the only oppression that you can compare to the soviet occupation of the european states on its western border is the nazi occupation of france , and it has been for only , what , four years ? 
  baltic states were forcefully annexed into su for fifty , some other countries , like ukraine , for seventy ( ! ), 
  years . 
  any small nation will always remember their history clearly , even if in a slightly nationalist way . 
  besides , it is n't only oppression . 
  it was genocide of the people , falsification of their history and continued bullshit even now , with su only but a bad dream . 
  or nostalgic dream , in the cases of one mr. putin . 
  does anyone even remember presidential russia before putin ? 
  i do n't . 
  putin 's russia wants them . 
  the alright-russia does not . 
  [ this is probably the last soviet monument ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:green_bridge_in_vilnius3.jpg ) not only in vilnius , but in all of lithuania . 
  pro-european politicians are trying to take them down , but at the moment the more pro-eastern parties are in power , and they think that the statues symbolise working people and soldiers ( while everyone at least remotely smart realizes it is soviet symbolic ) . 
  many of pro-european students have this crazy idea of destroying it down over a single night , but then the idea fails because it 's technically impossible and the fine for such crime would be huge even for a large number of students to split it . 
  they are , if minorities ' writers ( and so on ) and generally the most educated parts of their societies are either banished to siberia or forced to migrate west , which was exactly the case for at least two decades in the early years of soviet union , if we are talking about the minorities on the westernmost part of the su . 
  the same applies to censorship . 
  it 's not a cultural development if the only culture is worshipping stalin or brezhnev . 
  it 's censorship and propaganda . 
  i would n't dare to call it a promotion of development knowing how many dissidents were murdered/banished to siberia and the levels of censorship on press and culture , but i agree to the first part of your post - it was much worse for minorities under russian empire . 
  in a similar way like with the polish language in vilnius region . 
  many populists/pro-russian politicians overexaggerate the situation to cause division and discontent in the region and then gain personal benefits , even though those politicians do not represent their voters at all . 
  well , yes , dictatorship is bad as well . 
  i had this weighted voting idea floating in my head for a while , where more educated people would get more voting weight , but that would make the uneducated trolls rise and whine and populist parties would never agree to that . 
  being retarded and voting based on emotion corrupts more , in my opinion . 
  referendums are not democracy . 
  referendums are [ ochlocracy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ochlocracy ) . 
  not maybe . 
  he wants , and for that he is an idiot deserving a traitor 's death , as leaving eu ( and later , of course , nato , because america is as ` evil ' as eu ) = = death sentence for any eastern european country . 
  you can buy all the land you want , but almost nobody is going to sell it . 
  the whole referendum is to cause two things : ( 1 ) prevent the natural rise of workable ( ? ), 
  land prices , so the biggest farmer-oligarch karbauskis can keep his 'em pire ' and expand it even more , as recent laws by socialist-minded coalition benefit oligarchs greatly ( 2 ) russian interest - create confusion and distrust of eu within lithuania 's less educated parts of society, 
  those people who claim that bankers/capitalists/jews want to destroy the world and rob the `` average person '' are all nutjobs . 
  nobody should even care what they claim jews/anyone else did or did n't do . 
  my point is this - have you seen an ultra-orthodox jew claiming that country x , in which he lives , should let him spread nationalist , separatist , racist and other anti-human-rights ideas in the country he lives in because the country x claims to support freedom of speech ? 
  i live in the capital of my country , and i have n't , and neither did the people that i follow on facebook , and i follow some from sweden , netherlands , uk . 
  refusal to integrate , so common in the ultra-orthodox jewish society and simple or serious crimes done by radical gypsies or any eastern european ( in the form of all kinds of lowlifes ) are totally not on the level of outright `` minority  majority '' syndrome that some radical islamists have . 
  by the way , i think we quite drifted away from the main subject . 
  jews never wanted to destroy countries from within . 
  gypsies neither . 
  radical muslims claim that the country they live in is realm of allah , thus everyone must obey to his laws even though those radicals may be a minority within minority . 
  muslims are so much more different than any other minority , though . 
  they have so many fundamentalists due to their religiousness , and they abuse freedom of speech and democracy much more than any other minority . 
  when i say abuse , i mean they want to parasite on those virtues to build `` new norway '' / `` new france '' / `` new [ insert western nation ] , where quran  all and allah is the sole god . 
  but these are fundamentalists , and every social group has its own trash . 
  they are a nuisance not only to the governments of countries they parasite upon , but also to the best parts of muslim societies within western countries , because radicals damage credibility and image of all the muslims , including the secular ones , too , just because of similar skin color and facial features . 
  free concerts of russians is so bad i ca n't bear it . 
  check out [ this song by gazmanov ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qnzp27pwxq ), 
  i see . 
  sounds interesting , i should definitely read about the 1920s more , i feel like my knowledge of that decade is lacking compared to most other eras . 
  anyway , if we talk about reasons why lithuania declined , i think it 's safe to say that one of the reasons were that lithuanians never were actually satisfied with how commonwealth turned out , besides the obvious agressive polish claims on vilnius . 
  the ideals of equality , if there were any , were forgotten and crushed , lithuanian nobility polonised , the only ones who felt no shame speaking lithuanian were those in prussia and samogitia , and the first ones were soon assimilated into germans , while samogitians were regarded as savages for way longer than they deserved . 
  if at first the state seemed a success , especially under bathory 's rule , but eventually it screwed up . 
  finally , the commonwealth fell to russia , and i believe that russian threat was one of the main reasons why the state came to be in the first place , with all the fuss in livonia and so on , as lithuania was pretty much landlocked while russia expanded into the resource-rich siberia and using the momentum in its western front . 
  besides , i think the fact that the commonwealth was partitioned was a crucial point in the history of its nations and ethnic groups - had they been annexed by only one of the three partitioners , i believe some sort of national unity would 've been preserved . 
  however , lets say commonwealth was rebuilt and lasted until 1940s . 
  what then ? 
  probably something like yugoslavia , but in the north . 
  four different nations , many ethnic groups , at least three or four widely spread religions . 
  we can see the result of yugoslavia today - war crimes , most of the region is n't even in eu . 
  all in all , i 'd say it 's better to have separate countries and some old grudges that take time to heal rather than murder each other for a decade and still not be in eu by now . 
  federation of what ? 
  a successor of commonwealth , i guess ? 
  i do n't remember anything about a federation of states from my high school history course .
