  it 's much more rational to be ready for everything . 
   it 's much easier to be calm about the situation . 
  as i said , the calmest are those who live the farthest away from that shithole . 
  i think what the comment before you said was that russia could easily take parts off of eu countries bordering russia , and we actually are able to see pro-putin russian minorities and pro-putin politicians like this tomaszewski scum getting more restless every day . 
  it 's easy to speak for those who are on the other end of the continent . 
  the sphere of influence mentality is bullshit and outdated . 
  russia has no right to tell countries that have become independent since the fall of soviet union what to do or where to go . 
  you 're right . 
  the current government is retarded . 
  and they 're gon na get all the credit for the previous one successfully getting through the crisis . 
  fml . 
  the butthurt post was after you went all-out on me because i compared russian and polish voting without any intention to say that whole country is homophobic just because of a song contest voting . 
  i seriously do n't know why you took it so personal , you should take a chill pill or smth . 
  i 'm not being prejudical . 
  i met more than enough poles that are so ultra-catholic-pro-putin that it was n't even weird that they all were homophobic , but i did n't say that all polish people are like that . 
  besides , i 'm not trying to attack anyone over gay rights or whatever , as you could have seen from my very first post - i have nothing against poland . 
  but you then came out of shadows with your butthurt . 
  you failed at whatever you wanted to prove , because i already knew it and you just showed bad manners where you could have avoided that . 
  butthurt alert . 
  same was with russian jury , if i recall correctly . 
  nothing personal , but poland gave 0 points to conchita . 
   drawback : most `` daily '' products became more expensive , for example when the $ was implanted in spain a coffee in a bar went from 100 pesetas to one $ ( 166 pesetas ) . 
  this is not true . 
  usually , adoption of euro makes economy ( and wages ) grow faster than total amount of money spent on daily goods . 
  / r/conspiratard, 
  except that us is not even evil . 
  by how easy it is to learn , use , and functionality . 
  for example my native , lithuanian , is extremely hard to learn , very inflexible in it 's use , and is extremely slow to adapt to new changes . 
  meanwhile english is easiest language to learn that i ever tried to , is already used everywhere all the time and extremely quickly makes new words for new things that come to be . 
  there 's nothing to be sad about . 
  it 's the most widely used language because it is the best . 
  and that 's why the world hates russia and russians . 
  and us is the only reason why europe has n't been overrun by communist scum v2 .0 by now . 
  what else they are if not terrorists ? 
  funded by an aggressive , enemy state to cause panic and unstability in ukraine right before its election just because putin does n't have another puppet to put in place of yanukovich . 
  if you think the west os using propaganda against pro-russian part of the world * at all * ( i 'm not even saying * on the same level * , because that would be downright stupid , exactly what kremlin wants people to believe ) , you need to correct your definition of what propaganda is and get a better understanding of what russia is trying to do with eastern europe right now . 
  the side that has not been shown ? 
  that side has been shown many time through state-owned propaganda channel rt and other kremlin orchestrated anti-western networks , overexaggerated insanely , so people like you could say it 's the ` other end of the coin ' , while it 's simply bullshit created by a dictator to justify aggression . 
  except that since that time many countries ( re ) gained their independence and wanted to join nato , so they were free to do it once they met the criteria . 
  putin has no right to tell those new countries what they ca n't do . 
  well then they are damn stupid if they 're buying lies and revanchism rather than truth and safety behind expansion of * defensive * alliance . 
  if governments of most of eastern europe states were be smart , they would already be extracting shale gas while showing mr. putin a big fat middle finger . 
  oh , now everyone who was murdered by communist regimes all around the world are thieves , because communists are such good judges . 
  ironically , eastern europe still ca n't get free of the soviet mentality , which is the reason behind severe differences in corruption ratings as well as public trust of policemen and politicians . 
  ok , corporations , then we 'll go on talking about chemtrails , lizardmen , illuminati , and other stuff ... 
  please no . 
  and when i 'm talking about farmers , i mean farmers , cause that 's what communists did . 
  they murdered the best pieces of society in every country they ruled in , and left only douchebags to live . 
  those countries are lucky to have grown back that lost part of society now . 
  now , years later , the soviet mentality lives on - corruption , bribes , criminal gangs , prison ` talk ' in everyday life . 
  i do n't know where you 're from and i do n't care , but if you want to live life like that - stop using the stuff the evil western corporations made , including your computer and smartphone , and move to the shithole you call heaven . 
  yeah and 9/11 was an inside job . 
  just like every single bombing in every city of the western world . 
  for sure . 
  rich farmers do n't contribute to society ? 
  false , they pay taxes , the same taxes that poor farmers started stealing once communists got into power . 
  how many of those countries did us annex ? 
  how many countries were left alone once it was clear they wo n't be dangerous anymore ? 
  every single . 
  how is murdering rich farmers so poor farmers ( there are reasons why they are poorer than the rich ones , usually stupidity being one of them ) could masturbate over the view better than scientific racism ? 
  far worse imperial track record than russia ? 
  are we living on the same planet ? 
  communism will never work without bloodshed in a society at least remotely educated , because why on earth should richer people allow stupid people or idiots that ca n't govern a state waste or embezzle their money ? 
  because it 's not true . 
  and we 're better than the rest of the world . 
  except putin . 
  renewable energy is ridiculously more expensive than shale gas . 
  if you have no problem with that - go on , buy some for me , and while you 're at it , convince your state to buy some for others in eu . 
  he can keep thinking he 's the strongest until he ends up like milosevic . 
  i 'm not talking about media . 
  i 'm talking about heads of states and governments . 
  putin has no right take back what was never his . 
  he 's free to fuck off . 
  war is n't only combat - there 's also information war , and russia , unlike the west , is willing to lie , and lie ruthlessly , to win that by demoralizing the lowest social groups in nato and eu border states . 
  being rational about russia * europe, 
  good point , although i 'm of the opinion that propaganda of shitholes has no right to exist even in the most free of free presses . 
  but the catch is that populist parties are populist , as in , say things to people that the people want to hear , no matter what the things are . 
  populist parties ca n't run a successful government . 
  i have no clue about the source , but populist parties are never a hope for anything good . 
  just wondering - why should threats against free press from both left and right extremists , who are both equal shitholes of political spectre , and not gon na get elected in any legit country in any legit voting , should matter ? 
  feels like you responded to my comment after reading half of it + accuse me of whataboutery while talking like a nutjob from / r/conspiracy , whose only arguments are ` omgzionism1 ! ' . 
  of course there will be collateral damage during a military operation , especially when targets are in urban areas on purpose , so that terrorists could use civilians as human shields . 
  do n't talk about things you have no clue about . 
  no jewish soldier ever purposefully aims at citizens , while arab soldiers threaten both jewish citizens ( constant missile firing aimed at non-military targets ) and their own citizens ( by using them as shields to discredit israel when it counterstrikes to remove those missile sites ), 
  why should eu have a goal of keeping us in check ? 
  us is the biggest ally of europe and will never turn into a rogue state unless something really radical happens , and if that does , no keeping in check would make anyone safe . 
  however he has a better understanding what the relevant part of ukraine wants than majority of the world . 
  how ... stupid . 
  of you , to make this conclusion . 
  if someone , without any influence of kremlin propaganda , is trying to support putin , yes , then he is n't a propaganda zombie , but that person , however , is : a ) not of brightest mind or b ) confused, 
  i am not completely dismissing * any * opposing opinion . 
  it just happens that the only arguments even remotely close to * trying to reason with me * are whataboutism , `` russia is bad but so is us so russia has right to do shit '' , and other dumb shit like `` the most efficient defensive alliance in history of humankind will not defend you if putin wants you '' or `` why should putin invade you , there 's nothing to be taken from you '' or `` we 're all been fifteen brothers n sisters ( 15 so called republics in ussr ) , you betrayed us ! '', 
  when everyone , except putin , know that only maybe like 3 of those so called republics joined willingly , others were annexed . 
  you 're lucky to have met only one blind follower of putin , i meet those every day , everywhere . 
  sometimes i even think that these people are * paid * to support him . 
  paid to support someone who they ran away to never look back from a bit more than twenty years ago . 
  as one of the people who knew from day 1 that this is how mr. putin is going to end up , i 'm bothered by that , too . 
  mostly because majority of those daes gave no shits earlier , which would have meant georgia incident prevented . 
  this is obviously based on the ukraine situation , and let me tell you one thing about it - of course the putin 's side has no right to be supported , because only irrational people would ever support it , and irrational people should n't participate in debates . 
  leave irrationality to mothers who lost their kids , not intelligent people trying to discuss things .
