  in other words , propaganda zombies are being downvoted rightuflly . 
  you ca n't understand their position with rationality and you ca n't have a compromise with them , because they will backstab given the first opportunity . 
  wishful thinking . 
  eu is the best thing to ever happen to europe , and nato is the best alliance to ever happen to earth . 
  god bless america and israel . 
  how can there be mutual understanding between two sides , of which one would completely annihilate the other if given a chance , while the other is successfully leading a defensive alliance of non-satellite states for over sixty years now ? 
  i think you do n't know what propaganda is . 
   response to the mobilisation of egyptian forces yeah sure these mobilised forces were just chilling there . 
   crimea , however , had been under russian control for centuries ( russian empire and made part of the ukranian ssr in 1954 ) and had a large population of russian people and non-russian russian speakers whose language rights were being abrogated by a a nationalist government after a coup bullshit , bullshit , and even more bullshit . 
  crimea was never ethnically russian , was under russian state for a relatively short time and the government is much less nationalist than the one in russia trying to discredit it . 
  you should differentiate lands taken after won defensive wars and offensive actions against country which the invader pledged to defend from outside invasions , though . 
  nah , it was already at the lowest possible point . 
  and rightfully so , because history repeats itself . 
  your comparison is terribly wrong . 
  the invisible pink unicorn has no reason to just stay ten feet in front of anyone , while russia has a long history of meddling with independent countries and trying to salami their border regions . 
  ca n't think of any words right now , but i noticed a trend that i often substitute lithuanian words that are long/uncomfortable with english words , thus i have difficult time talking to elders , most of which speak russian as their only foreign language . 
  besides , this substitution often earns me a ` eu lover ' stereotype , which i like , though . 
  putin . 
  sucks to be me if i can only count in negative numbers then . 
  how many countries has nato annexed , how many minorities it deported/massacred and how many fraudulent elections it forced in countries it has done missions in ? 
  i 'll begin with the obvious one - rt. 
  russian state-run agency is allowed to exist even though it discredits the same western civilization it has been run in for whole of its existence with outright bullshit . 
  there are also shittons of minor channels , also channels owned by people indirectly related to russian sphere - businessmen that can only run a business successfully in russian culture - with criminal activities , gangs beating up rival bosses and briberies . 
  us may have promised something to ussr , but it no longer exists . 
  btw , ussr fell because it was economically and socially ineffectively governed state with huge dissent , not because of some us tanks and sweet words . 
  also , during the whole discusion i feel like you 're trying to convince me that ussr was an ` ok ' state . 
  that is never gon na happen , i tell you . 
  western media does n't have one common view on the situation - there are plenty of those supporting putin , meanwhile russian media , as i said earlier , either supports putin , or dies . 
   if nato never expanded , putin would be content sitting in russia i 'm glad nato never took this risk . 
   if you got invaded by us , instead of being invaded by russia . 
  never gon na happen . 
  besides , us never helped lithuanian resistance movement in 1944 - 1953 , but there is noone butthurt about that . 
  thanks for the monroe link . 
  however , you still miss on several crucial points , that i stated in my last post but you intentionally did n't see them . 
  so , again : first , the time of western world annexing a territory just for the putin-type lulz is over . 
  it 's done . 
  gone forever . 
  british claim over french throne ? 
  gone . 
  french claim over rhine ? 
  gone . 
  netherlands still mad about belgium being independent ? 
  lol , nope . 
  lithuanians having wet dreams about kiev and smolensk ? 
  only if someone makes a bad joke . 
  western world even left their majority colonies in third world alone . 
  gone forever . 
  british have as much claim over still-existant india as they have over no longer existant kingdom of france , and that is 0 . 
  less than 1 , but more than -1 . 
  second , russia is still governed by power-hungry imperialistic assholes . 
  the only time it was not was ... 
  uh , never , i guess , unless you count novgorod as one , but i know barely anything about history of novgorod . 
  so , as long as russia is governed by murderous tsars , nwo general secretaries , or ` presidents ' who have 104 percent people in a region voting for them , it will be regarded as a threat , and rightfully so , proven twice in the last decade and many more times since 1990s , regarding the policy with minorities . 
  and now i 'll just comment on your post . 
  so , now you have what you have . 
  why on earth should anyone want to be a part of buffer zone of a ruler who has no problem murdering thousands of his own people and speaks alike his predecessor , who murdered tens of millions ? 
  that 's just dumb , russia does not have that right , and will not have it ever until shits like putin reign . 
  yes , natural advantage like two oceans is pure luck , but that does n't give any leverage to russia . 
  the fact that usa is one of the most awesome countries in this world does n't mean that russia has any claim to be in that list . 
  if states , which are independent now of russian politics , want to be part of western world , why should western world not allow them to embrace it ? 
  also , no - states do n't need buffer zones . 
  it 's some imperialistic bullshit created by bastards like hitler or putin . 
  if russia was n't a threat , the defensive line of nato would n't come closer . 
  if russia was n't a threat , it would n't whine about that defensive line coming closer , naturally when those post-soviet states embrace the better world - the western world . 
  finally , nato is a defensive alliance , it will never conquer regions with the sole intention of remaining there forever . 
  things like that may have been done in past by western powers , but they are no more , while you see putin 's kremlin still cling to this archaic method . 
  yet you throw arguments ` maidan attacked police ' in such light that i can only assume that it 's expected of protesters not to defend themselves while they are being murdered . 
  i do n't see any more reason to keep talking about this topic to you , and i 'll just say the same what i say to everyone defending putin - if you love him so much , go live in russia , minus relatives and friends i doubt many would miss those who defend fascism and dictatorship . 
  well , no shit , when those policemen ( and berkut ) were given orders to murder protesters . 
  police did n't annex crimea , and if you 're talking about maidan events , then you should learn that berkut is n't police . 
   of course it 's your first time , it 's not like he 's your countryman , you see western media is not biased . 
  what bias are you talking about ? 
  you do n't make any sense . 
  at all . 
   is it really that hard to believe that one of them attacked russian soldier yes it is , because ukrainians have been keeping to the ` avoid combat ' tactic for the whole period between the invasion and this incident . 
  with time going the chance of ukrainians opening fire in crimea only shrunk , especially after the plan to evacuate them all was done . 
  about a year ago i listened to a lecture by some american politician , one who never closed his eyes to the threat in the east . 
  i remember only very small parts of what he said - us no longer has the resources to be the sole leader of the western alliances , sooner or later it will need to see some help from the european big guys , and not a token one , but real . 
  he also added , however , that with shale revolution in us , coupled with shale revolution in europe , which , sadly , failed , because of gazprom 's dark hand , the power could rebalance back to the hegemony of west once more . 
  the difference is irrelevant - both ` governments ' are clearly russian , or bribed by kremlin . 
  actually , one thing they understand better than ecomonic sanctions , which sometimes give a short-term positive effect to the machismo , is good old beating . 
  sigh , i miss mongols . 
  those dudes would at least back off if you paid them in cash and animals . 
  there is no pro-maidan noise , simply . 
  of course . 
  the fascist ukrainian attacked the russian guy because the russian guy spoke to the ukrainian fascist in some dog language !, 
  first time i heard about a soldier from lithuania dying in kosovo a year ago . 
  however , when you start arguing about the credibility of western media you really look like a nutjob . 
  russian media must be pro-putin , or journalists will be murdered , imprisoned , or fired , while western media has many different angles and the ones following the news have to learn to choose which channels are obviously pro-putin propaganda funded by russian state money ( rt ) , and which are just generally following the shiny dollar ( basically everything else out there ) , and which are truly , truly legit . 
  this does n't mean that it should be painted in russian colour . 
  striped ? 
  maybe , coloured ? 
  painting it in russian colours means the person who painted the map is a weak fool , that is all . 
  why in hell is crimea painted in russian color ? 
  the referendum and the annexation were both regarded as illegal and unrecognized by all the relevant countries of the world, 
  i do n't even lift how attacking a country that seeks active destruction of another country by means like assassinations ends up ` the country which got it 's crown prince killed is to blame for the death of the crown prince , not the country that organized the assassination . ', 
  but dude !, 
  it 's completely fair-and-legal by law of war ( what war ? 
  arab states have been defeated over and over several times over the last decades ) that terrorists intentionally aim at israeli civilians , but whenever an israeli troop kills an arab civilian in collateral damage because terrorists put their launching sites in schools and hospitals on purpose , all hell breaks loose !, 
  not sure if an idiot , or a failed troll .
