  however i ca n't agree to other things you said . 
  gdp/capita is what defines the well being of a country , not gdp . 
  arabian states which live off of selling oil have huge gdp to pretty low population . 
  does it mean the average saudi guy is rich ? 
  no , it means the oil king is * outrageously * rich and everyone else is poor . 
  russia has huge gdp and over 100 million citizens , but a terrible gdp/capita . 
  that means that to a similar number of * outrageously rich * shady businessmen there is many , many more very poor citizens . 
  also , lithuania only depends on russia for its strategic resources . 
  every business that is n't about natural gas or oil and still tries to make money in russia , once russia will become north korea # 2 , will have an option to go die or refocus into eu . 
  if they decide to die we should n't be too sad about it because these people deserved it for trying to live off the good will of the devil . 
  also , you seem to think that our government is one entity . 
  no , it 's not true , our government actually has two faces . 
  the first one , liberals and conservatives , is the actually good government . 
  it tried to reduce your heating cost , it tried to warn the world about russia , it actually made lithuania one of , if not * the * , most successful post-crisis countries in european union . 
  the second face is the socialdemocrats and other crap . 
  they drag us towards russia , they keep your flat heating price at ridiculous cost , they do n't want a nuclear plant , they do n't want to hear anything about using the shale gas that we have . 
  i 'm of course biased , but from the stories of prominent lithuanian bloggers as well as my parents and grandparents i came to find that the baltic states were some sort of jewel of the russian crown/soviet hammersickel . 
  the baltic countries , for russia/soviet union , were n't that significant - the lands are nowhere near as fertile as in ukraine , the population is very small and extremelly rebellious . 
  in other words , the only really important thing russian empire or soviet union gained by annexing the three states was the northernmost unfreezing port in baltic - klaip\u0117da ( memel ) . 
  nevertheless , after the re-annexation in 1944/1945 all the way until 1990s soviet union invested a lot into baltics , which resulted , as i see it , in some sort of post-soviet-person cognitive disorder . 
  the russian citizen , affected by russian propaganda , nostalgic towards soviet union , thinks that we , the baltics , should be extremely grateful for soviet union for investing so much in infrastructure , industry , etc , but completely disregards the fact that under soviet regime were exterminated about 300,000 richest people in lithuania solely in the first decade of the annexation . 
  and then this russian citizen hears about the fact that lithuania is trying to get a monetary compensation from russia for the damage lithuania received during the years , and something clicks inside this guy 's head , and he goes all nuts , and thinks that the baltics are enemy # 1 . 
  and when you notice that trend the extremely high influence of kremlin within lithuania ( through its polish minority and far right parties ) and latvia + estonia ( through the russian non-citizens ) starts making sense . 
  i 'm replying to this instead of the other branch for more clarity and less posts . 
  your own life is * meaningless * in the grand scheme of things , and so is your friends ' life or my life or my friends ' life . 
  i 'm from a small town , too , and that town decreased in population , after joining eu , too , but that does not mean lithuanian quality of life fell after joining the european union or that the town went to shit . 
  what is meaningful is statistics and scientific evidence , which is clearly favouring free trade , democracy and eu over heavily controlled markets , criminal business and repressions . 
  out of all the countries that gained independence after the fall of soviet union the three with the greatest gdp ( not the most reliable to evaluate general wealth of population , but correlates heavily ) are estonia , latvia and lithuania , i 'm not sure in what order at the moment . 
  they are also the only post-soviet union countries in the most powerful * defensive * alliance in the world , nato . 
  [ here , take a look at this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e0/gdpercapita.png ) except for states in arabian peninsula , which live off of selling resources , there is a clear trend - the richest countries are in the western world . 
  if you still do n't believe me , i 'll give you an example . 
  for all i know , everyone in my hometown voted for balcytis in the last presidential election , but he lost , and lost hard . 
  i wonder how could that be ... 
  having the diploma does n't mean you have the required skills . 
  you should actually ask yourself - is the state really to blame for the fact that you have to work in russia ? 
  maybe it 's you ? 
  well then maybe you should have actually used your time in university to learn something useful . 
  every far right party in lithuania is either a russian puppet or an ally . 
  ` tvarka and teisingumas ' , or ` order and justice ' in english . 
  mostly ( in ) famous for being extremely homophobic , corrupt and working along the soviet criminal business models . 
  the leader , [ rolandas paksas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rolandas_paksas ) was impeached from presidency in 2004 and ever since is waging an unwinnable war ( won a few battles in courts , but is still going to lose the war ) against lithuania to restore his former glory . 
  either puppets of russia or kiss their ass for free . 
  currently in the majority . 
  ` darbo partija ' , or ` labor party ' in english . 
  famous for soviet criminal business models , money fraud - stole , iirc , a million of euros from lithuania . 
  the leader , [ viktor uspaskich ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_uspaskich ) is a lithuanian-russian politician known for weird ` family business ' flights to russia every time shit regarding his party hits the fan in lithuania . 
  just like order and justice , since 2012 , is a member of the ruling coalition . 
  obvious puppet of kremlin . 
  it 's leader , [ waldermar tomaszewski ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waldemar_tomaszewski ) is extremely anti-lithuanian , but actually does n't represent polish lithuanians at all . 
  extremely close ally of putin , currently in the coalition with the aforementioned parties . 
  notable mentions : socialdemocrats - herd of spineless nutjob sheep . 
  they screwed over the two big anti-russian projects organized by the previous coalition - the nuclear plant and the shale gas operations . 
  they would sell their soul to russia/devil just for the chance to get reelected ( more chances to apply their criminal business methods and fraud and embezzle money ) , and currently they are doing it really well . 
  ` socialistinis liaudies frontas ' , ` or socialist people 's front ' . 
  extreme left , actually communists , but communist parties are banned in lithuania , so they took the name socialists . 
  the leader is the grandson of the same traitor-of-the-state algirdas paleckis who sold lithuania out to soviet russia in the interwar . 
  generally worthless shits but if russia were to invade us 10 years ago the leader would have made a fine ( by russian standards ) president after very legitimate ( by russian standards ) elections . 
  i 'm soon going to get bored to tell people this - decline in population is a direct consequence of improved economical situation , although freedom of movement is also a factor . 
  as irrational as it sounds - it 's a proven fact by scientists , written in every geography book i 've read between 5th grade and the end of high school . 
  putin 's paradox : claims to be liberating ukraine from nazi scum while allying with the radical right wing parties all over europe . 
  given how sad russia feels about the three baltic states declaring independence ( and having much , much better quality of life than russia more than twenty years later ) , i would n't have been surprised to actually see at least one of the three states ' flag in the poster . 
  / r/conspiratard, 
  gl living in this world in the glorious russian alliance of countries that are so hated that they ally with each other . 
  first of all , modern nations and medieval ones have absolutely nothing in common regarding nationality . 
  a modern nation is defined by its main language and customs . 
  a medieval nation is defined by the overlord . 
  modern poland and modern lithuania , the ones that were founded after ww1 , can not by definition have claims on territory that the commonwealth controlled , because they were new countries . 
  the fact that majority of population spoke polish because it was a direct consequence of lithuanian nobles adopting polish in their courts during the period of commonwealth means 0 . 
  you do n't see brits raging on the internet about the fact that thirteen colonies is independent , because they 're mature about it and not delusional . 
  second thing you intentionally fail to notice and glorify instead that poland at the time was 4th most aggressive and imperialistic european country , still wetting the pants over the ukrainian and lithuanian lands it wanted to conquer . 
  lithuania did n't have diplomatic relations with poland simply because of that , because nobody except delusional population likes aggressive imperialistic shits , for example putin . 
  lithuanian - soviet peace has nothing to do with poles , it was a different war going on in the same place at the same time , and the league of nations interfered and recognized vilnius as lithuanian but the two most powerful poles did n't want to hear nothing about it . 
  third lie of yours - lithuania attacked poland in 1939 . 
  soviets and nazi germany did , and soviets had blackmailed lithuanians into occupation of lithuania in 1940 . 
  in return lithuania gained vilnius and the lithuanian soviet state was created after rigged elections . 
  in other words , soviet union outplayed both poland and lithuania and spawned a shitton of nutjobs in both countries , descendants of whom to this day try to prove that poland of interwar period was legit country and not a warmongering one or that belarus and ukraine should be legit parts of newly founded grand duchy of lithuania with some psycho monarch as a new duke . 
  and which traits exactly make kremlin so amazing ? 
  the amazing history of absolute monarchy ? 
  the revolution of 1917 and the murders of the last tsar and his family ? 
  the zerg rush tactic used in both world wars ? 
  or mr. amazing putin , with such a small penis and ego that he [ wears heels in public ] ( http://clarissasblogdotcom.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/putin.jpg ) ? 
  this rating is complete bs . 
  ignore it . 
  when states with ongoing civil wars and jihad-like shit vs israel get to the # 1 spot in international peace , you know the rating is just stupid . 
  call out your own then , pls , and save us time . 
   as for the russian government , i can only say that the government can not exist without the country and the country can not exist without the government . 
  the world , however , would be even better without a government like kremlin . 
  what the fuck ? 
  the only side that only broke any deal was poland there , with mr. zeligowski and his mutiny . 
  vilnius was not , is not , and never will be a polish city . 
  it was founded by lithuanians , and even though for the majority of it 's history non-lithuanians were the majority population , it still remained a lithuanian city . 
  even within the commonwealth , it was right in the center of grand duchy of lithuania , and even after the may constitution , it still was a lithuanian city , though lithuania ceased to exist on that day . 
  just like crimea was liberated , right ? 
  minimum wage is bullshit . 
  it should never be used in any research , statistics , etc , because it does not represent the wealth of the country at all , it only represents how much of a parasite the lowest class is . 
  the rural region around the capital vilnius which was occupied by poland in 1920-1939 . 
  inhabited by people of lithuanian-polish-russian-belarussian origin . 
  these people usually speak a hybrid of these languages rather than one of them well and always have the biggest turnout in all elections and referendums and constantly support right-wing extremist nutjob tomaszewski , a polish-lithuanian politician who actually does n't represent poles in lithuania at all , but is a puppet of putin . 
  soviets who built those industries were n't that good entrepreneurs either , except for that one famine where they killed millions of ukrainians on purpose . 
  that one was top quality genocide and nobody even bothers to care about it now .
