  yeah , so unbiased that you ca n't even say that 2 = 2 . 
  the defense of one of the biggest shitholes that had ever existed on this planet in this thread is ridiculous . 
  come on , you come from a country on the other side of the continent . 
  lol, 
  it 's easy to say this when we 're not living in a shithole now . 
  fucking landsbergis , the destroyer of soviets . 
  hm so which is better : to live in a shithole or not to live at all , hmm . 
  it kinda sucks to be a german or japanese . 
  you live all your life knowing the biggest enemy your country has had made your country into the awesome place it is now right after the war . 
  the fall of ussr was the best thing that happened in 20th century, 
  no lizardmen ? 
  implying the people that gathered to the riot were the aggressor force and not the special yanu-commie-forces that opened fire . 
   i 'd expect the ussr to be able to do the same if they had the money and willingness to do it . 
  which was impossible , since communism is a joke and not an economical model , as it relied on extortion of resources of subjugated population and there can be no willingness when population is subjugated instead of motivated . 
  is this the one that gabrielius landsbergis and his group were working on ? 
  which one is more dangerous ? 
  a ) produce our own electricity using the * cheapest and safest * method . 
  produce more than we need because producing less would be suboptimal and sell whatever we do n't need to whoever agreed to pay the most and is reliable . 
  ( read : not russia ) . 
  b ) buy electricity from a nuclear plant which is built by another country whose current leadership ( does n't seem like it 's gon na change any time soon ) would gladly kill you and me both or deport us and 2/3 of our country to siberia just because we are more intelligent than that rock over here . 
  buy and pay a price they have came up out of the blue sky . 
  mention that it 's retarded and they will raise it 3x . 
  say that ukraine is n't nazi and the price is raised x50 overnight . 
  see , the problem i see in people like you is n't exactly that you voted against nuclear energy . 
  it 's that people like you sometimes go and persuade others to believe in what you believe purely out of ideology , nostalgy or whatever . 
  [ taken from this link ] ( http://theenergycollective.com/willem-post/191326/deaths-nuclear-energy-compared-other-causes ) : energy source mortality rates ; deaths/yr/twh coal - world average , 161 coal - china , 278 coal - usa , 15 oil - 36 natural gas - 4 biofuel/biomass - 12 peat - 12 solar/rooftop - 0.44-0 .83 wind - 0.15 hydro - world , 0.10 hydro - world * , 1.4 nuclear - 0.04, 
  not at all . 
  for example , over here , you can criticize the lithuanian current left-wing government and no one sane will call you a traitor of the state . 
  on the other hand , voting against our own nuclear plant just because ` it 's cheaper to buy from russia ' can rightfully earn someone that tag . 
  it has to do with radical left , though . 
  neither does war . 
  radical leftism operates on the same values , or should i say , antivalues , like giving away your hard earned wealth to village idiots and traitors of state , but murders and imprisons people it does n't like . 
  simple . 
  nah , but there 's still the green bridge statues in vilnius . 
  however , according to 150 year old art critics and experts who celebrate the october revolution every year , the soviet soldiers represented by the statues do n't have soviet insignias therefore are n't soviet soldiers , they are the soldiers of a soviet . 
  which is completely fine . 
  that feeling when someone thinks being leftist is being normal . 
  and just 25 years ago we have shaken off the horror of radical leftism . 
  ca n't be worse than defending rationality in / r/russia :p, 
   not to say that america is the only country in the world that takes pride in a supposedly glorious past . 
  yes , many people take pride in that in what they should not . 
  it 's not the people of today that discovered new continents or figured out gravity , so i personally do n't see why should we , people of 21st century , should be taking pride in things that we have absolutely no clue about . 
  the only thing we did was just getting lucky to be born on certain side of a border , and we actually did n't even do that one , it just happened to us as well . 
  my point , however , was that no other country and it 's citizens of 21st century are expected by others around the world to be constantly bashing themselves and exercising ridiculous levels of restraint ( omg this mujahid killed 200 americans , we ca n't storm his house where he lives with his family who are completely aware of his crimes because kids !!! ), 
  in all matters of politics , war , etc. , just because someone completely unrelated to them did some things , that are perceived terrible now , centuries later . 
  this is such a moral bullshit and besides that , it 's dangerous to us in the bigger picture . 
  giving away our dominant position as the greatest civilization , greatest military alliance of this world , just because political correctness is awesome ( it 's not ) , is stupid . 
  yeah , a strictly european army where one half would sell the other out full 1930s style . 
  i do n't see how mass murdering people based on their political views is any better than mudering others based on their ethnicity . 
   i doubt anyone sane thinks present-day turkey is responsible and/or guilty for the armenian genocide , however to say that the deliberate killings of armenians ( and greeks , assyrians ... ) was n't a genocide is crazy for me . 
  yet modern americans are expected to bash themselves and apologize to every man with skin darker than theirs because someone several hundred years ago exterminated the local technologically inferior civilization of their continent . 
  that feeling when someone thinks the 1940s commie frauds all over eastern europe were legit . 
  these people should n't even have children in the first place . 
  western european countries are a bunch of weaklings . 
  if western europe , instead of us , had been in the dominant position since 1990s , it would have thrown it away if anyone asked at least * somewhat * nicely - russia , me terrorists , best korea - you name it . 
  i 'm glad this is n't the case and us is doing a really good job at keeping it 's # 1 position a # 1 . 
  you a free to move abroad to a paradise of yours - russia , cuba , north korea , you name it ... 
  nothing new in eastern front since 1500s, 
  so why is n't he banned yet ? 
  it basically means that the world police is not us of a , but all the small countries !, 
  but if there was only one country in the world , it would not be a superpower , therefore it would cease existing . 
  oh god . 
  they will kill your children , like putin today reported . 
  this is so full of shit - all thatcontext is completely irrelevant and you used it to make a negative response to a guy just because of his flair , not because of his views , which are pretty straightforward and correct - you fucked up and when we tried to help you fucked up even harder and then blamed us for trying to help - now it 's your problem , not ours anymore . 
  what about what about, 
  so now instead of blaming greece for it 's incompetence we 're blaming the big countries of europe and the rules of eu for incompetence of greek governments ? 
   so lithuania has n't received any eu funds for infrastructure and projects , i take it ? 
  you did it all by yourselves ? 
  not related to the subject at all . 
   great way to not insult a nation . 
  i only said that after he over and over showed us he would sell his ass to putin for basically 0,99 $  i get it , you do n't like them , you feel historical animosity , you want to show solidarity to ukraine , but your behaviour has gone totally cuckoo when you demand that greece , italy , austria , hungary should do exactly the same . 
  i demand that everyone else do the same not because of historical animosity , but because recents events showed that what people like me were thinking was * the only right way * to feel about russia . 
   do we cry `` traitors !, 
  backstabbers ! '', 
  whenever an eu country makes a deal with turkey or fyrom , for example last i checked turkey is a member of nato and neither turkey nor macedonia intend on completely genociding your nation . 
  your inability to form a competent at economics government will undo you faster than your neighbors . 
  wait , so it was us , who insulted you , when your country went down the drain the first time and everyone wanted to help ? 
  it was us , who insulted you , when you elected this piece of shit ? 
  it was us , who insulted you , when your government started kissing putin 's ass ? 
  better invest into ukraine than into greece . 
  the former wo n't backstab you , while tsipras shows us over and over again that he would sell his soul to putin without second thought . 
  but , oh wait , that does n't concern you the slightest , since you live on the other end of the world . 
  it is corrupt - i 'm not even arguing about that - that 's why i called it a black hole , but this hole is at least showing signs of improvement , will to change , and , most importantly , is n't demanding reparations from one of the few allies it still has in this rapidly militarizing world . 
  i know it does n't mean popular . 
  i know what things are called populist . 
  those things include things that village idiots that vote more often than they think want to hear from politicians , and that 's mostly meaningless slogans like the ones you linked . 
  if we are to throw some money into a black hole - why not give it to ukraine , they at least try to get their shit together , meanwhile greece is going full retard at ludicrous speed . 
   it 's vague and politically opportunistic , but not `` extremist '' . 
  it 's blatantly populist and full of shit, 
  bashing them is the only option we have , since helping them only makes their corrupt rich richer and the dumb dumber . 
   syriza can help greece ... due to having been closer to actual people . 
  being closer to ` actual people ' is not help , it is populism . 
  i did n't have any for him in the first place and now i can freely openly declare him a piece of shit . 
  greece woud have been doing so much better if their governments were n't embezzling and wasting money decade after decade . 
   you know who i think gives a shit ? 
  the people in ukraine who disagree with the current government and who want to watch their fucking telly in peace . 
  * disagree with the current government * have peace choose one . 
   greece for example would have been doing so much better now if not for the euro, 
  small countries , by definition , can not be affected by inferiority complex . 
  they 're small and they know it .
