  all the evidence points the russian way , it has nothing to do with ukraine . 
  it 's not just putting blame , it 's accusing a side of a crime and then providing the evidence to back up the accusation . 
  the terrorists and russia will have to answer for it one way or another . 
  they can target it , however if they do they will lose the media war worse than israel vs arab world . 
  it 's like this . 
  a group of people give up a certain part of their authority to the next level of authority , say city of london . 
  city of london then makes all the legal decisions for the people who it got the authority from and collects taxes and redistributes money as it sees fit . 
  however , city of london , together with other units of similar authority , gives up a large part of their authority and power to a unit of even higher authority , england , which , in return , gives up some of it 's authority to the united kingdom , which is the final level and handless the tasks that require the most power , for example foreign policy . 
  side note : i have no clue how the actual british authority system works , i just used it because it has the most levels that i could think of on the spot . 
  the system , however , is the same for all the democratic states of the world , including federations and unitary states both . 
  dictatorships work on a twisted variant of these rules , where a dictator takes up a part ( 0 to 100 percent ) of citizens ' authority by force , without their consent . 
   germany and east europe need to fix their russian gas addiction . 
  that 's what 's forcing us to act like pussies in this whole business . 
  exactly . 
  we have to make russia depend on its buyers , not the buyers depend on its russian seller . 
  in lithuania we had basically the same group of people represent anti-fracking , anti-nuclear , anti-farmland sale for other eu citizens movements . 
  assuming what nato says is true , and they most likely have better proof than anyone here on reddit to back their words , it 's only logical to assume kremlin is involved in all the anti-eu campaigns that benefits kremlin , not only fracking . 
  i 'm not interested neither in the cheap property around chernobyl neither in cheap property of non-nato/eu states that depend on russian resources completely because of some greenist nutjobs who killed off their country 's strategic resource independence for some bullshit like ` atom no green , russian gas - greenest ! ', 
  besides , nato has released a statement a few weeks ago where it claims that russia is funding * many * anti nuclear/anti fracking/anti everything that makes countries less dependant on russian resources campaigns . 
  ironically , nuclear power is the greenest of all powers , greener than even the real greens . 
  the damage per kwh produced is really , really low , but since catastrophes are so massive it causes a weird after catastrophe shock effect , similar to plane crashes . 
  travelling by plane is much more safer than travelling by car , but since plane crashes kill more people in one catastrophe than car crashes do , media talks about plane crashes more and creates the illusion that planes kill more people per distance travelled . 
  no , denmark is n't doing what us wants denmark to do . 
  denmark is doing what is best for denmark , and just so it happens that it is also best for us that it happens in denmark , because both countries , as well as the rest of europe , value the same virtues - free market , etc. 
   face the fact russia is reliable partner this is a complete lie . 
  you can never know when they 'll demand russian as second official language or some ` exclusive ' rights to a russian minority , that is , as locals know and foreigners do not , usually extremely intolerant and sometimes outright fascist . 
   if eu will manage gas business with russia for fixed for eu price , has been the goal of eu for a very long time and russia does everything to make sure that it does n't happen . 
  including supporting far right anti-establishment nutjob parties that would n't mind to change government system to something like in russia , especially regarding gay rights and freedom of press . 
  i do n't want cheap gas from russia , i want equal price for gas from russia for every country it sells gas to . 
  what it does right now is 2nd rank monopoly , where single seller sets different prices to different countries just because it can . 
  in other words , it 's the 2nd most ineffective marketing model . 
  let me try to count . 
  baltic states join eu/nato - various random embargoes for milk and etc happened over the years . 
  ukraine/georgia/moldova wants to join eu/nato - kremlin threatens them and says they will stop selling them gas or raise price to sky high , just like it 's already sky high in lithuania or bulgaria . 
  i was referring to the post-soviet situation of the non-russian part of soviet union . 
  almost every of these suffered a sharp decline in population while at the same time increasing their quality of life . 
  even disregarding migration , decline is still there . 
  so why does kremlin blackmail its equals then ? 
  russian influence is enslavement , whether you like it or not . 
  they do not view their allies as equals , they view their allies as puppets whom they can boss around as they wish . 
   except their goals are n't always same as yours not going to deny that . 
  eu is a bunch of countries with different interests who work together to achieve the same final result - increase in quality of life . 
  it 's better to align ourselves with those whose interests are at least a tiny bit alike ours than those who view us as puppets . 
  as the overall economical situation of a country improves the time when the family ( if they can ) start planning children is delayed more and more , as the family first wants a nice economical basis for their children , usually better than the one the parents had in their own youth . 
  in undeveloped countries , child work is a common practice so a family usually lives better by having more children that also start working asap . 
   um , actually , most of them are russians ... 
  so i do n't know what you mean by `` our '' . 
  they work in lithuania , in a power plant owned by lithuania , pay taxes to lithuania . 
  we did n't grow them up , but they worked for us . 
   so , you basically are saying you 'd rather die in poisoned land than live with russian influence ? 
  i 'd rather live here free for some time and when i ca n't live free here anymore i 'd leave for somewhere else than live enslaved . 
   because it is happening in more subtle fashion . 
  maybe . 
  and they do n't abuse that . 
  nato and eu never expanded by annexing other country 's territory , with the exception of unification of germany , but that [ was n't even annexation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reunification_of_germany#process_of_reunification ) . 
  so as long as usa , european biggies and nato view us as allies and their goals are the same as our goals - why not be allies ? 
  well , joys to you , soon if you 'll want a russian circlejerk you will have to move to russia for its glorious runet . 
  nice example . 
  now lets examine it . 
   evil fascist ukrainians  american overlords  oppress russians  try to overthrow democracy common lies by kremlin  russians try to crush powerless neighbours  russian slavery ukraine perceived russia as it 's closest ally while being completely dependent on russia for its resources and political stability . 
  we know how it ended . 
   but there are a lot less safe plants working to this day in europe , why was lithuanian one bad ? 
  apart from the fact it made lithuania independent in terms of energy and that it was built by soviet union ? 
  i do n't know , to be honest . 
  most likely they were afraid of the scenario repeating without actually researching the possibility . 
  also the deal was that eu would help us build a new one , so why not ? 
   p.s if you did n't know , even though it was the same type of reactor as chernobyl ( rbmk ) , chernobyl scenario was simply impossible there , and in more than 30 years of its lifetime there were 0 serious accidents , only few scheduled maintenances and modifications . 
  i was aware of that . 
  pretty sure our specialists were much , much better than the ones who worked in chernobyl all those years ago . 
   being dependent on russian resources does not poison our land , unlike shale gas . 
  it poisons our minds and wallets . 
  a nation can lose all of its land to an enemy or to a catastrophe and still survive , but it will not survive if it will be enslaved for a long enough time . 
   welcome to geopolitics 101 , same goes with eu/us . 
  over the ~ 4 years that i 've been following the political scene of eu and lithuania i have n't noticed a single time when we were threatened to be occupied and banished to alaska for not doing something . 
  russian propaganda : `` hey , world , listen !, 
  we are n't the only country that spews propaganda !, 
  evil us and a spews propaganda too !, 
  it 's just as bad as our ! '', 
  rational westerners ' look : `` kremlin employs propaganda and economical blackmail to achieve its imperialistic goals , such as aggressive expansion , fake global superpower status and sphere of influence in eastern europe '' . 
  how is that propaganda ? 
  nato promised not to expand , and it did n't expand . 
  the new states joined on their own free will and kremlin can kiss ass , the new states ' free will is their own , not kremlin 's will . 
  definitely not as safe and efficient as the reactors that were to be bought from that japanese company . 
  who else then , if not kremlin ? 
  you think it 's one big coincidence that over such a short period of time we had so many anti-europe and pro-russian political projects going on while at the same time russia goes nuts in ukraine * and * introduces new anti-separatist , anti-free press laws ? 
  possible , but extremely unlikely . 
  is our own shale gas more of a suicide long term than being dependent on russian resources ? 
  living as we live now is living with an alcoholic husband mr. gazprom , who threatens to beat you , mrs. lithuania , up every time you refuse to do as he says , and when mrs. lithuania goes to her friend to talk about her abusive husband mr. gazprom and tells about all the atrocities she suffered , mr. gazprom starts spewing bullshit on the local radio that mrs. lithuania is a whore , etc , etc. 
  and everyone believes mr. gazprom , because he 's such a successful businessman , richest man in the world , and the radio plays what he says , because he has cash and friends . 
  believe what you want about georgia and ukraine , i think i 'm done arguing to people about this over internet , not gon na change things . 
  russia does this not because it wants clay , it 's just very unsecure country with very big imperialistic ambitions , and they , for some reason , think that they can tell themselves that they 're better than big bad us and a by being aggressive towards its ex-potential allies . 
  eu did n't screw you over , eu wanted us to shut down the old model power plant ( the same model that exploded in chernobyl ) and build a new one for the region and then join the european power grid , but thanks to kremlin funded massively anti-lithuanian campaign - the same campaign , the same people , the same parties were trying to screw over many energetic projects such as shale gas , nuclear plant , links with poland and sweden , restructurization of the ownership of gas pipes in lithuanian territory - these projects are dead for at least until the new elections . 
  by warning world about russia i mean exactly the things that happened to georgia and ukraine . 
  had we not been in nato , we would be the target # 1 right now . 
  regarding the link , well , it 's nice to see someone who is very active in political life of the country without being a politician , but , since i do n't know which side you represent , i 'll just say that nuclear power plants , including the infamous catastrophes of chernobyl , fukushima , etc , have killed less people for every kwh produced than any other resource based power plant , does not emit greenhouse gas , and is really cheap . 
  lithuania does not have a third choice - it 's either be a part of russian economically blackmailed countries club or build our own nuclear power plant and join the european grid . 
  first of all , yeah , i agree to the first part of your post , it 's weird to see so many anti-russian and anti-eu/grybauskait \u0117 people . 
  it 's already time for them to realize there is no middle ground . 
  countries in the interwar period tried to do that - europe was full of dictatorships led by far right parties - and got annexed pretty fast . 
  and lithuania does n't pretend to be a superpower and does n't want to be one ( or , well , should not ) , but a dream to be in the most powerful military alliance as well as richest economic union is very normal dream that came true , but some people just want to screw us over again .
