you answered your own question . 
  nato was formed to defend it 's members from soviet union . 
  well , in lithuania communist parties are banned , and branding oneself a socialist party is just wishing to not to get elected . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure the same applies to all of eastern europe , with the only countries having proper left-wings being scandinavia , as western european left-wings are what the majority of left-wings are - piece of populist crap . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_the_baltic_states_ ( 1940 ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonia%e2%80%93russia_relations#bronze_soldier_of_tallinn_controversy educate yourself . 
  as long as the left-wings are direct descendants of communist parties , they will . 
   a huge fan of ron paul this is his diagnosis . 
   russia does see nato as a threat to their security . 
  this is a problem of russia then , if they see a god damn defensive alliance as a threat to their security , not a problem of nato , and certainly not a problem of smaller states of eastern europe that seek protection of nato , because basic logic is that if a country views a defensive pact as a threat then that said country is revanchist/offensively minded . 
  like communists ? 
  take away our socialist government and give us immature please . 
  if you actually made reaseach about this issue , you should know that the most popular representative of polish people of lithuania is waldemar tomaszewski , a populist scum and a close ally of putin . 
  it 's bloody obvious that his job is not to make poles live better in lithuania , but to destroy the unity of the country using polish minority the same way as russian minority is used in latvia . 
  as an example , he 's been noticed wearing the st. george 's ribbon , but during the embargo of polish apples he did n't participate in the events run by liberals and conservatives of lithuania to support poland over this issue . 
  the stereotypically uneducated , poor and politically ignorant polish-russian-lithuanian villagers in vilnius district , who may even have grandparents of 3 or 4 different nationalities , vote for tomaszewski because ` hurr durr polan ' , while many polish people i know or follow through facebook often prefer liberal parties over tomaszewski 's pro-kremlin populist bloc because liberals are proper liberals - always supportive of ethnic , sexual , etc , etc , minorities . 
  as a result of the situation i described , what the polish minority around vilnius gets from the middle-class and higher citizens of lithuania is a never ending hate-train for being destructive to the state and laughed at in the lithuanian internets for actually voting against their own well-being . 
  also , since tomaszewski 's task is to be vocal to other countries , i found him often cited in various articles , putting every ignorant polish person who reads those articles and agrees with tomaszewski in a bad light as well . 
  actually , it does n't hurt me . 
  it just makes you look bad . 
  i 've read most of top comments on this thread and the clear trend of ` omg vilnius polish siti ' followed by ` fk it we dun wannah ' is just plain stupid , nazi and , in the light of events in ukraine , destroying our unity . 
  the amount of nazis in this thread is way too damn high . 
  i hope you realize that behavior and words like yours makes us dislike some polish people , not the fact that they are polish . 
  it 's not 1917 , we do n't need to move capitals further inland to make them safer from enemy invasion . 
  i probably must apologize for that , too ? 
  then you probably never read your own posts . 
  if you go full nazi/commie - does n't matter who you are - polish , american , incan , jamaican or freaking martian - you will be treated badly , unless you talk to leftists . 
  they apologize for things they have never done and like to kiss ass . 
  oh hey , it 's this nazi guy again , trying to convince the world ( and reddit ) , that zeligowski 's mutiny was n't zeligowski 's mutiny and the real offenders of polish occupation of vilnius during the years of 1920-1939 were lithuanians . 
  with this mentality you can always go fight for the dpr . 
  if you die , we wo n't miss you . 
  post-ww2 era in the eastern europe was indeed heaven for all kinds of fringe characters and criminals and thugs to experiment in running a subject as large as country . 
  most of them screwed up pretty bad so all they wanted was good results on paper , thus the 5-year-plan-in-4-years jokes and such . 
   eu look like the 4th reich . 
  what 's worse it 's happening at the same time as putin is cumshotting all over eastern europe . 
  being from there myself i really doubt it 's just a coincidence , as our own `` eu is 4th reich '' guys are clearly financed by kremlin . 
  what is also important is the purpose of the propaganda . 
  way back a century or two , the word had no negative meaning , but only a single negative angle among many neutral angles . 
  thanks to our dear friends in the east , propaganda now is 100 % evil . 
  at this stage all russia needs to do is to convince the undecided middle about propaganda ` from both sides ' and the undecided population automatically assumes that us/cia/nato / eu/jews/raptors are automatically evil . 
  * reality has an anti-russian bias * that 's my new motto . 
  what about what about, 
  in my personal experience , it 's been the standard of almost every subreddit . 
  the amount of leftism in this thread is way too damn high . 
  of course tyrannies are n't fun , and you 're sitting here defending them . 
  hahaha , so funny . 
  my head ca n't handle so much bullshit and apologism for murderers and terrorists . 
  should n't have removed all those lenins then , monuments to the builder of one of the worst dictatorships of our kind . 
  should have glorified him and murders and terrorism done by him and his successors . 
   meanwhile we keep pumping money into banks omg korparatinos so bad omg destroi banks really . 
  there 's a big nice land northeast of you where countries , after austerity , have the biggest growth numbers in eu . 
  and we do n't blame banks . 
  so 1m3 is 998kg . 
   once they figured out the length of one meter , they calculated 1 dm3 and they filled 1 dm3 with water and said that that was exactly one litre and one kg . 
  you 've just proven yourself wrong and the person you replied to right . 
  i 'm lucky we did n't start extracting shale gas in lithuania . 
  us would have sent nato to annex us then ... oh wait . 
  definitely so . 
  all those minors around russia are joining nato because some day they plan to invade it just like smart and educated russians have been telling us since day1 . 
  of course . 
  hello , good morning !, 
  nato is first and foremost a defensive alliance . 
  viewing a defensive alliance as a threat is simply telling everyone around you that you are an imperialist , obnoxious son of a bitch . 
  to be fair , in such a situation first and foremost you should be mad at those people who were such inefficient administrators that they could have put a country in such position rather than those who ( possibly ) took over the country after an election in a terrible financial situation and did n't give up to the urge to lower defense spending . 
  this is probably the first time i see the jagiellonian dynasty refered to as jagiello-piast . 
  let us enable basic logic now . 
  if 100 percent of variations of communism were done , as you say , ` following the soviet example ' , does n't it make sense that it * may * be impossible to pull off it * without * following the said example ? 
  and if by chance you do n't believe in science of statistics and have morals of the level of a rock , you 're welcome to try and repeat without following that example . 
  just , please , when you kill another million or two of people make sure someone from your family/friends/country is in the list of dead . 
  you 'll then realize how ridiculous of a point you 're trying to prove here . 
  [ wink , wink ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance ), 
   so i 'm an extremist for wanting a different system ? 
  that hardly seems fair . 
  also is there any reasoning to that point ? 
  yes , and not a very smart man as well if you still wan na try that ` new ` system , adaptations of which have a 100 percent failure rate . 
  oh , the good old ussr was n't communist argument . 
  you know what ? 
  go talk about that bs in conspiratard and nutjob subreddits , not here . 
  you are an idiot , i 'm not in the mood to talk stuff with you . 
  my original point was that ultimately , their opinions do n't matter . 
  you have reading problems or what ? 
  it 's a shame idiots exist and elect other idiots . . 2012 , parliament elections in lithuania . 
  the crisis government of 2008 - 2012 that made lithuania one of the fastest growing countries in eu was n't reelected , instead an ex-communist socialist nutjob party won the election and formed a coalition with 3 other retarded parties simply because their slogan was `` we 're not going to fuck you all too hard . 
  just a little '' does the educated part of the lithuanian society give a shit about what those parties in the government think ? 
  not really , as long as they keep to the projects that the 2008 ' government started , they can talk anything they want , everyone knows village drunks ai n't running the country , businessmen and educated specialists do . 
   new democracy in greece a country fucks itself up and elects nutjobs who blame eu and germany and stuff like that instead of the ones responsible . 
  a nice example why such parties should * not * be elected . 
  they do , but they do n't get elected , thus their views do n't matter . 
  and who exactly is going to rebel ? 
  lazy asses , village drunks and marginal politicians ? 
  fuck them all , europe 's well being rests on the shoulders of intelligent and geopolitically educated middle class , not some socialist lowlifes who think eu is some evil cia project made to steal aryan races ' money . 
  bullshit and more bullshit . 
  eu did n't fuck your country up , your country fucked itself up . 
  usa has the biggest total gdp in the world . 
  all eu states ' gdp combined is even bigger than that . 
  russia is about 1/8th as big . 
  so now what 's worse - for russia to lose the two biggest economies of the world as potential market or for eu and usa lose a market which is only 1/16th of their total gdp ? 
  not sure if you 're sarcastic or just really ignorant . 
  russia is known for blackmailing its energy sector customer states in the way noone else does . 
  the russian have no problem showing what they saw because they are fucking liars . 
  keep on blaming russia ?
