   and none of the opponents have specified a remotely possible alternative to the deal . 
  because they do n't want an alternative . 
  here in the us and in israel there are many `` powers that be '' that see a permanent frozen conflict with iran to be in their interests . 
  it keeps military spending up , gives us an excuse to stay in the region and most importantly gives them an `` out-group '' for them to point at to scare and rile up their home populations so that the citizens are distracted , afraid and easier to control . 
  only if you do n't have a royale with cheese . 
  i never said the us does n't set a bad example . 
  i said that you can not claim the whole concept of secret courts and prisons originated with the us . 
   when they do , they are the baddies ? 
  when did i ever say anybody specifically are baddies ? 
  my whole point is that this kind of bad shit is fairly universal across human cultures , countries and time . 
  that does n't excuse it , but to say that other countries only do what they do because the us does it is just not true . 
  it may give them a nice excuse but that 's all it is . 
  we do the same . 
  never said we do n't . 
  that 's my point . 
  there are more neo-nazis in nyc/east coast and the west coast , where most immigrants to this country are , than anywhere else . 
   when someone commits a crime , the blame solely lies on the perpetrator . 
  unless that crime is crossing international borders illegally right ? 
   the usa set the precedent for secret courts/overseas prisons . 
  which is just not true . 
  australia anybody ? 
  the tower of london ? 
  hell , the brits made prison colonies in north america as well . 
  soviet gulag systems ? 
  the bastille ? 
  laying the whole idea of secret courts and prisons solely at the feet of the us is laughable . 
  believe it or not but the us did n't invent everything that is wrong with humanity . 
  now that said , what has happened and is happening at guantanamo bay prison is a disgrace to the republic . 
  maybe it did inspire putin and his boys . 
  though seeing as how he 's ex-kgb and well familiar with how the soviets dealt with dissent i highly doubt guantanamo was some kind of shocking revelation to them . 
  yep , you 're proving exactly my point . 
  acknowledging a problem exists = / = going to war like iraq/afghanistan . 
  funny how we 're a ) no allowed to talk about or even recognize problem exists b ) racist for saying there is a problem c ) saying there is a problem means you can only advocate extreme `` solutions '' apparently . 
  unbelievable the world we live in . 
  pew research and literally every other group that tracks population growth and movement actually . 
  when did i say all muslims are terrorists ? 
  when did i say all muslims hate america ? 
  when did i say none of these immigrants are legit refugees ? 
  most marines i know would say a good fight is its own reward . 
  crazy bastards . 
  i know what it is . 
  what does that have to do with me being sad it happens ? 
  targeting marines : well that was the first mistake . 
  seriously though it 's sad that our boys ca n't even visit the capital of one of our strongest allies without having to be ready to fight for their lives . 
  unfortunately this is only going to become a bigger problem as more and more of these `` refugees '' flood into europe . 
  projected to be over 10 % of the european population in a decade or two and they 're not exactly people that are friendly to the us and its citizens . 
  edit : it appears the point i 'm trying to make has gone completely over some heads . 
  it really is as simple as muslims tend to not like the us , europe is becoming more muslim at a great rate . 
  there are lots of american troops in europe . 
  therefore the potential for conflict and attacks goes up . 
  recognizing these facts does not make me or anybody else a racist . 
  how about punch cards for a soup line ? 
  they can even wear the potato sacks !, 
  very efficient . 
   19 eur holy fuck when i visited austria i was usually spending less than that each day not counting lodging . 
  if i had known all i needed to do was pack a tent and sleep in a park and you guys would pay me to stay i would have stayed a lot longer than a week !, 
  if donald trump becomes president i 'm declaring myself an asylum seeker and going on a nice vacation . 
  exactly , i 'm assuming you have to spend a lot of time and effort going through trade school and becoming certified . 
  maybe even a union member which probably involves a time and monetary commitment as well . 
  all this would do is drive down wages for natives while encouraging more `` refugees '' to follow . 
  i never said anything about doing anybody favors . 
  the us certainly gains from having a strong military presence in europe . 
  european nato members gain from this as well as much as you will try to deny it . 
  that does not mean that the current imbalance is due to us scheming . 
  we take advantage of the situation sometimes certainly as any state in our position would . 
  the fact remains that it is european inaction that causes the imbalance . 
  why should anybody take the pact seriously in the first place if the vast majority of european nato members do n't even meet their bare minimum nato 2 % ? 
  i did n't say any of that . 
  it still costs time , money and political capital to do so and even now very little real progress is being made on that front . 
  there 's so much work to do and yet some act like you can pass a new law and be done with it . 
   their interests , providing money to their companies and jobs to their citizens . 
  like every other state in the history of mankind . 
  the sheer horror of it . 
   nukes are the reason we may spend less on the military , not bloated dod budget . 
  and whose nukes are european countries relying on ? 
  not just the uk and france that 's for damn sure . 
  european nato members get plenty from and have been perfectly happy to work and fight with the united states for decades . 
  when the russians start acting up who is it that all these eastern european governments are turning to with their hats in their hands ? 
  then spend the billions of euros and put tens of thousands more men into uniform that will be necessary to get there . 
  all this ever is is just talk . 
  at the end of the day you have to open your wallet and that 's something that european countries have been reluctant to do for decades . 
  this current imbalance exists because of european inaction and little else . 
  why should n't people be able to defend themselves if the state is unwilling or incapable of doing so ? 
  why should the state have a monopoly on the legitimate use of physical force ? 
  fine with many working americans . 
  we 'll be just fine . 
  then we should boot them from nato . 
  they 're one of the only ones who meet spending `` guidelines '' but what use is that if this is how our umbrella and nuclear protection is rewarded ? 
  kick turkey and every other country that does n't agree to hit 2 % spending by 2018 . 
  so would now be a good time to visit there ? 
  i 've always wanted to see moscow and st. petersburg . 
  just worried that people may not be so friendly to me because of where i 'm from . 
  a quarter of american children are living in poverty and living in a food-insecure environment . 
  why should we spend billions on other countries , to be rewarded with accusations of imperialism , when so many millions of our own children live in filth and go to bed hungry every night ? 
   and partnership with nato will never happen so long as there 's an active conflict or dispute with russia . 
  how else are you supposed to fuck bitches and kill commies ? 
  okay . 
  and these processes should start at the bottom up with minimum security and youth facilities to catch them while they 're young . 
  you 're just not going to be able to rehabilitate the hardcore prisoners that already exist here by the tens of thousands . 
  this is a process that 's going to take decades .
