   tell that to the high courts in the rest of the world . 
  absolutely none of which have any authority or jurisdiction on us soil whatsoever . 
  so we 'll tell them all day every day to fuck off . 
  it removes the trash from society . 
  that 's well worth the costs , which are only so high because of all the appeals processes not the actual executions . 
  like i said i also want to reintroduce the firing squad and hanging which are much cheaper than lethal injection or the chair . 
   killing someone who is completely at the mercy of the state would it make you feel better if we gave them a chance to fight their way out ? 
  how about their victims ? 
  where was their mercy ? 
  you 're not going to convince me and i 'm not going to convince you . 
  the fact is your feelings about things have no impact on the legality of capital punishment or its implementation . 
  maybe if you spent this much energy and time tackling poverty and child neglect in this country there would n't be so many animals that need to be put down in the first place . 
   especially the cruel and unusual method that the us uses to execute people . 
  the ussc has ruled that capital punishment is not inherently `` cruel and unusual punishment '' . 
  though i would agree that lethal injection is n't the way to go . 
  which is why i said we should bring back the firing squads and hanging . 
  good honorable and relatively clean and quick deaths that are probably better than 99 % of them deserve . 
  everything you 're saying is just pure emotional bs . 
  there are some unforgiveable crimes for which people forfeit the right to continue their existence on this earth . 
  deal with it . 
  and people still kill people in countries with no death penalty . 
  so terrible to be a part of the 1,000,000 + years of human history that preceded 2015 . 
  some people deserve to die . 
  you 're delusional if you think human beings wo n't always kill and murder each other . 
  it 's in our very basic nature . 
  you need to realize i 'm not saying that 's what should happen . 
  i 'm saying that 's what 's going to happen . 
  i do n't agree with it but facts are facts and the european people and governments in various countries are the ones that seem to think they can take in everyone from a poor country , not me . 
  so then vote . 
  nobody is saying you ca n't . 
  but the fact of the fucking matter is that you 've lost those votes and you 've lost in the supreme court . 
  what could and should happen is vastly different from what will happen and what will happen is tens of millions if not hundreds of millions of africans and middle easterners will be heading for europe in the coming century . 
  especially if europe continues with an open door policy but it 's going to happen either way . 
  i do n't know about you but i plan on being around in 3 decades . 
  this is absolutely going to happen . 
  people are going to be displaced and move . 
  north into europe is clearly the most attractive . 
  if you want to deny this will happen you may as well deny climate change is happening or that people have a willingness to move . 
  the american people have a clear majority in favor . 
  unless you want to violate the human right of americans to self-determination . 
  which like i said before could and should be considered an act of war . 
  you and your communist friends have absolutely no jurisdiction or authority in the usa . 
  and we will defend ourselves from foreign aggression at all costs . 
  and what percentage of those were ethnic germans ? 
  lol `` what 's the limit '' . 
  there is no limit . 
  you can set limits all day every day but at the end of the day it 's just meaningless words on paper . 
  you actually have to take action and implement them because people are going to keep coming no matter what . 
  people are also ignoring the elephant in the room that is climate change which will cause the largest migrations in human history as people move away from the equator , sea levels rise and desertification causes there to be even less arable land . 
  strap in cowboys because this rodeo is just getting started no matter how much your politicians and bureaucrats squeak about limits and quotas . 
   the holiday was even created for whites to have a `` role model '' . 
  whites ca n't have role models ? 
   the people of britain have n't had the opportunity to have a ` proper debate ' as they call it on immigration for a very long time . 
  when it comes , it is n't going to be pretty see that 's the thing though , the longer you wait until you have that debate , the more immigrants you 'll have and their children who will forever ( almost certainly anyway ) support leaving the door open if not widening it . 
  why do you think american democrats are so enthusiastic about the millions of hispanic immigrants they let in who overwhelmingly vote democratic ? 
  the demographic shifts of the uk will ultimately shift its politics as well . 
  that 's probably already happening . 
  and i would thoroughly and fundamentally disagree that capital punishment violates human rights . 
  particularly for those tried and convicted of commiting heinous crimes , sometimes falling into the category of human rights violations themselves , and subsequently sentenced to death by a jury of their peers . 
  fucking hell you seriously think these people are n't going to work for illegal wages under the table ? 
  i 've got a bridge to sell you made with cheap migrant labor . 
  the government only carries out the will of the people by performing executions . 
  death sentences are passed down by a jury of peers from the community . 
  unless you would prefer vigilante mobs dealing with what needs to be done to protect communities . 
  some kids so from school but otherwise no . 
  your sets of morals are n't the only ones that exist . 
  our crime rates result from a lack of social infrastructure not the death penalty . 
  i think the point is i want more days off actually . 
   you can not give up your culture at the reception at the moment you migrate into another country . 
  everybody loves to point at the us as an example of how to do immigration because `` muh multiculturalism '' . 
  but what they fail to mention is that everybody that came either came willingly or was forced like the african slaves . 
  the american indians were forced to accept immigration and look how things turned out for them . 
  but off the boat africans were forcibly integrated and converted to christianity . 
  the chinese were treated pretty shit and forced to learn english . 
  the irish and germans started coming over and they were basically forced off the boat into the union army in the american civil war . 
  german and japanese and italian americans were all forced into internment camps during ww2 . 
  german and italian in ww1 . 
  languages and newspapers banned , outlawed in schools , etc. 
  less than half as many german speakers in the us today than a century ago ( 2-1 million 1900-2000 ) . 
  the texas german dialect for example is already practically extinct . 
  [ cajun french language suppressed in schools , english enforced ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cajun_french#decline ) etc. 
  we need a viking day more than anything . 
  i really hope that 's a sopranos thing , but i do n't know because your link is broken . 
  why ca n't they both have a day ? 
  we have plenty of days . 
  not syria but all the middle east and subsuharan african wanting to head away from the equator due to climate change causing lack of drinking water and arable land is n't going to look pretty giving it another 20-100 years . 
   besides all that , the american system of capital punishment in particular violates its own constitution , which guarantees protection from cruel and unusual punishment by the state . 
  not according to the united states supreme court and the popular opinion of the american people . 
   executioners in america also ca n't get their hands on proper lethal injection drugs because other countries refuse to sell it to them , so they use a cocktail of chemicals that sometimes work and sometimes do n't kill or cause pain . 
  absolutely , i agree , disgusting that they get put down like dogs . 
  they need to bring back the firing squad and hanging . 
  particularly for treason and corruption in government and the military . 
   capital punishment is already `` unusual '' because the us along with several authoritarian dictatorships is the only country that utilizes it , and it is certainly cruel in the current manner that the us uses to carry it out . 
  utterly irrelevant . 
  unless you 're challenging the sovereignty of the united states and the human right of the american people to self-determination which could and would be considered an act of war against the american people . 
  confusing as fuck . 
  they medicate them in prison and also have access to doctors and psychiatrists and such . 
  at the end of the day you need a lot of money to build public mental health hospitals and there 's so many other things taxpayers and the government would rather spend that money on . 
  more power to you then . 
   two other protests were officially not allowed  only the international socialists were allowed to take action mayor allowing some marches but not others .
