  and that is n't because i get bored but because i get distracted and start game after game with new countries and startdates . 
  then go back to old ones . 
  etc forever . 
  also totally second / u/unsilviu on ckii, 
  and there 's the kicker . 
  no adults are going to feel the full effects of this . 
  it 'll be your children and grandchildren that bear the brunt . 
  ah i got you . 
  good comparison . 
  pretty sure bonnie was n't just an innocent girl but i ca n't remember . 
  pretty sure she actively took part . 
  i saw their car once in person . 
  seemed like there were more bullet holes than intact steel . 
  [ i 'm sure this thread will be civil . 
  well ... you * could * . 
  not that i would condone that . 
  sooooo fucking good . 
  i 'm glad you have it . 
  if this was cnn . 
  this would have 2000 + upvotes . 
  oooh that polenta looks good . 
  it almost looks like corn bread which is what we usual use cornflour for besides battering . 
  do you have cornbread over there ? 
  i would kill for good homemade , warm cornbread and a big glass of milk . 
  it 's mostly feed corn where i am as well . 
  do you eat it with butter ? 
  is it a side dish ? 
  what do you eat with it ? 
  do you have popcorn or kettlecorn as well ? 
  does anybody make corn liquor there ? 
  if it was harvested by combine the stalks would be cut . 
  but there 's uses for the stalks and shucks and such so those usually get harvested too . 
  pretty sure it is corn now that i 'm taking a second look . 
  it is still a bit early for harvesting here ( have seen some though ) but idk what weather and such has been like in hungary . 
  sometimes they do n't harvest if there 's problems . 
  i had no idea there was corn production in europe . 
  is it popular in hungary ? 
  is it mostly sweet corn or feed corn ? 
  do you eat it off the cob ? 
  you patrol and have the soldiers ready to go with transport standing by . 
  you have police patrol . 
  you have helicopters and planes in the air . 
  it 's possible to do and stop people but i 'm not pretending you 're going to be able to stop a significant percentage from getting through anyway . 
  the point is if people know they 're going to wind up getting caught and deported anyway there 's less incentive to try in the first place . 
  eh , minimum wage in germany is like $ 2.50 an hour more than us $ 7.25 / hour . 
  $ 3.45 more an hour in france . 
  that adds up with 5-15 employees . 
  if it makes a difference , i also noticed that the mcdonalds stores that i saw and went in to in europe looked much nicer , cleaner and the food was generally much better than it was back home . 
  lots of mcdonalds are dumps here or have n't been remodeled in 30/40 years . 
   he 's not a registered voter in ~ ~ hungary or europe ~ ~ the us , he 's not affected at all by what 's going on . 
  so i could give a fuck what you think about our relations with mexico or our immigration policies . 
  yeah the mena was all sunshine and rainbows until ` murica showed up . 
  ... you do that achmed . 
  i 'm going to sit here and rest for a bit . 
  i 'll be following your footsteps in a minute ... 
  what are those crops being grown on the left , hungarian side ? 
  that 's not corn is it ? 
  hard to tell from the angle . 
  how about 1000 soldiers with billy clubs and tear gas with another 1000 with less than lethal weapons behind them ? 
  i understand they can go around , but your assertions that there 's nothing they can do that will be effective outside of lethal force is just wrong . 
  they could handle it the same way every major protest/riot gets handled by police forces around the world . 
  have you ever been shot with rubber bullets ? 
  `` no effect practically '' are n't the words i would use to describe it , as someone who has been shot with one . 
  how about when anything remotely anti-immigration was being banned or censored outright or at the very least contained to `` megathreads '' that were posted like once a week ? 
  people have different opinions and peoples opinions change over time . 
  why is that such a bad thing ? 
  i 'd rather see discussions and thoughts change over time than have one circlejerk echo chamber . 
  you 've obviously never been a starving , poor refugee from a war torn shithole or you 'd know the very first thing you do once you 've made it to your third peaceful country away from war is start a hunger strike to make it to your 4th/5th/6th safe country . 
  the opening of the movie scarface is tony montana trying to convince us ice that he 's `` a political prisoner from cuba '' . 
  `` i told you to tell them , you was in a sanitarium , not sanitation '' . 
  i do n't know why and it 's not really relevant but you made me think of the movie . 
  nazi party is illegal in germany . 
  why not militant islamic salafism ? 
   because everything slightly non anti-immigration is getting downvoted to oblivion on this sub lately . 
  as opposed to everything slightly anti-immigration getting downvoted to oblivion until `` lately '' like it was before ? 
  then they can gtfo of our country if they hate it so much . 
  iirc as of 2014 only 5 nato members spent their `` required '' 2 % of gdp on their military . 
  3 of those 5 were the us , canada and turkey . 
  the 4th , the uk is holding a referendum on eu membership . 
  i do believe though that poland , lithuania and one or two others have/will join the `` 2 % club '' recently or in the next year . 
  apparently we 're so good we 're supposed to be sad about every last little loss we incur . 
  i mean it lets them feel like they 're doing something so why not let them be happy ? 
  it would be rude to mention we could turn their entire little country into broken glass and ash without missing supper . 
  did i miss something or is germany the only country providing eu funding and the only one allowed to have a democratic voice in the eu ? 
   i am curious though . 
  is this a shia/sunni thing or an arab/persian thing ? 
  both . 
  ethno-religious conflict is a bitch ai n't it ? 
  just ask the balkans . 
  maybe if our allies in the coalition had contributed more there would n't have been such a power vacuum . 
  maybe saddam and his regime would have collapsed anyway . 
  maybe if the brits and french had n't drawn up me borders . 
  maybe if sunni and shia had n't slaughtered each other for a millennia . 
  maybe if the mongols had n't sacked baghdad . 
  maybe if humans had never walked out of africa . 
  maybe maybe maybe . 
  then send in the bundeswehr . 
  but international borders are just made up squiggly lines on maps with no real meaning or purpose maaaan, 
  and they manage to do just fine here despite us not changing our laws and society for them ... 
  funny how that works huh ?
