  if people are going to say vile things better let them say it in the open so people can see what idiots they are . 
  rights are sometimes a two edged sword but if i let them take the rights of my neighbor and i do nothing because i do n't like his politics what neighbor will stand with me when they take mine ? 
  i would die so that my countrymen can speak their minds , even if i vehemently disagree with their opinions . 
  is that the guy that played captain winters in band of brothers ? 
  she 's going to ride the `` first female president '' schtick all the way to the white house . 
  help me bernie , you 're my only hope ... 
  i worked 40 hours a week in a bed bath & beyond when i was in high school . 
  bb&b definitely does not deserve a `` fuck yeah '' . 
  other than that spot on . 
  imo average people are just desperate for someone who is n't a corporate whore . 
  i voted obama in 2012 and saw him speak and the atmosphere was electric . 
  `` hope & change '' is a punchline now but at the time it felt so real . 
  i felt like i was a part of something bigger than myself . 
  i was young and so proud to vote and take part then and now almost four years later i 'm so bitter and jaded and i think there are a lot of people like that . 
  things are very different now . 
  there 's no optimism ( and americans are usually optimistic people ) . 
  just tension and anger on both sides . 
  it does n't matter if you 're left or right there 's plenty to be pissed about . 
  if the economy tanks again things could get quite hairy very quickly . 
  i 've been looking at local militias and plan on joining one in the next year , membership in those is also through the roof . 
  drones are the future of warfare . 
  we can stop but russia , china , india and others will not . 
  if we have clinton v. bush 2016 we need a second revolution . 
  stocking up on ammunition in case shit hits the fan personally . 
  prices have gone through the roof . 
  money is speech in this country these days ... 
  which means some people have more speech than others . 
  oh and corporations are people my friend ... we 've been through worse . 
  we 'll get through this . 
  we 're resilient and it would n't be the first time by far that the american people shot it out with big business . 
  the republican establishment will never allow him to get the nomination . 
  they 've been trying to throw him under the bus at every opportunity . 
  `` the donald 's '' popularity speaks more to the pathetic republican field than anything about him . 
  there are a lot of angry people in this country right now and he 's playing off of fears . 
  say what you want about the guy but he 's not a complete idiot . 
  if trump somehow gets the nomination the democratic candidate will win . 
  if he does n't get the nomination and runs as a third then the democratic candidate will win by a landslide . 
  why should n't he be allowed to debate ? 
  it 's his right as an american citizen . 
  anybody should be allowed to voice their opinions in this country regardless of who they are or what they believe with almost no exceptions . 
  austria as a whole is so beautiful i went there when i was 18 and was just blown away . 
  especially the mountains , it was the first time i 'd ever seen any . 
  hope to go back and visit again soon . 
  the people were much friendlier than the germans as well imo . 
  a old man who owned a bar gave me a free beer because he said he was impressed by my german . 
  when i 'm having a rough time i think of my trip to the austrian alps and the clean air and crystal mountain streams and everything is okay again , 
  i self identify as a member of the borg collective . 
  resistance is futile . 
  you could set up large contained camps and hold migrants there until they can be processed . 
  the navy picks them up at sea and then the army and marines provide 24/7 security to keep the migrants safe and sound . 
  this is what we did when castro sent 125,000 cubans to florida . 
  is it ideal ? 
  is it better than total chaos ? 
  yes . 
   there needs to be a plan and means to protect them , and that is the responsibility of member states . 
  including hungary . 
  and who is to say that the hungarians do n't have the right idea about how to do it ? 
  and what better way to protect migrants than by having a well regulated and clear entrance , containment and processing system ? 
  schengen only applies once you 're inside its area no ? 
  schengen borders code states that members must check documents and detain individuals determined to pose a potential health or other risk no ? 
  and where does it say that there can be no physical barriers or fences ? 
  the fence in hungary is n't the first , the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ceuta_border_fence has been up for over 20 years . 
  the borders code also states that : `` a third-country national is a person who does * not * enjoy the right of free movement '' and that `` border guards are required to stamp the travel documents of third-country nationals when they cross external borders at all times , even in extraordinary and unforeseen circumstances , including when checks are relaxed . 
  it allows people to remove responsibility from themselves and thinking there 's some sort of conspiracy is usually more comforting than the truth of nobody being at the controls of the crazy runaway train we call life . 
  there are consequences for actions and sometimes the consequences of inaction outweigh the consequences of acting but that 's for europeans to figure out . 
  you can still contain people while letting them into the eu . 
  define `` protecting your border '' ? 
  okay , how about not allowing foreign nationals free access whenever and wherever they please ? 
  if i 'm an extremist i 'm thinking now is a good time to infiltrate europe in the chaos and crowds . 
  you can be humanitarians without being pushovers . 
  obviously the hungarians can build a fence in defiance of the eu . 
  they are doing so right now . 
  `` the rules '' are irrelevant . 
  what matters is power and the willingness to use it . 
  the eu seems to be a bit powerless and fractured right about now . 
  if the eu can not protect the borders of the eu then nation-states can and will do so on their own regardless of what the eu says . 
  if fences are going up , and if nothing changes i highly doubt the hungarian one will be the last , then that reflects upon the shortcomings of the eu and not the countries being forced to take matters into their own hands . 
  then have a plan and execute it . 
  do n't blame others for taking action when the establishment is either incapable of or refuses to do so . 
  like i said before , it 's hungarian soil , they can build whatever they want . 
  if people get hurt trying to get over the fence that 's not the fault of hungarians . 
  they did n't force anyone to try to climb it . 
  they have all the right in the world to build a fence . 
  so : journalists using encryption = supporting terrorism turkish government giving refuge and support for isis = not supporting terrorism ca n't argue with that logic . 
  what difference does it make if there 's barbed wire or not ? 
  it 's hungarian soil is it not ? 
  hungarians should be able to build whatever kind of fence they want on their land with mines and lasers if they really want . 
  if the eu wants to make demands over what hungarians can and can not build on ** their ** land maybe the eu should take over building and paying for all infrastructure in hungary ? 
  if the uk leaves it would make plenty of sense business wise to further increase trade between the uk & us . 
  that would benefit both countries despite the shrieks of imperialist americans ( the sheer fucking irony ) . 
  ultimately , the uk is the closest ally and partner of the us other than canada and the us wants a strong uk . 
  if they leave we and the rest of the anglosphere will be there for them and it 's absurd how some people try to spin that as outsiders trying to undermine the eu . 
  as others have said obama said he thinks the uk should stay for christsakes . 
   belgium bulgaria canada denmark france greece italy netherlands norway romania spain turkey united kingdom united states jordan qatar sweden united arab emirates but / r/europe told me everything is the fault of americans ? 
   so all in all it is n't too far fetched to say that the usa shares at least to some degree a responsibility for the current situation . 
  fair enough . 
  so why not your homelands flag or the american flag ? 
  are you an anarchist ? 
  and the numbers only keep going up . 
  the difference is we actually screen them and most all of the ones we take will be able to successfully integrate more or less in a generation or two .
