if i 've been getting told i 'm partially personally responsible for the wars in iraq + afghanistan since i was 8 years old then you can handle that . 
  if you did n't want them to sell weapons and such you could have easily stopped them by writing letters , protesting , revolution , etc. 
  no excuses !, 
  sir , what is / r/europe doing on an american website ? 
  you do n't though . 
  your governments have been breaking these laws as well by not enforcing them . 
  it 's expected that individuals will try to break those laws . 
  if we truly wanted to we could lock down that border so tight not even a mouse could get through without getting shot . 
  hell , we would n't even need the army . 
  there are plenty of private groups and militias that would do it for free . 
  the reason we do n't is because of politics and humanitarianism . 
  not a lack of ability to do so . 
  if the very survival of our nation were under threat we would do whatever necessary to protect our borders by force of arms . 
  crossing international borders and refusing to register or be processed in the country of arrival is illegal under eu law too . 
  he may but i 'm talking about soldiers in uniform in general . 
  plenty of army grunts and marines are n't . 
   what they and their uniforms represent . 
  which is what exactly ? 
  that if you 're a young man with shit prospects 3 squares a day , a roof and a rack and far better pay than anything else you could do the army starts looking pretty good ? 
  it happens . 
  when you 're a uniformed soldier you 're a symbol and a target and people usually do n't care about you as an individual but what you represent to them . 
  shit spot to be in sometimes . 
  depends on what work you 'll be doing and how educated you are http://travel.state.gov/content/visas/en/employment/temporary.html, 
  and in 2015 ? 
  it 's not like their pool of potential new recruits has gotten massively larger or anything . 
  everyone is born american . 
  some just have n't found their way home yet . 
  infuriating more like . 
  lol , corporations are `` people '' when it suits them . 
  companies when it does n't . 
  good luck convicting a corporate `` person '' of murder . 
  nah , just think it 's dumb that people honestly think being anti-circumcision is some kind of brave opinion on reddit . 
  so people are disagreeing with me about what then exactly ? 
  are you freaking kidding ? 
  one of the only things you can count on reddit for is a good ol fashioned anti-circumcision circlejerk . 
  anyone who would put the needs of foreigners over those of their own countrymen is a traitor to the republic . 
  treason is a capital offense . 
  but i 'm not really surprised that a random redditor is against the interests of the working class . 
   i do n't care what part of the table they 're being paid . 
  they are n't threatening my job . 
  yours perhaps . 
  so who is really displaying the `` fuck you i 've got mine '' behavior here ? 
  they threaten our jobs because they can work illegally under the table . 
  okay , then if you want to make things about `` weakness '' , i sincerely doubt you want to see anything resembling an escalation of force because we could have every illegal out of the country within a year if the gloves came off . 
  life is unfair . 
  they should n't get shit . 
  period . 
  no non citizen should get shit while millions of americans live in the street and tens of millions of our children go to bed hungry each night . 
  everyone knows the only people out of the ~ 7 billion on the planet that have any agency or free will are the brits , americans and sometimes the french . 
   driving licenses in ten states they can . 
  as far as welfare and benefits : http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/illegal-immigrants-could-receive-social-security-medicare-under-obama-action/2014/11/25/571caefe-74d4-11e4-bd1b-03009bd3e984_story.html, 
  not in a fiery explosion that you can slap on magazine covers and tv news . 
  they literally have people whose entire job is to calculate whether it will be `` cheaper '' for the company to ignore known defects and pay the fines and do the recalls or for them to fix the problem in the first place . 
  taking into account how likely they are to be caught . 
  they do n't give a fuck and have been doing this for decades . 
  plenty of poor environmental policies and standards in the former ussr and current china . 
  to be fair , deepwater horizon killed 11 people . 
  deepwater horizon was also orders of magnitude worse and killed 11 people . 
  but yeah vw is probably going to be feeling this one for a bit . 
  plenty of dead bodies recovered in the southwestern deserts each year as well . 
  not an easy journey on foot at all . 
  what 's excessive about being deported from a country where you commit serious crimes ? 
  that would happen in literally every country to literally anyone without diplomatic immunity or other power . 
   thinking that as long as a citizen has a gun the government is afraid of them is just silly . 
  i know they 're a hell of a lot more afraid then when we do n't . 
  ultimately it does n't matter if we would all be cut to shreds in 5 seconds , i would disagree with you that we would be but whatever , it would still be our right and our duty to be slaughtered if we must . 
  it really is a lot of the time in the day to day grind !, 
  the paycheck and bigger picture make it worth it though . 
  yeah what a bunch of retards for thinking that average people with their farm and hunting guns could ever do anything but be slaughtered against the greatest army and navy in the world . 
  wait ... 
  i also learned today that there is no private gun ownership in canada . 
  i work at a library and right now we 're feverishly working to digitize our collections along with many others in the region . 
  some big name tech companies involved as well . 
  i 'm talking tens of millions of works from every subject , fiction and non , that you can think of . 
  in every language imaginable . 
  from 500 year old architectural plans and botany books to records on the number of livestock raised in every state of the us from the 1960s to japanese comic books from the 90s ... our grandchildren will live in a world where everything ever written down by man that belongs to the public domain will be available in full online in every language used for free . 
  i 'm honored to play the tiny role i am in that . 
  probably know what i 'm talking about then . 
  not polish myself but from chicago . 
  knew plenty growing up though . 
  my neighbors as a kid were the grabowskis . 
  lots of my friends were 2nd-4th generation polish-american or polish-german-irish mutts . 
  we had casimir pulaski day off from kindergarten to high school . 
  you pick things up here and there . 
  there 's local polish radio stations and newspapers here too . 
  there was already a strong catholic presence here from the prior irish , italian and hispanic immigration as well which i think made it easier for them to integrate . 
  we 're the only ones with america in the name of our country though . 
  sooo many lithuanians/poles/russians / ukrainian immigrants in chicago . 
  could definitely use more though . 
  they 've integrated flawlessly into the `` traditional chicago working class '' . 
  za nasz\u0105 i wasz\u0105 wolno\u015b\u0107 we would never let poland stand alone if it came down to it . 
  not that long ago scum like that would have hanged . 
  things are more `` civilized '' now though . 
  people that do n't know the difference between race and ethnicity . 
  cartman as a militant islamist would be the funniest imo . 
  tony montana got a green card for stabbing a guy . 
  the moral superiority complex is real . 
  at the end of the day we 're all human . 
  you are missing out man . 
  i 've sunk 2k hours in and i have never finished one game from start to finish .
