  they 're going to face problems , they 're far from the first in that regard , and there will be cases of ones who do n't adapt to american culture , again not new . 
  but they 're coming and their children and grandchildren will have better lives here . 
  exactly what happens here in the us . 
  want better pay , hours , conditions or god forbid a union ? 
  bossman is gon na call ice and there will be buses of new ones to replaces them the very next day . 
  this has been happening for years . 
  the laborer gets deported and probably spends some time in custody . 
  the company does n't even get a slap on the wrist . 
  `` do nothing and blame it on the americans '' europe really needs a new card in their deck . 
  what ? 
   then what 's your point . 
  if they can both do the job and the firm decides that hiring the illegal immigrant is more profitable , it 's the skilled craftsmen 's fault for not being better at your job . 
  if you get displaced by an illegal immigrant you are bad at your job . 
  you are completely missing the point . 
  it 's about them being able to totally bypass all the restrictions and certifications that normal craftsmen and tradesmen must have . 
  and that goes for both the immigrants themselves and the companies who hire them . 
  okay , so from your own source illegal immigrants pay $ 11b in taxes annually . 
  there are about 11 million illegal immigrants in the us based on conservative estimates . 
  so that 's a whopping total of $ 1000 in taxes per illegal immigrant per year . 
  they should n't be forced to pay union dues but in many places if you 're a tradesmen you pretty much have to be a union member in order to do your apprenticeship . 
  why should they be able to bypass years of training and dues when natives can not ? 
   good point , but this is an argument for why we should strengthen labor protections , not restrict illegal immigration . 
  why can i not argue that both should be done ? 
  because the situation we have now is an over-saturated labor market , where illegal immigrants work in appalling conditions for shit pay because big business can pay them under the table and have them deported and a new batch bussed in if they dare say anything . 
  the status quo is not a good situation for either us citizens or illegal residents of the us . 
  i can argue that our border should be more strictly guarded and illegal immigrants deported while also pushing for more help for legal immigrants and making it easier for people to immigrate legally in the first place so that they can get their rights but also perform their duties as citizens . 
  that position is not a contradiction . 
  imagine it happening in 2011 instead of 2001 . 
  nobody really had camera phones back in '01 whereas now almost everybody has a smartphone . 
  maybe even would be footage from inside the towers . 
  it seems to me we like them more . 
  but maybe that 's because we only see each other when we want to ? 
  it 's not that they can do the job better , it 's that they can do it without having had to have spent the time , money and energy becoming certified . 
  it 's that they can work without paying taxes . 
  that they do n't have to pay union dues . 
  it 's that employers can exploit them and get them to do things and work in unsafe conditions that citizens would never accept . 
  being more strict against the companies hiring illegals is part of having tighter border controls . 
  they undercut our skilled and certified tradesmen who spent years becoming qualified . 
  most of our manufacturing is gone because they shipped it to southeast asia , china and mexico . 
  carry on like what ? 
  i 'm just making a big ` ol list of things that * definitely did n't happen * . 
  because of artificially raised fertility rates due to welfare babies . 
  not everyone is so ambivalent about their culture . 
  yeah it 's crazy how there was no outside influence or involvement in mena for ten thousand years until murica showed up . 
  crazy how those colonial powers bang next door never ever played around there and had wars and shit there for centuries . 
  [ never ever had any colonies or anything ] ( http://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/assets/4395687/middle_east_1914_english.jpg ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure a sykes-picot is a type of native bird . 
  turks sure as shit never conquered and controlled large swaths of mena . 
  nope . 
  never happened . 
  would you hold that same opinion if he had instead said there wo n't be any blacks in the us by 2030 ? 
  so your judgement on whether or not something is a problem comes down to whether or not it literally collapses the country ? 
  every single one of those jobs that they take allows our labor market to become further diluted and allows the corporations to skirt minimum wage , workplace safety laws and even helped bust up our unions which are now on life support . 
  illegal immigration is a major reason why working americans have n't seen a real pay rise in forty years despite record productivity levels . 
  why should these people be allowed to break our laws , create havoc in our labor market , raise our crime rate ( and gtfo with your trump shit , i 'm talking about the mexican cartels operating on our soil and millions of latino gang members on our streets ) and spit in the faces of all the legal immigrants who jump through countless hoops , wait years and then pay taxes ? 
  i 'm not saying this is you but politics in this country is fucking absurd right now . 
  you can not disagree with the hyper-pc police on illegal immigrants ( ca n't even fucking use the word * illegal * nowadays ! ), 
  or `` you are literally a fascist for wanting to enforce your international borders and you want to deport all brown people '' . 
  i saw ramstein in 2011 & 2012 and both times it was hands down the best live performances i 've ever seen and i 've seen some big name bands . 
  they 've got a song or two in russian and spanish and english in addition to german and their music videos are fucking awesome . 
  i like russian women , and caviar and vodka . 
  you just ca n't handle the donald . 
  personally i prefer the crunchy kind that still has whole peanuts in it . 
  better taste and texture imo . 
  how about no !, 
  kicking ass and taking names since november 10th , 1775 . 
  the entire purpose of these small detachments we send to eastern europe is for them to be sacrificial lambs . 
  in the face of full scale russian invasion they would be fucked . 
  they 're there so that if that happens american blood is spilled . 
  so cnn and fox and nbc can live broadcast the bodies of american soldiers . 
  if that happens because of a russian attack on a peaceful ally of ours then the level of outrage and hatred that we saw after 9/11 will look like childs play . 
  and that was a very scary time , some kids are too young to remember those days right after but there was an indescribable feeling of panic and terror of not knowing exactly what was happening/happened but underneath it all there was a tangible feeling of barely suppressed collective rage . 
  afaik it 's not illegal to film them flying . 
  in fact i 've seen some vids where the pilots intentionally `` buzz '' ( fly low and fast close to the ground ) filming tourists . 
  some cool videos of fighter jets flying in canyons and stuff . 
  filming the bases themselves though may be a no no . 
  i doubt you could get close enough to film in the first place without being stopped . 
  and it sure as shit was n't a tropical paradise back in the 80s when tens of thousands of cubans and others were hitting the shores every month ... 
  oh yeah the only outsiders to have ever interfered in the me have been the americans and russians . 
  10/10 history lesson . 
  pilots come from all over europe ( and the world ) to train in the us . 
  the southwest is packed with af bases because the dryness , heat and guaranteed hours of sunlight make it perfect for training . 
  there 's also almost no population density to speak of in the desert so unlike in europe they do n't have to worry about disturbing people on the ground and can pretty much fly as fast and loud as they want . 
   on a per capita basis . 
  not quite the full picture if you do n't exclude everyone who would n't be allowed into a neo-nazi organization in the first place . 
  there are 35 organized neo-nazi/skinhead groups in ny/nj alone . 
  https://www.splcenter.org/hate-map . 
  vermont has as many neo-nazi/skinhead groups as kansas and missouri combined . 
  neo-nazism is all over the us but they are most active on the east coast . 
  and they also have the largest concentrations of neo-nazis in the country . 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  they got the metric system , they do n't know what the fuck a quarter pounder is . 
  okay , that does n't change the fact that there is more right-wing extremism in the coasts , where there are more immigrants . 
  `` do nothing about it and then blame it on the americans '' . 
  same shit different day . 
  not like we 've been wanting to shift to the pacific for the last decade and a half or anything . 
   can have the time and resources to get a better understanding of the issues than average usians . 
  and they do . 
  and overwhelmingly they choose to represent their own interests ( and that of their checkbooks ) instead of representing the republic and the american people . 
  this is n't a secret .
