  what a great life lesson for the children . 
  when foreigners come to your country do n't hesitate to throw your culture , rights and beliefs out the window so that the strangers in your land with their non-white and thus inherently superior cultures and belief system do n't feel uncomfortable . 
  good thing there 's a 2nd amendment in tamriel . 
  german speaking in english links to a french wiki article on a spanish speaking country . 
  now i 've seen it all . 
  by the end of the 21st century it absolutely will be if we do n't take drastic measures to combat climate change . 
  i 'm talking about people migrating all over the world not just from mena into europe . 
  this is a global problem . 
  which would be great if sea level were the only issue there 's also desertification and lack of drinking water to think of . 
  germany is going to tackle what 's expected to be the largest mass migrations of people in human history all by its lonesome ? 
  this is just beginning and the elephant in the room is climate change and the impact it will have on africa and the middle east . 
  you 're talking hundreds of millions if not a billion or two of people on the move in the next century . 
  people act like the war in syria will be over in a year or two and these people will just go home . 
  this is just the beginning trickle . 
  in a perfect world that we do n't live in . 
  absolutely not . 
  if you do n't pay in you should n't get shit . 
  if you do n't have any of the responsibilities or duties of citizenship you should n't get any of the benefits either . 
  not when i get fuck all as a taxpayer . 
  we 're `` meddling imperialists '' absolutely no matter what we do . 
  we need to be much more isolationist like we used to be . 
  men and women like her will get deported but illiterate hispanics here illegally with 7 kids get medicaid and welfare ... 
  $ 4.1 billion actually since 2012 . 
  that 's just this year . 
  do n't you know ? 
  money is speech and corporations are people my friend ... 
  i find it amusing that they did n't `` get over the whole war thing '' until after 1000 + years of near constant warfare and 500 years of colonialism and imperialism gave them the highest standards of living in the world and per capita influence on the world stage that everyone else can only dream of . 
  that stereotypical asian `` tiger '' parenting meshes very well with stereotypical traditional american puritanism . 
  i 'm pretty hungover , and i read that as `` vodka river , russia '' and was like fuck i need to visit russia . 
  funny enough patrick gilmore who wrote * when johnny comes marching home * was irish born and fought for the union during the civil war . 
  the tune is the same in both songs . 
  lots of irish on both sides in that war . 
   the people allowing and encouraging this are going to be answering for a lot of misery and heartache in the coming years . 
  no they wo n't . 
  their children and grandchildren will . 
  ... well apparently they can be . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  or what ? 
  the germans will deport him ? 
  put him in a camp ? 
  let him starve in the street ? 
  any one of those things will raise the calls of `` fascism ! '' . 
  there 's no way to win . 
  why do we need more icebreakers if the ice is all going to be gone in a decade or two ? 
  hell just drop surplus napalm on them if you want . 
  plenty of brits in the us and i 'm sure they 'd have no problems integrating into wherever they choose in the anglosphere . 
  because the cost of living would be a fraction ? 
  you could almost outright buy a 2000-5000 sq ft. home on an acre of land for the cost of a years rent of a closet in nyc . 
  pretty irrelevant though . 
  it 's a rough situation all around . 
  but there has to be a solution that can both be fair to natives and help migrants in a humanitarian fashion . 
  1 ) austria , specifically tyrol , absolutely stunning country . 
  very friendly people . 
  it felt like i could build myself a cabin on the side of a mountain and live in peace and forget the world . 
  if i could live anywhere it would be here . 
  2 ) germany , specifically frankfurt and munich , really enjoyed the food and beer . 
  the bmw headquarters were fucking awesome too . 
  i saw neuschwanstein too which was really cool but it was being remodeled or something while i was there . 
  people were pretty friendly but not as conversational as the austrians i felt . 
  driving through the black forest made me want to kill some romans ... my only real complaint is that i was trying to practice my german and as soon as they would hear my accent they 'd speak to me in english - . - oh and the beer , wine , cigarette vending machines were fucking sweet !, 
  idk how we do n't have those in america . 
  3 ) switzerland , specifically lucerne , absolutely beautiful . 
  i went to the top of mt. 
  pilatus and i never wanted to come back down . 
  i 'd never seen mountains before and i was blown away and felt so small . 
  i come from where you can drive 20 hours and not even see a hill . 
  the mountain streams and lakes were also incredible , they were a beautiful aqua/turquoise blue that someone told me is from the snowmelts . 
  they would be # 1 but everything was so damn expensive . 
  4 ) luxembourg , i only spent a couple hours here so i do n't feel i really got a full picture . 
  i saw a castle/manor that somebody told me their royals sometimes stay in ? 
  i had a beer while i was waiting to get moving and it was good . 
  the border guard would n't stamp my passport so i paid him two euros to do so for the souvenir :p hopefully i can see more some day . 
  thanks for the info . 
  us : $ 4.1 ** billion ** from 2012-2015 . https://www.usaid.gov/crisis/syria but yeah we 're practically actively committing genocide against the syrian people according to some here ... 
  well , you let them walk all over you , why would you think that these people that come from places that are n't very female friendly would n't feel entitled to whatever woman ( girl ) they want off the street ? 
  absolutely horrific . 
  that poor girl , failed by those in power , i hope she can put this behind her someday . 
  sort of like their police shoot black teen at ferguson protest headline from a few weeks back and they conveniently do n't mention the fact that he was shot because he fucking unloaded a magazine at police first until a tiny sentence stuffed at the end . 
  it sucks because i used to really like and trust the bbc for pretty impartial news . 
  that is a very big problem but the drones are n't to blame for that , how and where we use them are . 
  humans are emotional creatures by their nature and if the powers that be push things too far people will get violent . 
  when the very integrity of the republic is itself at risk then the time for `` politics '' is over . 
  it really was n't all that long ago that we were on the verge of a second civil war and things are reaching a point now that we have n't seen since then in the late '60s early '70s . 
  it 's going to happen someday . 
  the democrats also used to be pro slavery and jim crow while the republicans were abolitionists . 
  a lot can happen but a trump presidency is out of the question imo . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/band_of_brothers_%28miniseries%29 his name is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/damian_lewis and it says he 's a londoner so i think it may be . 
  drones can do things people can not without putting the lives of our soldiers at risk . 
  they 're in extensive use in the war in ukraine and in conflicts in the middle east . 
   ` well we can fly where we want , we can shoot where we want , because we can . ' '', 
  and we could do this with manned jets if we wanted to . 
  what difference does it make if it 's a drone ? 
  you can support the usage of drones without supporting the violation of neutral countries and the deaths of civilians . 
  we could end our drone program tomorrow and the chinese , russians , indians , israelis and most of europe for that matter would keep right on with their drone programs . 
   but that 's not actually the case though . 
  what opinions or politics ca n't be discussed here ? 
   and that would change if he 'd be elected . 
  even if he were elected , which he wo n't be , he would n't have the authority to do away with the first amendment . 
  it 's the very foundation of the republic . 
  if you only have free speech when it 's convenient then it is n't really free .
