  unless i 'm missing something . 
  and the american people have fucking voted on this shit and it 's been found constitutional by our fucking supreme court . 
  plenty of states have outlawed it as is their right . 
  you 're so fucking ignorant of our debates , and there have been numerous fucking debates on this here for years , that you probably do n't even understand that i 'm not even supporting capital punishment but states rights . 
  so why are some political ideas acceptable in public and some people have the right to free assembly and speech yet others do n't ? 
  does n't seem very democratic to me . 
  reagan shut down all our mental health hospitals . 
  it 's either put them in prison or let them roam the streets where they can hurt themselves and others . 
  if someone is truly insane then they should n't be kept in a prison in an ideal world . 
  however if that insane person is a 6 ' 3 '' 230 lbs violent felon who ca n't control themselves there just may be no other options the way things are currently . 
  the inmate has a right to humane treatment but the nurse passing out meds also has a right to not get her throat slit for doing her job that brings her into contact with some of the most dangerous men in society . 
  i did not say that private arms ownership is a prerequisite for having an open and free society . 
  i said that we do have rights that people in a lot of places do n't . 
  if you think that 's `` murica fuck yeahing '' that 's your opinion . 
  our government does n't have sovereignty over shit . 
  the american people have sovereignty of their country . 
  the american people decide what is and is not acceptable in america . 
  the american people have decided that death is sometimes an acceptable punishment for heinous crimes . 
  end of discussion . 
  rights of murders , rapists and sociopaths are more important than the right of general society to live in peace apparently . 
  they love them so much they can let them sleep on their couch until they 're `` rehabilitated '' . 
  if they 're criminally insane most mental institutions would n't be able to handle them . 
  the ones that could are basically already prisons . 
  where the fuck else would you send them ? 
  disney world ? 
  that 's not what i said whatsoever . 
  no , i think that we enjoy rights and freedoms here that many other people do not . 
  such as the right to private arms . 
  if we have to have a death penalty in exchange for our second amendment rights then so be it . 
  almost any time europeans start talking about things that are less than ideal in the us , racism/poverty/prisons / education/etc . 
  they do not give a single fuck about the people affected or the specifics of the situations . 
  it 's purely an exercise in moral self-righteousness . 
  how is it hypocritical ? 
  does being a us citizen mean one inherently agrees with everything our government does ? 
  i 'm not suggesting anything . 
  i 'm stating the fact that there is nowhere near the scale or regularity of organized and violent crime in europe as there is in the us . 
  or maybe , you could step the fuck down from your high horse , and realize that us citizens can both be critical of our foreign policy and still support the death penalty without being hypocritical . 
  maybe you 're narcissistic enough to view yourself as a literal embodiment of your country and all the actions it takes but most other people do n't . 
  it 's unreal to me that some people would cheer about being disarmed by their governments . 
  just claim you got hit in the head on the boat . 
  no , i do n't know why i woke up not looking syrian and only speaking polish . 
  i must have amnesia . 
  how racist/fascist of you to ask . 
  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tgqrgt15f9u `` some states are trying to outlaw the death penalty . 
  mines putting in an express lane '' . 
  some humans are irredeemable . 
  i 'm pretty proud of the fact that the american people will never bow to the demands of foreigners in how to run our country yeah . 
  should have waited a bit longer and gone now , burnt your passport and claim to be a refugee . 
  so what if some disagree that capital punishment violates human rights and argue that in order to have an open and free society you also need to have a firm grip on law and order to balance out the rights and freedoms we enjoy ? 
  why is one position considered inherently morally unacceptable ? 
  because some academics or glorified bureaucrats that have never spent a day working in the real world said so ? 
  i would pay good money to watch a reality show with some of our 1,000,000 + hardcore gang members and criminally insane felons get sent to these european resort - `` prisons '' and watch them terrorize the guards and other inmates . 
  why not china ? 
  you know , considering the fact that they execute more people in a week than we do in a year . 
  yet somehow we 're the poster child for capital punishment . 
  but yeah , we will never surrender our national sovereignty to placate holier than thou foreigners . 
   leading member of nato u wot m8 ? 
  the state is the embodiment of the will of the people . 
  the american people have numerous times decided that the death penalty is an acceptable punishment for certain crimes . 
  that is our right as a society . 
  there are also several states that have outlawed the death penalty . 
  that is their right as a community . 
  but we will never accept foreigners dictating to us how our society should operate . 
  if you want to do that you better come with a hell of an army . 
  probably because we would have pissed off everybody together in the first place . 
   thus they have little chance on the labor market . 
  the ** legal ** labor market . 
  all kinds of general labor type jobs with wages that can be paid under the table in cash . 
  do n't want to pay some unionized , certified and expensive native plumber/electrician/carpenter / cook/janitor/etc then just hire on some of these guys pay them under the table and if they get too uppity or start demanding higher wages call the authorities and get them deported if they do n't have actual refugee status . 
  the suits will bus in more to replace them . 
  quality of the job will obviously not be as good but the profit margins for the cheap labor more than make up for it . 
  they 've been doing this here for years and then as a blue collar worker you 're told you 're fucking lazy for not breaking the labor laws , which you 're entitled to protection by , and working for illegal wages in illegal conditions for 12 hour shifts . 
  blue collar germans about to get fucked and then told to suck it up by silver spoon bitches . 
  we also have a ton of cheap as fuck land . 
  you can flat out buy a house on some land for the price of a few years rent in the city . 
  so if she fucks up she calls it a day and hangs up her hat . 
  goes home and lives her life . 
  what about the millions of working germans who will be affected by her decisions and failures ? 
  they ca n't just walk away when things go wrong . 
  not me , but my grandfather is pretty sure he 's going to hit 200,000 bushels of corn this year . 
  not quite as good as last years harvest which set records but still very good . 
  also , soybeans , tomatoes , green beans , sunflowers , zucchini , watermelons , onions , peas , yams , cantaloupe , strawberries , radishes , carrots , peppers ( sweet and hot ) , basil , potatoes , thyme , parsley , mint and apples as well as some other things and a flower garden . 
  only gets coffee from the store basically ... 
  this is my favorite time of the year  post some pictures of your gardens people !, 
  how about all the `` moderate muslims '' who voiced support for the `` discrimination '' of cartoonists who draw muhammad ? 
  unless there 's two different sets of standards here . 
  if someone said that over here you 'd assume it was for shake and baking meth . 
  i think i 'd rather have bread though , i like my teeth . 
  her `` i 've lived behind a fence '' thing is just a pure emotional appeal . 
  so now protecting international borders = berlin wall/iron curtain and properly registering and containing migrants in accordance with international law = concentration camps . 
  i know we 're the poster child for screwy politics but goddamn this is good theater . 
  the only thing my family got when they came here was rifles put in their hands and told to go fight for their new country . 
  and they did . 
  we 're going to start sending you guys our poor from the inner cities that are practically warzones if you want to take everyone living in a warzone, 
   if he can refocus the us economy to producing goods instead of wars , and gives wealthy coast liberals a collective apoplexy to the cheers of impoverished middle america , all the fucking better . 
  i love you . 
  because there 's a lot of stupid people that like to hear them ? 
  and how many subs does sweden have ? 
  how many young men of fighting age ? 
  you do n't win wars with one nifty submarine .
