hahaha , he thinks anyone other than western europeans give a shit about stopping racism . 
  everyone point and laugh at his naivety . 
   paying into the eu budget which then proceeds to get carried to ee `` i 'll pay you to drink this poison '', 
  let 's just form a big intercontinental anglosphere federation . 
  we can call it the no canadas club . 
  georgia is a part of the us . 
  implied , i guess . 
   less babies is good for the environment but we need immigrants to keep the population growing . 
  i do n't think it 's intentionally malicious , just typical leftist naivety . 
  overpopulation is n't really an issue in the west , mostly in africa and parts of asia ( though even there is starting to level off ) . 
   crimethought is not a thing yet . 
  ` retard strength ' is the surprising strength mentally handicapped people sometimes people have . 
  i 've seen it in action , years ago . 
  do n't know what that has to do with the economy , though . 
  you sound deranged . 
  sounds like she has n't got much of a life . 
  i sometimes see communist graffiti , but i do n't do anything because no one is going to become a communist from just seeing some graffiti . 
  serious social and economic turmoil is what lead to people supporting these extremist ideologies ( communism , fascism ) last time . 
  consider yourself very lucky . 
  funny how you seem literally unable to stop gobbling cock . 
  laugh all you want but / r/wallstreetbets is up to something . 
  to be fair , i think the same about most countries . 
  modern architecture is horrible . 
  germany ? 
  does n't even have to be adhd . 
  being flat footed or having diabetes is enough to keep you out of the us army . 
  i 'm honestly astounded something as serious as gender dysphoria is given the green light in the first place . 
  lots of english signage , even back then . 
  there 's a certain amount of arrogance required to move to a country where you are the minority , then start bitching and moaning about how you are n't being disproportionately represented . 
  actually , it 's not usually even the minorities doing it , it 's natives doing it on behalf of the minorities . 
  progressives really are scum . 
   they would be a huge net benefit to the polish economy they 'd have to [ actually work ] ( https://www.thelocal.se/20160531/fewer-than-500-of-163000-asylum-seekers-found-jobs ) for that to happen . 
  we had a similar situation , tens of thousands of unwelcome people pouring into australia . 
  we managed to [ fix ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/cm/lb/5143788/data/asylum-seeker-arrivals-monthly-jan-09---nov-13-data.jpg ) that . 
  if we can manage it then surely the great and powerful european union can , too ? 
  we 've got a major bonus of being an island , but most immigrants are arriving by boat across the mediterranean now anyway . 
  child abuse . 
  nice . 
   there are only two genders gender is the behaviour and brain functions associated with sex ( you can tell the difference between male and female brains from birth ) , there are only to sexes in humans so there can only be two genders . 
  sex and gender are effectively the same thing for 99.8 % of the population . 
  intersex people are a serious disorder , not a third sex . 
  saying otherwise is what 's unscientific . 
  as for mental illness ? 
  i 'm sorry , but wanting to cut parts of yourself off because your brain says so sounds like the definition of a mental illness , similar to bdd ( which * can * be treated with therapy ) . 
  if transitioning helps , whatever , go ahead but do n't piss on my leg and tell me it 's raining . 
  identify as want you want , but i refuse to play pretend with adults . 
  i would n't have much gratitude for someone trying to convince me drink poison , either . 
  they were there long before , though . 
  all of france and much of germany and the balkans used to be celtic , but was gradually germanised or romanised ( latinised ) . 
  this group of celts [ were fleeing from ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_galicia#arrival_of_the_britons_and_the_founding_of_the_diocese_of_britonia ) the anglo-saxons in britain , some also settled in brittany ( hence the name ) . 
  i dunno , he looks more like the obama type populist if anything . 
  preface : i do n't like trump , even though i 'm a right winger ( not that it matters , i 'm not a yank ) . 
  obama refused to sell missiles to poland because it would piss off russia , his response to the invasion of georgia was piss weak . 
  now germany condemns trump 's new sanctions on russia because it 'll probably hit their gas supply . 
  frankly , the ` trump is putin 's puppet ! 1 ' conspiracy theory looks more idiotic by the day . 
  communists have always been pretty dumb , this is fairly mild , honestly . 
  at least compared to thngs like backyard furnaces and sparrow genocides . 
  europe ca n't even protect itself from a bunch of third world peasants in rubber dinghies . 
  lmao , who 's colluding again ? 
  those ` internment camps ' you can leave any time you want , so long as you go back the way you came . 
  government will even provide the ticket !, 
  * ` doooooomed ' *, 
  east asia 's population growth has ground to a halt . 
  africa is just scary , though . 
  yeah , you use that to supplement skills shortages immigration ( from outside of the eu ) should be a trickle . 
  it came pretty fast when they had race riots literally the next day . 
  german migrations ? 
  colonization of the new world ? 
  neither ended well for the natives . 
  do n't know how reliable this source is : https://www.thelocal.se/20160531/fewer-than-500-of-163000-asylum-seekers-found-jobs if it 's even close to true , it 's disastrous . 
  but what do you expect ? 
  these people are often illiterate in their own language , how are they ever going to find work ? 
  they 'll be a burden for generations to come . 
  not an argument . 
   nationalistic policy has proven to be unsustainable not really . 
  every single country in europe right now ( except for belgium and bosnia , and maybe switzerland ) is a nation state . 
  do you know what that is ? 
  a country for a certain ethnic group ( nation ) sharing the same language and often sharing the same culture , history and religion . 
  violating the sanctity of nationhood on the other hand ? 
  that caused two world wars . 
   that tweet how tone deaf are they ? 
  holy hell . 
  i 'm glad public opinion ( those teenagers will vote one day ) is turning against the ngos and ` refugees ' , people like you will no longer be able to cling to half century old , massively out of date treaties to justify your disastrous policies . 
  okay . 
  so in america there 's this place called appalachia , this region runs along the appalachian mountains across the eastern seaboard , from new york to atlanta . 
  do you know what a hillbilly is ? 
  do you know the stereotypes ? 
  they 're not a redneck from alabama with his confederate flag pickup truck and fifty guns , those people at least have jobs . 
  hillbillies come from appalachia ( and the ozarks in arkansas ) , not the ` south ' like rednecks . 
  appalachia happens to be the poorest region in the usa , the society is broken , drug use is rampant and , if it was n't 98 % white , you 'd easily compare it to a african ghetto . 
  it 's violent crime rate is also half that of the rest of the country . 
  poverty is frankly an overblown excuse for violent crime . 
  not because saying ` poverty causes crime ' is wrong ( it 's not ) , it 's because the crime it causes is mostly petty non-violent crime like drug abuse or welfare fraud , which poor old appalachia has plenty of . 
  you could say the same with eastern europe : poorer , high drug and alcohol abuse ( in some areas ) , but violent crime is exceptionally low . 
  violent crime is much more a cultural issue . 
  harry potter , too :  does anyone else think trump is like voldemort ? 
  read another book . 
  \\  israeli '' '' '' '' `` banter '' '' '' '' '', 
  why do you hate god ? 
  is there still an active enosis movement ?
