who cares ? 
  most of the muslims we have here in the west are muslim arabs . 
  that 's the image you 'd get if you only went to / r/europe . 
  in reality many finns do n't want estonian immigrants for multiple reasons . 
  lots of them in construction jobs , people feel they are taking their jobs . 
  many of them are thieves and ethnic russians . 
  some of them are taking benefits , working here , but still pay their taxes to estonia . 
  lower economic class ( poor , badly educated by finland 's standards ), 
  because russia is evil . . duh . 
  pizza with mustard is really good !, 
  i only use it with microwave pizzas tho . 
  please no . 
  but they are still estonians ? 
  most of them are most likely russian estonians , sadly due to your country having 25-30 % of them . 
  not saying everyone is , of course not , but a too high percentage . 
  the booze cruisers do n't live in estonia . 
  they spend a few hours/days in estonia , whereas the ones i mentioned live here . 
  i would , absolutely . 
  twin cities ? 
  really ? 
  would just bring more estonian thieves , hookers and cheap workers here tbh . 
  yes , we are ready for an attack at any minute now . 
  read again . 
  indo-european balto-slavic baltic eastern baltic lithuanian they have a common ancestor . 
  indo-european balto-slavic slavic, 
  wrong . 
  latvian and lithuanian are slavic languages . 
  source [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_language ) and [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latvian_language ) 2 . 
  latvian ethnic groups : 61.6 % latvians 25.8 % russians 3.4 % belarusians 2.3 % ukrainians 2.1 % poles 1.2 % lithuanians 4.8 % others / unspecified as you can see , latvians are only a slight majority in the country , where 30-40 % are ethnic slavs . 
  and in estonia : 68.8 % estonians 25.1 % russians 1.8 % ukrainians 0.9 % belarusians 2.4 % others about 25-30 % of estonians are ethnic russians/slavs . 
  3 . would n't say their culture is drastically different from other slavic countries . 
  we got 1 bronze medal ... 
  it does n't just sound like it , it means that . 
  yes , they want to let all possible refugees in . 
  a few members do n't make the whole party racist . . 
  are portuguese and spanish the same ? 
  or english and dutch ? 
  some would disagree sure , but it is simply a fact , a shared language group means little in the grand scheme of things . 
  and then they destroy the great internet deals we have now , thanks . . 
  yes i do . 
  just because we share a common language , does n't mean our cultures are the same . 
  take for example iran , just because the language is indo-european , does n't make them closer to swedes or germans than to other neighbouring countries . 
  estonia shares common history with other baltics , being under soviet occupation and all . . 
  there is no `` finnish cultural group '' . 
  finnish culture is finnish culture , but it 's certainly 10 times closer to the swedish one than the estonian one . 
  finno ugric is a language group . . does n't make the estonians any less baltic culturally . 
  and estonia just had to copy the finnish anthem . . 
  not just terrorists , they are pretty much non-existent here , but the arabs/muslims just do n't get jobs and commit a lot more crimes than others . 
  they do n't integrate well . 
  i do n't think this is something to be proud of . . unless you wanted to make a joke with the word `` pride '' . 
  hahahahaha . 
  in a population of 8 million . 
  what a joke . 
  the us should be getting 50 million refugees in your opinion then ? 
  italy and greece need to have better border control then . 
  not sure if joking , but the refugee amounts should be in few thousands , not even close to millions . 
  preferably no refugees , we owe them nothing . 
  the first one . . what a joke lol . 
  forest *, 
  they do n't work here , they beg for money . 
  should be `` my cousin is a beggar here '' . 
  and let me guess , it 's only men who have to serve . 
  if i was the us , i would n't want even more beggars to my country either . 
  good . 
  i live in the capital region as well . 
  i do n't honestly know which is used more as i have n't paid much attention to it , but `` yksinkertainen '' is quite a long word , which means people tend to use shorter variations a lot . 
  simppeli is imo more common , but it 's informal . 
  these are not just rumours , they are facts . 
  it 's in the eastern european culture to cheat whenever they can . 
  i find it hard to believe estonia is doing that well . 
  they are pretty poor , have a large russian minority and what i 've heard of their school culture is that it 's full of cheating . 
  georgia used to be a part of the soviet union ... 
  nope . 
  nobody is scared . 
  russia has no reason to attack us so we are n't really worried . 
  the countries russia has invaded have had large russian minorities or even majorities like in crimea . 
  here the minority is about 1 % . 
  agree , we should ally ourselves with russia , so we 'd have no one left to attack us !, 
  for some reason they claim to be neutral even though their flag has a plus on it . 
  if you consider russians and half russians to be better looking , maybe then . . 
  hahaha . 
  it 's obvious she was using , just like the other norwegian skiiers who suddenly rose to the top . 
  no it is not , it 's much further apart . 
  well . . they do need foreigners you know . . to avoid accidentally banging their cousins / s, 
  the only things estonia are known for here are thieves and cheap booze . 
  well . . for example some people do n't want gays to be able to opt for adoption , but might be okay with them being able to marry , therefore their answer would be negative to this question . 
  everyone together !, 
  do it for germany !, 
  germany stronk !, 
  actually it means `` pearl month '' . 
  think about it this way : it 's worse everywhere else . 
  cos we suck . 
  10 years ago we were on the same level as sweden , now 10k gdp per capita behind . . 
  we have sunk low . . 
  when did the americans save us ? 
  they just ruined our plans of greater-finland . 
  increased prices/removal of unlimited data . 
  terrible . 
  thanks eu once again . .
