hmm , it may be because the british isles were invaded by normans and french was the lingua franca amongst the literati for hundreds of years ? 
  why stretch that into an inferiority complex ? 
  french , spanish , and italian are all romance languages so the latter two can hardly borrow from french because the source material is already the same . 
  again , how does this betray the sentiment behind the memorial ? 
  beautiful !, 
  ah well , mea culpa . 
  dude , i 'm on your side . 
  re-read my comment . 
  something something dunkirk fall of singapore . 
  implying that a eu command would be ? 
  what does singapore think of itself ? 
  some of these are rather difficult to understand . 
  did the uk ever rely solely on its colonies outside of raw materials and captive markets ( i 'm sure france would never use its colonies in that fashion ) ? 
  there was that whole industrial revolution business after all house of lords --  jihadis . 
  got it . 
  i wonder why algeria and vietnam still rebelled against france despite how well you treated them . 
  and your thoughts on why france is n't exactly the country that comes to mind when it comes to integration of muslim/african immigrants would be welcome . 
  get off your high horse before you break your neck . 
  lol , are n't you french ? 
  a bit cheeky to go on about exploitation of people or land . 
  french empire do n't real - i 'm sure you did n't mean it . 
  i 'm sure the fact that france and spain were locked in a global conflict with britain for domination and decided to throw their weight around for us had nothing to do with it at all . 
  the brits somehow still managed to come out on top in the end in places like gibraltar ( epic siege ) and india and grew the empire afterwards despite the loss of the 13 colonies . 
  all that stolen wealth , obviously . 
  in seriousness , i do n't think those people have any great love for britain either and would have gone to any convenient first world country . 
  wool trading was very lucrative . 
  aside from being rubbish , does n't that claim kind of make the rest of the empire look like idiots ? 
  they were conquered by a people with an average iq of 35 . 
  what a petty comment . 
  why do you particularly care if productivity and r&d are low ? 
  does the uk owe you something ? 
  still , frigates like the constitution were not allowed to engage a first rate ship of the line because the outcome was pretty much a foregone conclusion . 
  the members of her class were clever little pocket battleships - larger than regular frigates ( witness constitution vs hms guerriere ) with sturdy american oak hulls and faster than ships of the line so that they could escape before sustaining any damage . 
  greatest name of all time imho , i 'm glad to see the royal navy is sticking with it, 
  then we would make like 1812 and create even bigger super frigates for some comforting ship on ship action . 
  thank goodness philip broke is truly dead and dusted . 
  does it matter ? 
  hms victory is by far the more significant vessel . 
  that is all . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't begrudge what the constitution should and does mean to us but the ill informed hyperbole from some quarters does rankle . 
  thank you for your comment , i agree wholeheartedly with it . 
  so its main plus point is that it works as advertised ? 
  how does this make it one of the greatest ships of all time ? 
  i 've heard way too many people mention this ship in the same breath as the victory that it beggars belief . 
  dreadnought in all her manifestations is a personal favorite . 
  no offense ( am american ) , but imo the constitution 's historical value is mainly sentimental . 
  what makes it greater than many , many other ships during the age of sail ? 
  that it 's ours ? 
  maybe nothing that looks like this specifically but both coasts have plenty of spectacular views, 
  the dutch were naval badasses at that time - no shame in it and camperdown was certainly a fitting answer . 
  what is the point of life if one can not have a bit of banter between two great seagoing nations ? 
  and , of course , england . 
  else nelson 's famous dictum would make no sense . 
  if i had a penny for every time someone mentioned the constitution in threads about the victory , i would have several pennies . 
  wow , now i feel like a cad, 
  you mean that minor sideshow of the napoleonic wars ? 
  i rather think that was the message we americans learned when we tried to invade canada . 
  ah yes , britain was the reason that germany and france did n't unite . 
  they caused the rise of napoleon and the unification of germany that led to the franco-prussian war . 
  it almost seems like no one on the continent had any agency outside of the british agenda - which is bullshit , of course . 
  oh yeah , large military projects regardless of provenance are notorious for being on time and under budget !, 
  not that germany would know these days . 
  and , fyi , the historical prowess of the royal navy pre-dreadnought did n't necessarily come from shipbuilding or ship design . 
  the arbor also has a large fleet and it is part of the reach . 
  what about the uk historically suggests that the royal navy was ` unrealistically ' powerful ? 
  that small shitstained piece of rock ( along with the dutch ) gave birth to many technologic and financial innovations that underwrote its naval supremacy . 
  how risible to see the uk reduced to the role of seafaring scum leeching off the settled people on the mainland - but par for the course on this subreddit , i suppose . 
  maybe that you 're aware of, 
  except not really and the uk did not exist in 1688, 
  did you miss the part about this being the irish pm 's proposal ? 
  the us is n't even first in more comprehensive indices . 
  lol most innovation does n't involve the latest consumer catnip du jour or rockets . 
  chip on both shoulders keep you nice and balanced , eh ? 
  just because that 's all you 've heard about does n't mean that 's all they do ffs . 
  uncouth pirates that ca n't be trusted - how droll !, 
  keep posting for those upvotes !, 
  i do n't think you 'll find anywhere in his speech that he wanted the uk to be part of that united states of europe - regardless of what the new european ... sorry , statesman says . 
  he certain was not staunchly pro-european but neither was he anti-european and it is impossible to know what he would have thought about the eu as it is today or brexit . 
  great comment . 
  most people do n't see the past through the lens of class warfare . 
  the scottish enlightenment ( and the english enlightenment ) affects the world to this very day . 
  the fact that billy connolly and robbie coltrane are the most recognizable figures in the gallery represents educational failure . 
  damn the portrait gallery for recognizing achievement - who gives a crap about adam smith or john hunter ( what did they ever do for the world ? 
  ) , let 's switch all the artwork to nameless worker #n . you know , because the historical record is too filled with elites for modern sensibilities . 
  lol the scots were full partners of the english and welsh in establishing the british empire . 
  still does n't make this tool 's rant any more valid though . 
  ... why would n't the uk have influence ? 
  it is n't exactly san marino and i 'm not sure most of the world cares particularly about whether it is in or out of the european union despite all the hysteria about the uk being a global laughing stock . 
  may i say that you live up to your user name ? 
  true , but an inspired reference !, 
  if cricket were more popular , you would have a lot more upvotes !, 
  have one from me . 
  prove that you 're not one of them , perhaps ? 
  remember how they were invited over by the whigs with pockets of tories in opposition and the leader of the dutch party was the son in law of the old ruler who at least nominally ruled jointly with his wife ? 
  does that sound like a hostile invasion to you ? 
  whatever floats your boat , i guess . 
  consider cross posting to r/askeurope - you will likely get more responses, 
  let me guess , does it start with a `` b '' and end with `` rexit '' ? 
  honestly , there should be a lot more . 
  makes me sad to think of all the ships that were scrapped due to postwar penury :-( rip hms warspite , luckily nature got you before the final indignity,
