why bother ? 
  over there kebab is removing itself ... 
  from what i have been seen so far i think that germans will win the cup . 
  netherland is also good , but in the game with spain they were high on victory , and spain was broken . 
  i do n't think they are that good , i think spain was very , very bad . 
  `` winter is coming '', 
  it 's not a real slavic family if you do n't abuse and sue each other . 
  only thing effective would be ban on russian gas . 
  in novi sad most of the tourist come to visit during exit festival . 
  they come from all around the europe , but i think most of them are from uk and netherland . 
  they are all usually very dirty and drunk even during the day ( because everything is cheaper than back home ) , often with sunburns because they do n't bother wearing shirts ( both men and women ) . 
  everybody is great company with great sense of humor and they are all around nice people . 
  i think that they feel welcome . 
  in the park you can sometimes see people left behind from the night before because they probably passed out , just sleeping and burning in the hot sun . 
  my friends call them `` beer corpses '' . 
  it is great time to visit novi sad !, 
  i was walking on the bike path in amsterdam few years ago and someone on bike yelled at me then hit me in the back with his bag and then run off . 
  was that you ? 
  stalins produced 0 , 1, 
  this is great news !, 
  next time we have lack of rain we will gather few gays together and problem solved . 
  no more drought !, 
  if real serb was saved by nato , he would jump back into river and wait for russians to save him !, 
  photo from city [ doboj ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sze8gaa.jpg ) , bosnia . 
   this was primarily concerned with protecting children from harmful material which , `` may elicit fear , horror , or panic '' . 
  like the whole family burning in flames , semeone drowning or being electrocuted ... maybe is not all about homophobia . 
  one thing has remained the same : ** `` bulgaria was built for a carefree holiday '' **, 
  crippledorm or invalidova ( if i remmember corect ) does n't have accses for invalids . 
  or i did not notice one when i was there . 
  just for the sake of tradition . 
  young people are more informed and educated today , and nobody can force them to marry a dead person . 
  all the rituals take place , singing and dancing , in some places only mother is dancing wedding dance ( kolo ) around hers dead child . 
  it is very sad . 
  if the dead one was not engaged to anybody , they search for volunteer who will act as black bride or groom . 
  some say it is disrespectful for the deceased but the cult of the dead is very strong , vlachs do n't die , they just move to another place . 
  but it is very rare occasion , young people do n't die often as old people do . 
  only practice ( that i can think of ) that is forbidden by law is euthanasia of the very old and sick people . 
  they were `` sending them to another world '' by cutting cross on the back of their neck . 
  if they survive that means that demons left the body and if they do n't ... well , not so lucky . 
  also , digging someone 's grave to check if he or she turned vampire is forbidden . 
  all the vlach mythology and customs are very interesting to me . 
  5-6 years ago i stumbled upon a book on the subject . 
  everything seemed like reading a fairy tale . 
  a little funny stories , a little bit of true horror . 
  especially fascinating to me is how they merged orthodoxy and pagan customs . 
  i 'll have to get my hands on those books again . 
  they are not associated with gypsies !, 
  vlachs are people of romanian descent ( some vlachs argue this ) living in east serbia . 
  in latest census there was something around 40.000 vlachs and 4.000 romanians . 
  many are assimilated , around 250.000 , and are now declaring as serbs . 
  they are also practising some dark shit . 
  one of their most disturbing practises ( imho ) is the thing called `` black wedding '' . 
  if one of the fianc\u00e9 dies , the one who is still alive has to be `` married '' with the deceased for the next year . 
  then they held the wedding and funeral on the same day . 
  relatives of the deceased are dressed in black , but the wedding is being held as if both partners are alive . 
  for example , the bride wearing her wedding dress , a brass band playing and everyone dancing `` kolo '' around the deceased before he/she is lowered into the grave . 
  after one year , marriage is annulled with some special private ritual , and the groom or the bride has the right to be married again with alive people . 
  most customs are `` voodoo '' kind of magic . 
  if you have epilepsy , you have to eat the heart of a black chicken or heart of a hedgehog , they put garlic around dead men 's neck so they do n't become vampires , spells for someone to become in love with you , and so on ... 
  there are few books about vlachs and their customs , very interesting , and very real !, 
  not the magic part , but everything they do and believe !, 
  edit : just to be clear , everything i wrote was about vlachs , not about romanians . 
  here , romanians are considered equal with every other balkan nation ^ ^ ^ corrupted ^ poor ^ religious, 
  not on reddit, 
  do n't be disgusted . 
  he is far away in usa feeling sorry for what `` we '' have done ... 
  ussr occupied all three countries . 
  nato 's cluster bombs were also unfortunate for the civilians ... 
  they killed people long after war was over and many of them are still unexploded !, 
  never underestimate the power of denial . 
  i just wonder why do n't eu impose sanctions against usa when they invade other countries ? 
  why is russia considered to be the bad guy when they do the same thing usa does their entire history ? 
  i just wonder why do n't eup impose sanctions against usa when they invade other countries ? 
  why is russia considered to be the bad guy when they do the same thing usa does their entire history ? 
  i just wonder why do n't eu impose sanctions against usa when they invade other countries ? 
  why is russia considered to be the bad guy when they do the same thing usa does their entire history ? 
  better or worse , excuses are lies . 
  western world has done it so many times ... 
  third time 's the charm, 
   romania ( some may be typical to transylvania ) i think that evwrything you wrote is typical for whole balkan, 
  that 's last words you hear before nazi soldier shoots you in the back . 
  according to yugoslav partisan movies . 
  serbia and montenegro is not one country anymore . 
  its hard to keep up with balkans ... 
  when you read that the news source is `` kurir '' you can expect exaggerated stories , lies and hatred . 
  you 're right . 
  i just did n't expect to see that many people . 
  like i said , in my mind france was purely white . 
  i ca n't write more detailed answer without sounding more racist . 
  and obviously i have bonus points because i 'm from balkan country . 
  i do n't want to insult anyone . 
  this is maybe stupid but in austria , i saw some stand with newspapers , there was little box where you put money and then just take newspapers from the pile . 
  nothing forced you to pay , you could just take the paper and leave without paying , but everybody paid . 
  i was watching in disbelief for at least 20min . 
  also in prague , all the beggars were in the same position . 
  on their knees , face to the ground and they hold some box or hat above their head for the money . 
  i do n't want to sound like a racist but i was shocked with the amount of black people that call themselves french !, 
  i was visiting my friend in paris , he was showing me city from his car and at one point he wanted to show me `` black neighborhood '' . 
  i did n't believed him that there are all blacks . 
  in my mind france was purely white until that point .
