nigel farage = grassroots out . 
  boris johnson = vote leave * * made the pledge nigel farage was a part of a different campaign . 
  sounds fun , i look forward t - ... guys ? 
  guys come back . 
  guys ? 
  please :(, 
  it 's weird that you said this 5 hours ago and now have to say it again . 
  well , i guess this would be an ideal place to stop as we both got our final say in the matter . 
  it was fun  au revoir . 
  the point is you ca n't have multiple referendums for the same issue . 
  do you agree that there should be at least some buffer ? 
  cause if you do ... the only thing we disagree on is how long that buffer should be . 
  i do not feel there would be more than 2 . 
  what i am referring to there is the idea of multiple referendums . 
  i 'm not saying there will be a 3rd referendum . 
  i 'm telling you what i think would be more democratic and you 're telling me what you think would be more democratic . 
  i 'm not telling the whole country what democracy is and nor are you . 
  we just have opposing views on what 's the most democratic way for a second referendum to take place . 
  the promises are not the core of my argument . 
  i 'm just pointing out the hypocrisy , and i do n't know why you brought up the irrelevant promise made by the brexit campaign . 
  do n't know why you 're suggesting it 's the least important either ... like you have the final say on what is and is n't important . 
  if their politicians just admittedly lie then i see no reason to respect their wishes for a second referendum , which they have no basis for either because of the lack of support for an independent scotland in the first place . 
  well , at least the democratically elected uk government has the final say in this and they appear to agree with me ... so , it 's best if we do stop here then . 
  i only replied cause i read that bit last whilst typing out my reply ... which you may do as well . 
  i guess we 'll find out . 
  not really an odd method . 
  it 's a pretty well known method . 
  people often repeat themselves to clarify their position and stop people straying from the original point ... like you 're doing now . 
  it 's nonsensical because it does n't make sense to have back to back referendums . 
  it defeats the purpose of a referendum . 
  an appropriate amount of time would be when the next generation comes of age . 
  you know ... as previously stated . 
  i 'm not saying there will be a 3rd referendum . 
  so , i 'll rephrase it to back to back referendums as you find it difficult to differentiate the 2 . 
  i do n't know your argument . 
  i do n't know what you 're saying . 
  you 're just pointing out my argument , but not arguing against my points . 
  if you 're not going to argue against the points i 'm making , all i can do is repeat myself because i have nothing to bounce off of . 
  political suicide for a third referendum ? 
  i never mentioned a third referendum . 
  if you 're arguing against the point of the `` wave of referendums '' ... 
  i feel a second referendum is enough to constitute a wave . 
   i guess you 're just very hung up on ` once in a generation ' but then again others are about giving the 350mil a week back to the nhs . 
  i do n't know why you 're conflating 2 different `` promises '' ... but one was made by the opposing side of the referendum , which would make them hypocrites and the other was made by a campaign that has no bearing on government policy and were in no position to make promises . 
  at the end of the day , scotland already had their referendum and they will have to wait til they get their next one , if they want it ... which polls show their is n't even much support for . 
  they only got elected cause of the collapse of labour and not on their stance on the eu . 
  again , back to back referendums are unjustifiable . 
  well , then remainers must be very salty to continue the us vs them mentality even years after brexit . 
  edgy reply . 
  juncker can drink my magic power . 
  how is the eu army going to invade if we 're not in any of your maps ? 
  but germany brought in the refugees to counter that . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that 's the uk flag . 
  never !!!, 
  just felt i needed to repeat myself to hammer in my point . 
  it 's undemocratic because a referendum so soon after a referendum is just nonsensical . 
  if we 're going to have one , we should wait until at least an appropriate amount of time has passed . 
  that 's just my opinion . 
  it 's undemocratic to keep having referendums until you get the result you want , i already said that and i do n't feel you 've argued against that point well enough , if at all . 
  i think it 's all resulted in a us vs them mentality which should fade in a few years ... hopefully . 
  i do n't intend to be labeled a `` brexiteer '' forever . 
  but my main issue is that it 's a constant wave of referendums , that they called a once-in-a-generation referendum . 
  a second one would be incredibly undemocratic . 
  just referendum after referendum until you get the result you want . 
  a referendum now would be based on emotion and would be irreversible . 
  brexit clearly had an emotive reaction in a lot of people . 
  i say a second referendum should wait for a couple of years still , if we must have one at all . 
  i just meant the way things are . 
  is there any other country that offers a referendum for independence apart from the uk ? 
  incredible showcase of democracy . 
  i feel it has become a referendum frenzy with the snp clutching at every opportunity to have a referendum , so soon after we had one . 
  we ca n't have a referendum after every political decision . 
  that would just set a bad precedence . 
  yeah , r/europe 's taking this anti-brexit propoganda to another level . 
  we enjoy the attention . 
  yeah , after the fact . 
  they saw they lost and the looked for the next best opportunity they can spin . 
  they ca n't just keep having referendums when something does n't go their way . 
  having one in the first place is incredibly unique in this current global climate . 
  i thought he was saying `` we did n't take this shit '' from the brits . 
  i thought he was referencing the war of 1812 . 
  does n't bother me . 
  and i voted brexit . 
  figures . 
  what an odd trio to be involved in . 
  stellar picture you 're painting of the eu here . 
  perhaps you 're right . 
  i was mistaken in thinking you were trying to be factual . 
  i misinterpreted what you meant and obviously it would be ridiculous to apply that rule everywhere . 
  and the point about you lying was just me highlighting that anecdotal evidence can be made up to suit ones agenda . 
  not saying that you have one , but you can never know when you interacting with someone that you never met . 
  you 're still using very general statements , like `` vast majority '' when you do n't have evidence for that . 
  it 's stupid to believe things from anecdotal evidence and use that as a reason to make such sweeping statements . 
  you should phrase your words better if it 's just an opinion . 
  your experience is just a handful of brexiteers . 
  you ca n't use that to claim the `` vast majority '' think this way or the other . 
  your coworker , if she exists , is a moron . 
  there are also morons who voted for the uk to remain as well . 
  no point claiming that your experience of these morons are in any way indicative of the vast majority .
