  you can give your opinions . 
  but do n't use absolutes . 
  like `` the vast majority of y think x '' . 
  say `` i believe the vast majority of y think x '' . 
  make it clear that it 's your opinion . 
  if i give anecdotal evidence , i do n't use it to claim the vast majority think this or that . 
  i use it to highlight my experience and how it helped formulate my opinion . 
  i do n't use generalising statements because i know that not everyone holds the same opinion and i wo n't try to use that against a group i disagreed with especially . 
   remain camp may have lied , but how is that relevant to my comment ? 
  does it make it less bad ? 
  just wanted to make that clear . 
  the vote leave campaign was n't the only one using underhand tactics . 
   about the brush , and the stroke , and all that , sorry , i 'm lost . 
  did i not specifically say i know people who had good reasons to vote leave ? 
  this seems to be the new default argument to respond to anything . 
  `` do n't paint us all with the same brush '' . 
  yes , and that still does n't exempt you from being incapable of generalising further . 
  `` do n't paint us all with the same brush '' is a default response to the same shtick we hear over and over again . 
  we feel we have to keep reminding you because you lot keep using general terms to describe all brexiteers cause there were a few dickheads who also happened to have voted for brexit and got media attention . 
   `` the vast majority voted brexit based on lies . 
  people voted brexit because they were `` fed up of pakis coming over here '' . 
  a horrible generalisation and how do you know what the majority voted for ? 
  where are your sources ? 
  where is your evidence for this ? 
   about you not caring about my anecdotal evidence , well , we all can only count on our anecdotal experience , unless you carry out demographic studies or talk about things you do n't know . 
  i do n't use anecdotal evidence because it 's useless in an argument . 
  you made the positive claim . 
  burden of proof is on you . 
  show me your evidence . 
   and the last sentence ... well . 
  i 'm sure you know very well how i do and do not keep people around me . 
  and even if they were n't to stay around me , i would still count them ? 
  so really not sure where that is coming from apart from being a straw man to try to take weight of lf my opinion . 
  well , you tell me . 
  you know the people you hang around with . 
  there were over 17 million people who voted for brexit . 
  tell me how much of them you know and how many of the ones you know have a `` valid '' reason according to you . 
  it 's just a hypothesis from me in thinking that you do n't hang around many brexit voters . 
  also , i do n't think you understand what a straw man fallacy is . 
  just giving your opinions ? 
   however , the vast majority voted brexit based on lies strange opinion . 
  you phrased it like it 's a fact . 
  what ? 
  that is the side i 'm on . 
  i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  well , the eu influenced us more than we were able to influence them because we 've always had a strained relationship . 
  it 's better this way . 
  remain camp also lied . 
  do n't brush us with one stroke of your paint brush . 
  i do n't care for your anecdotal evidence . 
  in fact , if you can count the number of people supporting brexit for a valid reason with one hand , that 's indicative of there being many people supporting brexit for valid reasons cause i highly doubt you keep many brexiteers in your company . 
  maybe cause that would n't be very democratic . 
  having a vote so soon after what was called a `` once in a generation '' referendum by alex salmond himself . 
  you ca n't just keep having referendums til you get the result you want . 
  this guy gets so angry cause we do n't feel the way he wants us to feel . 
  did n't realise he could see the future but thanks for the sentiment . 
  hmmm ... it 's weird that brexiteers were being called petty and calls were made for them to be punished for apparently wanting the eu to break up in one post , but in this post europhiles do n't mind and in fact want the uk to break up . 
  * uk government is typing * ( stops typing ), 
  uhhh ... no . 
  brexit is my side . 
  i do n't support any of the political parties at the moment . 
  a strategic military point for the reclamation of the colonies . 
  the president of the european commission . 
  my parents went to poland and told me it was a very beautiful country and they urge me to go visit poland one day . 
  i would like to should circumstances allow . 
  yes . 
  what the eu does regarding internal matters are not our business . 
  no one said this was n't the case , so it 's a bizarre point to bring up . 
  well , i never expected sympathy cause it was never going to be given in the first place , whether or not brexiteers hope it to fail . 
  personally , i do n't want the eu to fail cause i think it is probably beneficial to the members within it and plus , it does n't really concern me anymore . 
  i just do n't like how i 'm being spoken for by europhiles within this thread . 
  to not be spoken for from the opposite side . 
  how stupid is it to argue for your opponent with a bunch of straw men ? 
  as a brexiteer , it 's strange how remainers think they know how i feel better than me . 
  no , i do n't hate immigrants . 
  no , i do n't hate europe . 
  no , i do n't want the eu to fail . 
  well , if you voted for brexit ... then you probably think the eu does n't work . 
  if the eu falls , something better could take its place . 
  like an actual , non-political trade union . 
  there 's little to no smog on the british isles . 
  how could you make that assumption ???!!, 
  they would have had they been allowed to leave . 
  reeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyy ? 
  yeah . 
  these brexiters need to start listening to what remainians/cunts/sad pricks/fuck nuts/finns are actually saying . 
  do you think europe only existed since 1992 ? 
  it 's like a whiny girlfriend that wants to live at your place . 
  just cause i do n't want you here , does n't mean i hate you ffs, 
  well , paris is a shithole with a lot of pollution . 
  you should move . 
  lol so true, 
  just build another wall . 
  we 'll pay for it . 
  that way , we wo n't be able to reclaim the colonies . 
  does scottish football still exist ? 
  i thought it was a year long awards ceremony for celtic . 
  frankly , sticking one up to the rest of europe is the most european thing ever . 
   also you are not leaving prior to construction or before handing in cash . 
  this has been running for last few years .
