  it requires a great deal of expertise to change gender , as it is extremely difficult . 
  that does n't mean the burden should be on the taxpayer . 
  you have a right , for that is an abnormality . 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  they should be paying for the whole operation . 
  i pay tax , can i go get any form of vanity surgery i want too ? 
  so , they 'll eventually retract this offer ? 
  that 'll go down like a house on fire . 
  well ... tax money . 
  is transgender a privilege or a right ? 
  yeah , you do seem to be an expert on that . 
  did n't most of the rich , bankers , the elite , and the big businesses want the uk to remain in the eu ? 
  it 's socialites who tend to be and have historically been , anti-eu . 
  if you think that 's defensive , you should see how people react when you insult their precious eu . 
  yes !, 
  please !, 
  i ca n't take the pain any longer . 
  it hurts so much as each day goes by and barely anything has changed . 
  or that . 
  i guess we could call it the united states of britain . 
  i mean , it 's possible . 
  this is alternate history we 're talking about , so there 's no right answer . 
  but perhaps if we were able to exploit the new world for much longer , we would 've been a stronger nation that would 've been better able to hold onto the colonies . 
  but that would require a lot of maintenance , to hold onto a colony that would eventually be more populous and a larger economy than the uk . 
  i think colonial independence would 've been an inevitability . 
  no colonial powers of the bygone eras managed to hold onto a significant amount of land ... not just britain . 
  for example , canada . 
  no complaints here mate . 
  they 're a useless bunch . 
  which is funny cause i 'm pretty sure the greek hate the greek government more than anyone else in europe ... probably . 
  can 2 men even make a circle ? 
  is n't it just a linejerk ? 
  not a scooby ... 
  that 's some intense eu nationalism . 
  i mean , we 're as willing to let scotland leave as spain is willing to let catalonia leave . 
  but the fact is scotland has a choice and are able to make their own mind up . 
  i hear a lot of remain voter 's change their opinions . 
  i have n't seen many leave voter 's change their opinion . 
  this goes completely against the argument against brexit that there are more benefits to being in the eu despite being a net contributor . 
  yeah , but it is n't your money . 
  you 're paying for a service of being in the free market . 
  [ somebody actually likes us :') ] ( http://cdn.smosh.com/sites/default/files/ftpuploads/bloguploads/0413/epic-hugs-friends-adventure-time.gif ), 
  you do n't pay for your cake and still claim the money back . 
  i simply disagree . 
  do n't know how that would even be possible . 
  well , at least they have no scapegoat . 
  though they 'll try to find one . 
  perhaps it was ` banker ' ? 
  but i do n't think even cleese would be so dark . 
  cause of consecutive governments who do n't deal with the problem and blame the eu . 
  now they ca n't . 
  also , net non-eu migration is at a similar level to eu net migration . 
  so we could almost half our net migration into the uk by a half by completely cutting eu immigration ... though that would n't be practical . 
  though it would be significantly reduced . 
  because uncontrolled unskilled immigration becomes a problem regardless of where they 're from . 
  eu immigration was uncontrollable . 
  like they 're even close to being the same ... tsk tsk, 
  no one likes the welsh though . 
  preferring immigration from more culturally aligned countries is racist ? 
  they got a longer way to go before they can become credible compared to other news organisations . 
  people are more likely to dismiss buzzfeed even if they have something important to report . 
  not the point i was trying to make , so you completely missed the mark on that one . 
  the evidence literally points to the fact that the eu is more economically and politically stable , so no ... it did not endanger the continent and evidently , did not create instability for the continent . 
  i read that wrong in my head . 
  they lost all credibility , so it 's disappointing they 're the one 's to report this . 
  they should just leave it to more serious journalism or create a branch that 's more serious under a different name . 
  you 're welcome , 
   outside britain , the mood in the eu is on the upswing . 
  europe 's economic situation has improved . 
  i did read the article . 
  it says right there that the economic and political stability of the continent has improved . 
  you did n't understand what i meant , did you ? 
  i 'll explain it for you . 
  anarchotech said that brexit endangered the political and economical stability of the continent ... but the article says the economical and political stability of the continent has improved . 
  that 's all i was referring to . 
  nice try though . 
  no where did i say that this sub is representative . 
  but does it show increased hostility towards the uk ? 
  yes it does ... and do n't be a child . 
  no one 's mad . 
  look at the article ... what did we endanger ? 
  us leaving has apparently improved the economic and political stability of the continent , so can you make your mind up ? 
  it 's either good or bad for the eu that the uk has left it ... you ca n't choose both when it suits you . 
  so ... you 're just gon na lie ? 
  it 's just banter is it ? 
  you 're saying there is no increased hostility towards the uk ? 
  which is funny cause you especially are very hostile to the uk . 
  i always see you ready to lap up any chance to put the uk down . 
  well , if we 're going to be blamed for holding the eu back ... you could at least thank us for leaving , instead of being so hostile and vitriolic . 
  oh ... was there a stream of this ? 
  i really need to watch this hahahaha, 
  we as in you and the right foot of bobby ? 
  cause i think we can live with that . 
  looked them up ... nothing extraordinary . 
  just a small spike . 
  not like it 's an epidemic problem cause a percentage rise of a small number is still a small number . 
  one extreme to the other . 
  we 're either the most racist or the least racist . 
  you go right ahead and keep feeling persecuted if it helps soothe that victim complex of yours , i guess . 
  offended ?
