  well ... it works as a democracy since it 's only the minorities that get oppressed . 
  over 800 million must feel well represented . 
  also , not sure how well you can measure democracy and the fact that the method they use is just opinion based really . 
  they constantly shut down protests and extremist groups threaten free speech in the country . 
  kashmir is a prime example of oppression . 
  unarmed protesters are killed by the punjab police . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_abuses_in_jammu_and_kashmir https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/08/india-crackdown-in-kashmir-is-this-worlds-first-mass-blinding difficult to find a reliable source on sikh oppression as it usually goes unreported and does n't get coverage in world media . 
  there 's a tradition of oppressing minorities in india , as well as dissenting opinions . 
  it 's a history that should n't end here . 
  it should last the test of time and a future together would be stronger . 
  you really need n't bother . 
  india is an oppressive state that masquerades as a democracy . 
  given the opportunity , many nations would rise and break off from it . 
  i hope you 'd put more thought on it than that if there is a referendum . 
  all that history ... would be a real shame . 
  but if we stayed in , this would be true for the opposite side ... there 's no good way to represent 2 opposing sides . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way and i wish there was a better system , but there is n't . 
   yes , i will indeed by happy if we get rid of england and welcome the scots . 
  do n't count on that . 
  there 's still high unionist support in scotland . 
   see , that 's exactly my point . 
  in these times there is no lone way anymore for a major european country . 
  except for the uk , apparently . 
  clearly there is a lone way then . 
   maybe that 's because germany does n't fail . 
  kinda expected that response . 
  well , 2 instances come to mind ... but i 'll settle with the german failure to deal with the refugee crisis and then attempted to force other countries to bear the burden of your error . 
  do n't count on it . 
  then you should be happy to gain a better neighbour rather than a disruptive member . 
  to feel schadenfreude is petty ... our decisions need not concern you . 
  i do n't feel schadenfreude when i see germany failing . 
  pretty sure it was cause he was pissed . 
  you 've clearly never met anyone from catalonia . 
  [ redacted ], 
  then what 's proost ? 
  what 's a proast ? 
  well ... 
  i mean ... who has n't ? 
  unrelated question but which ones are correct ? 
  czech , czechia or czech republic ? 
  why would they pour french wine back whence it came ? 
  what i 'm saying is that the scottish wo n't have the same political fervour for independence in the future if a referendum is denied now . 
  i still doubt rejecting a referendum would harm unionist support by much . 
  what i meant was that the core unionist support is still quite large in scotland . 
  so , declaring independence would still be quite harmful to scotland more than anything else . 
  the best avenue now is to say `` now is not the time '' ... which is exactly what the pm is saying . 
  that would break scotland up if anything . 
  unionist support is still quite large in scotland . 
  yes , but having the tag line of `` evil english are trying to silence us !, 
  oppression !, 
  anti democracy ! '', 
  wo n't work because the scottish actually have a voice and they are given the chance for independence should there be enough support for it . 
  catalonians are n't even given the opportunity for independence . 
  firstly , catalonia and scotland are very different to one another . 
  secondly , catalonia are not independent and seemingly , never will be . 
  giving their ammunition more viability and a longer life span . 
  scotland are not repressed at all . 
  how long will that ammo last without a referendum to fire it ? 
  whether i 'm skeptical is neither here nor there . 
  i am skeptical of your skepticism because it seems you 're venturing into a biased territory . 
  seems to be healthy skepticism pointed in one direction rather than a blanket healthy skepticism . 
  well , it would be insulting to let them be forgotten ... whether 1st century or this year . 
  important to remember the bad parts of the human race as well as the good . 
  i repeat ... is there any other vienna ? 
  is there any other vienna ? 
  [ no one 's home !, 
  go away !, 
  ] ( https://media.tenor.co/images/d5bd25afe3aa7a4cba2f3f6c7488192a/tenor.gif ), 
  ** kongo ** the ocean of the unknown separated the great kingdom of kongo from kilwa . 
  but slowly the ocean dried up as they settled the lands between us . 
  those that were once considered our enemies are now at our doorstep . 
  it is only now i see how outclassed we truly were and how powerful they are and how foolish i was . 
  either i bend the knee to the powerful overlords or i fight a war that can not be won . 
  but know this my good fellow , you would be wise not to underestimate us . 
  i think we need to arrive 15 minutes before the scheduled time , so we have a cushion for fuck ups . 
  we shall see . 
  hahaha thank you my brother , 
  no , i am . 
  this was dedicated to my good friend , who was playing as the netherlands but now is friesland . 
  i will forever be kongo wifu < 3, 
  now this is a story all about how my life got flipped-turned upside down and i 'd like to take a minute so listen my friend i 'll tell you how i became the prince of a country called friesland . 
  in west zeeland born and raised on the grasslands was where i spent most of my days chillin ' out maxin ' relaxin ' all cool and all shooting some korfball outside of the school when a couple of countries who were up to no good started making trouble in my neighborhood i got in one little fight and my king got scared he said , `` you 're movin ' with your heirless auntie and uncle in friesland . '', 
  i begged and pleaded with him day after day but he packed my rations and sent me on my way he gave me a sword and then he gave me my shield i put my helmet on and said , `` onwards through the field '' first class , yo , this ai n't bad flying orange flags , waving to the peasant mass . 
  is this what the people of friesland living like ? 
  hmm , this might be alright . 
  i hear their royalty is prissy , bourgeois , all that is this the type of place that they just send this cool cat ? 
  i do n't think so but i 'll make the bond i hope they 're prepared for the prince of holland well , the ship landed and when i came out there was a dude who looked like an ott standing there with my name out i ai n't trying to get arrested yet i just got here i sprang with the quickness like lightning , disappeared i whistled for a carriage and when it came near the driver said `` fresh '' and it had manure in the rear if anything i could say that this carriage was rare but i thought , `` nah , forget it . '', 
  -- `` yo , home to friesland . '', 
  i pulled up to the castle about 7 or 8 and i yelled to the driver , `` yo home smell ya later . '', 
  i looked at my kingdom i was finally there to sit on my throne as the prince of friesland . 
  * dedicated to the new prince of friesland , shizzazzle . 
  i 'd rather live in london . 
  yeah , i do n't have to talk to strangers ... no one does . 
  but in ny , strangers are more likely to talk to you . 
  i ca n't just walk away . 
  i 'm british ... 
  i 'll just pretend i 'm having a lovely chat whilst hoping this person fucks off and jumps off a cliff . 
  but in america , there 's a risk that strangers might talk to me . 
  i 'd rather stay safe in london , where the worst you 'll get from a stranger an apology for existing . 
  nothing .
