  just do n't want to be foreign at home . 
  and feel like a foreigner in my own country ? 
  no thanks . 
  and i want to live in a city . 
  i hope scotland stays . 
  why would you buy scottish products , when you can buy german products ? 
  sure ... the scottish businesses have the opportunity to sell to a bigger market , but they have to compete with thousands of other businesses . 
  i 'd rather live in a place where i do n't have to talk to strangers . 
  source ? 
  how do you intend to stop people from being prideful of the history of their country ? 
  how will you make them feel guilty because of the history of their country ? 
  yes , it 's hypocritical . 
  yes , it defies logic . 
  yes , it 's stupid . 
  but that 's how people are ... you ca n't force them to feel the emotions you want them to . 
  lol i love to think this is how the kingdoms of old would have in interacted if they had the internet back then . 
  the great king of kongo has thoroughly enjoyed this tale . 
   90 % of the comments are with british flags . 
  topic = great britain . 
  i wonder why ? 
  why are most of the comments from brits when the topic is about britain ... 
  i ca n't wrap my head around it . 
  well , would n't be the first time . 
  one inspires us ... the other makes us wallow in despair . 
  which do you think people prefer ? 
  kongomasterrace, 
  ~ ~ where 's the discord ? ~ ~ edit : nvm , found it . 
  `` it is a pitiful business when a great man suddenly becomes small . '', 
  and that 's conclusive evidence , is it ? 
  you sure are happy to readily consume any anti-british propaganda . 
  sorry , we do n't care about your peasant lands where you ca n't even grow potatoes properly . 
  if we 're talking about transatlantic imperial reunification , we 'd like to retake control of the colonies from these filthy rebels . 
  then if they were offended , the downvote is worth receiving from those insufferable twats . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes lol . 
  the irony seems to be lost on you lot . 
  only the subscribers it applied to ... and if that description applied to any subscriber , then the description would be pretty accurate . 
  1.98 % ... you 're really gon na be so pedantic ? 
  dammit !, 
  i thought i was being sensitive ... where is the nearest castration centre ? 
  i ca n't stand for this !, 
  let me speak with your womanager !, 
  `` students should not allow their `` cultural background '' to affect their choice of words on campus . '', 
  `` as part of efforts to `` embrace cultural diversity '' by the university . '', 
  ... what ? 
  heresy !, 
  guilty ... 
  really ? 
  are you sure you wo n't be neutral ? 
  give us back the south first !, 
  you know why people tend to be concerned about women 's rights in islamic countries ? 
  because they 're not equal there and they are genuinely oppressed . 
  we do not concern ourselves with women 's rights in western society cause women are treated equally here . 
  `` slut-shaming '' - what happens to a woman if she is deemed a slut in western society ? 
  what happens to a woman if she is deemed a slut in islamic society ? 
  `` calling every rape accusation fake '' - we go by the rule that everyone is innocent until proven guilty . 
  it 's how our society functions but you should n't twist that into people saying rape accusations are fake . 
  they just require evidence first . 
  you should also see what happens to rape victims in islamic societies . 
  `` general sexism '' - where ? 
  not really hate , but there 's significant cultural differences . 
  what makes you think i 'm not ? 
  no one wants to be in the same group as romania . 
  right / u/bunnyana ? 
  they lied about the costs of leaving the eu . 
  they also suggested the immediate impact of voting leave would result in a recession ... and i think armageddon was suggested at one point . 
  they said we 'd be weaker . 
  cameron himself said he would n't resign and universities would lose funding ... both lies . 
  we were told of tax rises and increased spending cuts with the infamous `` punishment budget '' . 
  unemployment would rise on the immediate aftermath of a brexit vote ... it fell . 
  they said that the eu is not trying to federalise and there wo n't be an eu army . 
  they 're more concerned with the budget deficit ... as they should be . 
  why did they devalue it at all in the first place ? 
  surely being the strongest economy in the world outweighs the need for a large trade surplus . 
  the comment from the french guy . 
  so you say we should accept the ridiculous trade deficit instead of trying to fight our way out of it ? 
  then we 'll have to adapt it back to an ideal situation that fits our needs . 
  the initial comment holds no value . 
  but then we can just call it a negligible amount ... as people voted based on lies on both sides . 
  being a net importer is not an ideal situation ... that 's the point . 
  so if everyone is morally corrupt , we can stop this charade that the voters were tricked solely over brexit . 
  they were gon na be tricked either way . 
  did n't stop remainers from targeting low information voters with lies too . 
  why do n't countries just strengthen their currency then ? 
  china would surely be the strongest in the world if they did n't devalue their currency ... 
  same goes with france and her presidential elections , no ? 
  democracy is what it is . 
  it 's difficult to perfect , but we follow the majority . 
  pffftttttt ... 
  hahahahahaha !!!, 
  it sounds laughable . 
  what a ridiculous proposal . 
  it 's almost like there 's more than one briton living on these isles with different opinions ... who 'd have guessed ? 
  it 's not going to be easy as surrendering , no . 
  but you have to struggle to thrive . 
  i just googled `` prince charles farming revenues '' and it was the first article . 
  honestly , he 's the only one i know who has land and uses ot for agriculture in the uk, 
  the point of adapting is to increase productivity and maximise efficiency of all the land used . 
  would be surprising given the amount of government subsidies they receive . 
  prince charles , for example , uses some of his land for farming and received # 17.8 million in 2010 from his estate . 
  from their revenue .
