  peace on the conitinent is acheived via nato . 
  we 'll play solo and we wo n't submit to the eu 's demands either . 
  it 's not selfish to play solo either , that 's the norm in this world . 
  i 'm only saying there 's animosity ... 
  i 'm not saying there 's no goodwill either . 
  i just wanted to see what you knew about brexit and there 's even more to it than that . 
  but you could use those examples and adjust your scaling rather than giving me an arbitrary number like 80 % . 
  what was the other 20 % ? 
  yeah ... thankfully lol, 
  you 're not very observant , are you ? 
  maybe you should stop listening to the european rhetoric if you believe that . 
  no one of significance on these isles thought that we 'd get special access . 
  that 's what the eu thinks that we think . 
  but can we simply think for ourselves instead of thinking what the other side is thinking ? 
  we know that ... we do n't expect to be in the single market without the free movement of people . 
  no , the more you pay , the worse it will be . 
  there would be a point of diminishing returns . 
  yeah , we know . 
  that 's why we do n't believe politicians and newspapers ... we make up our own minds . 
  okay then ... completely ignore the point i made in my previous comment . 
  it means that your story is not conclusive of any changes in attitudes or the atmosphere at all . 
  clearly , you do n't know enough about brexit to think it was just about immigration . 
  well , i mean ... you can use your arm chair psychology on just about anything . 
  but if i were to hazard a guess , changing your mind to the side that receives the most hatred and bile is a pretty brave thing to do . 
  so emotional ... did n't realise that 's how the eu was ran . 
  out to get petty revenge ? 
  we did n't want to be in the eu , but we did n't expect the levels of animosity either . 
  the ** british ** newspapers are the ones you should believe the least . 
  i 'm not saying there was n't a few instances ... but there 's probably a few instances of british citizens getting mistreated across europe . 
  also , violence occurs all the time ... but there was a significant rise in reporting of violent crimes after the referendum . 
  almost like news outlets had an agenda . 
  anecdotal evidence does n't really play out here . 
  i 'm not sure what the flair was before , but it 's funny that you 're the one telling him to change it , whilst you have that name . 
  i am ze verst spy ... :(, 
  oh , do n't credit the united states of iberia who saved your nation ... 
  it 's not being pedantic to say europe and the eu are not the same thing . 
  i did n't say r/europe should n't be pro eu ... 
  i 'm saying it does n't have to be solely pro-eu cause roughly just under half the people of europe are anti-eu . 
  this is a place to discuss things about europe , and yes the eu is part of europe so it is discussed here , but lots of other things are discussed here too ; so brexit supporters can enjoy themselves here ... plus the levels of banter is too good to pass up . 
  no where else can i conveniently insult a frenchman . 
  i just fucking said ... europe = / = eu . 
  do n't try and push me out of here cause i love europe . 
  do n't try and conflate the 2 because they are not the same thing . 
  we receive a torrent of abuse for being pro-brexit here . 
  but we 're not going to be forced out of europe just because the majority here are pro-eu . 
  but eu = / = europe ... no matter what you say , we 're here to stay cause fuck the eu , but love europe < 3, 
  wrong sub mate ... you 're looking for r/eu , not r/europe . 
  there was literally a thread on the subject of brits wanting the eu to fall apart and it was such a circlejerk of people banging on and on about how pathetic that was . 
  cause pre-20th century atrocities are not as relevant as the atrocities of the nazi 's . 
  what ? 
  did it do something equivalent of killing 6 million jews in the 20th century ? 
  or any other empire ? 
  let 's go all the way back to the crimes of atilla the hun or charlemagne ... fuck relevance . 
  being british and want the eu to fall apart - `` how petty and pathetic . 
  have some class !!!! '', 
  being europhile and want uk to fall apart - [ no hypocrisy here ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/frajbdpikvqbg/giphy.gif ), 
  well ... there 's some degree of autonomy at a local level . 
  but we want to play with both . 
  it would if a friendly aragon player was allowed to form the united states of iberia ... like me , 
  the berlin wall, 
  well ... it was a good statement . 
  but it was a terrible argument cause i think he completely missed the point . 
  he argued why marine le pen is a terrible candidate , but he failed to address the point that she 's getting a lot of traction from the electorate . 
  the op even said `` attacking her is just attacking a symptom without even being interested in the cause '' ... yet he attacked the symptom and paid no mind to the cause . 
  he 's only commented in this thread twice by the looks of it ... you 'd expect someone who is triggered to have more to say on the subject . 
  maybe we both should come up with a new german one like ... rubberwurst . 
  tim farron . 
  he wants to seemingly reverse the brexit decision . 
  but he 's saying thay he 'll do everything to keep the uk in the common market ... not sure if he 's accepted leaving yet . 
  well , i 'm unhappy with this bill as well ... so i wo n't fight you on that . 
  i hope it gets reversed by the next government because that 's what we can do to hold our government accountable . 
  well , that 's speculation . 
  but i was talking about in terms of accountability . 
  but what about after that ? 
  brexit is a long term strategy and i do n't think that excuse will fly . 
  but now they ca n't blame the eu for domestic problems . 
  the point is for the government to be held accountable by the british people . 
  not the germans or french or any other eu member with different interests . 
  yes , but they 're accountable to the people now . 
  to the electorate . 
  i feel differently . 
  even with your scenario in mind ; it 's still a ridiculous prediction to think that we 'd enter a recession . 
  we were no where near a recession . 
  explain . 
  even then , there was little to no chance of a recession . 
  when it was triggered recently , it had little effect on anything . 
  `` the ~ 50 free trade agreements '' you have roughly 50 agreements with other countries , yeah ... but not anywhere close to 50 free trade agreements . 
  one thing about the eu is the absolute failure in global free trade . 
  a more accountable establishment . 
  far and away from the promises of an immediate recession upon a brexit vote . 
  no , he 's german . 
  sociology comes very naturally to them, 
  still rather bemusing to see the claims of brexit support declining being dashed to the wayside . 
  well ... it would be weird if they went to the eu subreddit . 
  but this is the europe subreddit . 
  where else does it go ? 
  well , we still are in europe . 
  but if you want to be pedantic about geography ... we 're not apart of eurasia i guess . 
  eu = / = europe, 
  we left the eu ... not europe .
