  then we should continue to pay for those projects and for the one we already handed over the cash ... what are you complaining about ? 
  no shit sherlock . 
  i agree to paying for ongoing projects in the uk . 
  but let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  there is no benefit to paying for future projects that we 'll have no involvement in . 
  if that one guy decides he 's not going to live in the house prior to construction and before he 's handed over any cash , with the contract not being legally binding , then he 's entitled to cut ties with that project . 
  `` debt '' is an interesting way to put it . 
  we 're being forced to pay for things we 're gon na have no involvement in , in the future . 
  you should keep better company . 
  it would 've saved them from years of spending cuts and tax rises . 
  i draw the line at a national government because they 'd be more efficient and are better able to implement laws . 
  the counties in this country all have a similar goal as their interests are more aligned . 
  well , guess you have no reason to feel optimistic then . 
  you 'll just have to wait and see . 
  well , i used bulgaria jokingly . 
  but was n't the eu brought to a standstill because of half of belgium ? 
  and that 's why i said it was diluted . 
  now we have politicians representing a government in a government . 
  our voice is not as loud as it could be . 
   why should we have any optimism ? 
  this is a future we did not want , but are going through with anyway ( and seemingly in the most severe fashion possible ) yes , it was a joke . 
  i was pointing out the change in the mood of the remain camp before and after brexit . 
  china and india are unlikely to have goals aligned with the eu . 
  so , world governance will not work imo . 
  i would rather have my laws dictated by my country . 
  because it 's hard to get people in bulgaria to care about my protests to the laws they 're trying to impose without physically moving there . 
  pretty hard to point on reddit , but i 'm pointing at you . 
  but it seemed you missed my original point of how miserable the campaign of optimism and hope is . 
  arguing for democracy . 
  if we 're gon na listen to 27 other states about laws ... why not listen to china and india too ? 
  surely that would be more democratic . 
  well , i do n't really bother with hysterical people . 
  the only solution for that is just wait it out until they calm down and realise the sky is n't falling . 
  you 're right . 
  why do n't we all listen to china and india , since they have the majorities . 
  well , you can be miserable if you want . 
  i ca n't stop you . 
  if greece was n't in the eu , they would have their own currency which they can devalue to shit to pay off their debt . 
  being in the eu forced it to cut spending and raise taxes . 
  they got complacent whilst in the eu by borrowing huge sums , so it is partly their own fault . 
  here 's some other lies from the remain camp : they lied about the costs of leaving the eu . 
  they also suggested the immediate impact of voting leave would result in a recession ... and i think armageddon was suggested at one point . 
  they said we 'd be weaker . 
  cameron himself said he would n't resign and universities would lose funding ... both lies . 
  we were told of tax rises and increased spending cuts with the infamous `` punishment budget '' . 
  unemployment would rise on the immediate aftermath of a brexit vote ... it fell . 
  they said that the eu is not trying to federalise and there wo n't be an eu army . 
  like destroy greece . 
  how fun . 
  that was a whole lot of words with very little substance . 
  `` if , however , we leave the european union without an agreement , the default position is that we would have to trade on world trade organisation terms . 
  in security terms , a failure to reach agreement would mean our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened , '' i do n't see how that could be interpreted as a threat . 
  seems like the guardian is up to its usual tricks . 
  we do n't expect special treatment upon leaving and we will only follow previous agreements should we be given a share of the assets ... as previously agreed . 
  yes , i agree . 
  but it 's painting a picture that brexiteers are all morons who did n't realise they were lied to ... and that we 're only out of the eu because we were tricked . 
  i suppose it 's convenient for europhiles to say we were too stupid to vote because we were lied to . 
  that 's probably more convenient than realising there issues with the eu and that there were concerns from people that were n't addressed . 
  no , no ... forget that . 
  the eu is perfect and the only way for europe to work together . 
  if you think it 's bad for you , imagine being a brexit voter . 
  we must be the most hated breed in europe . 
  then i do n't know why you 're acting like it was settled on one issue and hardly anyone believed that anyways . 
  but i agree , many voters were ignorant ... on both sides . 
  also , you should be aware that the remain campaign was also full of lies . 
  just trying to increase vocalisation of the non-racist group of brexiteers . 
  i love europe btw . 
  just not the eu . 
  also , i 'm 22 if that matters . 
  please remember me ... might be hard seeing as it 's more forgettable than noticing some moron slinging out racial slurs and being confrontational . 
  but i 'll also try to remember that there are germans who are n't as judgmental as you , 
  you tell us ... you 're the one who 's attracting the romans . 
  this speaks volumes about how moronic it is to think the brexit vote was settled on one issue . 
  yes ... that 350 million , which hardly anyone believed ( even though it was technically true , since it `` could '' be spent on the nhs and it was the gross figure , but even then was still a dick move cause it was not entirely an accurate picture , though the remain camp also lied several times , but believing those lies would have been better for some reason if it fits a certain narrative ) ... is the only reason people voted brexit . 
  as in one voice is clearer than 28 . 
  also , i 'm confident that wales will receive all that funding from the uk government instead . 
  they 'll have to adapt in terms of exports though . 
  i suppose it is . 
  well , i would say the eu diluted our power anyways . 
  i meant agreeing with your friends , but whatever . 
  but we did n't book it yet . 
  i like those odds . 
  one way is to be expected , the other is holy fucking shit , really ? 
  i have faith, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qijuesuwqes ahhhh yes . 
  truly the pinnacle of intelligence and wit that hollie . 
  that 's a legitimate point of view . 
  i respect that if you feel that way . 
  but can we have more optimism and hope from the campaign of optimism and hope ? 
  so , your evidence is a sensationalist headline from cnn ? 
  xd that 's a worse source than dave from the local pub xd this discussion is over ? 
  i suppose it is ... cause you 're unable to provide actual legitimate evidence to prove that you are n't using a strawman  but i do want to ask where your emojis went ? 
  we were having such fun with them , were n't we ? 
  well , facts also suggest that it wo n't be an abject failure . 
  so , i doubt we 'll go back in the foreseeable future . 
  but you 're more hopeful of a successful brexit ? 
  that 's good then . 
   did they resort to widespread lies like the leave campaign did ? 
  hahaha yes lol . 
  it just was n't widely reported .
