  breivik is in jail . 
  the raf 's activity ended in 1998 . 
  eta 's activity ended in 2011 . 
  ira are very low risk . 
  islamic terrorism is high risk . 
   grateful for what ? 
  for the artificial guilt of ww1 , gifted by the entente ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  grateful that you 're not held responsible for the sins of your ancestors . 
  who said anything about wwi ? 
  it 's wwii that you should feel responsible for according to your logic . 
   am i supposed to find a solution for that ? 
  you just used it as an argument without a link to the refugee-decision . 
  i 'm not asking you to solve the issue but at least provide a counter argument . 
  do n't just argue a point that would just make allowing refugees in worse for your country . 
  yes , there were job cuts for the public service sector in the 1990s ... but how is the refugee crisis going to help that ? 
  how about this : can you understand polish ? 
  italian ? 
  russian ? 
  finnish ? 
  oh , language barriers !, 
  all those horrible language barriers !, 
  uhhh ... you clearly do n't know what a straw man fallacy is . 
  english speaking population in european countries is much higher . 
  look !, 
  this is r/europe . 
  look at all the people speaking a common language . 
  plus , i do n't need to learn those languages as i do n't intend to live in those countries . 
   `` less jobs available '' is n't an argument in a free market economy . 
  if they are better than you , deal with it . 
  if you apply for a position that 's already filled but you 're a better candidate , do they sack their employee to get you in ? 
   i distance myself far from agreeing with you . 
  i acknowledge the issues that are coming with binding many refugees together without properly integrating them . 
  but neither do n't i generalise as you do , nor do n't i use strawmans and loose , unrelated facts as arguments . 
  you 're becoming impossible to argue with because you 're not even defending your own points . 
  you do n't understand what a straw man is and you 're throwing buzzwords despite how irrelevant they are . 
   funny , i did n't even mention him . 
  but farage would be fitting better . 
  i never said you mentioned him . 
  see ? 
  i can be pedantic too . 
  the un is n't the highest authority in the world . 
  they 're not a world government . 
  it 's an agreement between nations . 
  it 's not our responsibility , but we as europeans take responsibility out of the kindness and to help . 
  but we must expect other countries to also take responsibility . 
  germany deciding on their own to take in a million and then wanting other european countries to carry their self-inflicted burden was a mistake . 
   just as free travel between eu states or even provinces . 
  how about building a giant wall ? 
  it will be magnificent ? 
  what ? 
  why are you pretending there 's a terrorism threat from other eu countries ? 
   the uk exploited it 's colonies for centuries , and many of these colonies are now in need of help . 
  we shall not be responsible for the sins of the past . 
  you should be more grateful for that than most . 
   which is supported by job cuts the government did since the 1990 's . 
  how is this solving the issue ? 
  this will just inflate the problem . 
   yeah , what a horror scenario they muslims integrate themselves into western society . 
  what ? 
  difficulty . 
  difficulty !, 
  they find it difficult to integrate . 
  if they are able to integrate , then hats off to them . 
  welcome to europe . 
  you 're one of us now . 
   have you been in wales lately ? 
  i bet you understand welsh just as good as arabic . 
  they speak english in wales . 
  like ... over 99 % speak english . 
  english speaking population of syria is much , much lower . 
   if you lose your job , because a refugee with disadvantages in language and knowledge takes it , that would n't speak for you , would it ? 
  less jobs available and the refugees themselves count as unemployed . 
   which is the result of ghettonisation of people . 
  does n't matter if they are arabic , polish or german - if you stack them in camps with nothing to do , what do you expect ? 
  yes . 
  so we 're in agreement then . 
  letting in over a million refugees will inflate the issue . 
  * sigh * ... disagreeing with how the refugee crisis was handled = / = trump supporter . 
  confirmation bias ? 
  ohhh ... was that an assumption ? 
  we know what they say about assuming . 
  i only read the news and listened to other germans complain about the crisis . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-offer-asylum-seekers-1200-euros-voluntarily-return-home-countries-refugees-crisis-merkel-a7561701.html [ this is fine . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-refugees-spend-20-billion-euros-2016-angela-merkel-crisis-budgets-middle-east-north-africa-a7623466.html totally not a problem . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/report-germany-planned-to-close-border-at-height-of-2015-refugee-crisis/a-37817614 all is well . 
  if you have sources that show how beneficial letting in all the refugees are to your country , then by all means ... challenge my `` confirmation bias '' . 
  the thing is ... it is n't our fucking responsibility . 
  well , i 'm sure your anecdotal evidence dismisses all potential threats and we can all live in peace now . 
  however ... 
  potential avenue for terrorists into europe . 
  immense costs . 
  increased pressure on public services . 
  difficulty of islamic backgrounds and cultures to integrate well into western society . 
  language barriers . 
  increased unemployment . 
  rise in crime . 
  yes , yes , and i would n't expect you to . 
  it 's an error when you try to pawn off responsibility of your mistake onto others . 
  i believe that 's called ... denial .
