   did they belittle and insult like the leave campaign did ? 
  correct again lol . 
  nail on the head there . 
   did they result to populist bullshit tactics like calling leaving a union with voluntary membership gaining independence ? 
  i think that 's just campaigning ... so yes ? 
  i think . 
  i do n't know what you mean by that . 
   what was offensive about it ? 
  firstly , they lied about the costs of leaving the eu . 
  they also suggested the immediate impact of voting leave would result in a recession ... and i think armageddon was suggested at one point . 
  they said we 'd be weaker . 
  they called us morons and idiots . 
  they called us bigots and racists . 
  they conflate us with trump supporters for some reason . 
  cameron himself said he would n't resign and universities would lose funding ... both lies . 
  we were told of tax rises and increased spending cuts with the infamous `` punishment budget '' . 
  unemployment would rise on the immediate aftermath of a brexit vote ... it fell . 
  they said that the eu is not trying to federalise and there wo n't be an eu army . 
  that 's not an assumption lol . 
  it 's a survey ... they 're not exactly going to ask meps and heads of states   here 's your evidence , bro . 
   hahahahhaa no shit sherlock . 
  obviously that 's the goal . 
  but where does it say we expect a free trade deal for nout ? 
  did you forget the original request i made ? 
   find me the person who suggested that the uk should retain all of the freedoms ** while not committing to any of the responsibilities ** i know we want a free trade deal . 
  that much is obvious mate xd, 
  agreed before the circumstances changed . 
  if you agreed to pay for a holiday to spain next year , but decided not to go ... do you still have to pay ? 
  and we do n't expect access to the single market . 
  we 're going into the negotiations with no expectations of receiving anything . 
  they 'll probably have a better skill set too . 
  he said with little optimism or hope ... 
  hahahahaahaa it 's so funny how people forget that time is a factor . 
  yeah , those anti-brexit protesters are a strange lot . 
  so now you 're just making assumptions . 
  you do n't actually have any legitimate evidence . 
  well fine ... if you 're gon na lie , so am i : the eu actually offered the uk a free trade deal , but then pulled away just to make us look like we really wanted one , when we did n't expect one in the first place , 
  then why are you hoping we would come grovelling back ? 
  or are you suggesting we would come grovelling back after being successful ? 
  if the economy of the eu crashes , then security provided by nato members in the eu will also go down ... that 's the thing about economies . 
  they 're hard to predict . 
  then why are all these people angry if we were dead weight ? 
  so , you wish for us to fail just so you could be right ? 
  charming . 
  so , a bunch of dave 's from the local pub ? 
  no one of substance is actually saying this ? 
  oh , and if you think may said it ... if you watch the video in the link you gave , she says `` we do n't seek to hold on to bits of membership as we leave '' . 
  who is the article quoting ? 
  everyone seems to be quoting some mythical british beast who 's stomping around saying `` britain should retain a trade deal and all the benefits of the eu whilst not being a member '' . 
  find me this person . 
  hopefully it 's someone of actual substance and not just dave from the local pub . 
  the remain campaign was also offensive ... but you wo n't remember that . 
  does n't fit your narrative . 
  if we agree to paying , then we should have a share of the assets . 
  otherwise we 're paying for nothing . 
  who are you quoting ? 
  find me the person who suggested that the uk should retain all of the freedoms while not committing to any of the responsibilities ... or is it just your typical strawman ? 
  [ i 'm not sure if anyone is arguing against this . 
  we already knew this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74zhrgr0d0y ), 
  that makes sense . 
  well , i 'm taking the position that should there be a vote , the uk government would be against the reunification of ireland . 
  if they were campaigning , they might say they would revoke citizenship , as we 'd be 2 separate countries then , with no land border . 
  does it specify that the constitutional status of ni does n't matter ? 
  ni is n't a burden . 
  perhaps slightly in an economic sense , but that 's the fault of the british government . 
  also , losing that much territory would harm the british economy . 
  i 'd rather we keep northern ireland in the union . 
  assuming we 'd want to keep ni , which i do n't see any reason not to , why would we let them retain the benefits of being in the uk , whilst they ... hang on a minute . 
  this sounds familiar . 
  i thought so . 
  i was thinking that he might have said he 'd have to leave the country cause of death threats or something , but this is in the same vein . 
  it 's clear he meant that he does n't want to leave and he 'd be forced to if brexit fails . 
  why would britain let them retain their british citizenship if they choose to reunify with ireland ? 
  this article seems to missing some context ... not sure though . 
  just seems incomplete . 
  if it fits your narrative . 
  you did answer your own question . 
   if this premise is false , this means we get to directly elect the executive body of the union ( through direct elections or the european parliament ) . 
  in my mind , such a government would qualify as federalisation . 
  but you should be arguing from the point of view of an anti-federalist . 
  if there is no way to become more democratic without increased federalisation , then there is no way to become more democratic in the eyes of an anti-federalist . 
  however , an anti-federalist wo n't believe there 's no way to achieve a more democratic union without increased federalisation . 
  also , i would n't say directly voting the executive body would equate to increased federalisation in the sense that anti-federalists would be against . 
  anti-federalists in the eu are more concerned with retaining sovereignty and avoid further politicisation of the eu . 
  direct voting would not be a threat to either of those goals imo . 
  so , i do n't think it 's a paradox . 
  i agree . 
  that would n't be very democratic . 
  again , if we 're arguing from the point of view of an anti-federalist , increased federalisation is not the answer when trying to increase the levels of democracy . 
  but if you 're trying to convince an anti-federalist that federalisation is the way to go , that 's a different argument altogether . 
  then i 'd have to argue the point that federalisation is n't the way to go rather than the point that it 's not cognitive dissonance in arguing that the eu needs to be more democratic whilst wanting to retain state rights . 
  i agree , that is the definition of democracy . 
  again , i agree . 
  state rights have to be retained in this situation . 
  that 's a fixed point . 
  from there , how do you make the union more democratic ? 
  federalisation ca n't be the only answer . 
  an anti-federalist wo n't believe that and that 's why it 's not cognitive dissonance . 
  https://youtu.be/vxx9kokokts?t=22s anti-federalists would prefer to retain state rights over increased federalisation to allow for a more democratic union .
