  guess they should pay their workers more money then . 
  a joke , without a twist , works better when there 's a hint of truth within it . 
  farmers ... 
  or ... you know ... we 'll adapt and start producing more of our own food . 
  quite a few are just very strongly anti-immigration . 
  the name only references black lives ... and that it matters ; potentially to the detriment of other lives if need be . 
  then we could say the same about far right groups . 
  they 're pretty racist to white people , are they not ? 
  is that an american narrating ? 
  i never claimed that the middle/upper castes were n't orchestrating the violence . 
  the claim i made is that the lower castes formed the majority of the group that executed the attacks . 
  if you want to know how i came to that conclusion , i felt it was n't unreasonable to assume that the groups would form a mix of castes that is representative of the population . 
  it would n't also be unreasonable to assume that the lower castes are less educated and are more inclined to follow religious doctrine . 
  also , the amount of respect given to status in india , could make it easy to believe that the ones listening to a figurehead would be the masses of lower castes . 
  i also felt that upper/middle class have to deal in risk management if they were to get involved . 
  they have more to lose by getting involved and risking themselves . 
  finally , looking at historical riots ... mobs are generally formed by peasants , whereas nobles and lords are less likely to get involved in the violence themselves . 
  i am not saying the lower castes of hindus are solely responsible . 
  i just do n't think they should be exempt from the blame in perpetuating the persecution of religious minorities in india . 
  why do n't we turn it to the more ludicrous claim and i ask you to provide evidence that only higher castes are actively organising and executing these mobbed attacks on religious minorities . 
  that 's the conspiracy theory here . 
  my conclusion is derived from an educated guess , so i admit , i do not have evidence to back the claim up . 
  but i am interested as to where your conclusion was derived from . 
  well , either way ... hindus persecute minority religions . 
  not sure why you 're so defensive of the lower castes only . 
  perhaps you belong to a lower caste and want to avoid any of the blame with this intellectual dishonesty . 
  but perhaps to you , the lower castes can only be the victims . 
  ca n't you make the logical deduction given that lower castes make the majority of the population ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_gujarat_riots https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1984_anti-sikh_riots could literally point to any riot and it 's practically guaranteed that lower castes will be involved . 
  it 's the lower castes that are more capable of the violence by forming mobs . 
  but the key is that they 're aggressive to minority religions . 
  that 's a simple case of a majority persecuting a minority . 
  but there 's a majority religion . 
  a very aggressive religion . 
  do n't worry , it 's just as shit . 
  king charles iii it 's a movie . 
  made by the bbc . 
  does n't seem that way if you 're a minority ethnic group in india . 
  i say they should just steal ruth davidson and make her head the main wing . 
  neither . 
  the pro-brexit one . 
  but we won ... ? 
  or are you suggesting that you 're the example of this case ? 
  [ if we leave the eu , we 'll become a 3rd world country ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/022/940/spongebobicon.jpg ), 
  those damn rednecks and neo nazis with their masters ' and doctorates . 
  how did we break the agreement ? 
  we declared war on germany and fought germany . 
  just not on your schedule . 
  so much for our military agreement ... you did n't even stop the blitz or kill hitler . 
  or maybe i should n't expect you to pull magic out of your arse . 
  i guess `` thank you '' really is the hardest part . 
  utmost respect to estonians who actually thank us for helping them in the baltic naval wars and we barely did anything for them . 
  be ungrateful all you like . 
  it only makes you look like bitter fools . 
  we 're not magicians . 
  we may not have come out of the gates flying , but we fought to the bitter end . 
  we sacrificed so much for the survival of the continent from fascism . 
  i find it remarkable that you completely ignore that and blame us for your post war failings . 
  no one won . 
  it was the beginning of the end of the uk 's time as a superpower . 
  we began to lose our status in the world . 
  london and other cities were reduced to rubble . 
  many young men who never grew old . 
  we sacrificed so much to stop fascism . 
  so when i say you 're victorious , i do n't think you should be expecting more than being an independent country . 
  from there , you have to help yourself . 
  why not indeed . 
  you have a remarkable case of cognitive dissonance . 
  you realise we won the war , right ? 
  you realise poland is still an independent country , right ? 
  would you prefer we attacked straight away and potentially lose ? 
  i liked it better when we were all stereotyped as being posh . 
  then we said `` we 're not all posh '' and now we 're all stereotyped as being chavs . 
  * sigh *, 
  what 's your excuse for not attacking russia right now ? 
  pathetic ... 
  though . 
  well , if you want one , the yangzhou massacre . 
  the irish hated the english long before that , but yeah ... he did divide the islands even more so . 
  though , that comes naturally through crushing rebellions and conquest . 
  it was a state of war and the war was won and if guerrilla warfare persists , the usual response is to get strict . 
  i do n't see cromwell as an evil person . 
  he just did what was the norm for his time . 
  when a region under your control is rebelling , you crush the rebellion . 
  if the start using guerrilla warfare , you use the iron fist . 
  and if you want an example of that ... basically , the vast majority of the world were crushing rebellions . 
  i 'm just saying cromwell does n't stand out too much from the crowd of his time . 
  it 's just personal grievances from the irish which vilify him more than what he should be . 
  or if you 're indoctrinated to defend irish propaganda or a hatred of the british in general . 
  again , i repeat , it was n't out of place for it 's time . 
  it was common in conquest and as you said , `` aggravated by an outbreak of bubonic plague '' . 
  that 's if you ignore the outbreak of bubonic plague and famine . 
  also , you have to judge it against similar conquests at the time . 
  unfortunately not . 
  i frequent both very regularly . 
  but what i regularly see is the use of straw men to push an agenda . 
  first time i 've heard of that too . 
  that 's the first time i 've heard of that . 
  people do n't really understand the fact that you can be for immigration but against mass immigration . 
  there 's a reason it 's expensive .
