  that 's wishful thinking ... and the likelihood of entering a recession is very low . 
  i 'm so used to green meaning `` a good thing '' , and i assumed more police relative to the population would be a good thing . 
  i 'm inclined to believe that whomever made this chart saw that norway would be red if they made red = less police , green = more police ... and norway can never be red in any graph ever . 
  it 's messing with my head . 
  is less police officers shown as green ? 
  and more police officers shown as red ? 
  i do n't trust clothes that i have n't tried on . 
  i can never remember my size . 
  i aspire to be you ... though i may give in to temptation once i get more money . 
  just the thought of a series depicting medieval africa but with a white queen makes me chuckle . 
  all hell would break loose . 
  punjab is still bigger than the uk though . 
  i 'm not gon na lie , it was quite fun . 
  and i got some nice things for quite a good price . 
  also , i 'm still young and most of my clothes were bought by my parents . 
  i spent # 45.00 on clothes today because it was too hot outside and the store was nice and cool , but did n't want to let on that i was just in for the air conditioner . 
  this is like the first time i 've bought clothes in 3 years . 
  * imagining abed and the community gang in the fortress of solitude *, 
  yeah , but that 's only to piss us off . 
  we were only trying to restore world order after you broke an international treaty . 
  sanctions had to be taken . 
  a lot of people complain about farage turning up to the ep . 
  they say it 's hypocritical for some reason . 
  `` you 're either with us or you 're a nutjob !!! '', 
  said the nutjob . 
  that logic would hold true if he only said one thing ever . 
  but he says alot of things ... and then you have to seperate the light hearted comments from when he 's actually being serious . 
  you know ... like how common sense works . 
  that 's the thing about being a supporter . 
  you kinda ... support . 
  lol, 
  no , the context is he said it at some dinner party of like-minded people as a joke ... you know how comedians sometimes joke about making threats . 
  well , politicians also like to joke to lighten the mood . 
  so , you agree that the people who were arrested for making threats said worse things than farage ? 
  so you 're saying `` what about the other people ???!!! '' ? 
  hmmmmmm ... firsly , context . 
  secondly , did these people say the exact same thing as farage ? 
  but why would they be triggered by that ? 
  no , like `` pick up a rifle '' . 
  novel way to not have to argue with your opponents ... actually , not that novel . 
  so , it 's not exacty going to be a disaster ... 
  did you just use whataboutism to defend your point ? 
  do you think exports to the eu will drop to 0 % in 2019 even without a deal ? 
  really ? 
  all i see is a lot of triggered individuals that takes everything farage says way too seriously . 
  seems like `` rape survivor '' would be more apt ... for someone who endured a horrible crime . 
  i ca n't find my keys !!! '', 
  `` have you checked in the balkans ? '', 
  `` found it , thanks !!! '', 
  leaving apparently is . 
  if i 'm reading it right , does this graph say that the netherlands is the greatest contributor per capita , but gets barely any eu investement per capita in return ? 
  please ignore everything our politicians say whilst the election season is happening . 
  it 's rude and inflammatory , but it 's just electioneering . 
  once it 's over , please continue to ignore them . 
  his face looks like it 's photoshopped onto his body . 
  good luck floy !, 
  hope you get it . 
  well , lots of countries have people who are overly zealous on their country 's importance in the world ... even countries smaller than the uk . 
  also , britain is n't insignificant to say the least ... being one of the permanent members on the un security council and one of the largest economies in the world . 
  conservative governments have neglected industrial areas full stop . 
  but it 's more hygenic !!!, 
  nice flair . 
  brits do n't really travel across europe . 
  we 're an island after all . 
  it wo n't really affect the daily lives of the majority of the working class . 
  i was learning german in year 7 alsongside french . 
  had an amazing teacher ... and i was the best in the class at it . 
  when i got to year 8 , i would 've liked to continue german , but it was n't an option . 
  i do n't know why they wasted my time learning it for 1 year if i was n't going to continue and now i do n't remember any of it . 
  such a stupid system . 
  fascinating ... fascinating theory . 
  just one question . 
  what 's iceland ? 
  that 4th place is n't going to fill itself . 
  like goku and vegeta ... 
  first let us try and if we fail ... please go easy on us . 
  well , it 's become a meme ... so does n't really interest me . 
  also , i do n't think he 's a fascist . 
  just look at all his u-turns . 
  he 's seems to be a castrated kitten pretending to be a lion . 
  though ... he has some bite to him , such as that healthcare plan . 
  lol , it 's not . 
  i do n't care for dt . 
  i do n't care for memes even more . 
  so ... you are wary of superficial news . 
  yet you quite easily call dt a fascist . 
  hey !, 
  erdogan is our closest fascist . 
  well , as long as you know it was n't a one issue referendum . 
  the second one , yeah . 
  so , it 's no more than the usual background levels of hate crimes ... no large spikes before or after the referendum . 
  almost pointless to bring up . 
  there is no union like the european union ... which is so broken beyond repair . 
  there are trade agreements across the world , but being solo politically is the norm ... 
  but if you say that 's the norm , why not give us a good trade deal so it wo n't be selfish of us , 
  as any other country in the world ... yes , we want to protect our own interests . 
  if the eu was n't beneficial to the eastern bloc , would they oh so nobely make a sacrifice to improve the conditions of another country ? 
  would they fuck ... 
  yes , it 's about us , us , and only us ... to us !, 
  like it 's about you , you , and you to you !,
