  i just disagree with you ... and anecdotal evidence wo n't get you very far here . 
  and you are clearly exaggerating the claims of the levels of racism and race crime that occurred here in the uk after the brexit vote . 
  there has n't been a massive surge in violent crimes after it . 
  saying brexit was a racist vote is propaganda on your side . 
  you made the positive claim ... so it 's your propaganda . 
  you 're choosing to see what you want . 
  life has hardly changed in the uk so far . 
  `` dirty '' and `` bloody '' are your words . 
  it 's not racist to be anti-immigration ... it makes sense to be . 
  public services ca n't cope with massive increases of demand and there 's only so many school places and houses we can offer in this country . 
  we need immigration at sustainable levels . 
  that 's not to say 0 immigration . 
  immigration should be kept in the 10000s ... so that the public services can grow at a rate where it can sustain these levels . 
  you said that i was offended ... but you 're the one clearly offended despite brexit not being a personal slight against you . 
  you 're not the eu . 
  you 're just a citizen of it . 
  the eu right now is a political entity . 
  i do n't know why you feel personally insulted , but our decision had nothing to do with you . 
  if you think we did it as a personal slight against all immigrants , that would be really dumb . 
  immigration is a numbers game , not about individuals . 
  you did n't have to leave . 
  pretty sure they 're gon na make a deal that current eu citizens in the uk can stay and vice versa for uk nationals . 
  also , i 'm brown too . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/glefjhko8j9uq/source.gif ), 
  gladly . 
  pretty sure the government can get away with a lot of shit without * legal * problems ... it 's just impractical to do so . 
   being part of a big union actually makes you relevant in the international stage . 
  the eu has huge leverage when it comes to just about everything . 
  the uk alone , really not that much . 
  fucking iceland has a trade deal with china . 
  i think we 'll be alright outside of the eu ... given that we have a population 200 times larger than them , a bigger economy , a permanent seat on the nato security council , and the list goes on . 
  guess ukraine is part of asia now ... and does this also confirm turkey as an asian state ? 
  [ it 's a very cunning plan ] ( https://youtu.be/9gc4fswyhco?t=8s ), 
  it 's not a very funny one . 
  there 's a very interesting graph on that site titled `` how do you want to compare the gender pay gap by state '' . 
  you can either choose `` controlled '' or `` uncontrolled '' . 
  controlled represents female and male employees working in the same field . 
  if you pick that , the difference is negligible ( except for a few southern states ) . 
  malta and cyprus . 
  dammit ... now we left and french-german ties could n't be stronger . 
  we made a mistake !, 
  reaching . 
  lol i was confused by that . 
  but it is such a weird thing to say , though i do n't know the context . 
  why would you carry on after deleting you comments ? 
  run along boy with you tail tucked between your legs and delete that comment too . 
  just pointing out another ludicrous solution to solving the inefficiency problems . 
  break up of the eu will also fix that for individual countries that want that trade deal . 
  i wonder how much they spent on the anti-av campaign ... 
  so , there was a chance we could 've been pressured or we have a trump/clinton scenario where we have little choice . 
  seems very inefficient . 
  we have n't even discussed brexit , so why would i just randomly decide to list out all the good points about brexit ? 
  i 'm not a recorder ... 
  i do n't just continuously praise brexit on a loop . 
  just seems like you want something to latch onto to argue against . 
  i did n't comment on this thread for a brexit argument . 
  i 've done that 100s of times over . 
  all i know is that the eu was looking to make an eu army long before brexit . 
  would they have gone ahead with it if we voted to remain ? 
  maybe ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i ca n't say for certain . 
  but there 's a chance they might ... and we would n't of gotten another referendum if they chose to ... and currently , they 're doing it now ... so that 's our best predictive model ... so it was a risk to stay in the eu on the grounds they may have looked for further integration with an eu army . 
  welcome to the art of campaigning ... yes , they lie . 
  the remain campaign also lied . 
  they often lie . 
  there will be economic disruption in the short term . 
  we wo n't have access to the single market . 
  there may or may not be extra money for the nhs . 
  there probably will be i reckon ... since we did pay a net # 10 billion a year that we can use on other things . 
  remain camp lied ... so , all 's fair in love and war and campaigning apparently . 
  saw what coming ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  there has n't been a major economic disaster . 
  no ww3 . 
  what did all the `` informed '' people see ? 
  that 's an assumption . 
  an eu army was already in the works . 
  and there was a will , as there are many federalists looking for further integration of the eu . 
  we 're arguing about what 's good for the country ? 
  that 's news to me ... cause i thought you were trying to argue about whether or not it is opinion or fact that brexiter 's are anti-rational . 
  which is a nice way to call us stupid , but i 'm not having it and it is an opinion and you 're entitled to that opinion , but i do n't want to debate that with you . 
  from that i can already gather that you 'd be impossible to debate with because you 're still too emotional about brexit . 
  if you 're not open to at least viewing a decision from the other sides perspective , then you wo n't move any ground because you 've already vilified all brexiter 's . 
  you 've brainwashed yourself and i ca n't save you from that nor do i have the will to . 
  well , it was still a risk to stay in the eu in the case they wanted to push ahead with an eu army then . 
  nice straw man . 
  yeah , we won ... we know ... cause we won . 
  i do n't know why you 're celebrating that fact . 
  maybe you 're a brexiter . 
  cause we 're happy that we won and apparently , so are you . 
  how can i argue against an opinion ? 
  there 's no point . 
  for someone who is n't salty , you sure do love moaning about brexit and i look forward to the future , thanks . 
  then why were they making plans to develop the eu army despite us already being in the eu ? 
  you clearly do n't know what brexiters want , so do n't act as our spokesman . 
  brexit means brexit and eu means eu and army means army and nonsense means nonsense . 
  * yawn * ... you 're clearly still salty about the result . 
  talk to me when your tears have dried . 
  oh , i 'm sorry ... it 's just you were sooooo original with your comment that i could n't help follow the trend .
