  something more nazi germany or north korea would fit better . 
  yeah the failure everybody predicted and decided to join in anyway . 
  and yes it did completely destroy the concept of war on terror and rendered it non-viable . 
  no war does not equal becoming defenceless . 
  if you read my comment youd know i never spoke of such a thing . 
  i mean what are you even trying to say ? 
  round up all the muslims and shoot them ? 
  how do you know who is an enemy and who is not . 
  thats the shitty part about terrorism it doesnt have a capital it doesnt have a permanent leader . 
  you cant march into raqqa and expect terrorism to be over . 
  and did you learn about declaring a war on terrorism from the successes of the americans in iraq and afghanistan ? 
  people reacting like anti-muslim nazis is just what the terrorists want . 
  a religious war so more muslims join them to finally have a jihad against europe they can win . 
  i would say the refugee crisis is an issue , although i believe they should be saved , they shouldnt be allowed to wander freely and join our societies . 
  how hard is it anyway ? 
  make australia-like camps in the eu border nations give them basic human needs and let them stay there till the crisis is over . 
  as soon as that is done the refugee influx is going to fall tenfold . 
  it is not racist to say their way of life can not be tolerated in europe . 
  i hate it when such discussions turn to a dick measuring contest or a race to the bottom as you said . 
  its good to have a realistic understanding of your country . 
  i am happy romania is doing better currently and hope you continue improving , maybe we get to see how its done and get off our assess and achieve some progress too . 
  yep . 
  i am not a big fan of tri-colours . 
  and i think ours is boring . 
  best - uk , macedonia , denmark , spain , greece , portugal , croatia , bosnia and switzerland worst - lithuania , all the balkan countries i didnt mention , ukraine , belarus , turkey and russia . 
  dont wan na touch the other but bulgarian roads and road infrastructure is better than in romania . 
  i currently live in bucharest and can make a comparison between the area around bucharest and sofia . 
  in highways bulgaria has more km than romania , which is quite big because romania has double the budget if not more due to the bigger population and slightly higher taxes . 
  trying to be as neutral as possible id say sofia is better for everyday life than bucharest , though bucharest has more things to do in terms of entertainment and culture . 
  in my understanding food regulations are non-negotiable and will remain the way the eu wants them to be . 
  i dont see anything wrong with having a `` get shit faced '' holiday location . 
  id love it if more brits came because it does bring in a lot of money . 
  but people act as if its immoral or some shit . 
  everybody needs to wake up in a beach in bulgaria with no id or money at some point in their life . 
  damnit romania [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8e9dp-ggl8 ) is not the type of creepy vampire dude we wanted to see . 
  in which you speculate about speculations . 
  doesnt matter , we should not be focusing on this . 
  its the same with religious people saying being gay is a choice . 
  choice or not , outside of the scientific world it doesnt matter . 
  all people should be equal and have the same rights and opportunities . 
  how is it not ? 
  reproduction is the main evolutionary tool for a species surviving . 
  being attracted to the same sex makes it impossible to reproduce and is therefore a defect . 
  i dont think its wrong , and i am a big suporter of lgbt rights . 
  but it is a defect . 
  i dont think there is even a gender-rights organisation in bulgaria . 
  i never understood why bulgarians hate lgbt people when homophobia comes from religion and the country is mostly not religious at all . 
  i wish i could say things are changing . 
  well it is technically a defect . 
  at least he understands its not a choice . 
  but tbh even if it was a choice who the fuck cares . 
  they like russia were doing so well until the dictators came to power . 
  german * was * almost as predominant as english before ww1 . 
  the reason people stopped speaking it was because the government created a massive campaign in the form of propaganda to remove any sympathy towards the germans and the joining of germany during the great war . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/census-2000-data-top-us-ancestries-by-county.svg ) is a map of ancestry for the us that was made in 2000 that even now shows how many germans there were . 
  i agree the civil war had nothing to do with culture . 
  but they still made a distinction between the yanks of the north and dixie from the south . 
  there is appetite though . 
  not in the uk , not in finland but in countries like germany , poland , romania , the netherlands there is statistically . 
  i do n't see why you wont and saying never just displays that you refuse to rethink facts and arguments and are just hard-headedly going with something you have a emotional attachment to . 
  you should disregard sentimentality and using logic just try to imagine what would be the best for you and your children 's future . 
  would it be a united europe or a bunch of fragmented states that segregate themselves into nationalities . 
  they split because they wanted to . 
  because they separated themselves into czechs and slovaks instead of working together . 
  i am 100 % sure the lives of the people would be better if they remained united . 
  there is no need for cultures to blend . 
  different cultures can live together . 
  and what we are doing now is artificial preservation of our cultures . 
  in bulgaria when someone tries to correct history everybody starts raging because `` something something preserve our culture '' . 
  culture is culture , there is no need to divide ourselves just because there are some differences . 
  as i said before issues only arise when you let people from 3rd world countries live the way they lived in the middle east because its `` their culture '' . 
  stoning gays and beading infidels is not culture , oppressing women and oppressing other people 's culture or religion is not `` heritage '' . 
  if some people dont want to adapt to our modern societies then they should not be allowed to live here . 
  but they were . 
  because they were made up from communities from those countries . 
  yes with time they blended together but there was a comparison . 
  there still is a slight division like the italian americans in new york and the dutch in pennsylvania . 
  and as i said in another comment , there is no need to create a cultural identity in order to create a political union . 
  it is just the current trend for countries to be made up exclusively of a single nation . 
  what stoppes us from being like a big uk ? 
  different nationalities living in the same country . 
  really the only issue is that people will have to swallow their nationalism . 
  everybody can win from a mutually desired unity . 
  of course austria-hungary did n't succeed . 
  it was basically austria conquering and ruling everybody else . 
  that is incorrect . 
  as i said in another comment less than 100 years ago german was as dominant in the usa as english . 
  there were dutch , english , italian , irish , polish , german , etc communities and it took centuries of propaganda to create an official and predominant language . 
  during the civil war the southern states including texas would think themselves different from the yanks . 
  they were dixie . 
  political union did not follow the cultural union . 
  more like they both helped eachother grow . 
  and for the eu there already is a political union . 
  but i dont understand why there is a necessity to create a european culture and nationality . 
  you will still be british i will be bulgarian . 
  we will just have a federal government . 
  there is no need to establish a common culture in order to create a political union . 
  like there are irish , welsh , scottish and english people within the uk . 
  together for the better . 
  tell me how it is n't .
