  if you are from hamburg you should know or even remember how stupid shutting one 's country from the world can be . 
  we can still see that eastern germany is poorer than the west . 
  internal borders only hurt europeans . 
  the eu is a very good thing . 
  its not its fault its being mismanaged . 
  i dont want to live in the same world ( historically-wise ) in which the normal nation-state was conceived . 
  it created too many conflicts and wars over imaginary lines . 
  the answer to extremism is not extremism , we must remember to be rational over anything else . 
  just committed several european wars instead . 
  better kick wales , scotland and northern ireland out of the union . 
  and then quickly revert to pre-united england as well . 
  unions are damn too dangerous . 
  if the overall plan is to create a stable government in the affected countries ( which may even include splitting them to stop future conflicts ) , including removing assad then yes . 
  if not i wont support ground troops because the same thing will happen in 10 years . 
  schengen has nothing to do with the migrant crisis . 
  / u/jacky _ p made a very valid point . 
  if every country becomes a military state with restrictions on our every day lives then we will be living the same way as the countries the terrorists come from . 
  and that is what they want . 
  also in this moment of tragedy why do you have to start spreading political bs . 
  no confirmation of who the attackers were , the fucking thing is still going off.until you get some actual information try not to go to conclusions . 
  when i saw we are the same colour as spain i was like fuuuuck even before i saw the actual data . 
  erdogan separated the people 's minds from their heads . 
  kebab is uniting the whole world . 
  they are sincerely invited to come to bulgaria and celebrate it here . 
  we will gladly join the celebration especially if we get some free raki . 
  nightmare fuel for anti-nationalists . 
  i call uniting an area half the size of europe which spoke a bunch of different languages and had different cultures and traditions a damn good favor . 
  was recently in mumbai . 
  the only buildings that were not rubbish piled onto some more rubbish were the ones built during colonial times ( except that billionaire skyscraper ) and they were getting quite close to becoming rubbish since they hadnt been cleaned or maintained since the brits left . 
   bit then you are in a position where the majority can drag a single member state along , or try to , or face claims that they have . 
  that is how democracy works . 
  and i am from one of the smallest european states and i still think its fair . 
  why should bulgaria get as much representation in the eu as italy or france or the uk ? 
  that is not fair . 
  and we are getting the short straws sometimes . 
  like cancelling the south stream . 
  but it is for the better of europe so we do it . 
   and i think this is the crux of the issue with the uk , people in the uk do n't really want a political union , for the vast majority the economics is the only really relevant part and the political aspect is seen as a negative not a positive . 
  if you do n't have that support and if the uk is in a minority , why would anyone want to bind the country into the eu - it 'd lose out massively ( possibly not economically , but politically and socially . . ) . 
  and thats why i think you should leave the eu if you vote for it in the referendum . 
  nobody is making you stay forcefully . 
  if you do not support the ideals it wont be fair to change them so that they fit your desires . 
  you either accept the whole package or nothing . 
  we cant just let states choose what they like about the eu and lose the rest . 
  as i said that just destroys the purpose . 
  yes i do mean more centralization and federalization , but that doesnt mean it wont be `` a set of countries to act on something they all mutually believed in '' . 
  this is what the eu parliament is , right ? 
  a set of democratically elected people chosen from each state the number of which is proportionately decided by the state 's population . 
  the eu parliament works on legislature that at least in practice is supposed to better the eu as a whole . 
  and having that legislature binding to all states is much more effective than if states were allowed to `` red card '' because of * in most cases * silly reasons . 
  the eu is supposed to bring the european countries closer and to be a political union as well not only an economic one . 
  you take away the fundamental ideals of the eu and you have something completely different . 
  this ** is ** the future of the eu , this is what it has been aiming at since its creation . 
  if people do not agree with the purpose of the eu anymore then disband it and create a union with a different purpose . 
  i dont agree . 
  the uk leaving will hurt but undermining the eu parliament will make the eu less useful only for people to start saying '' it doesnt do much anyways why do we need it ? '' . 
  either we are working towards a more united europe with common goals or every state looks out for only its sole interests in which case we can safely disband the eu because its purpose will be gone . 
  i completely agree that the eu needs reforms . 
  but not in making it weaker but more powerful . 
  the demands will only serve the uk 's interests while undermining the idea of the eu which will be detrimental for its future . 
  i dont see a purpose in the eu if the states can just `` red card '' its decisions . 
  these demands are a joke . 
  10 times better for uk to leave than to make the eu even more insignificant . 
  cant make them want to be a part of europe . 
  this is how i do it . 
  i am not xenophobic . 
  i happen to believe that if you go to live in a country you should follow their rules and laws . 
  in fact i wish we had more immigrants from the eu in bulgaria . 
  so are you saying that what i described doesnt happen ? 
  do you not know the way legislation is passed by the eu ? 
  i find it weird that everybody is screaming bloody murder against the hard-working eu immigrants who pay their taxed and are proper citizens . 
  but saying anything against the muslims from pakistan and india who try to enforce sharia law and stab people in the outskirts of london is racist . 
  so people focus their hate on the europeans . 
  i know and it saddens me . 
  how quickly people forgot the value of unity . 
  do we need another world war to remind us of what can happen when we look out for solely our interests and are egocentric ? 
  there are many faults with the eu and the way it works . 
  and we can fix all of them . 
  a united europe is a super power . 
  i mean judging by history , how many times did a country get weaker when it was united ? 
  how many nations became the powers they are today because they united ? 
  would the uk be as strong without wales n.ireland and scotland ? 
  these silly issues we are having now will be nothing in the long-run . 
  and everybody wins for being united in the long-term . 
  i don want the uk to leave . 
  but if it continues bitching over every little thing it is for the best of the union for them to leave . 
  trade : no way it doesnt suffer at least until you make agreements with the prosperous chinese and indians . 
  eu budget : they cant say what the money will be used for , nobody knows until you leave . 
  you spend more money on world aid for countries like india who are spending your money building rockets . 
  regulation : nationalism , patriotism . 
  the regulations that you want to remove are the ones protecting your workers and citizens in and outside your country . 
  immigration : xenophobia . 
  i already told you why in another reply . 
  influence : like what . 
  is britain against democracy ? 
  every nation has seats the number of which is decided by their population . 
  hence as one of the most populated countries , britain has a bigger influence . 
  also tell me again how you will have more world relevance when you leave a union of 28 countries and become a lonely 1 . 
  and the scots aint gon na be too happy about you leaving the eu . 
  one of the major reasons for leaving is to stop the free movement between the uk and eu .
