  even in your country the view that you possess wont be absolutely accepted by the population , there will be people who disagree . 
  but my actual point was that sweden , bulgaria , finland , estonia , latvia , etc. 
  these small countries will be torn apart by outside influence incredibly quickly if we didnt have cooperative organisations like the eu or nato . 
  countries in scandinavia and finland have been more isolationist since ww2 ( dont know about before ) because of their strategically-unimportant locations that arent worth the trouble to conquer for what you would get . 
  but i am not sure if this will apply today with how far warfare has evolved . 
  i too am outraged they let a paedophile ring develop but a stone 's throw from mcdonalds . 
  well just tell them to imagine negotiating with russia without the eu or nato . 
  or china and since the eu wouldnt exist then germany , france , uk , poland , etc. 
  i dont know if youre making a joke or not . 
  i always feel bad for the people that have their cars burned . 
  how does insurance work in such cases ? 
   there are many independent countries that got independence legally . 
  india and pakistan , greece and turkey , israel , the list goes on . 
  greece , turkey and israel all gained it through war . 
  do you think the ottomans saw greece 's independence as legal ? 
  they lawfully had the land , which was then annexed by greece . 
  the ottomans had done the same to take that same land but from the byzantines and epirus and so on and so on . 
  israel appeared out of thin air in such an illegal way that it still has unyielding enemies 70 years later and there is no end in sight to that hostility . 
  i said a majority gained their independence or formed illegally , and even then most of the legal ones were former colonies that gained independence in the 20th century . 
   if catalonia gets independence , can barcelona then become independent from it ? 
  and can individual streets in barcelona decide to become independent from that ? 
  many people in catalonia feel like their nationality is catalan , not spanish . 
  barcelonans dont think of themselves as belonging to the nation of barcelona . 
  i personally am against nation-states but most of the world doesnt care about that notion so many believe that nations have the right to govern themselves . 
  now i think that basing a whole country on nationality is creating division while praising unity but when it comes to fictional laws like borders ( unlike say the laws of physics ) , what matters is the status quo . 
  you cant just say `` its illegal '' when its something that has such a strong precedent that half the countries in europe were created on it . 
  look , i am very strongly against any independence movement in democratic , modern countries . 
  i am against scottish independence , catalonia 's , the separation of czechoslovakia , etc. 
  but the people have the right to choose who governs them . 
  this `` independence would be illegal '' argument makes no sense since all countries that have gained independence or have formed through war have done so illegally . 
  as the catalans are less in number than the spanish there would be basically 0 % chance that they could gain independence legally which is a very rotten precedent to have for the future . 
  well although upvotes/downvoted vary differently based on the subreddit id like to think that in subreddits like r/europe they help drive the discussion and debates . 
  and i am honest enough with myself to know that i want people to agree with me haha . 
  ah , whatever . 
  tbh when i think about it i wouldnt want comments such as the ones i made in this thread to be upvoted , they just stifle the discussion . 
  now im just being a cry-baby buzz killington . 
  so why is my comment off-topic ? 
  ive had less thought-out comments ( which is tough i know ) go in the hundrends of upvotes . 
  downvote for no reason anyways right haha . 
  what utter bullshit . 
  merkel 's refugee masquerade has done more to destroy the unity within the eu than putin ever could . 
  i strongly believe in the right of these people to be independent if they want to , i also strongly believe that this would be a dumb decision which would only make their lives harder over symbolic nonsense . 
  ok fine even if i was wrong about the victim we cant pretend the riot would have happened if the attacker was not muslim and i cant comprehend why i am so heavily downvoted when it is so obvious . 
  which helps my case , but i dont think it matters anyway . 
  whats funny is that i am being so heavily downvoted because people cant accept that these people dont care about murder , otherwise they would have protested any other murder that happened in poland that year , what they care about is fighting against muslims ruining their christian values and taking over their country . 
  lol no . 
  there are dozens of murders every year in poland , and murder is never justified . 
  this is not an uncommon murder , the background of the killer could have been anything a.k.a there were no religious or ethnic motives in the murder . 
  then why riot about this murder but at the same time ignore every other murder that happens ? 
  because the attacker was muslim . 
  then you are saying there hasnt been even one muslim on muslim murder in poland for the past couple of decades ? 
  because i havent heard of any riots stemming from that . 
  come to think about it i have never heard of a polish riot where the crowd vandalises a shop over a murder with such shallow motives before . 
  such murders must have happened dozens of times in the past 20 years and nobody has ever batted an eye . 
  well all that nato would care about is how to secure that turkey remains stable and militarily with the west . 
  this could create some political tension but comparing it to greece , has nato even reacted to the greece crisis ? 
  it doesnt really relate to nato 's duties . 
  the eu sees turkey as an important economic partner , i am sure there will be humanitarian aid and so on if necessary but i would wager that financial aid like bail-outs is completely out of the question because unlike greece , turkey is not in the eu . 
  if the collapse doesnt trigger regime change and vast political changes i dont think the eu will do much more than that . 
  if what you say is true then this perfectly highlights the racial and religious problems in most of eastern europe that have been spreading to western europe as well . 
  you have a guy kill another guy in a scenario which doesnt have anything to do with religion or ethnicity and everything is ok until the killer is muslim and the victim is a pole ( i promise you no one would give a damn if the victim was muslim too , even if he was a polish muslim ) . 
  there is no way 72 % of bulgarians see russia positively when only 51 % do the same with the us , that would mean that some of them would like both which in bulgaria is impossible . 
  a 50/50 split in russia/us approval is as far as it can be and feel realistic . 
  how is this related ? 
  i mean it might have been if turkey was anywhere close to join the eu but with what the situation is now this seems like a poor attempt to push some bs agenda . 
  this is such a dumb idea . 
  just put solar panels on roofs in cities , putting them on the road is expensive and less efficient . 
  the map should show majorities between 50 and 90 % as well . 
  russians share what many eastern european nations have too ( maybe because of the socialist/communist regimes ) . 
  they care much more about the strenght of their army and the power of their diplomats than they care about their human needs like not paying the most for groceries in the whole of europe because of sanctions that their dear leader put in place . 
  if russia hadnt attacked georgia people wouldve been on south ossetia 's side . 
  but russia had to be russia and create two-states which are at best half-autonomous russian territories . 
  so i would go as far as saying that they deserve independence , from russia . 
  the topmost ornament being slightly off center is killing me lol . 
  terrorists dont bother us because we have been good enough to kill ourselves even without their help . 
  yeah god forbid we should stop segregating and warring with each other like we did in the good ol' times . 
  the problem is not multiculturalism , in fact if the muslim communities believed in multiculturalism we wouldnt have a problem . 
  the problems stems from one culture that does not accept the others , so either force them to upgrade their culture so it fits with modern europe or dont let this culture in . 
  there are many definitions of where europe ends , you are using the most liberal one as the only real one . 
  to be honest is europe even its own continent ? 
  many just say its part of the eurasian continent so one could say the borders of europe are completely fictional and based on what most people believe europe is . 
  they will be * russian * to go on vacation again . 
  ... ... ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ not ^ ^ sorry, 
  depends on which definition of europe you want to go with . 
  plus russia 's anti-west sentiment of the past 80 years has alienated them from europe so saying russia is european just doesnt sound quite right . 
  i like to think of russia as russia , neither west nor east just russia . 
  yeah i dont really agree with the turkey took what was rightfully ours argument but i commented on what i saw when i came . 
  the guy with the top comment is obviously a racist looking at the other comments in the thread . 
  i got angry the thread got to where it is now by people deciding to throw shit at each-other . 
  i dont like this argument since half the european nations arrived from asia at some point in the past including the nation that created my country . 
  the only real difference is that the turks remained muslim while everybody else became christian . 
  you are obviously racist . 
  you have no arguments all you have is unreasonable hate , why even bother commenting , dont you have a flag burning to go to ? 
  holy shit this thread . 
  guys this is r/europe can we please discuss this in a civil manner . 
  the top comment is `` cyprus will never be turkish '' what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  based on that one can completely take the side of the turkish redditors saying that r/europe is unfair towards them because of their nationality . 
  is it even necessary to say that we should not judge strangers based on the leader of their country and what that country has done in the past ? 
  murder is tragic when it happens to any side , heres hoping cyprus will be able to achieve a good outcome and that everybody will be able to continue living their lives in peace . 
  im not saying that white people are smarter but that most factions voted on emotion , white males voted exclusively for trump while minority women voted exclusively for hillary .
