  the eu is ruining that country !, 
  i know right . 
  look how the eu ruined european wars and massive inter-european scandals and made us cooperate and work together towards a more peaceful and prosperous future . 
  * sigh * world edition , european edition , wherever we go we will have serbia as a neighbour . 
  cant complain though , serbian skara is awesome . 
  yeah but i dont think they understand them . 
  they just think `` silly europeans not abusing their women '' . 
  but yeah they are extremely adverse to change thats why i said 10 % . 
  i think forcing your wife/daughter to wear a burka like [ this ] ( http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/383186/burka.jpg ) should be illegal , and giving the women some help from the authorities can help them shake off this stockholm syndrome that most of them have . 
  it can happen if you force them to change . 
  either accept the way modern society works or dont expect to be welcomed . 
  unfortunately many brits believe that forcing muslims to stop abusing their women is not pc because its their `` culture '' . 
  ban the radical black heavy burka and force new muslim immigrants to go to a weekend seminar where they teach them how to live in the western world . 
  teach them tolerance , women rights and religious freedom and even if only 10 % of them learn something it is more than nothing . 
  it is not their fault they are so backwards , they were raised this way , hate them only if they refuse to change . 
  you tell me brasil is as corrupt as bulgaria ? 
  lol good one . 
  we have corruption but there is no way it is as high as brasil . 
  yeah thats the big issue . 
  the kids of the immigrants became much more radicalised than their counterparts in their homelands . 
  in the last turkish elections the votes for erdogan were doubled in the western countries . 
  you spend a lot of money on shit and still come out with a massive surplus in your budget . 
  germany will have no issue economically covering for the migrants . 
  the problem i see with the whole crisis is letting them join our societies , they are not socially or culturally adapted to cope with all the changes easily . 
  i really dont think you would walk through belgrade safely like that . 
  maybe belgrade but not many other cities . 
  and no , women wearing skirts are not automatically raped by scavenging refugees in germany . 
  it happened in several places during nye and its awful but that doesnt mean everyday life is much more dangerous than it was a year ago . 
  yeah i think the media is completely blowing the migrant crisis out of proportion . 
  it is a crisis and there were some bad cases ( i still dont agree with the relocation policy ) but its not like the western world is ending over it as some people make it seem . 
  no they arent . 
  yes nowadays you need to stray away from refugee camps but id feel much safer in belgium than in serbia . 
  just compare police budget per capita . 
  you are correct . 
  for some reason i thought it was the parliament . 
  oh yeah i was just going with percentage you mentioned . 
  i admit i might have gone a bit too harsh on the uk the percentage difference is too small to be a true indicator . 
  care to mention any `` nonsense '' that the uk voted against ? 
  the chart represents times a country has been the losing minority . 
  so 87 % of the time the uk was in the losing minority , knowing the uk 's stance about the eu this can be attributed to them refusing to work for the eu and work for only their own sole interests a.k.a refusing to cooperate . 
  nah more like `` you do this ? 
  we do the opposite then , fuck you ! '' . 
  also comparing the uk to a victim is just wow . 
  i dont know if i should be laughing because its a very worrying trend to be this uninformed and a lot of people are falling for the `` victim '' mentality . 
  i dont know what they can do . 
  maybe force the resignation of juncker ? 
  i am not very familiar with what their options are . 
  but it is obvious the plan is not working so i hope something is done soon . 
  just because he is german doesnt mean its his decision . 
  its the commission that created the current policy . 
  conquer the nations that let in the migrants ? 
  no , not really . 
  unless you are afraid of scary romanians and bulgarians . 
  thats nothing . 
  i have no issue carrying an id card everywhere ( already do anyways ) . 
  the actual issue is the economy taking a hit over it . 
  and the actual border issue is with the eu borders not the inner borders . 
  quite amazing the two nations who have the largest majority of seats are outvoted the most . 
  it displays the system is not skewed towards the larger nations . 
  and the uk refusing to cooperate , then complain about bad democracy in the eu . 
  was `` dataimfilin '' his surname ? 
  is there no scottish and welsh identity in the uk ? 
  is there no catalan identity in spain ? 
  in the past identities have been killed by the wave of forced authoritarian nationalism that swept the world . 
  if we have a free society ( like it is today for the most part ) everybody will be able to be whomever they want to be . 
  a country or a federation doesnt need to govern only a certain nation , it is jsut the way we were raised to think it should be and in the past nationalism was a good survival and empowering trait . 
  but now that we dont want to kill each other it is just distancing us , it is not necessary anymore . 
  this is because you are stuck with thinking that every nation has to have a country which is an outdated idea and if we want humanity to progress we should scrap it . 
  you are making your life harder over nationalistic principles which have nothing to do with efficiency or the future prosperity of your country . 
  what is the difference between that and every province/city/neighbourhood / street/house wanting themselves to be governed by `` their own people '' . 
  * i am from amsterdam and wont let those hague bastards govern me * , * well fuck you im from house n34 and i declare independence *, 
  newsflash - that is how democracy works . 
  the number of seats are allocated depending on the country 's population . 
  quite fair . 
  so we have the parliament which is directly electable . 
  then the eu commission which is elected by the parliament , which i admit might need a tweak . 
  nothing we cant fix . 
  then the eu council which is composed of eu heads of state so there you go everybody elects theirs . 
  the council of europe is made up of ministers of your country which you also voted for . 
  and then its the central bank , the auditors and the court which arent and should not be directly electable institutions . 
   but if you trust our overlords and want the future to be decided by big companies that 's fine too . 
  so what , you propose anarchy ? 
  dont know how big companies are relevant as actually the eu commission has sued and fined huge corporations for not paying taxes for example . 
   oh yeah the euro made us a lot stronger ... 
  i mean it 's fine to want a strong europe , but our strength always lied in our diversity . 
  now we 're destroying that ... 
  forcing southern nations into a northern european mindset , resulting in 50 % of the youth without a job . 
  these countries need a reset every now and then , it 's how they always worked . 
  instead now we 're shipping loads of money south ... our diversity is not destroyed by a common goal and a centralised government . 
  the concept of `` a country for every nation '' is outdated and is not adequate for the modern world . 
  the eu is not forcing spaniards to drink vodka and is not forcing fins to drink wine . 
  the eu is forcing countries to be efficient which even though present in n europe does not mean its a ne mindset . 
  ( i think this is what you are talking about ? ), 
  the huge unemployment in europe is due to the financial crisis that started around 2008 . 
  unemployment has been decreasing steadily for years now and with recent data a reasonable prediction would be that we will have the pre-08 level of unemployment during 2017 . 
   we 'll never have the cheap workforce of china ( although continuing at this rate of import and we might very well be able to compete in 20-30 years when everybody is poor ) , and a government that can steer that well ( although that 's where you want to go ) ... we also do n't have the natural resources of russia . 
  we can have cheap workforce in a year if we wanted to . 
  just remove any type of safety , environmental , etc regulations , ban unions and remove the minimal wage . 
  not exactly working for the people now is it . 
  how is everybody going to be poor in 20-30 years when the eu has been growing very well in the past several years .
