  bulgaria has a lot of problems . 
  not to mention we have a bigger minority within us than sweden that doesnt wish to integrate . 
  now as a conclusion id like to say that i generally really dislike when people go off complaining about the state of the country because in reality the people in bulgaria have never had it better . 
  but imo you got ta be realistic about the present and optimistic about the future . 
  lets not forget that the polish people elected pis . 
  r/europe would be nothing more than the recurring shitpost threads if it wasnt for the politics . 
  `` irrelevant '' ? 
  you do know that if france elects le pen and they become best buddies with russia your country will be in for trouble ? 
  this election may be more relevant for the future of estonia than estonia 's . 
  i wish we had sweden 's problems instead of ours . 
  we have a pro-russian president who is against the sanctions and a big possibility to have a pro-russian government elected this month who is also going to be against the sanctions . 
  eu please ignore us for the next 4 or so years , cheers . 
  well actually its the opposite of what im saying . 
  look i dont want to pretend that i understand the medieval history of belgrade * but * from what i know and from what i quickly researched during this debate of ours belgrade was basically a border check-point that bulgaria wanted to hold for strategic purposes against hungary . 
  i dont think belgrade has ever had a bulgarian majority or that bulgaria enforced much more than basic administration and taxation there . 
  if you have any evidence to the contrary i would welcome it because this is actually been a very interesting topic for me and i would like to know more . 
  but to me at least it seems as though you are going on nothing more than , no offence , preconceived notions . 
  and believe me i would love for you to prove me wrong as i said i have definitely developed an interest in this , i mean i have always been interested in bulgaria and its history and i think our education certainly lacks detail when it comes to this period ( we fucking had a [ mongol tsar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chaka_of_bulgaria ) why the fuck did n't i know that before ? ) . 
  so yeah if you have any proof or sources that back up what you are saying i would love to take a look . 
  yes but bulgaria only captured belgrade under krum at the start of the 9th century and lost it at the start of the 11th . 
  so i was wrong to say it was closer to 150 but even if its closer to 200 years it doesnt make much of a difference . 
  especially since belgrade wasnt bulgarian from say 1014-1016 till 1221 when ivan asen i controlled it for 25 years after which the hungarians took it back . 
  after that belgrade was a conflict ground between hungary and bulgaria both sides lost it and recovered it several times with bulgaria securely having it last around the time of terter i at the end of the 13th century . 
  so to sum up bulgaria had belgrade for 200 years , then lost it for 200 years then had it on and off for a combined total of maybe 50 years . 
  saying belgrade was essentially bulgarian during the medieval ages because bulgaria controlled it on and off for 250 years with very long pauses in between when the middle ages spanned for some 10 centuries is imo wrong . 
  tbh this was during the last moments of the first bulgarian empire . 
  in its final moments the byzantines slowly conquered it in a counter-clockwise motion that took them about 15 years so thats why only the inner parts remain here . 
  oddly enough the last capital of the first bulgarian empire was ohrid . 
  i wouldnt say that . 
  nis maybe but belgrade was bulgarian for maybe a bit more than 150 years and was at the utmost border of the country so i wouldnt call belgrade essentially bulgarian . 
  scandinavia and finland are special snowflakes though . 
  i think its because you guys are so far up north with such difficult terrain and climate that the enemy will have to spend an extraordinary amount of resources just to create a campaign . 
  you at least are a part of nato but i dont get sweden and finland . 
  no matter how well prepared you guys are you are basically just one saint petersburg each ( sweden is a moscow ) in population . 
  so i guess that what i am trying to say is that while maybe you need to spend more in the end all us democratic peaceful nations need to band together to whether the storm because no matter what only the biggest nato members will be able to take on say russia one on one . 
  actually although tsar comes from caesar the first tsar was tsar simeon i of bulgaria . 
  fun fact the last tsar to rule a country was also bulgarian - simeon ii who became bulgaria 's prime-minister from 2001 to 2005 . 
  yeah my mistake . 
  well but 100 billion is not that much when you are talking about the whole of european nato especially if you include turkey we are talking about a gdp of over $ 20 trillion . 
  all i am saying is that having reliable defence is important but you should be reasonable in how much you spend because that money will have a much better impact on the country if you spent it on almost any other sector if not all . 
  so i think we have 2 options here . 
  either we call out the 2 % as unreasonable and negotiate a different percentage or we go for it . 
  of course having a eu army would be cause to completely reevaluate our needs as a continent because many of the redundancies would be removed and the eu would probably need to spend less money on defence than we are spending separately currently . 
  yeah it is , its throwing money in a hole that brings no return on investment and brings no benefit to the people unless there is a war . 
  ** but ** 2 % isnt a large part of gdp like at all . 
  its reasonable to develop your war complex in peacetime and to drive up production and spending when the political climate worsens . 
  so imho 2 % isnt unreasonable but neither is spending 1/3 of your budget on your military like the us does . 
  i think this is because military budgets have remained largely unchanged since 1990 while the economies have grown . 
  so germany still spends the amount they did on military but their economy is roughly twice as large plus the reunification . 
  bulgaria joined in march thinking '' 2 lost wars and universal hate towards us but we will finally win a war and get macedonia '' december 7th 1941 - `` oh ... '' 2nd of february 1943 - `` oh fuck ... '' 9th of september 1944 - `` ok we surrender '' soviet union - `` here have some communism . '', 
  1944-1997 - `` fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck '', 
  you monster . 
  more like cheekyagendapushing amiright . 
  \u0410\u0439\u043b\u044f\u043a [ aylyak pronounced i-lyack ] which basically is the art of being blissful when unemployed . 
  the guy said europe is anti-idiot so we are clearly not going to be supporting pro-brexit threads . 
  jokes on you , in 20 years when le pen wins the elections she will bribe us with the lands we lost so we would join her side of the world war she will start . 
  oh boy i cant wait for us to create a balkan league again only to betray them when first possible !, 
  that ... that kinda sounds like a threat . 
  tony !, 
  toni !, 
  nah its populism losing support sub . 
  if i am not mistaken though missile shields are much more complex and expensive than some basic rocket system and with russia 's tourism record its not even questionable whether or not russia 's neighbours should be better prepared . 
  you 're building a defensive rocket shield ? 
  why would you ever do this we are not violent !, 
  remove it or we will respond with the full might of russia 's military . 
   saying that men are stronger than women is n't sexists , demand that they should get less paid in general for that is sexist . 
  if one worker handles 20 % less material than another would you not think its fair to pay him 20 % less ? 
  i think its shallow when companies think like that but it makes fiscal sense and imo a company 's sole duty is to make money . 
  its the government 's job to regulate how they do it . 
  so i dont think its sexist to pay better workers more and worse workers less even though it may affect women negatively in some fields . 
  if a 2-tier europe means that pro-federalisation countries can go ahead then i say go for it . 
  especially if a 1-tier europe never gets to go for it . 
  for me conscription is equal to sending innocent people to jail . 
  no matter how much you compensate them its not worth losing your freedom . 
  i just hope people arent in it for the money . 
  the true benefit of the eu is unity and co-operation towards a better future for europe . 
  people tend to forget who gave you the money and what for after a while * cough * pis * cough * . 
  voluntary membership does not equal `` yall are yugoslavia now '' . 
  if i were scottish i would not leave the uk without some guaranty that the eu is headed for federalisation . 
  i think it would be more beneficial for scotland to stay with the uk than with the eu for the time being since they are already part of a federal union ( yes i know its a devolved state but the only difference is in the membership revocation law ) . 
  chances are every time somebody hurts somebody the attacker was a terrorist . 
  in the article it said it was due to higher mortality rates in males which is felt stronger in e-europe due to worse working conditions and lifestyles . 
  people on reddit really dislike skyscrapers but fuck do i love them . 
  i completely agree with you that the country needs to prioritise on growing the other regions and actually most of my friends do too . 
  of course there are people who are like '' why should my tax money go for those turks and seljani '' while choosing to forget how sofia came to be or how we are on the same team and a stronger countryside is a stronger country and therefore sofia . 
  so imo the people are changing as well as the government , i mean varna and plovdiv have had a proportionately better growth than sofia for the past several years but do note that reversing the damage done will take a lot of work and a lot of time , even if everything is done well . 
  well the city does have its gems here and there , sofia university for example , the national library , the national theatre etc. 
  but the city planning was and still is very poor and there is an atmosphere that everything was kinda forced like vitoshka is just a forced parody of a naturally developed main street . 
  imo the only way the city is going to become beautiful is if they start re-organising and re-building the bland buildings and neighbourhoods in the city center around the landmarks that i mentioned but that probably wont ever happen . 
  sofia native here and i got ta agree . 
  but honestly what do you expect when you build up a city from basically nothing and make it your country 's cultural , financial and government 's capital . 
  i get that they chose it for the central location if bulgaria had managed to get macedonia but even then plovdiv would have been much better . 
  what is a cycling ? 
   the eu as been improving economically for some countries and for some ideological groups . 
  economic growth is not subjective its the same growth for all ideological groups . 
  plus `` some '' is the wrong word here since most of the countries are growing except for the ones that were hit the hardest by the 2008 crisis and then theres italy which is in its own little hell . 
  all countries took a hit in 2008 only poland didnt have recession so thats why its rather hard to comment on the economy of the developed eu countries when comparing today with 10 years ago . 
  but apart for the crisis all the figures have been going well for everybody apart from say greece which did actually grow in 2016 and projections are stating the same for 2017 . 
  which is weird because the eu is continually improving economically . 
  i think its because people pay more attention to the current problems and forget about the ones that have been solved .
