  i am very skeptical that these migrants would do the same . 
  they will just drain our welfare without contributing . 
  this is why i dont understand why we are allowing them to basically become citizens . 
  if they are refugees place them in camps and provide them with their basic necessities until the war is over . 
  i mean look at some of the muslim immigrants ' children . 
  some of them are more radical than their counterparts in their home countries . 
  and we are talking about accepting hundreds of times more of them into our societies . 
  you are correct . 
  i thought we had a better fertility rate . 
  no thats bulgaria without censorship . 
  vmro though is very nationalistic and racist . 
  i put them in the same boat as attack . 
  we dont really need more incentives for having kids . 
  birth rates are fine . 
  we need more educational reforms especially targeted at discouraging immigrating to the west . 
  because for 90 % of people , it doesnt end up being worth it . 
   then we go on without a ~ ~ backwards ~ ~ government, 
  economic left/right : -5.0 social libertarian/authoritarian : -4.56, 
  yeah we studied about them in school for a brief time and they periodically appear on the news when the religious/traditional holidays come around . 
  ( comparing how they celebrate differently ) . 
  i didnt know they were pro-russian and i havent heard of any official statements made by our government . 
  we were offering the macedonians passports if they could prove their bulgarian heritage a while ago and it was quite easy to get one , i do not think we had the same program for the odessa bulgarians . 
  american contras trying to destroy the communist regime probably . 
  pretty standard for those days . 
  its almost like being a refugee is about finding refuge and not immigrating for financial incentives . 
  if you have more of those educated hardworking refugees send them south , haha . 
  ^ ^ ^ please, 
  wait you mean these refugees stopped in romania ?!, 
  wtf man you know you 've got ta try for central europe at least ... 
  austria accepted them as well . 
  less than 0.5 % decided to stay . 
  they are constantly causing trouble . 
  for example , http://indavideo.hu/video/itt_a_magyarazat_a_bicskei_kepekre?utm_source=flash&amp;utm_medium=watchoninda&amp;utm_campaign=videoplayer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wt8zvuwhwa http://www.nieuwsblad.be/cnt/dmf20150903_01848324 and these are only from the / r/europe frontpage today . 
  they straight out ** refuse ** to be rescued anywhere else but germany . 
  they come in the hundred thousands and expect to receive the best possible accommodations . 
  if they were fleeing for their lives they wouldnt be refusing asylum in countries like belgium , austria , etc. 
  not only are we giving them asylum we have to deal with all of their desires . 
  i feel very sorry for them , and i wish they had a better life , but these people will cause only trouble and we cant feed all of them , and we will have to . 
  they will refuse to follow our laws and freedoms . 
  just look at what happened to some of paris 's suburbs . 
  some streets look like a bloody african village . 
  i was there this summer . 
  there were women washing their clothes in the dirty water flowing next to the pavement . 
  we should not let them into our society , they will ruin it . 
  that is why i want the eu to do what the australians did . 
  put them in camps , give them refuge , food , water all lively requirements and thats it . 
  why do we suddenly have to accept at the end of this probably millions of people who will refuse to accept us . 
  i want to help these people , even if they are not genuine refugees , but without giving them whatever they want . 
  onto victory and prosperity my slavic brother !, 
  not all of them are in . 
  and they wont stop coming for a long while . 
  but i do agree with you on the quota . 
  it is only fair that every nation does their part . 
  and here i am in bulgaria . 
  where being gay gets you approved for an ass kicking . 
  * sigh *, 
  everything is politics . 
  it is not `` just '' a military exercise . 
  it shows that serbia still sees russia as an ally . 
  of course that troubles the eu . 
  it is a minor incident though and people are overthinking it . 
  disregarding the article how dumb does `` slavic brotherhood 2015 '' sound ? 
  so communistic . 
  is it the second half of the 20th century again ? 
   scothland isnt independent . 
  we are . 
  we have been for 900 years , not since last century . 
  we are in the eu because everyone deemed it mutual beneficial . 
  if we are in the eu to do what other people tell us to and suck it up , its time to turn around . 
  you didnt get what i meant . 
  can you imagine if every town created its own country because it wanted better representation ? 
   pretty much every agricultural and industrial law that comes out of the eu fucks with our small productive companies . 
  witch make us invest way above our heads to comply to them , witch makes us borrow money that we will never be able to pay . 
  uhm no . 
  yes there are laws that make it harder for smaller companies to compete but only because the eu opens international borders for easier trade . 
  if you didnt get all the bonuses from being in the eu you would lose much much much more than smaller companies having more competition . 
  ( im not understanding correctly that you dislike eu 's food safety laws right ? 
  because that would be dumb . ), 
  i dont know i hope you are not saying all these things because of nationalistic and patriotic reasons . 
  wow ... so many wrong things . 
  how sorry can you be for being white ? 
  dont let them in ... why must we let them in ? 
  we let them in they wont stop coming and it is already showing they are not precisely model citizens . 
  i honestly cant believe that its been a year since the whole thing started and we havent fixed the issue . 
  also why are we letting these people in ? 
  they are not refugees . 
  they just want to live in germany , that is why nowhere else is good enough for them . 
  i expected us to fix the issue the australian way , we cant provide for all these people , we need to discourage them so they stop coming . 
  you do know that syria and russia are old buddies , right ? 
  any move the usa made regarding syria has always been met with criticism from the whole world because they are `` imperialistic pigs '' . 
  sending troops to syria would have created a fucking political crisis , so they do what they can , they bomb the shit out of isis . 
  also i hate how everybody thinks its our duty to help everybody out . 
  why help syria ? 
  in the end they are going to remain a dictatorship and i cant imagine what assad will do to the towns that rebelled . 
  unless we conquer the country and establish a lasting government i dont see an end to syria 's misery . 
  you misinterpret what he meant . 
  he doesnt mean quality or volume of history . 
  he is talking about the atrocities they have committed and the way they have disregarded human life in the past be it their countrymen 's or not . 
  also their warmongering . 
  definitely the warmongering too .
