  well i am against inner-european borders . 
  the issue was ( still is ) only a problem in countries like greece , italy , france and spain because protecting sea borders is much more difficult . 
  in fact most of the migrants who get there are saved by the border police from drowning . 
  there are 2 things that made the refugee crisis what it is today imho - germany and austria opening their borders ( and hungary 's borders ) letting in almost a million refugees at once which resulted in many more migrants leaving their countries for the chance to live in germany and 2 - resetting migrants into the eu instead of using the proven to work australian method of picking an offshore camp ( s ) and sending all the refugees there for processing their asylum claims . 
  inner european borders were only necessary once merkel let in all the refugees . 
  problem is most polish and irish people see a total abortion law as a fundamental law of god . 
  that wont go over well especially in poland with nationalism on the rise , though i agree with you . 
  meh , politicians are human too . 
  foreign aid is just used for bribes and political leverage . 
  the moment afghanistan thinks of stopping the flights or doing something to anger western governments the money flow will stop and half the country will collapse . 
  the moral thing would have been never accepting the migrants in the first place . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  its just frustrating seeing people blame the euro for stubbing their toe . 
  i agreed with your benefits and negatives hence why i compared the eu to the us because they experience at least the same negatives and i think the only difference is that people attribute more significance to them in europe because we are separate countries . 
  be that as it may , this is reddit so it is generally accepted to make casual assumptions . 
  its just painful when they get to a ridiculous level like in this thread . 
  if the negatives outweighed the benefits then countries like the us would have collapsed already instead of having the most stable and powerful currency in the world . 
  a common currency makes financial sense , it just doesnt stroke everybody 's nationalistic desires . 
  thats ... weird . 
  its funny because its so much bullshit you couldnt have possibly meant it seriously . 
  hahaha . 
  it also made your team not qualify for the euro championship and shot down the plane over ukraine . 
  how has it fucked you up lol . 
  `` fucking euro giving is better deals on loans and us abusing it into the ground fucking up our economy . '', 
  if it is a fuck up its because of countries like spain and greece . 
  thats not true at all . 
  what stopped the negotiations is that the eu said there would be no backing down on the eu regulations . 
  it is uncertain that merkel will be chancellor by the time brexit happens . 
  further more it is highly unlikely that merkel will stand with may and clinton if the us blew off their relationship with the eu in order to gain points with the much less opportune relationship with the uk which is also a move that i think clinton is not going to make for the symbolism of it . 
  when the uk 's best hope is that trump gets elected ... 
  nah some of them were wanted even before they got fake passports and entered europe again through the migrant channels . 
  not surprised , with the military park they are building its obviously putin is raising his putin youth . 
  this is what im talking about , its the mandatory thing that i dislike . 
  i see nothing wrong with people volunteering but mandatory conscription is like imprisoning people . 
  you tellin me the situation for people in sweden if this gets passed will be either 1-drafted 2-prison based on refusal to serve 3-unemployment ? 
  if that is true then you have much bigger issues that you need to figure out rather than depriving your young of freedom . 
  i lived in bucharest for almost a year and i got ta say , trying to not take sides , sofia is better for living . 
  bucharest is a clusterfuck of a city that grew way too fast . 
  sofia is the same but much more effort has been put in the past 10 or so years . 
  bucharest has much more culture and cool places though , the center is more beautiful and there is a wider variety of shops and things to do . 
  congratulation to the winners who get to postpone their life while their peers enjoy sweet sweet freedom . 
  yeah you are right because its not the case in croatia/slovenia and even romania . 
  i got carried away . 
  just didnt like op 's comment and was talking about serbia rather than croatia . 
  til theres no ethnic tensions in the balkans / s, 
  much kompleksar . 
  conducted by a handful of immigrants compared to institutionalised ethnic and nationalistic hate shared by a majority of the nations . 
  we do have spain who also speak mexican . 
  this is weirdly uncomfortable for me . 
  pretty cool . 
  nah they used west-sponsored , new high-tech , homo-sex inspired fighters . 
  ukraine did it . 
  eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind . 
  if we never let anything from the past go we will be killing each other until the end of humanity . 
  there is no country in eastern europe that can even put up a resistance vs turkey except poland and even they have like half the size of the army and budget . 
  they can stroll all the way to germany if ee doesnt unite to fight them . 
  yeah still powerful enough to destabilise eastern europe . 
  yeah because i am not dumb enough to base my country 's present and future foreign relations on 9 years which happened almost a century ago . 
  plus my country wont survive on its own and eastern europe is too small , divided and poor to be able to do much even if we somehow made such a deal . 
  hence why we need a european army . 
  we cant depend on the us forever . 
  yet its not the big countries that most need a united military . 
  most of eastern europe wont be able to do shit if russia and turkey decided they wanted to strip them down , militarily or not , those countries wont survive without the eu and a united military . 
  and its in the western european countries interest not to let ee fall and let russia 's influence grow . 
  so better to be dependent on us military intervention rather than be able to defend ourselves ? 
  where is the logic here ? 
  you want proof that there is corruption and strong organised crime in our countries ? 
  he is overblowing it way too much . 
  but he does have a point . 
  organised crime is still big in both romania and bulgaria even though romania has been doing very well in battling it lately . 
  our countries have such big issues with corruption because it had the opportunity to enter our most essential institutions during the `` lawless years '' in the 90s . 
  why doesnt bulgaria do something about its corrupt police and non-existent anti-corruption agency ? 
  its not because we are too lazy , its because its life threatening and you need someone who knows no fear like the people who started romania 's anti-corruption agency . 
  the goal of an anarchist is to have a government-less country , the country imposing more regulations would be the opposite of what an anarchist would want . 
  romania has like 5 times the population . 
  would be rather disappointing if it just now overtook croatia in nominal gdp . 
  that is much much much more impressive . 
  an anarchist celebrating bigger government , well ill be damned . 
  it comes from turkish as per usual with such things . 
  i think they call it kiopoglu or something similar . 
  thats not what op is talking about though . 
  zakuska just means breakfast here haha . 
  is ajvar just kiopoolu with more peppers ? 
  my family just cooked and jarred like 30kg of peppers plus some aubergines just to have a fresh source of lutenica and kiopoolu for the winter . 
  i really dont want to live in a homogeneous population though . 
  i want to be able to live with and have friends from all over europe . 
  whats the point in living in one of the most culturally diverse places in the world only to segregate ourselves into our tiny communities and never experience each other 's cultures . 
  some people are just trying to find what they can be offended by . 
  pro-eu comment in a migrant thread ? 
  you brave poor soul . 
  i agree with you that the eu members should share the burden but i disagree that the migrants should be settled amongst us . 
  [ reminded me of this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/stimmzettel-anschluss.jpg ), 
  people tend to stay where they were born no matter how horrible the situation in those places is . 
  im rather sceptical there will be a heavy exodus of nationals , imho the exodus will come from international companies . 
  hence political parties should be abolished and the pm should be elected separately . 
  i like the uk system because at least on paper every constituency gets the representative that a majority of them want . 
  and the problem you explained does hinder the idea behind it . 
  and our work place !, 
  i actually like the uk voting system . 
  imho its the perfect direct democracy system .
