we have quite a bit of muslims in bulgaria and they are peaceful , functioning citizens . 
  i dont think islam is the problem but the level of fanaticism amongst middle eastern peoples . 
  as long as they know state  chuch and dont want to enforce sharia law i have no issue with muslim migrants . 
  its hard finding those kind of migrants though . 
  but that is more of a humanitarian issue and no one can question the uk for that . 
  what i 'm talking about is politics . 
  and how seemingly every time the eu tries to institute a law the uk is on the side line screaming bloody murder . 
  then instead of refusing to cooperate do something . 
  i swear everyone is blaming germany for europe but who else is actually trying to do shit instead of quarreling . 
  i always hear merkel this merkel that , well fuck she is not the eu 's sole representative . 
  nobody else just wants to get in the midst of things to save political capital . 
  our looks fucking ugly . 
  islam was actually the beacon of scientific discovery during the middle ages . 
  when you have people saying youre racist for not wanting middle-eastern and african immigrants to freely walk into europe you kinda expect people to go to the other side of the extremity spectrum to counter them . 
  from let everybody in to let no one in . 
  both sides are equally incorrect . 
  something similar should have happened a year ago . 
  ^ found why ukip is a thing in the uk . 
  i am all for helping refugees . 
  but any immigrants coming in using false pretenses can get the fuck out . 
  in those countries the situation is different and the man/female relationship is more primal . 
  men are responsible to feed their family and defend them . 
  women are responsible for the children , the home and serving their husband . 
  when it comes to western countries i agree with you . 
  it seems as though we are collectively helping the women to get out of their place in the relationship , by giving them the choice to do whatever they want , but at the same time men are left with the same duties . 
  we are still viewed down upon if we cant single handedly provide for our family and are still the ones who get conscripted and sent to war . 
  im not sure if i want that trade . 
  on one hand we gain a shit tonne of land , on the other russia will take it from us . 
  also we lose our warm beaches and snowy mountains so i guess we are going back . 
  nah not really . 
  sometimes a police officer will ask you for a bribe ( which has never happened to me personally but have had friends tell me it happened to them ) and the rest i hear are rumors . 
  it is the same as in romania , even though they are starting to clean up now . 
  recently they arrested the mayor of bucharest for accepting a bribe and i am very certain that the same happens in bulgaria . 
  regarding the mafia , ive never seen anything or heard about anyone being affected by it . 
  it almost seems like a legend everybody knows and talks about and nothing ever happens except for some legend-like stories . 
  i 've personally never been affected by corruption and neither has anyone in my family for the last 10 or so years . 
  you could say though that the mafia was running the country in the years after the socialist regime fell ( till the late 90s ) so maybe thats where the saying comes from . 
  but yeah for efficiency and functionality i think its obvious the state is being hindered by corruption here and there but not as much as to render the country dysfunctional . 
  overall the country has seen massive improvements over the last decade and i am very optimistic about the future . 
  especially if we roll up our sleeves and start kicking the corruption 's ass more effectively like romania . 
  i hope the novel i wrote answered your questions :d . 
  hahaha ^ haaha ^ hahhaa ^ hahaha ^ pleasehelpus, 
  smaller countries wont survive though . 
  look at what happened in germany and italy before the unification . 
  they were weak , fighting with each other and at the end realized the necessity for unification . 
  in a peaceful world i would agree with you . 
  but the small guys will always be pushed around by the big dogs . 
  and africa will always be poor and filled with inner wars and conflicts . 
  i honestly dont think they can create a working , peaceful and developed society on their own . 
  i do . 
  i want a world government . 
  i see it as the only way we stop war and hunger . 
  an absolute fact is that the eu has stated multiple times that if catalonia becomes independent they will not be in the eu anymore and ties would be cut.whatever happens the economy will take a hit . 
  and i am sprouting my ideas as absolute facts because i think they are . 
  i mean that is why we are here discussing things . 
  prove me wrong and ill change my stance . 
  and my opinion is that independence is not worth the hardships the people will have to bare to sustain it . 
  if you think otherwise id love to hear your point . 
  but saying `` maybe it will be cool '' is unacceptable when so much is at stake . 
  i kinda wish one of the independence movements became successful so people could see how awful it would be . 
  yes and i didnt agree with the scottish reasons for independence as well . 
  their main argument was that they were not getting a fair representation . 
  well when you have 15 % of the population of the country do you deserve to get the same representation volume-wise as the other 85 % ? 
  i do know what they mean that maybe they feel forgotten by the government but these issues are fixed on a national level . 
  independence is a massive overkill and gaining it just for that is crazy . 
  see if europe federalizes i see no problem with the regions you mentioned being administrative areas or whatever . 
  because then it wouldnt cause an economical and political foul . 
  yes redefining it and making it simpler and more efficient for the citizens . 
  putting another border in europe is definitely not going to make things simpler or economically better for anybody . 
  in the developed countries i really dont see a reason to fight for independence . 
  i see a prosperous future in unity and working together not rehashing international political issues . 
  because they are in the same country . 
  look at the uk . 
  just because you come from different nations doesnt mean you need to be selfish and think of only yourself . 
  a stronger scotland is a stronger wales and england , etc. 
  and so is the same in spain . 
  i am very pro-eu where did you get that from ? 
  i meant that gaining independence just for patriotic and nationalistic reasons in modern day europe is not a good idea . 
   primarily , because i do n't feel spanish . 
  this alone should be enough to draw a border : the current logic is to keep the ones created by wars and imperialism centuries ago . 
  if all current borders were wiped and we were to decide where we draw our administrative borders , would n't this indeed be the only valid criteria ? 
  that is so wrong . 
  this is the worst reason to gain independence in the modern world . 
  please move away from the 19th century 's definition of `` country '' . 
  also your points about the spanish government mistreating you are bs as well . 
  do you get arrested for carrying your flag ? 
  do you get thrown in prison for identifying yourself as catalan ? 
  spain has so many inner national movements that if all of them succeeded the country would totally collapse . 
  that is why the government cant politically acknowledge every protest . 
   economy wise , it 's just a constant feeling that we are being administered by a government for which we are a very , very low priority and therefore we just ca n't play the real economy game on a world scale which we should be doing given our actual economy level this point i 've never understood how people can hold valid . 
  the government 's highest priority is to make everybody 's life better . 
  are you such an egoist that you do not want to help the country 's poorer regions ? 
  do you not understand that with their economical ascending you would gain as well ? 
  are you actually thinking that your economy would be better when you leave the eu , the eurozone and every other economic european agreement . 
  just think of all the trade restrictions you would have just trading with spain . 
  independence will not make your life easier , it will make it harder only to uphold some 19th century definition of nation . 
  i personally am not against accepting the migrants into our societies because i am a xenophobe . 
  i dont see the majority of them accepting us . 
  they will continue living the same life they had in africa . 
  polish immigrants are working people who pay their taxes .
