  and being part of their religions doesnt matter either , since christianity also has some very sexist teachings but we have learned to not follow the teachings that dont suit modern society . 
  therefore multiculturalism is not the issue , the issue is letting some people live in the dark ages because its `` their culture '' . nationalism is not needed to fix this , just some common sense . 
  so why do you need nationalism to protect you from a scottish kilt or a turkish kebab . 
  one thing is making burkas illegal , another is making lithuania 's national dress illegal . 
  its always europe because we expect better and also because we live here . 
  i doubt you read east asian newspapers and i very much doubt anybody from asia cares or knows if europeans are racist or not . 
  i dont care about asia , i do however care about europe . 
  and many europeans are very racist . 
  poland and most if not all eastern european nations hate the migrants simply because a majority of them are muslim . 
  thats not really racism but it is harmful prejudice towards people because of their religion . 
  and thats awful . 
  i dont say they are wrong to dislike the migrants from say afghanistan . 
  but many do not hate them because they are uneducated or wont be able to cope with a modern society but because they are muslims and they will `` ruin their culture '' . 
  or even as i have heard from many people it is because they are `` dirty animals who will come and rape our children '' . 
  now how is that an acceptable position . 
  and how is nationalism not building upon that type of thinking . 
  i think being proud of being of a certain nationality is illogical . 
  same with being proud about what your country has done in the past . 
  how can you be proud that your country won that battle 100 years before you were born . 
  i understand being proud your government did something smart if * you * voted for it but otherwise you have n't contributed anything . 
  so what , now you are proud you randomly spawned at this precise geographical location and had it been 100km to one side you wouldve been proud to be another country 's national . 
  that makes no sense . 
  its like being proud you are black or white or whatever variation of brown i am . 
  it is what it is . 
  appreciate your culture and other people 's cultures ( i personally really enjoy learnign about other peoples ' ) but dont be proud or ashamed of something you had no control over , or had no part in creating . 
  and why does it always have to be one or the other . 
  why do liberals have to be pro-migrants and conservatives racist . 
  i am a big anti-nationalist and i do not support how the migrant crisis is being handled . 
  its like people put a label on themselves and change their whole personality in order to fit in . 
  and thats also why i dislike nationalism . 
  because many nationalists refuse to reasonably assess an issue and just assume the stance that most strokes their nationalistic boner . 
  like russia right now . 
  its like their economy running into the ground is no big deal because they have annexed crimea even though their lives are and will continue being worse off because of it . 
  i like that we are including macedonia and albania #startedfromthebottom, 
  you are confusing ttip with tpp . 
  bulgaria 's infrastructure has been upgraded quite heavily in the past 5-6 years . 
  still a lot of work to do but there is no comparison between now and 2008 . 
  yeah it could , doesnt mean we shouldnt prepare for it . 
  and with facts , logic , economic laws , etc. , empirical reasoning really , we can best and most accurately predict the outcome of what we do today . 
  you buy goods from china . 
  if you choose not to join the economic union then you will still trade with the eu and the rest of the world . 
  trading with europe will be less inexpensive and less convenient though and that is where the economic drawbacks will occur . 
  i say less inexpensive and not more expensive to highlight that the eu is not forcing the uk to pay more as some sort of payback , it is just how things work , the eu is a massive collection of international treaties that are very complex and would be vastly more difficult to create would it not for the eu . 
  you will still be able to trade with whomever you want , but trading with the eu will be less inexpensive and less convenient , which for a nation which has at least 47 % of its trade with the eu and is a business country it could be quite devastating . 
  of course you can , thats what the uk will do if you vote to leave . 
  but being part of the economic union you will still have to abide by the eu 's rules on many things , such as freedom of movement like norway and even switzerland who may be able to put a cap on the amount of immigrants they will accept . 
  and of course the fees will still apply because they are necessary to keep the union functional . 
  so basically you will lose your power within the eu but the eu will not be able to enforce laws on you for some things , but if you want a norway-type relationship then you will still have to abide to some things the eu enforces on you but have no control over them , like you have now . 
  the deal david cameron secured for the uk is honestly very good . 
  with that deal in place i see no logical reason for you to leave . 
  but not securing at least a majority of the economic treaties that you now have with the eu will be a big hit to the uk economy , and from a financial stand point i dont see a scenario where you are not forced to have to join the economic union the norway-esque way . 
  aye but if you want to be a part of the single market , which you will , you will be paying the same if not more fees . 
  just leaving the eu and re-instating all treaties will be a `` cost '' . 
  leaving all eu economic institutions permanently will be an economic disaster for the uk . 
  i am certain that you wont find a credible source that states that leaving all eu treaties will not be a significant hit to the uk economy . 
  many are saying that just re-instating all the treaties and all the time wasted will be a very significant cost in itself . 
  and no right now you have your rebate that gives you 66 % of the difference between what you give and what is given to you . 
  you lose that when you leave . 
  currently you pay less per-capita than many countries , including norway . 
  they are , but they will want to join the single market as soon as possible or as i said it will be an economic disaster . 
  because if the uk leaves they will want to be part of the eu market again and part of most eu economic treaties ( if not brexit would be a financial disaster for the uk , whatever happens the eu is still at least 47 % of the uk 's trade ) which will force them to accept freedom of movement and pay taxes to the eu , the same way norway does but have no influence on how the eu is run . 
  so the only reason for the uk leaving the eu is to gain a symbolic achievement that is realistically meaningless and will not make the life of the average brit better . 
  i wish the brits colonised us and built up our industry , trade and infrastructure in exchange for moneys . 
  same with bulgaria , were never included in southern europe but i think south-eastern europe is quite fitting . 
  eastern europe makes me think of poland and russia which are more northern impersonal nations , while we bulgarians are the type of nation that screams at each other in restaurants . 
  also we do have some mediterranean climate in the south where our tobacco is grown . 
  nah dude its definitely [ these ones ] ( https://tobulgaria.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/druzhba.jpg?w=604&amp;h=270&amp;crop=1 ) because there are no restrictions , people were allowed to isolate their apartments in any color they wanted . 
  resulting in some buildings looking like a brazilian favela . 
  i am on reddit every day and i love politics . 
  hence why i remember a similar news article about the usa being on the front page of worldnews while this is the first one i see about russia . 
  it is possible i missed one but i am pretty sure the response hasnt been comparative . 
  i think people let some things russia does slide because you know , they are russia so nobody expects them to be more responsible and humanistic . 
  this is the first time im hearing about this . 
  compared to the response the us got this is nothing . 
  a 63 upvotes thread i found on the second page of r/europe . 
  it will be an issue until the war in syria ends and will be remembered for a while afterwards . 
  5 could happen but thats saying the war ends within 2-3 years . 
  the collapse of the soviet union will be remembered for hundreds of years due to it ending a string of events from ww1 when it was born to ww2 when it became a super power and had a 50 year cold war that separated the world in 2 until its collapse caused by economic exhaustion . 
  a collapse of russia can be very historically important too . 
  and most of the migrants will be returned home after the war ends , the same way it happened with bosnia and the bosnian refugees in germany . 
  at the end of the war unless you speak the language and have a pretty good job you will be deported back . 
  they are the only clear winner if it happens . 
  so how come people are so critical of the us when they hit a hospital by mistake but nobody says anything when the russians do it on purpose ? 
  what is the difference between todays politicians and the ones from he past ? 
  today 's ones dont start enough wars and conflicts ? 
  what you want is a strong politician/leader like churchill or bismark , those kinds of leaders only appear when shit has hit the fan or is about to . 
  also i think today 's europe is much better than the one 100 years ago or 20 years ago , politicians did that . 
  i think they have done a damn good job . 
  so i dont agree with you that today 's politicians are spineless or out of depth . 
  compared to the politicians/kings/heads of state from before that caused numerous wars and a couple a global ones . 
  ill take my boring politicians thank you . 
  merkel over hitler any day of the week . 
  today 's europe is super uneventful compared to the past . 
  migrant crisis ? 
  we wont remember that happened in 20 years . 
  russia invading georgia and ukraine ? 
  nothing that hasnt happened in the past , and now its on a much smaller scale . 
  only maybe putin can be remembered as the guy who drove the russian economy to collapse but this will take a few years before it happens fully . 
  damn good job romania . 
  i see a lot of police presence in bucharest , they are absolutely everywhere .
