  the kid did something bad , who did , it did . 
  i dont know . 
  my brain hurts , please someone help . 
  romania by far . 
  serbia is too obsessed with russia and are not in the eu , we differ on many political issues . 
  macedonia , even though culturally the closest to bulgaria , is somewhere in the south through some mountains and nobody goes there . 
  we moved our capital to sofia with regards to macedonia joining us , then fought 4 wars to get it , lost 3 of them , 2 national crisis , communism and an awkwardly positioned capital later and we dont talk about macedonia anymore . 
  greece . 
  fucking jelly as fuck the west allied them and saved them from 50 years of socialism but we got treated the same way greece treats the euro . 
  everybody from sofia goes to chalkidiki in the summer though . 
  turkey . 
  they did some bad stuff . 
  then we did some bad stuff . 
  some people refuse to let go . 
  also too culturally different . 
  religions dont help . 
  and finally romania . 
  nato together , then eu together , though languages are different we share many common words like karuca and the chorba ( ciorba ) part of ciorba de burta . 
  ( why the fuck do you put cream in it you polish wannabees ... weirdos ) . 
  culturally and politically we are very close and if it wasnt for the language we could just form one country and nobody would notice anything different . 
  also , they pick up on all the hate especially for the gypsies even though proportionately bulgaria has more gypsies . 
  so yeah cheers romania , you guys are cool . 
  croatia isnt in schengen , border control is only removed in schengen countries . 
  some countries have also reactivated their borders temporarily because of the migrant crisis . 
  and lets hope they remain a thing of the past . 
  should be a deal that serves both sides best . 
  though brits need to note that the eu wont re-write half our laws and regulations in order to do the best for the uk . 
  do tell , whats wrong with that picture . 
  i grew up respecting and loving my parents ( after puberty of course ) whilst some of my friends straight up use swear words to insult their mothers . 
  guess who got a slap on the wrist when they said or did something wrong . 
  the answer to your first two arguments can be found in the same post you are responding to . 
   no it is n't . 
  it is the migrants that should make a strong effort to integrate . 
  it is them that should change their beliefs and culture in order to fit into western societies . 
  maybe i was not clear here . 
  what i meant is that we should understand that those people lie , disrespect laws and women and that it would be very hard to assimilate them . 
  hence we should only let those who can be integrated . 
  not to believe in a universal goodness and let everyone in because all of them have the power to change . 
  i dont believe you that you are not sarcastic . 
  like i dont have enough time during the weekend to explain all the wrong things about this post . 
  i lack the linguistic skills to describe how wrong this is . 
  its not the european left that its regressive . 
  its the people that have come in from the bad parts of the world that are the issue . 
  swedish people are so progressive that they fail to imagine that people would abuse their bigheartedness . 
  in this scenario the right are the ones who want us to regress to highly segregated by barbed wire communities who hate each other . 
  the answer to this is to understand what the migrants are and what their social norms are and deal with them as such . 
  no need to regress on everything just because some countries were not reasonable with immigrants from countries where their social norms are akin to the 13th century in europe . 
  just make everyone pay 20 euros and non of them would make it inside . 
  the eu racist by definition ? 
  the organisation that wants to unite all peoples of europe is racist . 
  seriously you got ta put / s at the end of these , its hard to tell if you 're serious or sarcastic !, 
  you think i sound intelligent ? 
  cheers mate !, 
  :d the guy says they are expanding in germany ( which has better labor laws and higher minimum wage ) instead of the uk and you disregard it as him going after cheap labor because the valiant uk blocked the unstoppable stream of ee and syrian immigrants . 
  either that guy was a diplomat as the us says , or he was a very bad spy trying to enter the public embassy without id by trying to distract the guards with nonchalant whistling . 
  i. . i think its okay to slap a kid on the bottom when it does something wrong . 
  how easy it is for such people to learn these hateful values from friends and families and at the same time how hard it is for them to view complex crisis without reducing them to fit into those basic values . 
  not all the leave voters are racist , but all the racists voted leave . 
  pc culture didnt burn down their shed . 
  ** edit : ** op 's post was a bit confusing and so sarcastic that it bordered the ridiculous things some people say and think on this issue . 
  they are delicious though !, 
  most nation-states are functioning ones , otherwise they wouldnt be nation-states , at least whilst we are speaking about the ideology of having a state for every nation . 
  i mean yeah your government is much better , but that doesnt affect my opinion . 
  what i dislike is the disdain this type of nationality segregation creates . 
  wwi was basically started due to nationalistic nonesense which is created in nation states . 
   seriously ? 
  if a bigger nation were to name bulgaria an integral part of its territory and take control of the country , then you would agree with the democratic decisions of that country ? 
  if they changed your official language for example . 
  you would agree ? 
  i hate to tell this to you , but i think you are a feeble cosmopolitan minority here . 
  most people want to be part of their respective nation , not the random state borders that exist at a place . 
  i do not have much faith in nation-states and see them as a step in our development that we need to pass . 
  like tribes , cities , kingdoms , empires , etc. 
  i wouldnt care if bulgarian was an official language as long as people were still allowed to use it at free will . 
  but yeah i know i am mostly alone in my ideologies , i dont think that hinders them , though . 
  at the end of the day what me and you fail to get a consensus on is whether immediate accession into the eu is possible for a case like catalonia and scotland when its laws and regulations are taken under consideration . 
  i do not think the eu would be spiteful in such a case . 
  the uk and spain , yes ( though i do not agree with them ) , but i think the eu will be inclined to do whats best for both sides . 
  like they are doing now with brexit , pressuring the uk to finally invoke article 50 in order to end this period of uncertainty which is mainly hurting them . 
  but yeah , this was a nice debate , i can see me re-thinking some of the things i said , hope i managed to do the same for you . 
  goodnight . 
  i think that if the people want a referendum they should get one . 
  but i just disagree that catalonia needs to leave . 
  i understand and i condemn spain 's past actions . 
  but you have to look at the situation from a present stand point . 
  how many people would prefer for castilian to be taught over catalan now in catalonia ? 
  i dont think either language should be forced as the primary in the region . 
  there should be a choice . 
  is catalan forbidden from being taught in schools and used by the media ? 
  if it is then that is a problem . 
  well yeah , but wouldnt the catalan parliament vote in favour fo independence in order to become an actual parliament and gain power ? 
  i dont know enough about the catalan parliament and could be wrong but i dont think it objectively shows what the people want . 
  yeah you could say so . 
  i think the fairest thing to do is let everybody choose for themselves what language they want to speak . 
  that does not require independence though . 
   yes there is - there is even a lot of talks about scotland remaining in the uk should they declare independence before brexit im guessing you meant remaining in the eu not the uk . 
  but the situation is different here . 
  in their referendum they were also told that they would not be allowed back into the eu immediately . 
  especially with the uk 's veto . 
  it was made clear that independence meant that all relations with the eu would need to be made from scratch because you cant deal with the new sovereign state with the agreements you have made with another one .
