  the nazis are not the ultimate evil in the universe so much as to absolve anybody who is against them of any of their crimes . 
  but you have no problem saying `` people hate russians '' in a thread where people are debating whether or not what the ** ussr ** did should eb celebrated . 
  what about during the war ? 
  i will not cherish one evil empire defeating another . 
   inhuman struggle of the soviet people to protect their people from extermination while inhumanly struggling to pillage and rape whatever they could on their way and then exterminate whoever wasnt up with the program . 
  yes you should . 
  i dont see any difference between nazi germany and ussr except that instead of having concentration camps the ussr had gulags and death marches and holodomor and the raping and pillaging on its way to berlin . 
  why should the ussr be considered part of the good guys just because the other baddie attacked them ? 
  i regret that the allies didnt continue on to moscow , because then they wouldnt have let evil rule half of europe for 50 years . 
  we all mourn the death of the innocent thats why we refuse to celebrate what the soviet armies did . 
  i dont even care about the dictatorship and communism that was ussr 's business but about the atrocities the soviets committed on their way to berlin and the ones they committed after the war . 
  oh yeah stalin didnt do any death marches , deportations , genocides and concentration camps of whole nations . 
  it was n't for the us either and they were the ones that fought against the japanese but they still celebrate it . 
  i thought you could n't do better but you did it !, 
  god , i cant fathom how many hours you must have spent studying the poor souls who fall victim to such bullshit but i thank you for sacrificing your time for the sake of satire . 
  ^ / s ^ that ^ shit ^ though ^ some ^ people ^ will ^ not ^ get ^ the ^ sarcasm . 
  haha !, 
  that is exactly what an ignorant bigot would say . 
  though do n't forget the / s !, 
  in this day and age there is bound to be some dumbass who really thinks that way . 
  when they said the turnout was record low i got worried . 
  turns out le pen supporters are n't as hardcore as other far-right parties and politicians . 
  a victory for europe . 
  coulda said wales or cornwall . . just sayin . 
  if you are not familiar with marine 's opinions about muslims and immigrants which is 90 % of what her campaign is about then you shouldnt be discussing her and her political positions . 
  no she just says the same things but about muslims instead of jews . 
  i am not saying he is * her father * because she is his daughter . 
  i am saying it because her political opinions are so similar to his . 
  she is a far-right nationalist and a eurosceptic . 
  same as her father . 
  what double standard ? 
  marine is a copy of her daddy with a little bit of streamlining . 
  the change in the us took a war , dozens of leaders , extreme changes in society and politics which europe hasnt seen since ww2 where the two main parties literally changed positions from the two sides of the spectrum . 
  there is no comparison between that and a party that has changed very little of its main aspirations and has had 2 leaders in the form of a man and his daughter . 
  people were saying the same about the us election and trump . 
  being a good president or not is not a 50/50 chance . 
  the democratic and republican parties shifting positions took place in turbulent times ( civil war ) and took almost a century . 
  do you really see that as comparable to marine and her dad ? 
  that would be the case if there wasnt an eu . 
  with free flow of resources , capital and people it doesnt really matter if the food is produced at home or in another country . 
  this is much more efficient . 
  that is to say as long as the `` bigger eu '' project is still a priority . 
  in order for us to reap the benefits of this efficiency without risking destabilisation we need to have more centralisation like a common eu army . 
  austro-hungarian as well because of the yellow pavement that came from budapest at the end of the 19th century . 
  is it ? 
  the fries and soda yeah but even then unless you are eating it more than a couple times a month you are n't being unhealthy . 
  the human body is an amazing thing , and it is made to eat meat and bread ( it 's controversial how good bread is for us ) and potatoes but its not made to drink alcohol and to inhale tar . 
  i cant understand how they see russia as an ally . 
  they call themselves patriots and then push the agenda of a country that goes against absolutely everything the founding fathers aspired towards . 
  `` we hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . 
  that to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed '' russia in its current state is the exact opposite to every statement made here in the second paragraph of the declaration of independence . 
  actually i do ... 
  you stopped the soviets but then built what they wouldve if they had conquered finland ? 
  germans have a thing about jumping the gun when talking about deportations especially when all of those to be deported are of the same religion/background . 
  you do n't deserve respect for holding an opinion and you should not talk about politics in a political thread if you are not ready to be criticised . 
  so was that  . 
  wasnt expecting more from a polak . 
  yes portugal is literally the only exception and the reason i said `` mostly '' . 
  dude i am not defending that guy but its so ironic that you use the scripted / r/the _ donald `` fuck cnn fuck cnn '' and in that way supporting his point of what a trump supporter is like . 
  because of the cold war and the warsaw pact and calling everybody from it eastern europe we have a very flexible notion of where each region is . 
  one thing is for certain , nobody ever calls bulgaria part of southern europe as access to the mediterranean is mostly associated with it . 
  is it though ? 
  i am against the notion that we need to separate ourselves into lefts and rights and have some sports-like rivalry but because of the nature of / r/the _ donald i would say that anybody who chooses to spend time on that subreddit and be part of the community is not to be trusted easily . 
  i am in no way agreeing with this guy about narratives and whatnot but i think we can all agree that / r/the _ donald are extremely biased and fanatical in pushing their god emperor 's agenda . 
  just did the test and apparently i very easily associate black faces with negative ideas . 
  i 've never been racist or held racist views so this was extremely surprising and makes me think the test is bogus . 
  bulgaria can into southern europe ? 
  least our countries can do is make life for our citizens good . 
  that means good civil rights , strong and fair institutions and economic stability and growth . 
  make this happen and they will come , or at least they wont leave . 
  because of what ? 
  because le pen is less popular currently ? 
  le pen has been in politics since fn was her dad 's party . 
  macron is running with a party which was founded 1 year ago . 
  just wondering , what has to happen for you to not make conspiracies out of thin air ? 
  who has to win so the new government wont be the `` elites '' or will we just have to go and have a bloody civil war every term and choose construction workers , shoe makers and plumbers as the people who lead our countries ? 
  the guys has been in politics for 2 years . 
  he is but a novice in the political scene . 
  you said he was the status-quo candidate not that he was an insider , i do not know enough about him to be able to say whether he is . 
  macron the status quo candidate ? 
  your knowledge of the elections is as good as your input . 
  when can we expect greece to follow spain below the 20 % mark ? 
  its seasonally adjusted . 
  in response will the eu issue travel alerts for inner cities and schools ? 
   wow , you must be super sheltered to think that the eu does n't have any problems . 
  and where exactly did i say that ? 
   the solution to the refugee problem that was once again ridiculous . 
  and this is what i am talking about . 
  this is a problem with the people who made the decision not the eu itself . 
  if your parliament passes a stupid law you dont reform the parliament you criticise the ones who voted for it . 
  the eu has its problems but people are going out of their way to convince themselves it is fundamentally flawed . 
  have you ? 
  what bullshit attempt at grabbing some of le pen 's voters . 
  the reason why nobody says specifically what is wrong is because the difference between the real severity of the issues of the eu , and the severity which people talk about is massive and is greatly inflated by hot air coming from politicians and the media trying to grab whatever attention they can . 
  if the baltics can fall whilst a part of the eu then we can all fall . 
  the eu is relevant , bulgaria isnt and neither is czechia . 
  if you wan na be eurosceptic i will treat you as if czechia is n't in the eu . 
  shut up , nobody cares , you are irrelevant . 
  this is such bullshit and the same thing has been said by leavers ever since the pound dropped . 
  by that logic zimbabwe has the strongest currency and exports in the world .
