  the negative effect our economies faced at the start of the decade was again because of the 08 crisis . 
  economically europe is doing very well . 
   what we have or i might say had , was ingenuity ... good , quality products that people were willing to pay for because it came from europe . 
  we still have that due to all the regulations and quality certificates out of which many originate in eu with many others in the us . 
  quality and ingenuity is still being hallmarked by the western world + some westernised asian countries . 
   yet now we 're trying to import cheap labor , trying to compete in a race to the bottom . 
  instead we 'll make our continent unrecognizable . 
  within a few decades ... who is importing cheap labour ? 
  if you are talking about the migrant crisis it has nothing to do at all with cheap labour . 
   all those stories of how the netherlands benefits from the euro since we 're a trading nation is bullshit , we got robbed at the start , and it never stopped ( only country to stick to the rules , biggest net payer ) . 
  we could have traded just as well when we had our currency connected to the reichsmark . 
  it is not bs . 
  also how much do you pay , do yo know ? 
  like 200 million euros ? 
  which is 0.2 % of your gdp . 
  that money goes to support the eu and all the trading treaties it provides + it goes to developing countries like bulgaria who use it to increase their gdp and in return are a better trading partner to the eu from where the whole eu profits . 
  ( poland has been groing by 5 % for the past couple of years , that 200 mil is nothing compared to how much trade poland will be able to produce in say 2030 when its one of the richest countries in the world )  europe wo n't be strong because of it 's size , it can only be strong doing what it does best ... make quality things , innovate . 
  but we 've lost our edge and it will be hard to get it back the way things are shaping up . 
  uhm yes it will . 
  it is the largest economical entity in the world . 
  fuck military strength , economy is what matters . 
  no edge has been lost , things are shaping up just fine except for some issues that need to be address as is the situation everywhere in the world and always will be . 
  these nationalistic names of such parties always remind of communist regimes and how they name their countries . 
  `` democratic people 's republic of korea '' - neither a democracy nor `` people 's '' nor republic nor korea . 
  `` party for freedom '' * gets elected * , * takes away freedoms * . 
  things that dutch mps elected by their people voted on . 
  if he has an issue with that he has an issue with democracy , not the eu . 
  eu the monster lol . 
  anyways ;  better dismantle it and start over now , than to have it slowly eat away more of our rights and democracy or you know ... do it the cheaper and more efficient way - fix whatever is wrong ( not gon na talk about the democracy and rights because thats just stupid lol ) . 
  would you plunge the netherlands into anarchy for a few months to create a new government if some aspect of it was flawed ? 
  and yes i want the united states of europe . 
  so silly of me to want unity and cooperation in a world where europe is the weekest it has been since pff the mongols , maybe even before ancient greece . 
  even then it would be worse keeping them forcefully here creating an unsustainable population and market like it happened during the communist regime . 
  these are opposites . 
  symbolic nonsense would be hating the eu because of nationalistic principles or some shit . 
  i dont mean to offend but you really need to be stupid or to not know how anything works ( or force yourself because of symbolic nonsense reasons ) if youre anti-eu in bulgaria and romania . 
  i know its true in bulgaria but im currently also working in romania and basically every new business is started thanks to eu funds . 
  so we are getting a bunch of free money for helping ourselves . 
  not only that but the eu is making us do shit like create your anti-corruption bureau and fix our justice system . 
  if the eu disbands or something happens and bulgaria leaves i will probably move to the states because all my optimism about the future will be gone . 
  we have lost nothing from joining the union . 
  and we have gained so fucking much its unbelievable there are still people like you . 
  the eu commission just announced a 1b euro ( or something in that ballpark ) aid to the border states . 
  you cant train border staff so quickly , its not that easy . 
  some help would do greece fine while you do what you do with your share of the billion . 
  i think its an overreaction . 
  i think it is a step towards progress and achieving a centralised government . 
  if we are not headed towards a federal state we need to rethink why we started this union because otherwise it is just a scapegoat for everyone to blame when things arent going well even though the eu is way too powerless to do much about anything . 
  i do agree with you that greece shouldnt have been left alone , but the eu is simply not powerful or centralised enough to help accordingly . 
  until the eu is a federal state you cant wish it to have lightning quick reactions . 
  at present the eu needs to deal with 28 different political entities to do anything . 
  and even now there are still some greeks who dont want the eu to step on its sovereignty by sending border forces . 
  why ? 
  i dont think the euro is doing badly as supposed to the dollar doing well . 
  also our currency is pegged to the euro so we are already dependent on where it goes . 
  i am pro-refugee in terms of fixing the issue the australian way . 
  the councils decision of distributing them into our societies is dumb as f. 
  germany is not the one who let in millions of migrants into europe through its borders . 
  not all of it though . 
  just kaliningrad and istanbul . 
  dude dont blame the migrants . 
  if you were a migrant from afghanistan who is given the option to live in a country that is times and times and times better than your homeland would you stay home ? 
  its our fault we are giving them the choice and the opportunity to do so . 
  what can they do that they were born in a place that is ideologically and religiously centuries behind us . 
  i completely understand the migrants wanting to immigrate . 
  cant comprehend why we are letting them live with us . 
  things have been going pretty shitty in romania for the last year havent they ? 
  fucking romanians licking western ass and accepting help in fighting corruption and making the country better . 
  better be miserable than be with the west !, 
  the west cant fix the problem at its source . 
  accepting these migrants is exaggerating the issue . 
  and yes i do agree you need to stop giving money to countries like india who instead of feeding their people and making sure they all have access to water and a toilet spend it on space rockets . 
  cant get more west politically than being in nato and the eu . 
  worked for afghanistan when the soviets invaded . 
  youre part of the west mate . 
  i dont think thats bad . 
  its important to financially support the refugees so we can pay countries outside of the eu to shelter them . 
  i still cant believe we are letting in a bunch of people from the middle east live here . 
  people of whom a majority are centuries behind in religious and ideological way of thinking , of whom a majority have less than our equivalent of middle school education , whom are certain to screw up our demographics because a vast majority of them are young males . 
  i am not against immigration , but i am against some people thinking we can solve poverty and stabilize the middle east by bringing their problems here . 
  stop trying to be witty , andorra . 
  bros in helping poland lose civil rights , liberties and russianizing the media . 
  great step towards progress !, 
  pls you 're just roman wannabes . 
  nah vampires are more romania 's thing . 
  also not really an animal , 
  easiest way to gain votes : fearmongering, 
  yeah and scotland the unicorn . 
  but realism is not what im complaining about . 
  its about building a character for your country . 
  when i see a red dragon i think `` wales '' when i see a lion i dont think `` oh yeah bulgaria '' or belgium or the czech republic or macedonia or england or the netherlands , etc. 
  when i see a lion i think `` africa '' . 
  the way things are going it could be possible to reach the pre 2009 unemployment rates by the end of 2017 . 
  nonsense , the eu is crashing and burning . 
  i think the bulgarian lion comes from the second bulgaria empire when it was used on our flags and similarly to the normans ( who i think brought it to england ) it was 3 lions with the lions being red and the background gold for bulgaria and the opposite for william the conqueror . 
  still makes no sense though and id like it changed as well as bulgaria 's coat of arms . 
  i mean it is just so uncharacteristic for both countries . 
  ah the lion . 
  for some reason our national animal which coincidentally has n't roamed bulgaria in longer than bulgaria has existed . 
  i like that trade .
