  but since it is not the foundation that is rotten but the people i think there is still a chance for change . 
  wont western media stop infringing poland 's sovereignty ? 
  poland did n't join the eu to be ruled by western overlords !, 
  * edit : kind of a downer that i have to add an / s to this . 
  it would have been the proper thing to do . 
  probably too far down or deleted . 
  i get where you are coming from though i have asked the same question in other threads where you just see the comments condemning the ones that you do n't see at all . 
  when i posted my comment 3 hours ago 4 or 5 of the top 10 comments were blaming the dutch . 
  i am a liberal . 
  how fucked up is it that there are more comments blaming the dutch than the serb nationalists . 
  you guys are blaming the guy who got his car stolen because he did not lock it instead of the thief . 
  thems fighting words . 
  the italy of ww1 . 
  well ... yeah . 
  just add austria hungary and the ottoman empire and that is 95 % of the power and relevancy in europe . 
  the only allies that could have stopped this from happening were germany and the ussr . 
  ooops . 
  and the relocation plan has nothing to do with immigration . 
  we , as humans , are never going to be able to be perfectly unbiased . 
  but what i like about reddit and especially about / r/europe is that there will be that one comment that is like `` hold up a moment that 's just not true '' and in most subreddits where there is a good atmosphere for discussion that comment as long as it is factual ( in some cases sounding factual is also good enough ) will overpower the low-effort circlejerk comments . 
  exactly , though i think that they are valid discussions . 
  but threads like those are filled with low-effort circlejerk comments and melodramatic nationalistic statements about how 10k refugees will ruin homogeneous poland ( * cough * 1 million ukranians * cough * ) and then any attempt to rationalise the discussion is made impossible for ** both sides ** of the discussion because how can you throw facts in a thread where white genocide comments and hurr durr western pacifists and overlords comments are the most upvoted ones . 
  unbiased means true to the facts not equally agreeable with both sides . 
  i do n't think it is possible to agree with everything with any political entity . 
  but there is a difference between not agreeing and the level of eu bashing in threads about the v4 . 
  that is why i compared it to russian bots and trumpettes . 
  exactly my point , imo 18-24 people on the internet on a subreddit that is regarded as more liberal than most should be more pro-eu than the general population . 
  and pis * was * elected by the people . 
  now it depends on the thread . 
  any thread regarding poland or the v4 or refugees is very unwelcoming to pro-eu comments . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't want an echochamber but although the sub used to be more pro-eu you could have unbiased debates on issues . 
  it is impossible to have proper discussions in the threads about poland , v4 or the refugees nowadays . 
  i am not seeing that on / r/europe which used to be on the pro-eu side of the spectrum . 
  all i am seeing is poles using phrases reminiscent of russians bots and trump centipedes in regards to the eu . 
  bazbattles has a great [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb8pgjy2axs ) about the battle and the events surrounding it . 
  kebabcheta recipe 1 kg minced pork meat 1 onion , very finely minced , or processed to paste 1/2 teaspoon cumin 1/2 teaspoon black pepper salt to taste salt the meat , mix well , cover , and let stand in the refrigerator for 1-2 hours . 
  then mix with cumin , black pepper , onion , and some water ( 5-6 tablespoons ) . 
  let stand for another 2 hours . 
  form into oblong rissoles and grill on medium-high heat . 
  serve hot with your choice of sides . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ ^ you . 
  erdogan and putin definitely are n't morons . 
  they are nationalistic chauvinists with very outdated opinions on what makes a country a good one . 
  but they have basically defeated all opposition and have been very successful in achieving their goals through elaborate plans and political prowess . 
   trump went to poland , called it the ` soul ' of europe , and spoke of the importance of maintaining one 's identity , society and values . 
  populist bullshit , how does that sound good to you ? 
  to trump and to the v4 saying maintaining one 's identity , society and values means brushing off criticism by comparing it to outside influence trying to turn their kids gay . 
  hungary 's and poland 's governments are experts at that and so is trump and putin . 
  them trying to create state controlled press is not about censorship it is about keeping the people away from the fake news and euro-neo-liberal propaganda . 
   western europe can pout all they like but they 'll soon get back to erecting bullet proof glass around their monuments , bollards on their bridges , funding classes on how not to sexually assault women and printing flyers on how not to molest at swimming pools . 
  each country is free to decide their immigration policy unless you are calling for a common eu one . 
  i agree that the west has a problem of thinking that they can take african and me immigrants and turn them into modern citizens . 
  but trump and pis would be saying the same things if they actually could . 
  the thing that makes me angry is that with them there is no compromise , there is no rational discussion and it is because these believes for them come from ignorance , racism and intolerance . 
  the situation is awful because on the other side you have politicians like merkel and guy verhofstadt who are so ridiculously on the other side of the spectrum . 
   this is not how 21st century europe was supposed to be like , for those old enough to remember . 
  what was it supposed to be like ? 
  20th century was the bloodiest in human history the 21st century is so far been the most peaceful one since written history . 
   something is going seriously seriously wrong on our continent and it needs to be fixed . 
  as i look around for western leaders to solve this problem , trump is the most articulate on this point . 
  in fact he 's seems to be one of the few even speaking about it . 
  nothing is going seriously wrong on our continent , ww1 was seriously wrong , the yugoslav wars were seriously wrong , this problem you are talking about that sounds a lot like white genocide is not a serious problem , it is a problem but it is being massively overblown by populist governments and news-desperate medias . 
  this reads like a yellow press . 
  the vast majority of the people have not been affected by the migrant crisis . 
  and trump has been saying things like that long before the 21st century . 
  he is an ignorant racist and he will always be saying that no matter what . 
  he is not brave he is being sensational . 
  now this you can downvote away . 
  i have a serious drinking problem !, 
  `` worst month and a half of my life '' - bulgaria . 
  is that the belgrade by the water or something ? 
  the one that had all the protests against it ? 
  no this is the first bulgarian empire . 
  one of the names for the second one was bulgarian-wallachian empire though it officially was named and known by its people and rulers as bulgaria . 
  holy shit this thread . 
  every thread regarding poland on here is like i am in / r/the _ donald . 
  western overlords , us real ally unlike fake western pacifists , saying how important the us is to poland ( through nato ) and then calling fraternising with the man who shat on nato and likes russia while hating the eu ( * which are poland 's fucking allies * ) `` independent external policy '' . 
  how can it remain the financial capital when all the international treaties and agreements are gone ? 
  with how things are going and the way may is leading the uk 's brexit deal it looks like the separation will happen with only the basic treaties remaining in place . 
  that means a massive part of the infrastructure that every industry uses not only the financial sector will be gone . 
  companies will choose to move their european hq 's from london because staying would mean running their operations from a country which has severed its ties with the eu . 
  it would make everything harder for them . 
  the ones that will stay will do so because moving would be more detrimental than the hassle of working in the eu from a non-eu country . 
  best case scenario for london imo , is they do n't lose too much and remain the biggest financial sector in europe but that is not a victory if they lose 20-30-40 % of their business to continental europe . 
  it would be a pyrrhic victory . 
   the most likely outcome is that banks will shift a few jobs and then hire more in continental europe while hiring less in london . 
  it 's just a reveal of the process we saw in the 90s and 00s where many banks consolidated their operations in london . 
  that is what people mean by saying that the banks will leave after brexit . 
  it is about london being the financial capital of europe and losing that title after leaving . 
  we are not talking about your local bank moving to frankfurt but the hq 's and the administrations . 
  it is not showing the muslim areas in southern and north eastern bulgaria . 
  whats the point of lowering asylum * applications * . 
  what is the us going to do cover their ears and hum ? 
  we are at the front line of the crisis that is why . 
  bulgaria is the first eu country they encounter . 
  yeah good point . 
  all the terror jobs have already been taken by the cops . 
  `` i could n't give a frack '' - bulgaria probably . 
  do n't you know ? 
  the v4 are going to stop working for their western overlords .
