  the mongols , even though they incorporated many nationalities into their armies , never really let them get too powerful or feel too accepted , especially after the death of ghenghis khan who was exceptional in that , that he promoted based on merit and not family ties . 
  roman empire , whoever was not born in italy was an outsider and not accepted , not given full rights . 
  i really am struggling to find a state which wasnt mostly based on nationality . 
  has there ever been a state which hasnt differentiated us vs them based on nationality ? 
  but i can think of many wars started because `` those guys are not the same nation as us '' . 
  you can say that ww1 was started because of the austria-hungary 's hate for slavs , especially the serbs . 
  ww2 because only the germanic people were good enough , etc. 
  yes , thank you . 
  it was a boost in unity for a country , but it just led to a harder path towards regional peace and regional unity . 
   i 'd be an outsider in no way tied to germany . 
  except for being born and raised in germany . 
  many immigrants have gone to the us only for them and their children to call themselves american . 
  for me what matters are the values you embrace . 
  if you embrace the german values , are born in berlin and can speak german , what the hell are you if not german ? 
   it 's about culture . 
  customs . 
  language . 
  literature . 
  way of living . 
  way of thinking . 
  and as many other things these are a choice . 
  i am an individual and i will choose what i like and what i dont , purposefully brainwashing kids in order to have the same values as you is wrong , instead show them the world ( figuratively ) and let them decide . 
   there is so much to defend and so much to protect . 
  from whom ? 
   we can both protect ourselves and open up to the world . 
  segregating ourselves into communities who brainwash their children `` their own way '' is exactly the opposite of opening oneself to the world . 
  so the only reason you are not rioting in the streets is because you and the people born in roughly the same geographical location have decided to call yourselves by the same name ? 
  what are you talking about . 
  thats my plan if the eu fails , 
  no more nation-states . 
  i know most people dont agree with this , but i think that nationality and state need to be separated the same way religion and state are . 
  i dont know , i personally see big differences between poland , russia and say bulgaria and serbia . 
  thats why i mostly prefer the balkans being called south eastern europe because it * is * different from eastern europe . 
  i feel like the only thing we share with say russia , is a slavic language and some similarities gained from the socialist years where we looked up to them . 
  actually genealogically less than a 5th of people are slavic in bulgaria . 
  in india and bangladesh but not in the eu . 
   europe would let germany, 
  thank you shogun 2 tw :d, 
  i meant it in a you cant be sure way , as in you cant tell the ones that are being forced from the ones that are not , hence why it is a difficult situation . 
  but thanks for the info , it was quite interesting . 
  this is a difficult issue . 
  are you sure women want to be dressed in burkas ? 
  they may say so but maybe if they dont their communities will shun them , their husbands will beat them , etc. 
  i think its pretty clear that no woman feels safe saying she doesnt want to wear religious clothing in conservative homes . 
  so maybe the state needs to get involved . 
  i am all for this , but if this is done , it needs to be done for all religions . 
   grow some balls they have balls ... their hearts are too big . 
  i wish people understood this . 
  they are not letting in refugees out of fear but out of desire to help . 
  oh so spain is the scapegoat ? 
  yeah 7.3 based on the last count . 
  weve never been that many , reached over 9 just before 1989 and since then the population has been steadily falling . 
  well ... but ... uhm ... fuck you guy . 
  lets go buddy , we will found a new cz , with blackjack and hookers and lots and lots of bureaucracy . 
  they wouldnt have admitted us if so . 
  bulgaria is only 7 million people , thats 1/10 of the population of france or germany or the uk . 
  we are not as important to the eu as even poland is , and i think thats perfectly understandable knowing our population and economy sizes . 
  ok but why cant the central eu bank do that for the whole union ? 
  the us and china have almost as big economies and manage to do so with one currency . 
  the title is horrible . 
  since when does the polish head of international affairs speak for these 8 countries , since when does he know what we fear or not and how is this sidelining when we were all obliged to adopt the euro anyways . 
   we basically do n't have a currency or any of the benefits you get from one . 
  what are those benefits ? 
  well . . yeah but that happened during the 20th century already . 
  which for me is the best pro-eu argument . 
  europe is weaker than it has been in half a millennia . 
  with the globalization of the world , single small states like the uk cant expect to survive independently in the future . 
  oh , but isnt the relation between ukraine-russia and taiwan-china the one that actually matters ? 
  bulgaria has been conquered out of existence by larger countries for 700 of those 1000 years . 
  europe is becoming too small for the world . 
  unless we band together we may not be able preserve its values . 
   thank god we are not talking about a pan-european empire but a federation of willing members which is why i said its not a nation/empire/country but a federation of willing members/nations/countries . 
  even then , what should we aim for , a better future , or die under the weight of the status-quo . 
  i think i was pretty successful in creating a sentence which has nothing to do with the topic . 
  yes , but the political aspect is very important to why the ee countries are what they are today , and why yugoslavia is not entirely the same as the rest of ee . 
   wait for france or germany to try harmonise things like taxation across the member states . 
  taxation will be addressed on a regional level , the same with minimum wages and other similar things . 
  the germans and french wont be stupid enough to think that a federal tax level can work . 
  you can see this from the way eu taxes work , economic size and budget size are taken into account . 
   federalisation only benefits the larger nations who have the numbers to influence things . 
  democracy only benefits the larger population regions who have the numbers to influence things . 
   it 's difficult to see how a federalised europe might work . 
  imagine a european presidential election with all europeans as an electorate for example . 
  why would a candidate bother campaigning in places like malta , ireland or slovenia when the only countries he needs to win popular support are germany , france and spain . 
  its a federation not a presidential republic . 
  you have the parliament which has parties in it . 
  whichever eu party wins the election builds the cabinet and works with other institutions like the commission and the council to govern over federal matters . 
  the current president of the commission is from luxembourg btw . 
  the lake wizards sleeps only when the dragon den is empty . 
  i am not sure what you are implying here . 
  you cant just offer more money . 
  it is a gradual increase that takes generations , but its always more difficult at the start . 
  thats why its better to start early . 
  its the correct term to use . 
  it best groups the ussr and its allies , which all shared similar economic and political structures . 
  back then it was nato vs the warsaw pact or 1st and 2nd world countries . 
  you achieved that 20-30 years of growth in less than ten from inside the eu thanks to all the treaties and funds . 
  plus people were always going to immigrate , what are you gon na do , chain them to their houses ? 
  thank god we are not talking about a pan-european empire but a federation of willing members where 90 % of the governance comes from the regional level . 
  i think it favors the small ones the most , since we are the least powerful , easiest to abuse ones .
