  and it didnt cause the issues they are having right now , what caused them was being good warm-hearted people , and letting bad people abuse that . 
  if all people on earth had the swedish mentality , it would be a much better world . 
  well its just that most of the population lives under stara planina or on the seaside . 
  infrastructure affects more people in the south . 
  and without eu funds there was just no money . 
  building roads is very very expensive . 
  for example the budget for repairs for this year is about 200-300 million leva . 
  its mainly due to the low population and having a very small budget due to low taxes . 
  but fear not , the focus has shifted to the north , starting with the bqla-veliko turnovo-ruse highway which should commence this year . 
  they have found who they are . 
  they are not nationalistic . 
  hard to believe the ottomans almost captured vienna isnt it . 
  sobieski was like * fuck off * and fucked them off with the biggest cavalry charge in history . 
  it literally says sobieski next to his head * facepalm * . 
  who is the dude depicted on it ? 
  i 've not really encountered a person to say the eu is the perfect example of a democracy . 
  almost everybody will say that they are not happy with the way the commission works right now . 
  but i have encountered many people , especially here on reddit who , powered by sheer ignorance , compare the eu to the ussr and other totalitarian regimes as if its the newest form of authoritarianism . 
  i think the rare thing here is people liking the balanced viewpoint . 
  we are not even talking about subsidies here . 
  http://poland.pl/business/investments-projects/eu-funds-poland/ 106bn straight up for financing projects most of which in the infrastructure sector . 
  i dont think its unfair that poland is getting the most funds . 
  i just wish you would recognize how much the eu has done for you and to understand that it and all members wish you well . 
  the same way the eu critiques and punishes bulgaria for not fighting corruption they should punish poland if the government undermines media freedom and democracy . 
  what a wonderful world would it be if we all just segregated ourselves by nations and stopped talking or working with each other . 
  do you seriously want to live in such a world ? 
  everybody for themselves ? 
  poland was the most pro-eu country in the eu . 
  what happened ? 
  such hard headedness . 
  so should the eu stop `` helping '' you with giving you 12 % of your budget ? 
  you have had no issues with taking the most money in the eu for years now . 
  and do polish people really see no issue with what pis is doing ? 
  its like bulgarians being angry the eu is scolding us and putting pressure on our government because we arent effectively fighting corruption . 
  its obvious to me they are doing it because what is happening is not right . 
  german descent i know . 
  i also know that it is grounds for many romanians to not like him . 
  but why mention it i said nothing about romania ? 
  well that is very wrong when we are talking about the eu . 
  every member is tied together . 
  if one crashes we all suffer . 
  there is no need to believe that everything another member is saying is them trying to destabilize your country . 
  and there are many situations where an outside view can be very helpful . 
  look at the bs russians believe in . 
  like that the malaysian plain was brought down by an ukrainian fighter . 
  or that there are no russian forces in eastern ukraine and so on and so on . 
  that is what happens when you listen to only one source of information and distrust everybody else . 
   united voice to make the eu grow a spine . 
  by reducing every eu critique to germans hating on the poor polish people ? 
  you are very confused if you think pis is doing the eu and its members a favour . 
  what does germany have to do with this ? 
  you say that the west has no free press ? 
  kinda ironic isnt it ? 
  please , do educate me , which media is free-er than the western one ? 
  there aint no polish view point . 
  the country is separated on the issue at the least . 
  if brexit were to happen , it could push the scots to independence . 
  as long as it is voluntary . 
  maybe he doesnt support the oversimplification of issues that are used to drive anybody 's agenda . 
   liberal federalist from warsaw hey , i am the other liberal federalist in eastern europe . 
  we ought to create a club or something . 
  i dont know why i expected a non-biased view and video . 
  the moment i saw brexit-the movie in the notes i knew it was gon na be a shit-show . 
  please thats just scaremongering . 
  he should stop trying to meddle into other country 's business . 
  giving some insight on bulgaria , growing up almost everybody tried weed at least once . 
  i think about 70-80 % of my friends have smoked at least once with only 1-2 of them smoking on a more regular basis . 
  almost nobody did coke but amphetamines and mdma were quite popular with some crowds , but i can count the friends i know who did them on one hand . 
  look at his username . 
  thats obviously satire . 
   so then just deport everyone , including the ones who have been `` stealing gum '' ? 
  if they have made it through the asylum process then as i stated before just serious crimes should be cause for deportation . 
  but if you are 100 % sure that the person will be in mortal danger on return then it becomes much more complicated . 
  but those cases can be counted on one hand . 
   yes . 
  that is why applications for asylum need to be thoroughly checked and not just , like populists like to demand , decided quickly directly at the borders or have whole countries declared `` safe '' for everyone despite known human rights violations . 
  i completely agree . 
   you do n't need to deport foreigners to show that `` the justice system is working '' . 
  we do n't deport natives either and people still do n't see it as a failure of the justice system . 
  but isnt it true that many people feel there are double standards for migrants ? 
  no not at all . 
  but you can never know if the person is lying or not . 
  with more than a million refugees in europe we cant check every story and be sure every story is true . 
  wouldnt everybody then start saying they are under threat of death and torture in order to stay in the vastly better country ? 
  not deporting people who are guilty of committing serious crimes like rape , murder , etc. 
  just feeds into the rise of the far-right parties and anti-refugee sentiment . 
  you need to make it so that the people see that the justice system is working . 
   you are repeating what i said . 
  eastern europe is a positive force for the economy of the union . 
  of course , what i was against is comparing the eastern bloc 's growth to western europe . 
  even without the crisis it was much larger . 
   it takes two to tango . 
  the lender is also responsible for giving a loan he ca n't possibly expect to be paid off . 
  for a real recovery to happen in the south the lenders need to take a hit . 
  agree again . 
  the whole discussion is whether it is the euro 's fault or not , right ? 
  yes but the point was that if the person had asylum status big crime or not they would not deport him . 
  i did agree with the american that posted that the law should be changed , but disagreed with the person i replied to that it should be as harsh as any crime = deportation . 
  what is your beef angry man ? 
  i dont agree with you .
