  cold war hasnt ended for some people . 
  i understand greece and spain and italy , but those countries have the biggest issues in the eu now . 
  but hungary what could possi ... oh yeah orban . 
  or people just dont agree with him ? 
  or are we still pretending the upvote/downvote system is not about that ? 
  if only we had sided with the allies maybe we wouldve been saved from the soviets . 
  we didnt really fight you during ww2 though did we ? 
  how do we get into merkelreich ? 
   * uk suppliers can sell more goods to the uk population because of the increase in price of eu goods  * non-eu goods are now priced closer to eu goods , meaning that the uk will buy more non-eu goods  * the uk will buy less eu goods because prices have increased lets discuss these . 
  yes uk made goods will gain ground in the market , but how much ? 
  10,20 maybe 30 % ? 
  there wont be enough space on the uk market to accommodate for all the lost export trade with the eu due to the tariffs . 
  that means the prices for uk goods will fall ( which temporarily will be good for the consumer ) but this in the long run will hurt the producers and force many to lose their businesses . 
  that is true as well , though , eu goods will still be cheaper than non eu goods due to the proximity and lower transport costs . 
  ( unless the uk signs very good trade agreements but again the transport costs from the us compared to germany are much higher and all potential non-eu trade partners are at least 1 ocean away ) so i dont think the increase of non-eu goods will be substantial enough to matter . 
  yep , but so will the eu . 
  with how hard it will be to replace eu goods with non-eu goods i dont see how the uk deficit with the eu wont increase . 
  economy experts of reddit , what does greece have to do to recover ? 
  is it reduce government spending ? 
  better tax collection ? 
  is there anything they can do get a hold of the situation ? 
  but tariffs go both ways , so it would actually increase the deficit because more uk producers will be put out of business than eu producers . 
  bro f that . 
  your flair reminded me of the awesome gyro i ate last summer in halkidiki . 
  it was like ... you know how a bad burger is like a shitty bun a piece of dry meat and some ketchup ? 
  well that gyro had all its ingredients melted into one piece of delicious goodness . 
  i dont know where the bread ended and where the meat began . 
  i still salivate thinking about it . 
  i cant even remember exactly what was in it . 
  maybe some god sauce ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  if it is that gyro had god sauce in every crevice not filled with that amalgamation of flavors and scents . 
  i sat in my car next to a beach and cried while the god sauce flowed down my chin unto my chest while i was slowly and carefully enjoying that savory goodness . 
  i could not comprehend it . 
  my mouth was orgasming and i was contemplating the meaning of flavors and food and in that moment of sensory overload it ended . 
  the gyro was gone . 
  and i knew i would never experience such delight and awe in my life again . 
  i ended up experiencing that every morning for the next week . 
  gyros are some good hangover food . 
  thats because they are !, 
  ^ ^ ^ gib ^ ^ ^ back ^ ^ ^ clay, 
  of course . 
  but the uk is in a trade deficit towards the eu . 
  because of the single market you have to look at all the eu members as one , not country by country . 
  [ uk trade deficit ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/10/uk-trade-deficit-hits-new-record-of-24bn-pounds-eu-referendum-brexit ) is at nearly 24bn pounds and rising due to the uncertainty . 
  mate we attacked you twice for less . 
  ^ ^ ^ third ^ ^ ^ time 's ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ charm . 
  the most likely scenario is most of that trade will remain but the prices will just be higher due to tariffs and other complications . 
  if trade stops completely with the uk then the prices will be lowered to accommodate for the rise in supply . 
  but there is not way trade with the uk is going to stop completely even with the worst possible terms . 
  well fuck you too greece . 
  btw your yogurt is basically watered down bulgarian yogurt and your feta is weak as fuuuck . 
  because it hasnt been an issue until 2 years ago . 
  still how does this require border checks on airplanes from the eu ? 
  easy way to make the system more efficient is to have border control just for the sea border . 
  you had border controls for 20 years . 
  calais happened less than 2 years ago . 
  how is that efficient . 
  plus how many of them migrants are coming by airplane ? 
   many of them are purposely not filling the criteria so they do n't have to join the euro . 
  `` at some point '' could be never . 
  nah all of them are required to do so , the eu is just being understanding right now , because of the southern members having financial issues destabilizing the euro . 
  when the mater gets resolved they will start putting more pressure . 
   i do n't consider checks to prevent thousands of people trying to sneak in your country as useless bureaucracy . 
  you cant not accept eu citizens anyway . 
  it is unnecessary . 
  its not like theres a guy in an office sending off $ to countries based on their economic size . 
  out of those 420b we might lose about a third and the rest will be redistributed throughout the rest of the market . 
  farmers and factories wont just stop producing the product that was bound for the uk . 
  well , some will , but most will just sell it elsewhere . 
  but they are obliged to convert to the euro at some point . 
  ( except denmark i think ) . 
  i think schengen makes sense for goods and trade though . 
  every minute waiting at a border is millions of moneys lost . 
  i dont really mind the border for people because , yes its an island , it doesnt make a big difference anyway . 
  though i though it was the brits who fought vs useless bureaucracy . 
  well ... maybe they need to stop being bad then ? 
  oh yeah christianity is like totally cool with homosexuality . 
  eastern europe especially is extremely welcoming . 
  blaming all the left or all the right on any issue is just wrong . 
  whenever i see someone blaming `` the damn liberals '' i just disregard whatever that person says because he just wants to blame somebody and not debate actual issues . 
  the population of slavs and other peoples in bulgaria literally accepted bulgarian leadership without any fighting . 
  eu , europe 's scapegoat . 
  wait . . ar . . are you agreeing with me ? 
  only country that was `` kicked out '' was turkey , and not completely . 
  we have many words and half our cuisine as parts of the many things they left us . 
  calling it slight influence would be completely wrong . 
  hahaha . 
   more diversity would be letting everybody follow their cultures in their homecountries . 
  but thats not diversity ? 
  armenians being armenian in armenia is not diversity . 
  true . 
  its just that the rising hate is being generated by the migration issues europe is experiencing right now from that region . 
  i cant even . 
  my ancestors accepted slavic and then bulgarian culture and turkish and greek and so many more cultures and changed themselves to become this amalgamation of cultures and traditions we call today 's bulgaria . 
  the differences in some of those cultures were massive . 
  you are full of shit . 
   the cultures you want to get here , will the the opposite : bring us back to the stone age . 
  what ? 
  i cant even .
