  jeez you pennsylvanian dutch cant catch a hint . 
  i blew two tires during the winter after i didnt see a hole in the middle of the lane . 
  the lack of drainage canals and the road being lowest in the middle hid the hole completely with water as it was raining . 
  was going only 20-25km / h but the asphalt had developed a perfect edge at the end of the hole which tore both tires beyond repair . 
  this was on a 4 lane road ( 2 on each side ) . 
  ~ ~ i am jealous of belgium and their roads . ~ ~ ^ went ^ a ^ bit ^ too ^ far ^ there, 
  do you not see how hating a whole nation due to something that happened in the past does not make any sense ? 
  even now with all russia is doing i would never go out of my way to dislike a person from russia . 
  i can say though that i despise their politics , their government and everybody who supports the current regime but i would never pre-judge a person before i have met him/her . 
  a lot of bad things have happened in the past . 
  i am 100 % sure that russians have suffered as greatly as your grandfather/grandmother to acts done by your countrymen . 
  but if we continue not forgiving we would just enter an infinite loop of revenge and suffering . 
  what do you think would be better for your people in the future ; a future of non-stop rivalry based on nothing more than past events with more people suffering on both sides , or forgiving ( not forgetting ) past events and working towards a peaceful and prosperous co-existence with no more suffering and injustice ? 
  nah bigot is about irrational hate due to difference in opinions . 
  hating a nation or an ethnicity is imo racism . 
  nah they just gave untrained , unorganised and trigger-happy separatists high-tech military equipment and ammunition with the capabilities to take down a plane travelling at + 10km altitude ( higher than military planes fly ) . 
  not to mention that if it wasnt for the russian soldiers , tanks/other military equipment , russian artillery strikes into ukraine the civil war would have ended much sooner . 
  macron wants to institute a conscription for men and women when they turn 18 years old . 
  its only a month ( for now ) but still . 
  unfortunately they also learned it with the italian price of goods . 
  the unity ones are my favourite because imo they will always remain true , unlike all the god and fatherland ones . 
  macron plans to drop the liberte part for people turning 18 . 
  i was talking about the new ones and the ones pictured by op , im not sure where the replaced ones are from . 
  no i mean the number 20,22 , etc. 
  the orange ones that had oval ends unlike the one op picked . 
  they replaced them with modified czech ones that are white and red in colour and are actually pretty nice and a big upgrade . 
  trams of sofia 2017 and czechia 1989 haha . 
  i believe these are the oldest ones currently after they replaced the older ones with slightly younger ones from * you guessed it * czechia . 
  yeah made me think . 
  its a very difficult thing to rationalise . 
  on one hand i truly believe in the freedom of movement and dislike xenophobia and nationalism . 
  but on the other when i think of people like eastern europeans , for example , going to western europe and living in their little poland or romania/bulgaria i just think its rather immoral and exploitative . 
  i dont think those people * owe * their new country anything more than the normal things like taxes but going there ** just ** for the money and then refusing to integrate even the tiniest bit is pretty shitty imo . 
  i am against the idea that language and country go hand in hand but this is ridiculous . 
  how detached do you have to be from the society you live in to not know its language after 25 years living there ? 
  this is fucking awesome . 
  i love well thought out , creative and efficient infrastructure and this just gave me a huge boner . 
  we need to focus on the crossfire where the french and german reds meet . 
  in the other zones they are taking out each other . 
  i dont know about romania but i have heard of many bulgarians that live in europe and most of them are unhappy even with the better living conditions and wages . 
  moving across a continent to a completely new culture and people just for the money is not that easy and many people dont like it . 
  so even though the wages are massively better , there are other factors in play here that will become more important as bulgaria and romania start catching up on the wage difference . 
  501,31 if you wan na join, 
  they removed the thread though . 
  dont know where else we can organise this . 
  that wont work , i tried already they make it blue again . 
  we should start somewhere else . 
  there are 2 currently on the front page including this one , thats far off from filled . 
  and again , just because more people support one side doesnt mean the whole subreddit has an anti-brexit agenda . 
  anti-brexit agenda would be if the mods started clearing any pro-brexit comments and posts . 
  just because more people on this subreddit dislike brexit than like it doesnt mean its biased or with an anti-brexit agenda . 
  no because its a comic . 
  but its not me who is putting in too much meaning into a comic . 
  im getting annoyed by these posts saying how biased everybody who doesnt agree with them is . 
  being unbiased doesnt mean agreeing with both opinions/sides equally , it means being rational and using facts to base your opinion on . 
  just because one side is less liked doesnt mean people are being unfair . 
  because the deal they have made with the us about visa-free travel is for all of the eu , so when the us is not letting in eastern europeans from the eu they are breaching the agreement . 
  the uk will have to agree to the same thing but since they are going from free movement to no visa for travel ( which would be with a time limit , usually 3 months i believe ) they wont have much of a problems since they would have dealt with any of the issues during their time in the eu . 
  poland like any other country has its problems and i am not going to go all sentimental saying its the best country in the world but i am just going to go by the cold hard facts and say that poland has developed into one of the best countries in the world to live in , still some distance from western europe but very quickly closing the distance . 
  i think its not even questionable anymore whether poland is a better country than turkey . 
  poland has a better score in almost everything , gdp per capita , freedom of press ( pis is far from being erdogan ) , hdi , etc. 
  its not about bitterness but about not giving the uk the rights they refuse to accept the regulations for . 
  they will not lose visa-free travel because they just need to be a stable democratic country that is not hostile . 
  the issue first developed due to lack of governance on the issue . 
  people found out that one can forgo paying tax in certain ways with no consequences so everybody who doesnt see it as morally wrong does it . 
  if the government actually starts doing its job and starts working on some of the larger cases with all the media attention and even word to mouth the news will spread and people will little by little stop doing it . 
  it doesnt matter if its germany , france or greece . 
  lack of police control and fear of repercussion will always lead to people abusing the law . 
  the only difference between these countries is , apart from cultural which does play a role of course , how well the government and the institutions within it upstand the law . 
  arrest a few hundred people and send a message . 
  what was offensive about it ? 
  did they resort to widespread lies like the leave campaign did ? 
  did they belittle and insult like the leave campaign did ? 
  did they result to populist bullshit tactics like calling leaving a union with voluntary membership gaining independence ? 
  the uk already had extra rights such as the rebate and no obligation to change to the euro . 
  they didnt appreciate it , made a very offensive leave campaign and ended up leaving the eu . 
  we should not give any ground . 
  when they discovered that journalism is hard but sensationalism isnt . 
  that is unfortunate . 
  there must be a mistake bulgaria is not in there . 
  they * think * dps represents them as minorities and that is how dps markets itself . 
  most people are not that interested in politics to know more than that . 
  i have a feeling most bulgarians think that the turkish minority have formed some sort of secret faction where they want to destroy bulgaria , but these people are normal working and tax paying citizens like you and me with different opinions and etc. 
  for most of them to vote for one minority driven party means major trust issues with everybody else and these issues are never unfounded . 
  it is true that its not only the fault of bulgarians , both sides need to take steps toward fraternity so we can solve this . 
  i am bulgarian so that 's why i focus on what the bulgarians need to do . 
  but if we dont fix this we will all lose . 
  ah i wondered why turkey was neutral in ww2 , this explains it . 
  in bulgaria i dont even care if the party is left or right ( as long as they arent communists or nationalists and radicals ) as the issues we face are much more serious than in western eurpe , so serious that they make the differences between left and right unimportant . 
  same . 
  unfortunately with rb , new republic , and yes bulgaria being separate entities we lost on much of the progressive vote . 
  i know these parties vary greatly in some aspects but they are supported by the same demographics . 
  will see what happens in the next elections next year haha . 
   you have wilfully and gladly drank the western-leftist kool aid of `` white-guilt '' and `` everything is our fault '' . 
  i try to be neutral and rational . 
  the way i refuse to generalise the turks i will refuse to generalise us as collective perpetrators . 
  i have no guilt but i see things as they are . 
   bulgaria has not had any repressive , any anti-turkish measures in the past 25 years , on the contrary - we avoided any yugoslav style cleansing or war . 
  at no point did bulgarian paramilitaries go to kill the turks like they did in yugoslavia . 
  we forbid them nothing - not to have their own turkish news , turkish schools , turkish political party even .
