  i for sure dont want and wont live in a eu-less europe . 
  lol at the one with the sheep jumping off the cliff . 
  turns out you just need to completely fuck up your country 's financial situation for decades in order to save yourself . 
  good job greece , you did it !, 
  it was the same for religion and absolute monarchies . 
  we should always strive to make our world better . 
  i just think that nationalism and state need to be separate like religion and state are . 
  governance and administration should be based on values not nationality . 
  so everything is everything ? 
  :d im not sure i like that distinction . 
  how is that fearmongering ? 
  brexit would cause the uk to leave a bunch of treaties and the remain campaign focused on what severing those treaties would do . 
  if they didnt focus on that they would have only presented 1/5th of the issue to the people . 
  basically nothing has and nothing will happen until the first reports of the deal they will get surfaces . 
  what lies did the remain campaign say ? 
  i am genuinely interested . 
  arent the right and left wing also separated by authoritarian and liberal ? 
  fascism is based on authoritarianism and nationalism which are both seen as right wing while their counterparts like liberalism and socialism , communism are seen as left wing . 
  we all know that the wing system is flawed and confusing as fuck but it is established as such that fascism falls under the right side of the spectrum . 
  you will always find experts to quarrel over probably most types of government . 
  such is the case for hitler 's national socialist party and others . 
  i believe in multi-culturalism and all , but that requires willing participants . 
  knowing how nationalistic the balkans are how the fuck is montenegro going to survive the next several decades ? 
  i knew bosnia was a clusterfuck but didnt think montenegro would be as bad . 
  history of poland or `` and then the russians and germans came '' . 
  the reason was desire to explore . 
  if china or the caliphates had been as interested they would have achieved the same outcome . 
  harder to dominate the world when its not filled with people who live in huts and havent even researched animal husbandry . 
  really ? 
  cause people calling on nationals to be more patriotic because their openness is shameful is so right wing . 
  i am ok with this . 
  whether my example was good or not doesnt matter . 
  did you really not grasp what i was saying ? 
  the recent failures of poor immigration policies are not an argument against multi-culturalism . 
  it worked pretty well for decades within europe . 
  hence a failed capitalist state is not an example of how capitalism is inherently bad . 
   multi-culturalism is failing in most countries , with a few exceptions . 
  multi culturalism worked in europe for decades . 
  your issue is not with multi-culturalism its with the muslim immigrants who refuse to integrate . 
  there was no issue with inner-european multi-culturalism and i wont allow you to force us to segregate ourselves because of poor immigrant policies . 
   multi-culturalism is simply a huge failure . 
  this shit again . 
  then i point to greece and say capitalism is simply a huge failure . 
  multi culturalism is based on equality . 
  this is racism . 
  when a person says they are pro-nationality ( like pro-german ) it sounds like they are xenophobes trying to hide it with a more socially acceptable term . 
  that is what i was responding to not the actual immigration issue . 
  i think we can all agree against uncontrolled immigration , in fact i have been for the australian solution since i heard of it at the start of the whole crisis . 
  this is different than xenophobia . 
  xenophobia is what many people in the uk have against eastern european immigrants who do honest labour and pay their taxes . 
  it is an unreasonable fear of outsiders . 
  wanting good citizens as immigrants is not irrational . 
  yeah the real term is xenophobic nationalists . 
  weird eastern european view of morality strikes again . 
  keep the homos away from the kids so they dont grow up to play pokemongo in church . 
  lovely . 
   recently , he spoke with ten young syrians . 
  `` two of them spoke german , were doing well , and reminded me of myself back then , '' he says . 
  `` the other eight were telling me that ` allah gave us germany as a refuge , not the germans ' . '' most syrians and other muslims , he now thinks , will never integrate , instead retreating into misogynistic , anti-semitic and anti-democratic worldviews and segregating themselves in radicalised enclaves . 
  this is how i have felt about the refugee crisis from the start . 
  20 % will assimilate the others will radicalise . 
  either we find a way to distinguish between the two groups or non of them should be allowed to enter the modern european societies . 
  yeah that makes sense . 
  i get scared when people talk about eu-wide taxes because bulgaria has a very weird relationship with taxes where we have low wages but also we have top 5 lowest taxes in europe ( lowest in the eu ) . 
  so even polish taxes would greatly destabilise our economy . 
  i dont know about this . 
  why would anybody choose bulgaria if not for the 10 % corporate tax ? 
  i dont know the situation in other countries but ive personally not had any issues with the migrants nor have heard that someone has . 
  and ive always been against the current plan , but the media has created 70 % of the problem themselves . 
  shame is a far-right party will win an election sooner or later just because of their anti-immigration policies but everything else they offer will be shit . 
  how dare you question the hive mind ? 
  refugee crisis is the worst thing to happen since ww2 . 
  historically russia and life for its people have always been best after they lose a war and spending gets redirected to stuff rather than the military . 
  thats until the next warlord becomes in charge and the whole cycle starts again . 
  sometimes i wonder if even the people would trade military might for economic stability . 
  russia has lots of resources and just a couple of good governments can turn the tides . 
  but people will continue voting for putin and people like him will continue to get 90 % approval ratings because the people prefer to annex crimea rather than better their civil rights . 
  i wasnt saying that we shouldnt question this . 
  rather that people should be less receptive to the trash that russia throws at the west . 
  people in russia are so blinded that they are mind-washed by the government controlled media to blame the west for anything which only worsens their chances of finding a solution to their oligarch problem . 
  its very important that western people dont start doing this as well . 
  i bet youve hear people say `` i wish we had a real leader like putin '' . 
  the west and russia arent judged on the same level by either side . 
  the west is always expected to make no controversies whilst putin 's political enemies are being found with bullets in their heads and nobody bats an eye because `` its just russia '' . 
  i wasnt talking about the issue but rather addressing what op was saying . 
  they do in all the institutions . 
  laws are made with the whole eu under consideration . 
  sometimes you get the short stick but overall we all benefit from the cooperation . 
  dont you ? 
  a peninsula is a piece of land surrounded on 3 sides by water . 
  the cia map seems pretty good to me . 
  doesnt make sense to carve out land in the middle of it . 
  that would be like saying madrid or zaragoza arent in the iberian peninsula . 
   anyway , we have to be responsible for our actions , i hope the attackers will be prosecuted in poland , and jailed in polish prison that makes no sense . 
  the attack took place in another country with other laws and punishments . 
  you say the origin of the victim is not important but then want to send the guilty party to the victim 's origin . 
  very interesting . 
  i knew there were new factories opening in plovdiv yearly but in my mind i still felt it was stagnating . 
  i think we always knew that the winning side would get blamed for every little thing no matter if it was derived from the vote . 
  but until we actually learn what deal the uk will get its just throwing shit at each other with each side having its own threads where the opposite opinion gets downvoted .
