  i have nothing against it , if they were the ultimate good but iraq and the rise of isis has proven that they make mistakes . 
  and what happens if trump wins ? 
  we need to be able to have our own military influence and be ready to be more independent if we need to . 
  at the end of the day i think people put too much symbolism in governance and administration . 
  in regards to those two things isnt the most rational solution the best solution ? 
  * just balkan things *, 
  yes it is . 
  unity  division, 
  and as i understand the city was incredibly beautiful before its destruction . 
  shame it was up to the communists to rebuild it . 
  but it is becoming a very beautiful city again . 
  it is clean , safe and i felt like i was in a western europe rather than ee the last time i went there . 
  i know many people dislike the skyscrapers but for me that only signifies how well poland is doing right now and what an important center warsaw has become . 
  well i think that the eu already does that even without the united army but yeah the more unified we are the least chance there is that we will go off doing stupid shit over stupid shit . 
  watch the movie equilibrium and maybe you will learn why emotions are important . 
  its the same thing with the french flags after the paris attacks , people on reddit criticise them for `` not being real contributions '' but they are because it shows solidarity . 
  i do not want an emotionless robot as a foreign minister , what a sad world it would be if it became what you want it to . 
  people always say we need to be more independent from the us yet still refuse to even think of a united military . 
  a bloody [ mutant monkey ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c6/8b/d9/c68bd92924c178836566b71fb5d5de22.jpg ) understands the necessity to unite but we still ca n't . 
  person expresses emotion and on that you base your opinion that we shouldnt have a united army ? 
  first people need to learn that accepting these refugees and letting them into our society isnt good for them or us . 
  they cant assimilate and it drives more of them to leave their countries making it harder for them to recover . 
  the australian solution works because it sends a message that just because they can make it to australia it doesnt mean they will get to stay there , in all cases they will have to live in such a camp with only basic necessities for months before a chance at getting asylum . 
  this for me has been the most rational response to the crisis since i first heard of it a couple of years ago and it baffles me why we havent done it yet . 
  and this is coming from a liberal federalist . 
  even though accepting the refugees into europe will be better for the number of them that get to stay , it only creates a bigger challenge for the ones that had to remain . 
  i just think we should be separate from countries like poland and russia because 90 % of our similarities end with our languages and the warsaw pact . 
  oh yeah just let the dictators continue abusing their people and conquering each other . 
  what the us did was not good , but those dictators needed to go . 
  if the uk and france still controlled the region i can bet my life that we would not have seen 1/100th of the issues in the past half century . 
  instead what we have is dictatorships , endless wars following tribal factions and shoddy corrupt governments who just enable terrorist organisation with their ineptitude . 
  ive been calling for the australian solution for like 3 years , what are you talking about ? 
  i see the media has scared you well enough . 
  this issue has been so overblown that you wont realise it until 20 years later when you recognise that you have n't thought about the refugee crisis in over a decade . 
  but dont mind me do continue misplacing your attention , oh look shiny sensational title `` a million freeloaders rape blonde german welfare system '' . 
  5 years `` prove to / u/leo _ ash that i am not daft '', 
  in 5 years this issue will be forgotten . 
  most of it was overblown by the media and right-wing `` independence '' parties to push their nationalistic , divisional beliefs anyway . 
  ** edit ** - i have said this in the past , much closer to when the refugee crisis was happening , instead of this i got quite a bit of people agreeing with me . 
  interesting how fast things change on here . 
  there already are massive wealth transfers . 
  12 % of poland 's 2015 budget was eu money . 
  and this argument was used pretty heavily in the brexit campaign . 
  but i think most people in western europe understand the necessity of subsidising the growth of the poorer nation so that they have better trade partners and stronger allies . 
  the euro , federalisation , common army all these things are good for europe if we commit . 
  imagine if the us had 50 currencies , 50 armies and 50 different regulations on everything . 
  obviously a common currency , and a common administrative and regulatory system will aide europe . 
  and saying it wont because people dont want to do it is not an argument against it . 
  its an argument against people choosing emotion over rationality . 
  the russian fleet and airforce arent so large as to easily defeat the uk . 
  you have to remember that russia has a lot more territory to protect so it cant rely on 100 % of its forces . 
  the uk also has 2 brand new carriers due to be commissioned this year . 
  it will not be an easy victory at all . 
  this is laughable . 
  unless we are talking nuclear warfare , britain can hold off russia as long as it has man power . 
  the only thing russia has on the uk is a bigger army and more man power to draw from , it loses on every other factor . 
  you 're wrong , and its not okay to sprout random bs without backing it up . 
  i know the saudis spend the most per capita , whats your point ? 
  what else matters ? 
  training , structure and organisation , and manpower . 
  coupled together , i think germany and poland best russia in all of these . 
  i think poland and germany alone could ( assuming there is a several year period of military build-up ) face off against russia . 
  if germany just spends 100 % of their surplus on the military it would be on par with what the uk spends and that is only $ 10b less than russia , poland is already spending about $ 8b so it wont be hard to reach and surpass russian military spending . 
  not to mention that together , poland and germany have a bigger population and man power to draw from . 
  i dont believe this . 
  in a 100 % army vs 100 % army on a grassy field yeah , but the brits can use their technological and organisational advantage to out-smart the russian army . 
  the number of russian soldiers and equipment that are up to the uk 's standards may be smaller in number than the uk 's . 
  definitely , but its still in my top 5 best cities in the world . 
  yeah a couple of my friends tried to vacation in budapest this summer and both got robbed . 
  fucking `` youth '' . 
  thank god the germans didnt have that shitty attitude for half the 20th century . 
  i am not that familiar with it but i assume that it aims at creating a better administrative and political groups for the eu in the future . 
  a person that has studied it has a better chance at securing a job in the eu which would open vast career opportunities . 
  whats the use ? 
  if more people were educated on what the eu is and is not we wouldnt be waiting for the uk to activate article 50 . 
  i read it in the last election 's thread here on r/europe . 
  it was something related to domestic violence . 
  nah you should let it do its thing.if people dont wan na learn irish why force them to ? 
  languages and cultures shouldnt be preserved artificially . 
  wasnt this guy absurdly sexist ? 
  i follow her on twitter as she does have the passion to make things better , but sadly when it comes to equality she is strongly on just empowering women rather than making both genders equal . 
  she has dozens of bs feminist posts like the wage gap and i have certainly seen her posting stats about there not being enough women in white collar jobs . 
  that is not how it works though . 
  i think most countries offer them the possibility to stay if they learn the language and have a necessary job like doctor or fireman . 
  it has never been so that 100 % of the people that come will eventually leave . 
   self determination does n't make forced , multi-ethnic empires as shitty , violent and oppressive as they were . 
  agreed but having willing unions is much better than normal nation states . 
  like the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  i am not saying that multi-national collectives are better just because they are multi-national . 
  membership needs to be voluntary . 
  i am not choosing them because they are syrian but because many of them are educated and have a more valid reason to be refugees coupled with them having less buffer countries between theirs ' and europe . 
   tried and which failed . 
  and as i said you cant give me examples of the middle ages or from ancient history and say those are examples of the need of nation-states . 
   destabilized just by the fact that the majority of people do n't want to be ruled by people they see as different be it language wise , culture wise or whatever other characteristic of nation it may be ok i agree , but this is saying it wont work because we dont want it to work . 
  first we need to find what is the best option for us and then we have to see how we get there . 
  all i was saying is that i believe that something like a federal europe would be the most stable and best solution for the future . 
  whether or not the people will want to do this is another topic . 
  yet you are defending the argument that nationalism is what stabilised waring europe . 
  if they wish to immigrate they can go through the standard procedure . 
  but the best we should do for those refugees is fund their camps outside the eu .
