  i am not that familiar with poland in this regard but for example i have seen enough people who are against the refugees for no other reason than for them being muslim . 
  i do not support the relocation program either but not because of xenophobic or racist ideologies . 
  i am quite serious . 
  do you really not understand what a balanced or equal society is ? 
  morally behind is for example most of the muslim world with their sexism and homophobia , etc. , dont make me explain why behind and lesser are basically the same thing in this context . 
  and to be clear i do not label myself as a progressive or anything else and have independently arrived at most conclusions . 
  so dont try to disregard my arguments because i believe in something that may or may not be achievable or by saying they are a front i present to people as `` advertisement '' to seem more progressive or some shit . 
  and how is civil rights and ideologies not for politics ? 
  everybody has done slavery and discrimination and racism . 
  the point is that the west stopped and the east still hasnt . 
  in the west they stopped it so hard they went to the other extreme with the pc bs and over-tolerance but this is because of how humans function . 
  instead of fixating on a balanced approach from the start we go fighting one extreme with an opposite one . 
  but the west is much closer to creating a properly balanced society than anywhere else on earth . 
  and what if their approach is the best one ? 
  will we never try it just because its western and they are `` forcing it on us '' ? 
  eastern europe * is * morally and socially behind , the only thing the east is somewhat better at is women rights because of the socialist years where women were equal citizens much sooner than the west . 
  but lgbt rights , civil rights , tolerance , press freedom , the west is decades in front of us and we need to do some catching up . 
  the west doesnt dislike us because of some random prejudice they have against us . 
  we have completely earned their distrust with the shitty governments and societies we have created . 
  the ball is in our court to change and we should do it for ourselves . 
  improving ourselves for the approval of the west is wrong the same way not improving to show the west off is wrong . 
  i mean you must agree people are right to bash russia and turkey for the current political and societary situations in the countries . 
  i dont like thinking like that . 
  we are supposed to instead think about what is going to make our future better . 
  currently it is impossible or hard to do only because the people think it is hard to do . 
  there is no reason to think that a federal europe will wipe out the variety of cultures and traditions . 
  i think people like you are still confused between a nation-state in the 19th-20th century and what a country is now . 
  has the eu wiped our cultures even though it has turned into a political union ? 
  no , it has in fact made it easier for us to celebrate our differences instead of fighting over them . 
  just because merkel is the most powerful of the heads of state in the eu doesnt make her a eu president . 
  closest person to that is juncker a person who was elected to lead the eu commission by the parliament of which the officials you personally helped elect from your country preside in . 
  i do not understand why people are so against federalization . 
  look at the us . 
  do you think they would be the n1 superpower in the world if they hadnt united ? 
  would the uk be one of the strongest nations without scotland , wales and n.ireland ? 
  at what point do we realise that separating ourselves in you and me is keeping us back from achieving piece and a more prosperous world ? 
  and for what do we separate ourselves , because 200,300,1000 years ago some random dudes decided what out cultural and societary borders are going to be ? 
  fuck that noise . 
  i dont think history should matter . 
  more important is the current state of affairs and i cant see how russia can be 1/100th of the ally the west can be in terms of reliance and the prosperity and opportunities it could bring to serbia and its people . 
  i think it should do both and thus i support a two-speed europe letting some countries remain in an only economic union while the rest federalize . 
  i hate it when people put emotion over reason . 
  do say what you think on these issues . 
  yeah not being in the eu really left you untouched by the migrant crisis did n't it . 
  what are the obvious reasons to want closer ties with russia ? 
  well even though the nazis invaded bulgaria we still joined them instead of capitulating or not engaging in the war . 
  bulgaria transported and killed many jews in serbia and greece and even had its own concentration camp . 
  and at the end of the war when it was clear it was over bulgaria surrendered and declared war on germany anf proposed peace to the soviets . 
  soviets did not accept the peace offer making bulgaria the only country at war with both nazi germany and the ussr . 
  dont know how much bulgaria fought vs russia it was more them invading , raping and killing as they passed on to their way to berlin . 
  plus the coup they created that instilled the communist party plaguing the country for the next 50 years . 
  i do agree that the russians are their own worst enemy creating this anti-western mentality . 
  and yeah its quite funny discussing nato with russians . 
  i mean one side makes missiles called shield and the other sword . 
  plus with what they are doing in ukraine and georgia no shit i want to be protected . 
  them acting aggressively to us defending ourselves from them is an even bigger reason to defend ourselves harder . 
  never understood why some eastern european countries view the west as morally handicapped . 
  maybe its because they want to feel superior at least in one thing so they victimise the pursuit of wealth and prosperity because they have non and are envious . 
  i read a book some time ago called `` the next 100 years '' written by a respected futurologists ( is that a word ? ), 
  which stated poland would be one of the new superpowers of the 21st century . 
  it also said russia would collapse . 
  i dont think either of these things will happen within the next 80 years but its still interesting , i definitely recommend the book its a fun read . 
  the funniest thing is that bulgaria has proportionately more roma people than romania but we are thankful you picked up basically all the hate . 
  cheers !, 
  juncker has stated that it would take ukraine at least about 20 years to join and that is if things stay on track . 
  if they meet the necessary requirements i dont see any issues with them joining the eu . 
  ukraine is in a very bad state though , and i do not see them reaching the eu requirements in the next 50 years unless they manage to get ridiculously good governments in the future . 
  prost !, 
  just noticed res keeps a record on upvotes/downvotes next to the users name . 
  seems i agree with you a lot . 
  we ought to have a beer sometime . 
  ^ ^ as ^ ^ soon ^ ^ as ^ ^ i ^ ^ migrate . 
  you are correct , i was even admiring how high the us was when looking at the stats . 
  after-work brain i guess , sorry . 
  its japan 's fault . 
  richest country without a deficit and the highest gdp ppp per capita without counting the tax havens and countries with less than 8mil population . 
  you can safely say germany is the most financially stable and proportionally richest country on earth . 
  and less than 3 decades ago half of it was poor as fuck and a different country . 
  god damn . 
  it is possible in civil countries like the uk and spain . 
  its not the idea that its flawed , its the warmongering countries fault . 
  but we cant be cool with bigger countries bullying and conquering smaller countries be it russia or the us or china . 
  this is why i like the eu and schengen . 
  no need to fight and quarrel with each other over land and resources because they are allowed to flow easily through the whole eu without any tariffs or bureaucrats stooping them . 
  dont live to work , work to live . 
  but i mean how are they stupid for working hard and making their country the 4th richest one in the world . 
  but if some people want to secede let them vote . 
  i really dont support it but people should have the right to do it . 
  crimea is different because russia actually conquered it with its military while ukraine was busy with a bloody change of government and then created a rotten referendum where some regions voted 117 % in favour of joining russia . 
  it was nothing more than an illegal annexation which defied international law , therefore you cant say the same thing about it . 
  that one comment about them being alone vs the world is very revealing . 
  i do n't think its true but by thinking and acting that way they are actually alienating themselves . 
  i do n't support any secessions in the modern world because usually they just make one 's country worse and the opportunities the people have less . 
  at the same time i do n't see why the serbians even care that they got rid of the poorest and hardest to administer region in their country which has the gdp of one goat but costs actual money on the government and the serbian people . 
  and no offence kosovo , i hope the best for you and your future . 
  true , but what i said is also true . 
  my comment was n't that bitchy though , was it ? 
  maybe the last sentence was too much but although i am being a little sarcastic my arguments are valid . 
  and yeah everybody has to bitch out sometimes , but i do n't think you have the right when making such an important decision , right ? 
  damn .
