  we have a very perfect example of what happens when a country closes itself off from the world and `` protects '' its identity . 
  look at the difference between the western and eastern bloc . 
  look at north korea vs south korea . 
  isolationism is not the answer . 
  i am bulgarian and i wish the best for all bulgarians and people living here . 
  i want the best for every country and every person on this planet . 
  as a bulgarian i do feel a certain responsibility that makes me want to do what i can for bulgaria . 
  i think having such discussions is the best we can do . 
  maybe i am wrong maybe i am right . 
  but you cant just shut off every different opinion that does not comply with the status-quo . 
  change should always be considered . 
  why are you bulgarian ? 
  because some guys from far away broke the status-quo and founded bulgaria . 
  why are you christian ? 
  because some guy said fuck you to everybody and made them all become christian . 
  had you been born 300 km to the south-east you would have been a turk and a muslim . 
  religion , nationality , all these things are randomly generated , so its dumb and silly to lead our lives based on some throw of the die . 
  `` yeas sorry my late 9th century knowledge of the viking raids in england is somewhat lacking so i cant judge my danish neighbour '', 
  are we really comparing today 's turks to the nomadic ottomans from over 600 years ago ? 
  come on dude . 
  everybody raped their way to somewhere at some point in history . 
  30 years ago people were much more nationalistic and idolised everything bulgarian much more irrationally than today . 
  is it not important to improve and to evolve , though ? 
  i am bulgarian , i care for the future of bulgaria and therefore hope that life in it improves for everybody . 
  just because a majority of bulgarians hate homosexuals and are racist towards turkish people does n't make it right . 
  just because the bible says that you should n't eat pork does n't mean there are no more pork-eating christians . 
  we can remain bulgaria without being dicks to the turks . 
  i hate the idea of a nation-state and would hate to live in a ethno-segregated world . 
  what is bulgaria anyway ? 
  because 1500 years ago 30 000 bulgarians settled and mixed in with 2 million slavs and other ethnicities and formed the military and ruling elite of the country everybody in it will be bulgarian forever ? 
  who cares what the country is called , by now it is just a relic of some name that used to mean something a thousand years ago . 
  what matters to me is that we secure a good and equal future . 
  i do not mind if they wrote the signs in turkish in the turk predominant regions . 
  they have as much right to live in bulgaria as we do and as human beings they have the right to be treated equally and fairly . 
  if they become a major nationality then fuck it lets rename the country , but it is unreasonable to do it now when they are only around 12 % . 
  treating them as equal citizens does not mean we need to go to the other extreme and become half turks or something . 
  i have never fought for a segregated nation-state not that you have fought for anything either . 
  but if we go with `` we '' and `` them '' they fought for this land too and ottoman bulgaria is the longest governmental state that has existed in these lands . 
  by this type of logic we can go and just give them the country back as it is rightfully theirs . 
  should n't turkish be an official language if more than 10 % of the population speak it ? 
  and why does everybody go ballistic when they want to teach their children turkish but everybody is proud when schools in the ukraine and even brazil teach bulgarian to their bulgarian minorities ? 
  if there is ethnic instability in bulgarian because of this , it would be because our country is backwards and we would definitely be in the wrong here . 
  whats the point of having official languages ? 
  seems like an issue creator because until you include every small minority someone will always feel excluded . 
  getting paid less for the same job would be an issue . 
  but there has been no proof that it happens in the western world . 
  the media are instead spending their time in such useless statistics because they present misinterpreted shocking conclusions and are better at creating traffic . 
  * if * women were getting paid less for doing the same job that would truly be an issue , but men overall earning more than women is not derived from unequal treatment . 
  they dont . 
  its just a trick the media has been using for a while to get people to say `` oh wow how unequal our society is '' and read their bs conclusions . 
  same with the statistics on % of women bosses . 
  i bet if there were more women bosses than men in an industry they would call that industry fair and equal . 
  she is not the chancellor germany needs or deserves right now . 
  she must let the courts do their work . 
  the former czechoslovak and former many other things but not chechnya republic of czechia formerly known as the czech republic . 
  north macedonia just because we havent had a quarrel with our balkan friends in a while . 
  also instead of bulgarian and bulgarians i want us to be called bulgar and bulgars . 
  i think saying `` im bulgar '' sounds super cool . 
  sounds like a good deal if they pay nothing to the germans . 
  the decision to run in the first place tore his family apart , so i find it unlikely that he runs too . 
  shame . 
  i felt he was an honest politician with real aspirations of helping his country . 
  i like plevneliev and hope he runs for re-election this october . 
  dumb move . 
  good way of creating 2 issues instead of fixing 1 . 
  in canada at least , to gain visa-free travel the country needs to have a visa-denial and immigration violation rate below a certain percentage which bulgaria is far from . 
  so basically people do not obey their immigration agreements or visa restrictions and overstay and take the whole country down with them . 
  i dont agree . 
  i think at some point the job market will hit an equilibrium where it is as promising to stay in bulgaria as it is to go in the west when you account for how stressful and scary moving away is . 
  and i think in about 5-10 years the fertility rate will be restored at sustainable levels ( it is growing currently ) and with business growing there will be more job opportunities not to mention taxes so the government can spend more on education and government jobs for teachers , cops , doctors , etc. 
  we need to embrace the free market because over-regulations and restrictions ( like during the socialist years ) completely destroyed the balance . 
  regardless of what happens at the referendum the winning side will be blamed for every little thing that goes wrong in the next 50 years . 
  the english kingdoms too fought for independence and self governance . 
  shame some wessex nazis came and made them united and shit . 
  and to me its perfectly reasonable for them to not allow bulgarians and romanians visa-free . 
  in 10 years maybe . 
  well you were okay after ww2 as well but thats not a justification for the war . 
  i kinda want them to leave so they blame every little problem in their country on the leave campaign and the decision to leave instead of on the eu . 
  one can only hope . 
  its because the us and canada wont let eastern-europeans travel visa-free when they have an agreement with the eu to do so for all members . 
  politics is politics . 
  if they took away veto powers everybody will start calling the eu nazis or something . 
  when people are in this mindset no matter what the eu does it is in the wrong . 
  eu human rights act-literally helping terrorists and isis . 
  yeah but they will be able to disregard the eu human rights act so #worth . 
  that doesnt seem productive though . 
  the nazis had basically entered the country when the bulgarian government was given the option to join or fight . 
  bulgaria joined . 
  i mean i even said how the bulgarians fought in greece and serbia for the nazis . 
  i am sceptical the soviets punished their soldiers , bulgaria wasnt more special than romania or poland to them . 
  bulgaria had even joined ww1 on the opposite side so i dont see ground for sympathy to develop . 
  it is an aggressive move , but a move that is called for . 
  russia has over and over again proven to be irrational . 
  the russian people have been easily brain-washed by the government blaming everything on the west . 
  i do no see a an entity powerful enough in russia to stop one crazed guy from going on a rampage . 
  knowing this it is perfectly reasonable to have some sort of defence in place vs a country that believes that a show of force is the best way to earn respect . 
  and currently there is no other viable defence vs missiles ( anti-missile lasers are quite new ) so what else are the west to do ? 
  morality and laws are separate things . 
  bulgaria had many in the past century , laws that discriminated against bulgarian turks . 
  even though there are no more such laws both societies have segregated and there is still a lot of racism towards turkish people .
