  there is no eu plan for the refugees/migrants who have come through since then , for example the million or so that germany and austria accepted through the balkan route . 
  that is their business because they made that decision by themselves without the eu . 
  ** there are no open borders to any refugees from any countries as far as the eu is concerned ** though countries can do what they want . 
  honestly in the big scheme of things i could care less about a couple thousand refugees here and there being redistributed through the eu for 10 or 20 years whatever . 
  that is imo a problem blown up by the media and populist politicians . 
  even if they stayed i could n't care less for the 2k we will have in bulgaria , the issue is ideological rather than real . 
  like it happened with bosnia in the 1990s nobody is going to give a crap about these refugees 5-10 years later . 
  so imo the division this has caused within the eu does not at all correspond with the problem , and if this causes lasting issues within it , it would be the most ridiculous thing ever . 
   which means that we lose our influence . 
  the point of the charity is n't to be nice , but to have control . 
  you can somewhat force people to do what you want if you threaten to cut funds from them . 
  but once you cut those funds , you lose that control . 
  that 's international aid not charity . 
  i am well aware of the politics behind international aid , just recently germany started giving aid to afghanistan as well as building a new airport in order to start sending massive waves of migrants back , the aid is just a way to ensure the cooperation of the afghan state . 
  what matters is what is taught at schools . 
  that 's why i said that we need to be careful in picking which african states we support . 
  about the food there are even experts who say that food aid is actually contributing to the problem because its taking jobs away from farmers which is completely destroying the agricultural industry . 
  the sooner we stop the sooner the free market will be able to fix the problem though that might mean the deaths of many people but imo that is inevitable anyway . 
  this is why we need a united europe . 
  99 % of that growth will occur in the undeveloped regions like africa , the middle east and asia . 
  suddenly the most unstable regions will have several times the population of europe , 2 or 3 organised warlords will threaten world peace . 
  just nigeria in 2100 will be more populous than the eu is today and though i was not able to find any projections for just the eu , we know that europe will in general * decline * in population so it is not unlikely for just nigeria to be more populous than the whole eu in 2100 . 
  imo we should also stop giving charity to african states that are unstable and do n't have a stable democracy , free-press , etc. 
  because it will bite us in the ass later . 
  yeah it goes : 1 . closed borders - divided europe 2 . open borders - europe 3 . 
  federation - united strong europe . 
  open borders is just a prerequisite thanks for pointing that out . 
  refugees are pretty much european news and donald trump is possibly the most important person for us from outside of europe . 
  i bet you say the first sentence often . 
  there are soo many like ( sorry for spelling ) \u041a\u0430\u0440\u0443\u0446\u0430 - karuca , \u0447\u043e\u0440\u0430\u043f\u0438 - ciorapi ( i assume the ch sound is like in italian ? 
  and i had to google mamaligari literally never encountered somebody saying that about romanians haha . 
  the language barrier is the only hurdle really . 
  its pretty cool listening to people talking in romanian and then hearing shared words that sound absolutely the same in bulgarian but generally its pretty hard to communicate . 
  lowest taxes in the eu overall . 
  only countries like macedonia , montenegro and moldova have lower taxes . 
  bulgaria is a libertarian 's wet dream . 
   crylic alphabet ( why dont bulgaria use the latin alphabet ? ), 
  it was invented by bulgarians in bulgaria so it has become a massive part of bulgaria 's national identity . 
  i , as a pragmatic , would rather switch to the latin one but i do n't care at all about symbolism where most bulgarians do . 
  the eu does n't have a plan what to do with all the refugees but only the ones that arrived first . 
  the relocation plan is only about the 120 000 that mostly arrived through the mediterranean route to greece and italy as well as some of the ones that stayed in hungary on their way to germany . 
  i am not against the relocation plan , i am talking about how to handle current and future migration waves . 
  the camps also serve as temporary homes to asylum seekers while their applications are processed . 
  this greatly reduces immigration since it removes the guaranty of immediately being sheltered in the eu . 
  whats your solution then ? 
  it is easy to critique when you do n't put forth anything . 
  well there were differences between the eu and bulgaria and romania in 2007 , there still are in many of the things one would call european values . 
  but its no where near the difference between europe and the middle east and africa . 
  but i still think your grandmother had a point , i am sure that if we looked at bulgarian and romania crime rates in western europe they would be substantially higher than average . 
  and this is about 2 stable countries with much better than average results in the peace and crime indexes . 
  now imagine the crime rates of people coming from the lands where isis and boko haram originated from . 
  why is that horrible ? 
  i have heard stories that the aus camps were a bit raunchy but we can do more if we want . 
  imo these camps are a great idea because they discourage migrants whilst still providing genuine refugees with a safe place where they can get their basic necessities and weather out the storm . 
  i agree that they do n't want to destroy anything . 
  but they do n't want to follow the rules for living in a modern society either , maybe it 's even because they ca n't understand them the differences between their old and new countries is massive . 
  i am not against helping them , but i do not see why it is required to have them enter our societies to do so . 
  the australians have had to deal with the same issue and they dealt with it successfully we just have to do what they did - off-shore ( or just out of the eu ) camps where the refugees can be safe until they can return to their homes . 
  imo the debate over the refugees has done more harm than the crisis itself but we have to consider what is happening throughout western europe with the children of muslim immigrants . 
  i do n't think that being muslim by itself is cause for worry , i live in a country with a large muslim minority which is peaceful and as liberal as the christians but being a muslim from certain regions certainly is . 
  we need to realise that we ca n't help everyone by taking them in . 
  if they had european values , sure whatever , but we are talking about people whose societies have n't really changed for half a millennium . 
  at some point they will destroy what made us capable of helping them . 
  russian gas is cheap as long as you do what russia wants . 
  what a great opportunity to continue this tradition of cultural exchange , a tradition that started all the way back in the 1940s . 
  i should not have mentioned that because i am honestly not trying to have a religious debate . 
  fair enough if the number of infected was not tens of times bigger than in islamic africa with a very clear border between the two religions . 
  many of the south african countries are on similar levels if not better than the north african countries as well . 
  though most of the church 's charity goes to good causes there are still many cases where they use the money in politics and in charities that promote hate against groups they find immoral and not to mention the whole `` no condoms '' thing that has led to the aids issue in africa . 
  [ aids map which is basically a map showing how christian each country is ] ( https://thebaumer.files.wordpress.com/2009/05/aids-graphic.jpg ) the basilica was built with donations so from the viewpoint of the state i do n't see anything wrong with it but i still disagree with it morally . 
  but i was actually just angry at op here and his demeaning tone towards people who do n't think like him and the way he had to drag in several different agendas that have nothing to do with religion or the topic he himself chose as op . 
  i did n't downvote the post , as i said my opinion is that it is immoral but i believe in the right of the people who gave their money to build it to do religion their way , as long as its not illegal . 
  what a bunch of bullshit . 
   edgy millennial atheists : `` but why do n't they sell all they have and give it to the poor , haha check mate kkkristians '' you know how when you copy a tape over and over again the quality gets worse and worse and suddenly all you see is static ? 
  you have managed to do this with the general insults against atheists and millennials . 
  most millennials especially in eastern europe do n't like communism , in some countries like poland the youth is much more conservative than their parents . 
  yeah i am an atheist and yes i see this as a huge waste of money . 
  all of you super religious people keep talking about morality and being content with what god gives you and then you justify building this ** golden ** monstrosity instead of using the money to build hospitals and schools or to pay the teachers and doctors more who everybody complains are leaving . 
  and then this pile of horse shit :  also , ironically , polish people most likely . 
  the ones on this sub are overwhelmingly of the hard-core self-hating , national-denying kind that desperately wants to `` fit in '' with the progressive westerners by shitting on poland and all in it , especially connected to history , patriotism or religion . 
  holy shit i am sitting here , mouth agape at the level of ignorance you have willingly allowed to askew your perception of the world to fit your narrative . 
  polish people are * very * religious . 
  in europe the only people that answer `` yes '' more to the questions of `` are you religious '' and `` is there a god '' are * sometimes * romanians [ 1 ] ( https://www.quora.com/is-europe-religious ) [ 2 ] ( https://twitter.com/vividmaps/status/782650384066097152 ) [ atheism in europe ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b2/europe_no_belief_enhanced_2010.png/300px-europe_no_belief_enhanced_2010.png ) . 
  polish people are the ones that in general will have the least issue with this . 
  but you had to include this lie because otherwise the rest you say is even more nonfactual . 
  the second sentence is just ... where have you seen those polish people desperately wanting to fit in with the progressive westerners ? 
  90 % of the comments i am seeing with a polish flag are hating on the eu when they criticise their diminishing democracy . 
  holy molly and the `` hard-core self-hating , national-denying kind that desperately wants to `` fit in '' with the progressive westerners '' line . 
  i have heard this so many times from people here . 
  if we do anything like the western european countries a.k.a the countries leading the world in most areas like civil rights , healthcare , crime rates , happiness , etc. 
  we are suddenly anti-bulgarians . 
  if i say that bulgaria is a shitty country and that we need to follow the example of the west i am a traitor and am a national-denier whatever that means . 
  this is such a shitty way of thinking man . 
  you started your comment with that line about atheist millennials wanting to redistribute wealth and then here you are saying the same bullshit that the communist party wanted us to believe in ( except the religion part ) . 
  patriotism , nationalism and if you say you do n't like hristo botev you are betraying the motherland . 
  yes people like me are trying to fit in with the best countries in the world , you are trying to fit in with a regime that stopped existing in 1989 which of our aspirations do you think will create the best future for our country ? 
  i am able to appreciate the beautiful architecture but i am also able to decide for myself that i do not respect why it was built without me wanting to suck the west 's dick . 
  i even thought i was overdoing it . 
  couple of years ago i was so excited for poland and how well they were doing . 
  they are still doing well but i fear the people have changed and i think they have forgotten who their allies are and who pushed them and helped them on their way to stability and growth .
