  i agree with what the border police did actually . 
  i did not read the article and misjudged the people 's responses . 
  i strongly believe in equal treatment . 
  even a bit unequal when it comes to crossing borders . 
  i did not however read the article . 
  i didnt read the article and commented while having based my opinion only on the other comments in the thread . 
  i was wrong . 
  i agree with what the police did , but people are content and even good with people dying just because they are migrants . 
  european values is valuing every life equally , everybody gets the same treatment . 
  if a german crossed the swiss border illegally and got shot id expect a vastly different thread . 
  i even think the border police was correct in doing what it did . 
  its these comments like `` good '' about people being killed that upset me . 
  break the law and you deserve to die ? 
  well if that isnt fascism . 
  edit - she didnt die , i am an ass , i didnt read the article . 
  i am not questioning the border police 's decision . 
  please people are glorifying killing migrants in this thread . 
  comments like `` good '' and people being happy the refugee was killed . 
  at the same time they critique us cops for being too trigger happy when they randomly shoot criminals . 
  but if its a migrant and he gets killed by an accident then thats good . 
  edit - she didnt die , i am an ass , i didnt read the article . 
  good god , we are so easily turning into monsters . 
  edit - she didnt die , i am an ass , i didnt read the article . 
  its european values not to kill people too . 
  edit - she didnt die , i am an ass , i didnt read the article . 
  as a massive liberal i totally agree . 
  its either let everybody in and give them citizenship or iron-curtain yourself off from everybody including the eu . 
  i personally always believed the answer was to use the australian solution . 
  the issue is not with democracy but with human nature . 
  in order to make your argument and yourself more distinct you tend to push it to the opposite of the other persons argument . 
  kids need to be taught to be free minded and to evaluate issues as individuals . 
  someone needs to help poor georgia . 
  taken over kilometre by kilometre . 
  they may not be ready for eu admission but , nato come on . 
  it is not fair . 
   nations form around ethnic , tribal , religious and cultural lines , people who feel as part of a group , group together to live in a community because the similarities between them give them a feeling of belonging it had nothing to do with similarity , it was about family . 
  tribes didnt often go above 20 people because then the leadership and alliances within the tribe started to waiver . 
  id suggest sapiens : a brief history of humankind by yuval harari on this matter . 
  yes there were big genocides based on dissimilarity back then but those were focused on the other species like the neanderthals . 
   they then get large enough that they can no longer be ruled by chieftains , or what have you and so form local , regional and national governments . 
  while they may be from very different tracts of land , they are still part of the same nation and still share the same culture . 
  this is actually a big misconception . 
  they way we think about nation and nationality is fairly new , and it is mostly impacted by the nationalist movement which started in the 18th century . 
  cultures and traditions also used to be very different back then , but that is what they do , they evolve the change , and this is something modern societies need to re-learn . 
  why suddenly say for example the irish way is the best way , when if your ancestors didnt evolve their culture and way of thinking there wouldnt be ireland or irish customs and traditions at least the way you know them today . 
   keeping all thins in mind , i 'll let you be the first one to tell the polish that germany will now decide how certain things work in poland given their , colourful history . 
  dude i am from the balkans . 
  i can tell you first-hand what holding old grudges creates . 
  and why is everybody saying that the germans are the de-facto leaders of the eu . 
  yes they have the most representation in parliament but thats because they have the highest population . 
  the difference between them and france is not that great . 
  they dont hold more power than the uk or france , if they do its minuscule . 
  i dont know . 
  you mentioned tribes and then kingdoms and then countries . 
  dont you see how as a collective humans have found that unity is the way to go ? 
  so why stay at tribes when kingdoms is obviously better ? 
  so you now take issue with local governance ? 
  as we said earlier local issues need to be addressed by local government , nobody can know every issue or have a valid opinion about everything . 
  what is the different between the eu and ireland ? 
  both are made up by many people who used to be governed by something else , who used to be governed by someone else , etc. 
  why is ireland suddenly the climax of civilization and culture and governance on your island ? 
  the same way you are talking about federal europe , irish peoples spoke about the uk and a united ireland . 
  the decrease of european power and the rise of the developing countries is no hypothesis . 
  the soviet union disregarded liberty and the economy for military might . 
  they were very successful in what they wanted to do . 
  the eu has vastly different values and i am sure they will be very successful in upholding them if it were a federation . 
  a federal government is different from a nation state . 
  a cultural and traditional welding wont be necessary . 
  i think we need to celebrate our differences in culture instead of letting them separate us . 
  as europeans we all share the same goals though . 
  liberty , equality , freedom to pursue happiness and economic stability . 
  a federal government will uphold those , and let the member states deal with more particular issues . 
  its more like a basketball team hired another team 's coach to train them . 
  same knowledge necessary to do the job . 
  as long as he proves he wants to improve the `` team '' and the team is fine with him coaching them . 
  right now yes . 
  and in 20 years ? 
  they just need a couple of proper governments and with their population they will easily outgrow europe economically and industrially . 
  they can politically abuse weak standalones . 
  countries like estonia or bulgaria or romania cant compare to the political capital of russia . 
   i guess your just too smart to understand a pleb like me no need to be condescending . 
   up next for bulgaria 's presidential election : a 24 year old brazilian janitor , a 37 year old texan rancher and 63 year old turkish kebab owner . 
  im not saying just anybody will be adequate . 
  but if they know their shit and are working towards improving the country who the hell cares what nationality they are . 
  what you think that people from brussels wont care about ireland or something ? 
  i literally do not understand this argument . 
  there is no need to understand every irish issue to deal with things like roaming charges and freedom of movement . 
  thats what local government is for . 
  also you have your representatives in the eu . 
  you have proportionately a fair amount of decision power within it . 
  this is probably only common in eastern euorope where people have separated themselves into east vs west . 
  the eu represents the west so if you are not for the eu people assume you would be pro eastern or pro-russian . 
  i mean in my experience in 80 % of cases this is true when it comes to bulgaria , the other 20 % are people who dislike both . 
  germany is small . 
  the uk are small . 
  you all are too big for europe and too small for the world . 
  the usa isnt small . 
  russia isnt small . 
  china , brasil , indonesia they arent small . 
  because most euro-sceptic parties are directly financed by russia ?
