  our `` we cant do it '' mentality is our worst enemy . 
  possibly because we are to this day discriminating against the bulgarian turks . 
  if we stopped being racist assholes towards them maybe they would not see turkey and their turkish parties as their only allies . 
  of course , the only one to profit from a brexit in europe is russia , hence why they are financially supporting a majority of the eurosceptic parties . 
  doesnt say if they are roma or not though . 
  yeah but you posted it replying to a comment about merkel which criticized her , obviously implying that she should n't be chancellor just because she is childless , which is just ludicrous . 
  you were replying to a comment which states that `` merkel killed europe '' , with `` people without children should n't be allowed to govern '' and merkel is childless . 
  were you talking about elizabeth i of england ? 
  merkel has nothing to do with the eu 's decisions about the migrant crisis . 
  even if she was responsible , it saddens me you would think her having a child or not would influence her decision . 
  as if she does n't care about the eu , as if just because her lineage is ending she would go off doing things you dont agree with for the hell of it . 
  my comment wasnt an argument , as there is no debate here . 
  ah here we go , another distinguished gentleman talking complete bs and people are upvoting him . 
  merkel does not speak for the eu , she has nothing to do with the commission which made the relocation project , merkel has no power over the other nations , she ca n't tell anybody except germany what to do . 
  but hey other people are blaming merkel and germany for everything from death to slamming their pinky toe in the wall so i guess its okay to throw your ignorant comment in the same pile . 
  good , i was worried you would base your derision on facts and logic . 
  uk mistaking the opinion of one of their closest trading partners and allies for a tyrant trying to disrespect their authoritah . 
  what is wrong with the euro ? 
  its been very beneficial for the eurozone members for trade , tourism and just making their lives easier . 
  greece is the only miss-step but that just greece being dumbasses . 
  the eu just now managed to vote for a joined border force in greece , after a lot of push-back . 
  some greeks still do n't want it . 
  how many nations are willing for joint border forces ? 
  this is not the eu being bad , its the nations being too unwilling to create an ever closer union . 
  the eu is very well recovering from the 08 crisis , with unemployment falling and economies rising , spain , greece and italy were their own doing . 
  rampart expansion ? 
  there are requirements , once these are covered why waste time ? 
  you get another country to have free trade with , everybody wins . 
  i dont know what democratic deficit you are talking about , as all but one of the eu institutions are directly electable and the commission is elected by the parliament ( which is directly electable , and it kinda makes sense for them to elect the commission since this way you combine democracy and a merit based appointment ), 
  the eu as in you . 
  if you dont want ttip talk to your representatives and vote where your interests are . 
  what should have been improved ? 
  what enacted things have turned our for the worst apart from the migrant relocation ? 
  i answered this in the inbox . 
  it dont matter though . 
  changed one you to they , 
  this is the first time ive heard someone say the uk will do better financially if they left . 
  every respectable source plus many leading uk businessmen will tell you they gain more from the eu than they lose , and leaving it would hurt a lot . 
  this is actually one of the main arguments of the stay campaign . 
  and they are not keeping them on their backs , they gain a very good investment on their money from having stronger economies as trading partners . 
  ** + they have their special rebate which reimburses the uk for up to 66 % of the difference between the money they 've given and the money thay have taken every year ** ... wait i thought the eu was literary hitler and was unable to compromise ? 
  britain has survived through harder times , but who knows what the future brings . 
  you are alienating a majority of your allies because of your pride ( i think ? 
  cant think of any genuine reasons for the uk to leave anyways ) . iceland is completely different , they dont strive to be a political power , they rely on european countries being reasonable , do you think such a country would have survived in the east , or luxembourg or lichtenstein ? 
  but britain doesnt want to keep to themselves ( see falklands 1982 ) , so youre going to look for partners like china , iran , etc. 
  i dont think that will work as good as it worked with the richest region on earth ( the eu ) . 
  plus for the first time in centuries europe is not the superpower-house of the world . 
  you have china , brasil and a bunch of african nations becoming more and more influential . 
  britain cant compete with china anymore , it wont be able to compete with the other up and coming countries either in a while . 
  i really cant comprehend what your issue with the eu is . 
  it just seems all so unreasonable . 
  fine there is the migrant issue , big deal . 
  is the uk mistake free ? 
  are you mad that the eu gets to force you to accept a law every now and then ? 
  plus these laws arent dumb in most cases , like the roaming charges . is it from nationalistic principles , i dont think thats more important that real issues that would actually benefit you in a realistic way . 
  is it because the freedom of movement , because removing it would inconvenience your citizens as much as the eu 's . and i dont think `` were gon na be fine '' is a viable reason . 
  i dont think the institution is broken , and just saying it wont make it true . 
  please give examples of the `` broken institution '' . 
  if you do leave it would be for the best of the both sides for as many of the deals to be restored , it would though take time and not everything will be restored . 
  so why why why leave ? 
  ** downvotes without arguments cause you cant think of a viable reason for leaving ? 
  lets do this then , every downvote is a person who realised they were just going with the `` eu sux lol '' mainstream without actually having made a opinion as an individual . 
  please no one in their right mind would want to join * your * side . 
  ah my pal truciador with his usual bs  tell me , how is it being stuck in the 19th century ideologically ? 
  you might have done fine then , but now youre going to be all alone :( lets see how isolating yourself from the most reasonable countries in the world will work out for you . 
  france and germany are not in charge of the eu though . 
  you have literary as much representation in the eu as france so i do n't know what youre talking about . 
  such as the eu . 
  plus why do we need to separate ourselves when our goals and desires are the same ? 
  inner borders , 28 militaries , 28 governments are all inefficient and unnecessary . 
  the resettlement plan was created by the eu commission , romania had an equal amount of representation as any other member in the decision . 
  democracy is democracy . 
  sometimes you get what you want sometimes you get outvoted by somebody . 
  find a system that caters to everybody and then complain about the problems of democracy . 
  isolation does n't work you would think eastern europeans would know that . 
  mutually desired unity usually results in a better future . 
  you say romanians would be better off if you never united ? 
  would germany be better off if it still remained a bunch of states ? 
  would india be one of the most powerful nations on earth if they were as divided as before gandhi started creating a national identity ? 
  the scots and catalans ( catalonians ? ), 
  do n't think they would be better off if they left , they would satisfy their nationalistic longings but they will lose all eu partnerships and treaties and create an unnecessary border for the uk , spain and the rest of europe . 
  they would lose a lot to gain a symbolic gesture , is it worth it ? 
  and its so funny that you , as a romanian are saying the eu has no benefits for being a member . 
  who the hell has been giving you funds so you can revitalize your dying agricultural and industrial sectors ? 
  who the hell supported and assisted you in creating your anti-corruption bureau , which is doing quite well with curbing corruption currently ? 
  who is creating all sorts of programs and incentives to turn your poor country into a wealthy one ? 
  seriously is there a romanian who has done more for romania than the eu has ? 
  even if they are not , i as a human being like to see them not being shot . 
  if you want , you can go to moldova and experience the greatness of isolationism and non-eu . 
  it is as much against nation states as nation states are against city states . 
  it just becomes a bigger amalgamation from a bigger amalgamation . 
  of course you will have more representatives democracy in switzerland than in the usa , but that doesnt mean that life will be better in the us if they divided themselves into switzerland-sized countries . 
  no , those nations just have to realise that the eu is not against them . 
  the eu is a democracy , sometimes in a democracy you get to live with things you dislike . 
  until we find a system that caters to everyone 's needs we are stuck with democracy . 
  parliament-directly electable . 
  eu commission - elected by the parliament eu council-composed of eu heads of state the council of europe-ministers of your country you have directly voted for everything but the commission which is elected by the people you voted for . 
  is it not ? 
  well the eu helped build their recovery from the communist authoritarian regimes its only fitting they leave as a thank you and fuck themselves again by creating more authoritarian regimes because of one policy they dont agree with . 
  my god some people .
