  neither is ok . 
  tbh ethnic segregation into nation states has made it so there are many superficial differences between nations . 
  i think that in some cases racism and ethnic discrimination can be interchangeable . 
  but in the video the guy is discriminating them on the fact that they are foreigners , so racism would not be the right term . 
  what ? 
  are you seriously trying to absolve what happened in the uk after the vote by pointing out one accident that happened somewhere else ? 
  i thought you guys were tired of the uk always being in the limelight about such topics . 
  nationalism uniting europe ? 
  did we suddenly all become the same nationality ? 
  what our continent can not endure is further splitting into different factions while the developing world starts overwhelming us . 
  based on current projections even germany wont be in g8 by 2050 but instead of uniting lets fight each other and make that happen by 2030 . 
  but you know what , im dreading the period of peace and prosperity that will come after it , so lets make this one the final world war . 
  ah i cant wait for europe to jump into chaos again . 
  politicians are people with personalities and opinions . 
  they are not some cult with evil aspirations . 
  he should find someone to build a wall to cover him . 
  i have a feeling he might have known of a wall builder who would be up for the task . 
  obviously people would like to peaceful resolve the issue the same way they have done with russia seeing as we are not currently at war with them . 
  or are you * for * mindless shows of force . 
  while we are at it lets restrict civil rights so that terrorists dont attack russia because of the freedom . 
  tell me , did you think of power and politics when you were a little girl ? 
   right now , it 's simply a matter of principles , pride or as i like to call it making your life worse over symbolic nonsense . 
  read the interview . 
  it is an opinion . 
  and you are the same as those people on the other side of the political spectrum . 
  trying to push an agenda with the least effort by making generalising claims . 
  i think kids should only study one but learn it properly . 
  i studied 3 different languages through school and only learned english with most of my knowledge coming from entertainment and books rather than school . 
  i dont think of english as a foreign language anymore though so maybe children should study english + a foreign language of their choosing , any more and they dont really learn anything . 
  its a vicious circle and that is the problem . 
  the roma people that want to work things out dont trust the bulgarians and many of them stay where they are socially , the bulgarians seeing that get to the conclusion that nothing ever can be done developing this racist discriminatory hate which further separates the two sides and so on and so on . 
  its a death spiral and i dont know how to fix it , remember what happened several years ago when they wanted to play kids the `` gypsy rock '' tune in music class and the parents went berserk ? 
  how can we fix the system when the voters will vote against anybody who tries to teach their kids equality ... 
  2007-2011 was not good for anybody , here 's hoping the decline continues . 
  assimilation was the wrong word . 
  what i meant is becoming part of the society in a citizen way , as in stop being nomads who dont let their kids go to school . 
  i very much agree that there is a lot of discrimination and racism towards them and both sides need to fix their attitudes to fix the issue . 
  i cant fathom why she continues on with this bullshit . 
  its just confusing the shit out of people because it is pushing people into factions they dont belong in because with such decision she offers just 2 possible camps - pro-refugee and anti-refugee . 
  not all of the anti-refugee people are xenophobic racists , i for one just think that the refugees wont assimilate creating massive future crisis . 
  its not about not helping them , its about seeing the reality of the people she wants to bring . 
  but most pro-refugee people are so warm-hearted they are ready to help those in need no matter what . 
  we need to remember that the pro-refugee people are acting on their niceness , they do not want to destroy their societies . 
  but of course the two groups will just stoop to calling the others by the most derogatory names they can think of . 
  and the compromise is so obvious to me i cant understand why the eu wont consider it . 
  make offshore/out-of-eu camps for refugees where they can safely live until their homes are safe . 
  why do this dumb resettlement plan which is sure to create massive conflicts within the eu and each country ? 
  for me these conflicts will be much more damaging than the refugees could ever be . 
  ive always believed that we should call anybody by what they want to be called . 
  so they want to be called roma , big deal , calling them that maybe we can rebuild some of the broken bridges between our peoples . 
  plus roma and rome have no connection , similarly to hungary and the huns . 
  i dont know how we will fix the issue in bulgaria . 
  on one hand the government has spent millions to try to do something whilst the roma majority refuses to assimilate which makes the majority of bulgarians very distrustful and angry towards them . 
  as bulgarians we need to hope to assimilate them and welcome them into our society but its just so hard to build trust upon their thievery and anarchism . 
  damn spain you are really doing fine . 
  to 100kmh ? 
  wikipedia says 100kmh but other websites still say 110kmh . 
  id say its the same in sofia . 
  what really grinds my gears is that the police only look for speeding and dont care for anything else . 
  id say that is due to lax driver education or lax enforcement of rules , i didnt mean that infrastructure was the only factor that matters but that it is one . 
  i just want a scientifically proven method and i dont think that unreasonably lowering the speed limits is such . 
  the safest decision would be to not have cars at all . 
  yes but compare that to russia and latvia who both have a top speed limit of 110kmh . 
  imo driver education is more important but infrastructure is also a factor . 
  the only thing that doesnt seem to correlate with safety is speed limit . 
  well you can also draw a correlation between how good the infrastructure in a country is and how safe it is . 
  for me this further proves that proper driving qualifications and infrastructure are more important to road safety than low speed limits . 
  nationalism . 
  fair enough , i was just curious . 
  am i wrong to think that spain , similarly to bulgaria is very centralised in that it has a couple of wealth centers ( madrid , catalonia , basque region ) and most other regions are much less developed ? 
  but yeah its very different for every day life because you have to include your personal preferences . 
  the leverage is that they perceive themselves as special snowflakes . 
  they had the biggest economic union in the history on their doorstep and blew that to make the same deals with countries half-way around the world . 
  in most polls ive seen they are split down the middle on the issue . 
  i thought alde were federalists , at least i know guy verhjhdfbsuydg ( leader ) is . 
  well but tbh average wage in madrid and barcelona will be much higher than the country 's average , will be very proportionate to cost of living . 
  who is comparing everyone to hitler seriously . 
  im so tired of this bs of hurr durr everybody you dislike you compare to hitler . 
  people are pinpointing similarities because it is worrying when openly racist and discriminatory people win offices by advertising that . 
  is trump literally hitler ? 
  of course fucking not , does he showcase similar behaviour and ideas , for fuck sake yes . 
  well you are not entirely correct but are not wrong . 
  with greece you are 100 % correct , i am not that sure about hungary but bulgaria and serbia are split between the west and the east . 
  the pro-eu people will not be as afraid of turkey ( they are in nato ) as they are of russia , but the pro-russian people will say the opposite . 
  sorry but having romanians and bulgarians against the eu is proof that people just dislike things for the sake of disliking things . 
  i would not say that to a leaver in the uk because the situation there is different but most if not all anti-eu people in romania and bulgaria are chauvinistic idiots who havent bothered to educate themselves on current news since 1989 . 
  just trying to reach the eu chapters did more good for our countries than anything the government had done since the changes . 
  sanctions were never meant to hurt the people of russia but are targeted at the political elite . 
  the only sanctions that hurt were the ones the kremlin countered the eu with . 
  ( not trying to start shit because you are russian just find that interesting ) but yeah people really confuse the sanctions and the oil drop due to iran entering the market because they happened at somewhat the same time . 
  hasnt the rubble recouped some of its losses though ? 
  i remember hearing that the government had a 40 % deficit in the 2016 budget because of the drop , was your day-to-day life affected at all because of these things ? 
  well bulgaria has an even lower minimum wage but i have literally never met a person who actually is paid that ( guess its reserved for street cleaners , garbage collectors , etc. ) . 
  even now when i am in university i have friends who work part time ( 20 hours/w ) and get paid about 300euros a month . 
  so maybe the swiss could pay a bit more . 
  i dont know about romania but i assume its the same as bulgaria where the min wage is increased at the start of every year now so this is a process that will take time but things will get better . 
  ok , but i think the problem is that even if say we werent judging ourselves as harshly as we do with russia and decided to do so the russian people would still say we are unfair due to how much the kremlin 's propaganda has affected them . 
  i understand why people do it , i just dont think it adds anything to the discussion . 
  i do accept that we are more critical of russia than of the us but i do think its justified in 90 % of cases . 
  it appears as though we are unfair because russia and their deeds have happened much closer and more recently so of course they are what people want to talk about .
