  who cares about laws and common sense . 
  ah yes the russian polls . 
  117 % of the people find them to be eligible and fair . 
  id love the eu to ban them completely . 
  it is obvious they are exploiting people for profit and is well known they harass the ones brave enough to leave . 
  you say you 'd fight for poland to `` keep '' it but you can imagine that the syrians have nothing to protect or fight for after almost half a decade of war and destruction.their most likely future after the war is being governed by a authoritarian dictator who only lets his tribe move up the ladder . 
  being islamophobic though is the same as being racist , you predetermine how you view a person based on their religion . 
  there is no way there is n't 1 level-headed muslim out there . 
  i am bulgarian and we have around 10 % muslim minority of which a vast majority are normal people . 
  i personally am an anti-extremist . 
  so i do n't support islamophobia nor islamic-fanaticism . 
  just to be clear i do not support the migrant `` solution '' merkel put in place . 
  i am a supporter of the australian resolution to the issue . 
  im sure the turkish coast guard wont invade greece . 
  what territorial and strategic reasons ? 
  are the two countries on the brink of war to be worried about a a half a dozen sea patrol ships ? 
  this is not reasonable . 
  imagine yourself a 19 year old man in syria . 
  do you enlist to fight the savage merciless isis or do you go to europe with a free pass to live in a country better than syria will ever be in your life time ? 
  i really wish the military super-powers of the world would just keep their support to weapons and supplies . 
  if the middle east cant organize itself to deal with isis on their own they will be left in the same state of instability that led to the formation of the islamic state after the war is won . 
  and all that money for bombs will be wasted for a short-term solution . 
  were women allowed to vote ? 
  because in most european countries `` gender equality '' still means empowering females , even though most have pretty much achieved gender equality . 
  so now we are slowly moving into gender inequality towards men . 
  they ca n't to be allowed to choose when they cant protect the eu 's external borders.instead of thinking of it as a way to enhance relations between the two countries they go to having their pride hurt over some nationalistic principles . 
  in this case having `` pride '' seems very inefficient to me . 
  some people are still bitching about the eu sending border forces to greece because it `` infringes on their sovereignty '' . 
  weird how the eu is at fault whatever it does . 
  so you were not a europhile but a merkelphile . 
  the eu 's purpose was never to let in a bunch of people from the middle east . 
  ideologically the migrant crisis is not the eu 's fault . 
  they are a far-right party . 
  this is the way they will react to anything to do with migrants/terrorism/security . 
  extreme measures that will hinder only the french people . 
  my point was that you cant group everyone to left-wing and right-wing . 
  there are good left wing parties and good right wing parties . 
  but far-n parties are always bad . 
  fuck all fars . 
  like with the migrants . 
  i am generally left leaning but i dont think we should let the migrants join our societies so easily . 
  but i dont believe we should not let anybody at all . 
  the right thing to do is to find the rational balance in between the two . 
  if every left leaning person and party is for letting in more migrants then following this logic every right leaning person/party is literary hitler/mussolini . 
  i am unpleasantly surprised that a rational person is being so heavily downvoted . 
  you should never counter extremism with an opposite extremism . 
  and the recent act in paris is a perfect example that giving up freedom for security leaves you with neither . 
  how is that delusional ? 
  countries have been under `` cyber warfare '' for decades now . 
  id advise you look for the cyber attack map which shows all attacks in real time . 
  and that is not even a big deal . 
  he made a statement once or twice he is clearly not going crazy over it . 
  how are we now farther in the supplier chain than germany , spain , the uk ? 
  the russians have a monopoly and are abusing it . 
  they cant abuse it as much vs the politically stronger western nations but they dont care to ramp up the prices for poland , ukraine and bulgaria . 
  our elected officials dont have the power to do anything because without russian gas we will have close to no gas in bulgaria . 
  that is why we need to find an alternative . 
  its not like i am proposing this . 
  its been on the eu 's agenda seriously for a couple of years now . 
  and what do you propose ? 
  give up say `` oh well '' shrug and blame the `` corrupt politicians '' ? 
  i complain because it is not a viable long-term solution . 
  the price will be about the same at least proportionately because we are completely dependent on russia for gas so they can make us pay them significantly more than say germany or the uk also because we dont have the position to fight for a cheaper price . 
  care to give any sources on the president 's `` hybrid wars and delusions '' ? 
  this is such a bulgarian thing to shit on your elected officials just because they are elected officials . 
  where did you get that figure ? 
  400 million is not that much either and the price we will have to pay for being dependent on russia will be higher . 
  not even talking politically ( which should also be a factor ) , for some reason bulgaria pays close to the most in europe for gas . 
  i hope it does n't happen , for the best of europe . 
  damn . 
  its not like you pay fees . 
  why is it redundant ? 
  also you think the world is going to be peaceful forever ? 
  this relative peace that we have created in the past 60 years ( by creating unions and other organization btw ) can be gone in a blink . 
  nothing happens if they refuse . 
  maybe look for stronger ties with russia . 
  bulgaria didnt hold a referendum when we joined nato so montenegro might not either . 
  its a very hard choice . 
  nato - a military organization of the strongest , wealthiest and free nations in the world vs being a less than a million people country alone in between the always hating each other balkan nations . 
  but yeah propaganda can be very effective . 
  compromise for your sake , not for anybody else . 
  as per usual if its not for the best of britain its everybody else 's refusal to `` compromise '' and do exactly what you want . 
  ** edit : and at the same time i have no idea why you have anything against the eu parliament or freedom of movement **, 
  the most important reason being the eu parliament will lose its power and purpose . 
  also the other demands go completely against why the eu was made and what its goal is . 
  if we are not working towards a more united europe then there is no point in having the eu . 
  a rational statement ? 
  the eu will collapse or be reduced to obscurity if those demands are pushed through . 
  malta has got both countries beat though . 
  i think the indonesian red and white is much more beautiful than poland 's . 
  guys , i am sure the two level-headed presidents wont turn this avoidable tragedy into a political brawl . 
  is anarchism rational ? 
  its another extremist point of view . 
  how is it blundering ? 
  does it have bad leadership ? 
  yes , but it is not blundering . 
  they didnt scrap the usa when they had the second bush . 
  the crisis should have been stopped at the middle east a couple of years ago . 
  you let in a bunch of people trough your border into the eu and its suddenly the eu 's fault . 
  the eu 's laws do not state we are supposed to be careless in letting in a bunch of migrants from the middle east .
