  i just dont understand why every time we talk about crimea there needs to be someone who starts talking about the us invasion of iraq that started 2004 . 
  nobody is criticising russia for what they did in chechnya in 1999 . 
  another reason i am tired of hearing all these arguments against russian criticism is because they are word for word with what russia has been mind-washing its citizens through propaganda - `` the west are actually the bad guys , russia is just the nice guy who is trapped in the corner and unfairly ganged up on by the evil euros . '', 
  every time we criticise russia there isnt even an attempt to justify what russia is doing it straight up goes to `` but what about kosovo , iraq , etc. '', 
  what also never helps is that russia seemingly does n't care for collateral damage . 
  they dont care when the international audience does n't agree with their methods and has managed to twist these rebukes into `` the west is crooked '' its like listening to trump supporters blaming everybody that does n't agree with them of being payed off and crooked , everybody who disagrees is unfair to them . 
  so for me r/europe 's problem with russia is perfectly reasonable when you have all these provocations and reasons piled up . 
  why do we always have to compare russia to the us every time there is a thread criticising russia ? 
   would you rather have a part of your country bloodlessly annexed , or suffer what iraq did ? 
  i dont think the two situations are relatable . 
  nevetheless just because the us did something wrong doesnt mean that russia gets a clear pass . 
  i am against both actions . 
  if george bush was still president i would be against being allies with the us ( will see what happens now ) so i dont see how i can be for warming of relations with russia while their dictator is still in power . 
  and what does kosovo have to do with anything ? 
  its vastly different because it is not just a territory dispute its an ethnic and religious dispute as well . 
  if ukraine had committed ethnic and religious cleansing against crimeans then it would be a different thing . 
  if they annexed a democratic country id totally be in favour of sanctions against them . 
   but you do n't see the problem in your allies invading countries and killing people ? 
  how can you be allied with the us if attacking others is an issue for you ? 
  i would choose to leave nato if the eu had a common army and a stronger system of cooperation . 
  so while i am against what the us did in the middle east nato also includes european countries and neither will annex us if we disagree with them . 
   how does bulgaria benefit from sanctioning russia ? 
  it shows the world that acting like russia is not acceptable ? 
  you cant just annex your neighbours and bully anybody who is weaker than you . 
  if bulgaria was in neither nato nor eu we would have no other option but befriend russia because otherwise we risk becoming another georgia . 
  well the isolationist point i made was more about supporting my `` we need to pick sides '' point . 
  problem is i personally dont want bulgaria to improve relations with a country that annexes its neighbours while supporting separatists within ( ukraine , georgia ) . 
  a country that doesnt see peace as a priority and brain washes its citizens so they match putin 's foreign affair aspirations . 
  at this moment improving relations with russia would mean requesting the eu remove sanctions on russia for annexing crimea , ordering a new power plant from russia when we already know that because of our small political power they will abuse us and price us to hell which is seen in the price of natural gas they offer - [ i think only poland pays more than us in the eu compared to the uk which pays a fraction of the price and are much farther away than us ] ( http://gdb.rferl.org/3dfd9930-33d5-4420-8805-7d9a0c7ae6ed_mw1024_mh1024_s.png ) . 
  i am for having better relations with russia but they need to do the first steps - removing their soldiers from crimea , georgia , eastern ukraine . 
  if not then its clear they just want to play their total war game and continue acting as if its the medieval era . 
  in politics you always have to pick sides because thats the nature of it . 
  its not about loyalty . 
  like it or not bulgaria is too small to matter by itself and is nothing more than territory between giants . 
  our geographical location , economic and military strength are all taken into account so while countries like norway can afford to be more isolationist we cant . 
  every job has qualifications and so does the president . 
  when you elect a business man or a military general as one you can expect them to have a much harder time coping with their new duties . 
  the most expensive and central street in sofia looks like a small rural town . 
  i am not even sure it is becoming better since suddenly we have like several financial centers instead of one in the heart of the city . 
  i was born and raised in sofia but goddamn this is what happens when you make a village your capital and epicentre of your country . 
  saying he is pro-bulgarian is a nice way to distract the public from the issue and it worked . 
  every president we have had is pro-bulgarian that means nothing . 
  with the current instability in bulgarian politics he has the opportunity to shift our interests to the east which would anger our allies . 
  plus he will have the opportunity to decide what to do with our energy needs as belene grows closer to its decommission so here comes more russian energy dependence for the next several decades . 
  my issue is that he is a general with no political experience who ran with a party that he is not a part of . 
  he has a lot more work to do to establish himself . 
  r/iamverysmart much, 
  a federal system doesnt deal with governance . 
  it deals with bigger issues that affect us all as they are interconnected where having 1 system instead of 27 is beneficial . 
  we are talking about military , foreign affairs , trade , etc. 
  nobody wants to take away more it would be impractical and impossible there arent enough resources to do anything but the most necessary in brussels . 
  i value pragmatism over symbolism . 
  and a federal system does n't remove self governance . 
  nigeria is a very fertile country . 
  even if it was n't that would n't matter unless global trade were to collapse in a ww2 like scenario . 
  we also do n't have a problem with food we are making way more than we need the problem in africa for example is more about warlords and shitty governments messing with agriculture and distribution . 
  one could even blame charities for that because they are giving away the food the farmers sell so they cant produce and suddenly we cant even stop the food aid because there is no agricultural backbone . 
  you do n't understand what federalisation is better go and research it before adopting the assumption of the local drunks . 
   as long as they ca n't support their own population they just need one strong leader to do be able to do so . 
  will germany be able to outproduce a nigeria that is supposed to have the population of the eu by 2100 ? 
  what about the other half dozen states like nigeria ? 
  europe will lose its influence unless it is united . 
  just the central government would have more power over the things that influence the whole union like military , finance , etc. 
  and be more streamline with things like foreign relations and politics . 
  the local government will keep most of its power like you wont be governed by brussels that would be impossible . 
  you will still elect your officials and they will still be the ones that represent you . 
  we are not talking about becoming a common country but a federal system . 
  you will remain czech living in czechia . 
  the only thing that will change is more standardisation in laws and policies across the eu . 
  yeah better make your country 's future uncertain and the life of your children harder to keep some symbolism . 
  not at all especially for countries like ours . 
  a separated europe wont matter to the world in 50 years when germany can barely keep up with the developing countries that will have 10 times the population . 
  imo alexander the great is as much related to the modern nation of greece as spartacus is to bulgaria . 
  nah i 'm pretty sure that 's gary , indiana in 2017 . 
  ww2 is hardly local news . 
  anything that is happening or has happened in poland is r/europe material . 
  maybe op used r/germany and not r/de . 
  that is why my post is a `` what if '' . 
  the remilitarisation of the rhineland occurred in 1936 if pilsudski had that kind of relationship with france maybe he could have persuaded them to act then . 
  fucking multiculturalism when will we learn . 
  airplanes and people are not meant to live together !, 
  my point was that eastern europeans would start returning . 
  in what metric ? 
  because in 1939 bulgaria had a higher gdp per capita than either romania or poland and was on a similar level to hungary . 
  in 1991 bulgaria had a much lower gdp per-capita than either of those countries . 
  i got like 47 % and learned that i know absolutely nothing about denmark . 
  literally got every question about danish history and famous people wrong . 
  well technically it will be the state playing by the rules of the market that will fix it . 
  in bulgaria many people point to the 90 's as proof that communism was better for us . 
  it kind of makes sense , you have totalitarian communism we change it to democratic capitalism and suddenly the whole economy goes to shit , its obviously the capitalism 's fault right ? 
  but people fail to realise that the reason the economic collapse happened was because of the communist regime tucking away all its problems under the rug which it accrued through terrible management of the economy for the better part of half a century until they could no longer hide it when they were overthrown . 
  never gon na happen . 
  if anything wages * will * rise naturally with the withering working force . 
  plus there are annual minimum wage raises which are very popular with the public , stopping them would be political suicide . 
  does n't look very new honestly . 
  7/7 in aesthetics 2/7 in name accuracy 8/7 with rizota . 
  after half a century of the regime ignoring the rules of the market this was bound to happen . 
  the migration will slow down until it reaches a point where things balance out . 
  as it says in the article the wages will grow with the decreasing working force until immigrating is not better than staying when you account for the emotional aspects like losing your family and friends . 
  in russian history its always been after the totalitarian leadership falls and before the next one comes to power haha .
