  out of the yes voters 25 % will be angry and 26 % content . 
  in this scenario we end up with 25 % of the population being angry , 35 % content and 40 % happy . 
  so more people will be satisfied and less people will be angry if a scenario like this happened . 
  thats at least how it makes sense to me . 
  i may be talking out of my ass though !, 
  most probably countries do referendums with larger majorities required for the change because they want to be sure they are doing the right thing and to be careful . 
  i am not in favour of the uk leaving ? 
  yes but its all about efficiency . 
  the eu is spending way more than we need to be spending because of separate armies . 
  not to mention how well it would affect communication and cooperation . 
  lets say hypothetically the uk loses more sovereignty but this results in a much better future , would you still be against the eu ? 
  for many things never . 
  look at the us . 
  states are still very much in charge of their laws and regulations except with federal-level decisions . 
  it cant propose legislature , cant control the military , cant run budget of each member , basically has no power over 95 % of the actual member governments . 
  calling it a government is a massive overstatement . 
  hmm maybe if it had any actual power . 
  if anything it is an extension of every country 's government . 
  totally agree . 
  id make the commission more transparent and have the parliament decide on most decisions than the other institutions . 
  2nd strongest military in the world with a population that measures the success of its leaders by their conquests and doesnt care how much crap they have to take because of them . 
  i am concerned . 
  have never come upon a brit defensive of the eu . 
  this sub has turned into a mindless eu-bash and the brits are mostly the first to contribute . 
   share a government someday hopefully but we arent now . 
  45 + countries on the second smallest continent with the highest gdp with 45 + separate laws and regulations about every sub category of import and export , most of which are weighted by tariffs and import taxes . 
  so its either a shared `` government '' or 50 % of your products price is inflated by the way things were before the eu . 
  you make it sound as if you need a british braveheart to fight for your freedom when in fact its just laws that standardize european laws and regulation which is very beneficial for all members and make a trade union of 28 members possible . 
  that has always yielded positive results . 
  eu is `` so '' corrupt and such an evil empire that you will go to russia for fair deals . 
  yeah just disregard foreign affairs and politics . 
  dont worry , its because nobody knows anything about bulgaria because we are even more obscure than you . 
  i remember in school when the lunch recess started they 'd be 30-50 students starting from 14 year old smoking outside of school . 
  teachers were just like `` try hiding if you see cops '' . 
  not that any cops had any interest in busting illegal smokers . 
  no it doesnt . 
  sometimes absolute majority is not needed sometimes it is . 
  my whole argument is that it is relative depending on the referendum . 
  its the fallacy of democracy . 
  maybe in some cases things remaining the same is overall more satisfactory for the people than a big change happening . 
  many governments propose referendums that require absolute majorities and at least higher majorities than 51 % for some decisions . 
  id be very worried if you decided decisions like mobilization and forest fire suppression with referendums . 
  do you see any of these decisions as as important as joining a political and economic union that would put a dozen treaties and laws into place ? 
  i cant understand if you do not consider them european because they are turkic or because geographically most of the country is not in europe . 
  you said that istanbul is not in europe as well which is geographically incorrect . 
  is turkish thrace european then ? 
  in my opinion if you consider them european you can consider turkey european as well . 
  at the end of the day nobody knows where europe is and to me the best answer is that there is no european continent but it is part of eurasia . 
  i see austerity and lobbyists as better than crippling dept and monopolies ruling countries . 
  i think this guy is right . 
  ^ ^ ^ about ^ ^ ^ france, 
  what about georgia , armenia and azerbaijan ? 
  and most of istanbul is still very much in europe . 
  well thats kinda true . 
  3rd most cigarette smoking country in the world . 
  even with the over the top laws they introduced people are still smoking like chimneys . 
  80 % of my friends buy at least a carton a day . 
  i always hate restrictions and regulation on society but maybe we need more when it comes to smoking . 
  id pronounce it shyavduhch, 
  if its from a no change to change then the no change should have an advantage . 
  at least for such important decisions . 
  because it forces 49 % of people to a very massive change in the way their government is run . 
  a bigger majority should be required for such changes . 
  51 % should not win the vote for a massive change like entering or exiting the eu . 
  i think its better for them to sing in english without anyone telling them to instead of being forced to sing in their native language . 
  its a vote so it depends on what the people like . 
  whats the big whoop , let them sing in whatever language they want to . 
  nobody is forcing them . 
  man , i though belarus was the best and i am disappointed :(, 
  really ? 
  western countries are much less homophobic than eastern ones . 
  in russia you get arrested for being gay in public and you can get beaten up in most of ee . 
  and for sure you would get discriminated against . 
  good luck finding a job if one is open about it . 
  theres non of that bs in the west . 
  damn was it really that long ago ? 
  time flies ... then it was the corruption and putin 's desire to give nationalism in russia a boost and create hate towards the west . 
  kinda like the war in iraq after 9/11 that got bush re-elected because he was a patriot who takes no shit from anyone . 
  but the forces , arms , and supplies sent to the militants in ukraine was to cover the fall of the ruble and the oil price , and the fact that the government was selling its reserve to prop up the price of the ruble . 
  you know , putin was not the baddie that ruined the economy by capturing crimea , he was the patriot fighting for the freedom fighters and stopping the greedy west whose purpose of existence was to make russia weak . 
  nobody is calling for preemptive strikes against russia except zhirinovsky 's western counterparts . 
  price of oil and fall of ruble . 
  damn russians are on my lawn again . 
  the swiss are in the alps and command a much larger budget . 
  it is much easier for them to make themselves un-worth to take . 
  i will be really sad if the only way for us to live is for every citizen to be constantly ready to grab weapons and fight for the motherland . 
  thankfully it is not necessary to do so . 
  we are not in such danger ( like south korea ) that we need to waste the money and time . 
  plus think of the difference in training in switzerland and bulgaria . 
  in bulgaria the service was basically getting beat up by your elders , wasting time and being turned into a puppet . 
  the blood tax was more humane . 
  thats interesting , i did not know that . 
  maybe i should have used italy , but i think my point still makes sense . 
  i say we just prop up some photos of gays on the border and we will be safe . 
  i completely agree . 
  damn didnt know that arguments powered by facts from the russian media which is fully controlled by the government are the reflection of the real world . 
  bulgaria a nation of 7 million people and a budget of 17b euros cant defend itself against countries like pff romania even , heck poland will bash our sculls in without a sweat , not to mention russia . 
  and i dont want us to be a country that focuses on military power . 
  do the minimal that is necessary , industry and economy are the things that best secure a country 's future . 
  i am not a soldier .
