  well some people like myself view a federal europe as the only way we can have an eu because otherwise it will wither away . 
  meh its just a symbolic gesture showing polish emigrants that home has their back . 
  once i saw the my tits my milk one i knew they were full of shit like most vegans . 
  like it or not cows can not survive without milking nor sheep can survive without shearing because of selective breeding . 
  i chose to ignore the way you twisted my criticism into bashing so i could continue the conversation . 
  you have from the start refused to rationally debate with me rather choosing to try to make me seem like a random russian basher as if non of what i have said had any substance . 
  which tbh is pretty similar to the russian propaganda of blaming everything on the west for bullying peaceful and innocent russia . 
  the way things would have gone if you werent so irrationally defensive and rude is like this : i express and opinion you tell me you think i am wrong and a debate about the issue starts . 
  what you managed to achieve here is try to twist my opinion into an anti-russian propaganda with barely addressing the issue while throwing lazy insults at me which have nothing to do with the topic . 
  yeah ukraine is as lacking in some civil rights as is russia and would not have let them have a vote most likely . 
  but the fact of the matter is that russia invaded in such a way in such a time that they brushed off any blame that ukraine would have gotten and placed it on themselves . 
  i dont understand . 
  you mean i should not criticise other countries because mine has issues too ? 
  i like politics , this is interesting to me . 
  i will say what my opinion is because i can and want . 
  if russia wants to be criticised less then just stop doing stupid shit . 
  it is forbidden to write text posts like the one you are proposing on this subreddit . 
  if i stumble upon an interesting article i will post it on r/europe like i have done in the past . 
  the vote was held after the military rolled up . 
  nobody has accepted the vote because it was so obviously influenced by the armed forces and fake results . 
  in one region the independence won by like 114 % or something . 
   then why do n't you create a thread and talk about lgbt-discrimination within bulgaria before sharing your valuable , highly critical opinion on the subject of russian domestic politics ? 
  the thread was about russia . 
  should i not be allowed to comment to it because my country also has lgbt issues ? 
  i have spoken more than enough about my country and when an article about it is linked i will be happy to express my opinion at the right place . 
   i 've read this sub for quite a while now , and yet to see a single bulgaria-related gay thread . 
  paired with the level of passion you 're preaching today , one would think that that is indeed the second haight ashbury in the making . 
  bulgaria is a small county of only 7 million people . 
  writing an article about it often would generate no interest . 
   i 'm aware that one can get banned for defending russian public norms , but the hell with it : or as i like to call it `` im about to say absolute bs and hide it behind perceived anti-russian sentiment from the mods . '', 
   it is absolutely better to promote engineering , which is what russian ` military disney land ' is essentially about , than propagating anal kung-fu to the underaged . 
  haha yeah its about engineering . 
  the most warmongering nation in europe is building a military park because of engineering . 
  i would say that sexual education and openness is as necessary as normal education . 
  sexual happiness is incredibly important to our overall happiness and it is a big part of our life , as anal kung fu is part of sex for many people kids should know it is ok to be open about your own sexuality . 
  in russia everything you disagree with is propagandised not knowing the irony . 
   i know , bulgaria is more friendly to the latter than haight ashbury , but really there is no need to pretend like you 're somehow more worldly enlightened , because you are n't . 
  at best , you 're no less subjective than anybody else . 
  bulgaria is actually , like most of eastern europe , unfortunately still going with this twisted view of sexual morality . 
  i dont know whether i am more worldly enlighten but if i am its because of everything else but my friends and social opinion . 
  the fact is they dont want to be in serbia . 
  them being ethnically and religiously different is a multiplier to that . 
  albanians dont push they just have people there . 
  bulgaria has already accepted its independence and im cool with that even though as i have said below i do not think they should have fought for independence . 
  no country would be fine lol . 
  however it happened and serbia will gain absolutely nothing by fighting over kosovo which is made up of different peoples and religion . 
  but i guess using one 's brain would be unreasonably fucking yourself up over things you cant change . 
  in a civilised country you would . 
  like with scotland and the uk . 
  truth is when crimea was invaded ukraine was removing a pro-russian corrupt president and government . 
  shortly after russia armed separatists and sent armies to further destabilise ukraine . 
  i cant think of a more rotten way to act . 
  crimea was militarily annexed by another country . 
  thats not what happened in crimea . 
  desire to want to is enough . 
  i dont support any secession movements in europe because they are just unnecessary complications . 
  but they should have the right to do so . 
  balkans will balkan . 
  kosovo will be serbia 's hot coal and by holding on to it it they will only burn themselves . 
  you should have it . 
  hungary didnt have the level of romanian corruption . 
  in romania and bulgaria corruption is so wide-spread that you just need the smallest of efforts to find the guilty people . 
  problem is its rather dangerous and you need the country 's support which is also in the hands of organised crime . 
  possibly but you need to remember when we joined . 
  it was in 2007 less than 2 years before the financial crisis hit us . 
  you know from a social stand point i can see how some things that pride parades do are not very public-friendly , even though i personally dont see the logic behind making sex and sexuality something private . 
  sex in public is not ok , though , but celebrating it is imho . 
  but in some cases you just have to look away because not everything can be acceptable to everybody . 
  how is it immoral exactly ? 
  it is legal but it is illegal to be `` gay '' in public places . 
  which is why people are getting arrested protesting this law . 
  plus with all the anti-lgbt prejudice in russia the public does their own justice . 
  good luck getting a job or into more than certain groups of friends if you decide to be yourself . 
  rightly so ? 
  because sexuality is somehow immoral so we need to protects the kids from it but lets create a military disney park . 
  because in russia being openly gay is illegal ? 
  hence guess what their main policies will be . 
  is it me or is the street wonky as fuck ? 
  ah efficiency . 
  its less than half the average monthly salary in norway . 
  still a lot of money to pay out of pocket at once . 
  so the eu ? 
   alone we can not be equal partners to germany or france . 
  yeah because you are like 1/10th their population and much weaker economically . 
  its not some high society of snobs who dislike you because you are not them . 
  its simple human and political nature . 
  so just federalise and non of these things would matter . 
  which far-right party isnt ? 
  at least in the eyes of the people theres only one issue they care about . 
  i * knew * there was something wrong about that case . 
  shall we try with a random pastry chef from the hungarian speaking part of romania now ? 
  nah , better attack the issue that matters the least . 
  thanks to them the cover will get double the attention now . 
  i trust in 's vision of freedom of speech . 
  nis is in serbia though . 
  they have much more relaxed laws than bulgaria . 
  we have had several strict laws enacted in the past 5 years or so and from the 3rd most smoking country in the world in 2008 we were in the 30-ties next to germany in 2014 and i bet we are even lower now . 
  smoking laws are respected though . 
  no restaurant will let you smoke at least in sofia fearing fines and closures . 
  it frightens people that the eu might collapse .
