  but yeah i should n't have said golden age its more of a stability and centralisation . 
  i dunno band of brothers always portrait it as one of the worst places to empty your head hmmm . 
  now imagine living without it and your tourism based economy collapsing . 
  venice would become a ghost city in a decade . 
  if you do n't like it move , without the tourism and jobs they would have to move anyway . 
  putin is 64 . 
  russia in its current state is a bunch of oligarchs being submissed into control by putin . 
  the moment he steps down or dies or becomes unable to control the country due to age or illness the whole russian state will collapse . 
  that 's why countries like the us take their democracy super seriously , with a strong democracy you make sure that no one can do too much harm and that no one can become so vital to the state that his/her absence would cause it to collapse . 
  with russia what we are seeing is what we have seen hundreds of times during the medieval era and afterwards . 
  a strong leader leads the country to a golden age only for it to collapse immediately after his passing or gradually over a generation or so . 
  guys it is impossible that 100 % of any police force will be perfectly reasonable . 
  we are not talking about a policeman doing something illegal or threatening anybody , the fine was justified by the law . 
  lets just be glad that the council removed it and that they will apologise . 
  in my country we have to beg our police to do their job at all ( though it 's not their fault-they are badly trained and paid ) . 
  i mean i am not refuting your previous comment because its factual . 
  my point was that we were n't blameless . 
  and in the end we were the ones who made the decision and the ones who ruined it for ourselves , the world is n't fair imo we 've got only ourselves to blame . 
  well technically we were the ones who attacked and we were the ones that were viewed as the aggressors and baddies in the region , a reputation that marked bulgaria as the backstabber for the whole first half of the 20th century and which greatly influenced the outcome for bulgaria for the 2 world wars . 
  i just thought you were being sarcastic and found it funny . 
  like 100 % of the wars named as such . 
  fucking worth every time . 
  but it was bulgaria who stabbed its allies in the back and attacked them ? 
  best in the world . 
   they smoke like crazy . 
  it 's one of the countries with the highest cigarettes consumption in the world . 
  actually not anymore . 
  well , yeah people still smoke like crazy but we went from top 3 to top 40 due to some good anti-smoking laws . 
  we are just in front of germany in average consumption . 
  lem me dispel some of that ignorance . 
  john atanasoff did n't invent the computer , alan turing did . 
  john atanasoff invented the first digital computer in the us and also is n't bulgarian as in he only had and only wanted a us citizenship . 
  born in the us worked and achieved all his successes in the us and died in the us . 
  now onto the first post . 
  modern day bulgarians have nothing genetically common with the proto-bulgaria . 
  why ? 
  because the proto bulgarians were 30k whilst the population of the peoples that lived in the lands the bulgarians settled numbered 2 million . 
  the bulgars formed the ruling elite and the warrior class and after centuries of war and interracial mixing they withered away . 
  close to 1 of every 5 bulgarian is of slavic ancestry do n't know where you pulled that bs out of but google it and every reputable source will say the same . 
  it is debated whether or not plovdiv is the oldest continuously inhabited city but argos and athens are generally regarded as older . 
  much much older . 
  we are talking about 500bc compared to 6-4k bc . 
  bulgaria defeated the byzantium empire in some wars , never fully , unlike what the byzantines did to bulgaria . 
  bulgaria never had any colonies and controlled limited greek lands for limited time spans and the farthest bulgaria conquered into the western balkans is belgrade . 
   because of the cold war , bulgarian history is largely unacknowledged and unstudied , many of their inventions are falsely contributed to greece instead . 
  nah because of the cold war such chauvinism like yours is seen all throughout the country and we still struggle in being able to look towards our history with reason instead of emotion and anything that gets discovered that goes against the idea that we were the good guys gets ignored . 
  when talking about history i see western sources as much more factual than bulgarian ones . 
  the eu and member states are doing exactly that but it is taking very very long . 
  the eu being excruciatingly slow is a valid critique , i am sure they will find a way to deal with the ngo smugglers and will be able to achieve some progress with the na countries but do n't hold your breath . 
  well that is a valid argument though you phrased it kind of like you do n't value their lives . 
  but it is true that the rescues are driving more people to go for it but italy and the eu do n't want to let those first people die as well . 
  it is a pretty difficult situation it is not as simple as `` let them drown '' unfortunately . 
   rubbish . 
  if they came on a boat from libya , then pick them right up and tow them right back where they started . 
  i mean it is rubbish but it is how it is we ca n't legally do it and i mean i am glad that we do n't so nonchalantly break international law like some other countries * cough * russia * cough * . 
   we do n't have an obligation to these people - if libya does n't want them , then they should try harder to keep them out instead of wilfully letting them through . 
  we do n't have an obligation but we do n't want to have people drown when we could have done something . 
  and the eu or its members do n't have any authority over libya and the eu does n't want to be seen as a bully and as a rule breaker . 
  i am sure they will figure something like germany did in afghanistan where they are literally building a new terminal for the kabul airport so it can handle all the deported migrants . 
  that sounds like a precedent for erdogan to be jailed for 30 consecutive life sentences . 
  good point . 
   stop mass immigration to europe there is no legal mass immigration to europe . 
  there is illegal one through the mediterranean which is very hard to stop because we have to either let them drown or save them and bring them into the eu because returning them to the african coasts would be breaking international law . 
   and i 'm denying that . 
  they are n't worried about a few thousand . 
  they are worried about a few million . 
  exactly , they are worried about nothing because there is no reason to be worried about a few million . 
  its the media and populist politicians who sensationalised fear which is making them be worried about things that are never going to happen . 
   let 's keep it polite please . 
  how is that impolite ? 
   and establish a very dangerous precedence . 
  a precedence that will lead to far greater problems in the future . 
  that is what this is about . 
  not a few measly refugees now . 
  its only a precedence if there are more refugees that would be eligible to the plan which there are n't . 
  these refugees are the ones who arrived before the eu had a plan of action . 
  redistribution of any refugee that arrived after will have to be negotiation from the ground up . 
   what do you think the plan would have been if this resettling plan had worked ? 
  do n't you think the eu would have tried it again ? 
  and again ? 
  as i said above no it would n't . 
  there is no more again and again since the routes have been closed and all the people that have arrived since are illegals and have legally a very different identity than the ones included in the relocation plan . 
  and do note that in order for any person to be relocated he/she has to be legally regarded as a refugee and to have been granted asylum . 
  so any host country will be able to deport any of these people the minute reputable sources deem their home regions safe . 
  the only way those refugees stay in their host countries post the crisis is if the host country itself chooses to let them stay . 
  so there is a very high possibility that a majority of these refugees will be back home in 5 or 10 years . 
   of course . 
  noone cares . 
  noone is remotely worried about that . 
  i did not say that . 
  i said that in my opinion the reaction is not equal to the problem and that people are letting their emotion run wild instead of being rational about it . 
  so yeah people are worried , but they are like way overreacting . 
  because we 're not talking about a couple of thousand refugees . 
  do you think with africa 's population going from 1 billion to 4 billion people combined with global warming is going to result in a couple of thousand refugees ?? 
  this is what i am talking about , you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  you talked about the eu resettling refugees in eastern europe which is the eu 's redistribution plan . 
  the plan is to put very little refugees in eastern europe . 
  about 1,6 k in bulgaria , 4k in romania , 10k in poland , even taking away refugees from hungary as well as paying a flat amount of euros per refugee monthly . 
  in bulgaria they will give 60 euros which will be more than enough to cover their expenses . 
  the plan is in regards to only the refugees who have been in europe since the start of the crisis some even before isis was a thing .
