  you think 25 years are enough to clear the distrust the turkish minority have of the government ? 
  yes we have removed the discriminatory laws but have we done anything to mend the wounds ? 
  instead we have racist parties and public figures at the forefront of our politics . 
  how do we react when they try to teach their kids their mother language saying `` this is bulgaria , teach them only bulgarian '' but then rejoice when a school in bessarabia or brasil do the same with bulgarian ? 
  almost 10 % of our population are ethnically turks why isnt turkish an official language ? 
  and they way the public respond to these question is the perfect example that there is no fraternity or acceptance . 
  i see the turkish parties as a result of the failure of our country to properly accept its citizens of turkish decent . 
  the nationalists will only enlarge the division between us with their clear racism and turkophobia . 
  so i see the turkic parties as a problem that can be solved by camaraderie and fraternity . 
  but the nationalists will open pandora 's box and create far more issues with far more difficult solutions . 
  when they are by far the 2 strongest parties people will naturally assume they are alternatives . 
  id like to see both of them gone though i am afraid that will give the `` patriots '' and mareshki their seats and i see them as much worse . 
  its not the worst way things could have played out but i am extremely disappointed . 
  far-right nationalists and populist trumpettes and then bsp nearly doubling its votes from 2014 . 
  the eu didnt have the power to do anything . 
  plus the lying and fraud committed by the greek government didnt help . 
   think of it how you feel about your friends or your family compared to the rest of the people on the planet . 
  it 's ( hopefully ) not that you hate everyone else but simply that you like some people way more for whatever reason . 
  why do you like your friends more than other people ? 
  who knows but you just do , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i like my friends more than some random dude in europe , of course but if the random dude is an accountant and my friend is a barber i would choose the accountant to do my taxes rather than my friend . 
  i understand these concerns and think they are valid . 
  however , i think denmark for example will benefit from a strong eu based currency in a federal government and i am certain that had we been a federation before the world crisis in 08 the euro crisis would not have happened because the eu and a central government would have had more control over eu wide finances and would not have allowed for the southern countries ' debt recklessness . 
  well that 's highly unfortunate . 
  i do n't feel european and i do n't think a european identity is needed for federalisation , what matters imo is having the same values of liberty , equality and fraternity which i think europe shares very closely . 
  its unfortunate that the nordics are so nationalistic and put close ethnic ties beyond other similarities , i fear this type of mentality could prove detrimental for europe . 
  but you already are represented by the eu ? 
  whats the difference between nordic union and eu ? 
  eu is even stronger . 
  thats funny because thats how i have felt about romania for the past several years . 
  you have got a functioning anti-corruption institution and a very pro-western and european political climate with no strong far-right and nationalist parties plus without a strong pro-russian sentiment . 
  this is one of the few things that are better in bulgaria but compared to everything else you arent the one that should be jealous . 
  the church does n't play as strong a part as in romania , though 95 % of everybody who goes to church is from that generation . 
  still the church is basically non-existent in politics . 
  the leader is a female and yeah bsp are basically the old communist party . 
  whats frightening is the support they have after saying shit like that . 
  many of the older folk would be happy with the regime returning . 
  im voting yes , bulgaria too . 
  if everybody voted for the party they believed in instead of to counter another party we wouldnt be in the mess we are now . 
  the leader of bsp stated several days ago that `` democracy took a lot away from us '' . 
  this time around instead of separating into 3 kingdoms we have joined the 2 strongest unions in the world though . 
  i would much rather be a bulgarian citizen in the here and now than at any other time in our history . 
  has slovo even meant word in the past ? 
  same as in russia . 
  well its the way it is for any non-eu country and i dont see why the uk should keep this right just because it had it before leaving . 
  if they want these eu rights they need to follow the laws and regulations that govern them the same as any eu member . 
  but since they are going for a hard brexit then they are the ones who are actually deciding they want to lose these rights , they are the ones pulling the trigger . 
  if i understand it correctly they wont be able to fly eu domestic flights so no they wont be able to fly paris-berlin unless they base their headquarters in the eu and have eu citizens as majority shareholders . 
  it sounds logical , you leave the eu you lose the powers the eu provided to eu based companies that are meant to protect them . 
  labour shortages are limited to only some industries in only some countries and a new issue since the start of the recovery from the 08 crisis . 
  unemployment still has n't fallen to such a low number to become an issue which actually shows that the issue is actually missing educated labour something which high fertility rates wont change . 
  with famine and any other reasons for rapid population loss out of the way for europe i am sure we can change what we need to if the time arrives to do so as we can fairly well predict what will happen in the next decade . 
  i dont think that its bad and i dont think we should look at population as some national recourse that needs to be grown . 
  there are many factors that influence fertility rates and if a country is all good on the economic ones then everything else is just the way it is because the people view it as the best option for them , in such cases having children will be a negative experience for them . 
  in 2016 i am pretty sure bulgaria reached 1.6 . 
  i think that as the former warsaw pact countries grow richer over the next half a century we will see a massive boom in population . 
  romania is basically the size of poland but less than half the population . 
  there is a lot of room to grow and with the economy improving we will . 
  yes those things are reasons to be proud of yourself because you are contributing . 
  all i am saying is that one cant be proud of something if he/she didnt contribute to it by some action . 
  but i got to disagree with you that those things are part of your culture , ( except the cultural events obv . ), 
  they are your responsibilities as a citizen and you upholding them is certainly grounds for being proud . 
   culture does n't develop by itself , it 's developed by people . 
  when you are part of that group of people , you have a right to feel proud of it culture is not developed on purpose it happens over centuries . 
  and being proud of being part of a group because you are born into it sounds incredibly ridiculous to me . 
  are you proud you are white/black/asian ? 
  are you proud you were born hairy/not hairy or proud of the colour of your eyes ? 
  you cant control where and to what you are born , how can you be proud or ashamed of it then ? 
  if you were born some kilometers to the north you would have been saying the same thing about norway , some kilometers to the south about germany . 
  basically you are proud of being born and continuing to be alive because thats all it takes to be a part of a heritage . 
  dont equate paying taxes to essentially imprisoning people . 
  one is necessary for maintaining the administrative capabilities of a government the other is completely unnecessary in today 's europe . 
  the eu and nato have the largest professional armies in the world with the most advances weapons . 
  why waste money and take away the most valuable of liberties - a person 's freedom for nothing ? 
  i would be okay with conscription if there was any real reason for it . 
  but when the professional army can easily take care of the largest possible threat to europe currently ( russia ) then what is the point ? 
  yes look at how many wars there are currently in europe . 
  with the eu and nato there is no point in wasting your youth 's time and your taxpayer money to have them play soldier . 
  its always nice when you offer your youth the choice of being a soldier or going to jail . 
  such a minor thing . 
  you brits with your independence bullshi ... wait what ? 
  i disagree with you that you need to be patriotic to remember history . 
  imho nurturing the past can only lead to trouble , one needs to remember it as cold hard history it should not be idealised . 
  if you do it can lead to the situation in poland or bulgaria where not viewing certain events through patriotic glasses can lead to you being called anti-bulgarian or a traitor . 
  and then ironically you would have tainted the history you were trying to preserve . 
  when it comes to culture i dont even think its an achievement . 
  its just the way it is and has been forever for every nation . 
  and when talking about historical achievements maybe it was collectively so for the people that were alive then , i dont see how i can celebrate them as if they are mine . 
  even then how many of those achievements have been a small group of people doing amazing deeds versus a true collective achievement that the whole nation participated in ? 
  in many cases the heroes of our past have had to fight against the very nation and people that celebrate their achievements today . 
  i dont see how one can be proud of something he/she didnt contribute to . 
  especially since culture is something that develops constantly and by itself . 
  to me it sounds ridiculous to be proud of something and to love it unconditionally when the subject is decided by a geographic lottery . 
  saying `` i am proud to be bulgarian '' to me sounds like saying '' i am proud i was born with black hair instead of blond '' . 
  also patriotism imo blinds you from seeing the true current state of your country . 
  i dont think patriotism is necessary in order to have a general desire to make your country better . 
  i am basically an anti-patriot and anti-nationalist but still i think i have to do what i can for bulgaria because as a citizen its my responsibility . 
  youre only going to be a prisoner for one month whats the big deal ? 
  stomping us with money , support and rights . 
  there must be a mistake alexander the great wasnt included for macedonia ?
