  this is what foreign aid is for though . 
  political leverage . 
   in these cases , you can and should kick them and actually , that would be okay with the anti-discrimination-laws exactly the opposite , its those anti-discrimination laws that make them invincible from being fired for reasons based on their religion/ethnicity/race . 
   but first : that is not a reason not to invite someone to a job interview since there are more strict and more moderate muslims , as there are more strict and more moderated people in every faith or political view look , there is definitely some discrimination going about but in the financial world , money and time are king . 
  if so many people are having issues with muslim employees and refusing giving them interviews i would rather say that its not because of wide spread anti-muslim sentiment . 
   and second : again , this was about jobs as a secretary , so there is no need to touch alcohol or pork during that job . 
  so , what does this problem has to do with the article ? 
  its related because it highlights one of the issues of islam in modern secular societies . 
  muslims are having huge problems in assimilating to western europe so employers dont want to risk and waste their time searching for employees from a demographic that has even a 10 % less chance of yielding good employees . 
  i havent heard about any pro demostrations , i just remember the huge nationalist one in the center of warsaw which doubled as an anti-refugee one . 
  the thing is you had like what less than 1-200 hundred migrants move into poland before the massive protests ? 
  poland is the most homogeneous country in europe , i dont think you are generally xenophobic but you have huge issues with racism with anti-semitism on the rise , so it is obvious that the protests were anti-muslim not anti-uneducated refugees . 
  i understand if germany had such protests because they had to deal with a million refugees , but poland hadnt even been touched by the refugee crisis . 
   also - you simply can not shit on some country , antagonize , defame , vilify , threaten and then expect people from that country to be sympathetic . 
  you should and you can . 
  this is a big issue in eastern europe where because of all the nationalism you cant criticise other countries without them thinking its insults . 
   have you read german press lately ? 
  heard german politicians , especially from brussels ? 
  about anti-polish criticism ? 
  yes and it is well deserved . 
  pis is fucking up your democracy and the eu is doing what it is supposed to by trying to protect you . 
   eu is crumbling , uk left , neo-nazis are on the rise , thanks but no thanks germany . 
  there is not one correct statement in those . 
  eu is not crumbling , the eu is doing better every quarter is all categories : unemployment , economic growth , tax collection lol , etc. 
  uk hasnt even invoked art . 
  50 , neo-nazis are not on the rise its nationalism in countries like poland which is on the rise and its rather troubling especially because its driven by a crisis that didnt touch the country . 
  thanks but no thanks germany ? 
  why didnt you say that like 13 years ago before you took billions if not trillions of euros from western europe and revitalised your country ? 
  if i were you i would start panicking if the eu were really collapsing because then you would lose 13 % of your annual budget not counting funds for stuff like farming subsidies and be politically left alone in the world . 
  no matter how far poland has gotten thanks to the eu , you are still a tiny little middle state on the world scale . 
  there were many reports from the uk where muslim cashiers just flat out refused to serve you if you had alcohol or pork . 
  you hire them and you get cashiers who wont touch alcohol or pork . 
  oh ok , i would just hate it if hungary took a west vs east stance putting itself in the easy . 
  but hungary is part of the west ? 
  what are you on about . 
  you are trying to drag me into an argument against a point i didnt even make . 
  yeah maybe the syrians arent majorly educated , i was wrong about that , but to drag what i said from `` they are better than afghans and sudanese '' to what you talked about in your last paragraph is bs . 
  i hear you . 
  i really hate that some people think that it is islam 's fault . 
  face it , the only difference is that we christians ignore more shit from our religion than the muslims . 
  the problem is religious radicalism . 
  if the migrants were as radical christians as they are muslim id still not want them to come . 
  do you know how many people were supposed to go to poland ? 
  were the protests and xenophobia reflective to the number of refugees ? 
  some people were acting and still do as if the end of the polish civilisation has come , brought by the evil eu . 
  yeah , syrians are much less radicalised than the countries you mentioned . 
  i feel like i dont fit in the world at all . 
  i am an anti-nationalist/patriot who wants for nation states to be abandoned , i see peace and prosperity as more important than culture and tradition ( still love them just think people are forcefully stopping their natural evolution which has been going on since the beginning of humanity till the last couple hundred years ) , i think the west needs to just make up and make a very close union-federation and i think the first stage of the next part of human existence should be a united world . 
  there a some people that think like me but i have never met someone like that in person . 
  im kinda like that . 
  though i like bulgarian weather except for as you said the month or so when its too warm . 
  but i have many friends that are very similar to me and you . 
  you dont like tripe soup ? 
  you do not deserve to be a balkanite . 
  yet i didnt compare them to the region did i ? 
  i compared them to afghanistan , sudan , eritrea , etc. 
  syria was a functioning country until the civil war started . 
  afghanistan and the other countries have never been functioning . 
  its like poland . 
  even if the refugees were highly educated they would still protest against them simply because they are muslim . 
  there are reasonable arguments against the resettlement plan and xenophobic/prejudiced ones . 
  look im not pro-migrant resettlement . 
  the title makes it seems that hungary would rather have north african/afghani migrants than syrian which are much less radicalised and much more educated than them . 
  im not pro-resettlement plan . 
  the title is weird because out of all the refugees the syrians are the best ones but it makes it seems as if hungary would accept northern africans rather than syrians . 
  bulgaria had a 15k ppp gdp per capita in 2010 - http://www.indexmundi.com/bulgaria/gdp_per_capita_ ( ppp ) . html syria had 4.8 k ppp gdp per capita http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?c=sy&amp;v=67, 
  compared to the afghans and north africans the syrians are doctors and architects . 
  really ? 
  because the syrian ones are the only ones that are majorly educated and have genuine reasons to seek refuge . 
  * compared to the afghani and na migrants . 
  what are the costs ? 
  that you might be called to help another member ? 
  it is due to this mentality that there are still believers in no climate change , anit-vaxers and flat earth people . 
  here 's 1000 papers to prove one side of the issue , here is 1 which happens to be the side you are on . 
  '' i knew i was right ! '', 
  as per usual in such threads . 
  1-2 heavily downvoted dumb comments , 10 heavily upvoted comments who condemn the dumb ones . 
  as long as your relationship fits the `` moral '' guidelines set up by the ever watchful and just russian federation . 
  ive never tasted those . 
  they have these drops which are basically the same chocolate as their normal one but in a drop form , i thought you were talking about those . 
  i guess it varies from person to person because i just love it . 
  the biscuits being my favourite part , the ratio between them and the chocolate is perfect imho . 
  whats with the anti-eu ones ? 
  like common values will end up tearing the eu apart - wut . 
  hungary is far from a hue hue huexit and the first one where juncker is holding the shattered eu is also far from the truth . 
  man fuck yall , reese 's and hershey 's are fucking awesome if you manage to hold back on eating the whole thing at once . 
  otherwise it gets too sweet . 
  thats not even true and even if it is its a stupid metric because there are half a dozen states with populations less than 10 % the uk 's . 
  per-capita is what matters and the uk are not that much better than poland or spain . 
  the debate was whether or not the uk will hurt the eu economy enough to force a pussy-out from the eu to offer it a better deal . 
  thanks to what the eu is when you look at markets you need to look at the whole eu rather than individual states . 
  the heads of state in the council and the commission will know this and act accordingly . 
  we have ourselves a fine turn of events then . 
  bulgaria may . 
  easiest country of the ones that havent as our currency is pegged to the euro . 
  the eu just needs to decide whether or not we can be trusted with the euro because of some old scars ^ ^ looking ^ ^ at ^ ^ you ^ ^ greece . 
  i think 2024 is totally doable and if everything goes smoothly maybe even sooner . 
  the eu wont survive where it is now because people feel its more powerful than it is and thus the eu gets blamed for everything . 
  so either we need to give more power to it and go towards federalisation or let its powers be taken away until its basically nothing . 
  nationalists dont want a federal europe hence some people are worried that the rise in nationalism will lead to the collapse of the eu .
