  as i said unless the military cant absolutely do without a draft i am not volunteering . 
  until we get those cool lasers the us are currently producing and putting on fighters and shit we may never be 100 % sure about the intentions of a missile system even though i believe they are only intended to be used for defense . 
  you are the first person i meet who is denying russian foul play when it comes to frowned upon military actions . 
  i cant be bothered to link any examples but just google `` russian airspace intrusions '' or something and you will find enough sources . 
  mate , i am a liberal who hates unnecessary military expenditure . 
  add to that i am a pacifist . 
  i will never go to war unless to defend my family and friends , but i hate weapons and the military and the way they make you into a puppet so you run through the hail of bullets when told to . 
  i hate that countries are building up military and the standoff between nato and russia . 
  but i am not a fool to believe in eternal peace and i do not think that a 800 mil one time expense for a stationary defense is too much or unreasonable . 
  maybe i am not very well accommodated with military tech and its effectiveness but i do not think nato is going too overboard . 
  last summer submarines were detected in the nordic sea by sweden , true i think they never discovered who they were but that was during the time that russian intrusions into nato airspace were a commonality , like when it happened in bulgaria , countless times in greece , that time they literary flew around europe , bombed syrian rebels and flew back home to a base near moscow . 
  all these things happened in the past couple of years , not in the cold war . 
  its not 1992 either . 
  and i do not think i am being unreasonable . 
  the peace we have secured now could literary be gone in 50 years like it did countless times in the past . 
  i dont think the build up of military is the right thing to do , in fact the opposite , but one does not simply trust russia will change its whole mentality and for the first time in history become a nation for which conquest is not the ultimate pride building exercise . 
  many things could happen . 
  i dont think its unreasonable to have at least some defenses vs the 2nd strongest military . 
  maybe it would never happen . 
  maybe russia will dissolve maybe nato will . 
  but if nato was not building defenses and forces would you still be able to make the same statement of russia never daring to attack it ? 
  if a balkan war happens it will not be between nato members , and will be just a small conflict . 
  but imagine what could happen in 60 years . 
  i know referencing 1900 and 1960 is a bit of a shot but you never know . 
  if you think these 20-25 years of peace will last forever you are the delusional one . 
  we have grown so used to `` they wont dare '' that we forget that our civilization is built on centuries of constant war and intrigue . 
  we will be the luckiest generation ever if we die before a major war ( or cold war ) engulfs europe again . 
  plus those 800m are a very small amount for military equipment . 
  saying `` make germany great again '' wont go too well . 
  i think organ donation after death should be automatic unless the person goes out of their way to opt out . 
  and we all know how much russia favors social spending over military spending . 
  plus there were dozens of satellite conflicts during the cold war . 
  there is no european army . 
  militarily nato is the only europe-wide alliance we have . 
  its as if we are frightened the 2nd strongest military power in the world would bully us the same way they do with the weaker nations that are not in nato . 
  first they were complaining we got into nato then now when we started ensuring our safety . 
  but yeah because its so ridiculous to distrust russia . 
  if there were nato troops in ukraine , the country would still have crimea and not be at war vs russia and its militants . 
  when the fuck did nato bombers circle around russia when they are bombing isis like russia does with europe ? 
  why arent there nato submarines getting detected in russia waters ? 
  why arent bulgarian and romanian fighters getting intercepted by russian ones when they fly into its airspace ? 
  russia is like the bully that gets mad when you go and learn boxing because you would fight back if he attacked you . 
  the crescent is actually a turkish symbol that has been used by turkic people even before they became muslim . 
  dude you guys are being ignorant . 
  secular country means that state and religion are separate entities . 
  theres a difference between turkey which population is mostly muslim and a country like saudi arabia where the government is entwined with islam and the religion 's laws . 
  no france is not a christian country , it is a country where a majority of its population defines itself as christian . 
  you are correct , although erdogan is doing a massive 180 degree turn on that . 
  i am worried that turkey wont remain secular if things keep going that way . 
  yeah when has russia ever invaded europe or done anything stupid . 
  like estonia calm down , russia has never conquered neighboring countries in order to make its people forget about its failing economy and corrupt government , relax goddamn . 
  middle ages ? 
  try today 's russia and eastern europe . 
  all 117 % of them . 
  i think just a completed bucharest-ruse and ruse-varna would be best . 
  and then sofia-ruse for my convenience :d . 
  that way it could serve more people . 
  its just silly a country with 3 times the population and higher taxes doesnt have more kms of highway than us . 
  but i know its gon na change . 
  unfortunately all of bulgaria 's highways were made bellow stara planina so traveling to bucharest from sofia or vice versa is a nightmare . 
  they did pay for the varna-burgas highway at the start of the year and have said there is a high possibility for the veliko turnovo - ruse one to commence this year too so traveling to the sea-side is going to be much easier . 
  yeah there were some but they have completely disappeared in the past 10 years or so . 
  and rightfully so , romania is starting to have positive visible changes in everyday life compared to bulgaria . 
  life expectancy , infant mortality , wages , healthcare , crime , economic growth , its all getting better much faster than in bulgaria . 
  i think the only thing that bulgaria is superior in is infrastructure and slightly lower taxes . 
  well the stats in wikipedia are a bit different but yeah bulgaria was doing well compared to the other eastern bloc countries . 
  maybe that is why we had a harder time switching to capitalism and are severely lagging behind now . 
  also poland was doing as well as us until they had a major crisis in the 80s . 
  i wasnt disparaging poland , in fact i am amazed by how much they have improved in the past 25 years . 
  at the end of the warsaw pact bulgaria still had a higher gdp per capital than poland and look at where poland is now . 
  truly amazing . 
  thats only dependent on romania growing by 1 % more than the eurozone . 
  currently it is doing much better than that . 
  if growth remains so strong ( it wont but it will be more than 1 % for sure at least in the next 5-10 years if everything remains the same ) romania will reach the eu average much faster . 
  bulgaria had a very good recovery from ww1 which was the second national disaster in that decade.can you imagine , higher gdp pc than poland . 
  everything was fine until the red nation attacked . 
  sovereignty , like borders and countries is a fantasy that is only real because enough people believe it is real . 
  if we 're `` giving back '' sovereignty to its original owners shouldnt the uk divide into the anglo-saxon kingdoms ? 
  why the hell is wessex ruling everybody from london ? 
  yes but that is just a knee-jerk response to the migrant crisis . 
  nationalism is on the rise in the whole of europe currently . 
  and dont worry nobody will be dragged into a federal europe without wanting it . 
  nobody said countries should be forced into a federal government . 
  thats why i think the eu should propose a two-speed system , where the countries that want to work towards a closer union and eventually federalization can do so , and the countries that want just the economic side of the treaties with minimal political involvement can also do so . 
  but in reality the eu was made specifically for this reason . 
  to end european wars . 
  if you read some of the quotes by churchill for example you will see how strong pro-european unity was in the years after the war . 
  that and european leaders realizing that europe was slowly losing its political and economic influence and power in the world . 
  in what ? 
  the migrant crisis ? 
  the migrant crisis will barely be an event in 20 years . 
  but stopping cooperation between countries and instilling once again a `` everybody for himself '' kind of mentality is a good precedent for dumb wars . 
  like ww1 , fueled by nationalism , border and land disputes and inner-european multiple alliances . 
  a region of 50 countries with strong cultural and ethnical divisions cant remain peaceful without a good level of cooperation . 
  and i dont want to wake up in 1914 . 
  my friend , i have received so much hate mail over this i dont know how to react anymore to anything haha . 
  i fucked off :d . you are totally right i had not even read the article and i jumped to conclusions based on the comments . 
  i would have . 
  i actually do react the same way when uncalled for murders or shooting are done by police in the us for example . 
  i try to be reasonable though , sometimes they are right to shoot sometimes they are not , in this case he wasnt trying to inflict bodily harm and i think he was justified in trying to shoot the tires .
