  when and how did it happen that germany and france are the leaders of the eu ? 
  all the heads of the institutions are electable , the two largest nations have as much representation as malta and bulgaria in every institution except the parliament which is population based . 
  the problem is that only they are willing to work for the eu . 
  yes but in the end there is only one `` best '' balance . 
  of course there is balance but as humans are emotional creatures the line between rationality and desire gets blurred very easily . 
  well id say by modern understanding a federation could also imply that . 
  but yeah a confederation would be the correct term , though i think a mix of the two would be best . 
  damn now you got me all confused in my ideologies and stuff , haha . 
  federal union . 
  a union of countries , not one country with one culture and identity . 
  if europe were a federal union we would command greater political gravitas than the us . 
  its the nature of politics that the strongest has the most power . 
  and we have seen time and time again , isolationism does not work . 
  competent not smart . 
  that change of word changes the whole meaning . 
  them bloodthirsty lefties ? 
  europe does not like far-right ideologies for the most part . 
  its just the combination of the migrant crisis and isis and terrorism that is driving people towards extreme immigration policies . 
  most people will still be against most other far-right policies , if they knew them . 
   the only hope is in christian-conservative values just no . 
  the last 700 years or so can be devided into periods of eating more doner and periods of eating less doner . ^ ^ ^ andethniccleansing, 
  mate i understand where you are coming from , i just question whether the situation could have been handled better . 
  i dont know , i think that as long as the spanish government lets the catalans wave their flags and express their culture and nationality they have no valid reasons to want independence . 
  careful there komsu we wouldnt want a 3rd balkan war . 
  * ^ ^ prepares ^ ^ to ^ ^ attack ^ ^ greece ^ ^ and ^ ^ serbia ^ ^ for ^ ^ no ^ ^ reason *, 
  whats with people from turkey and japan refusing to accept what their ancestors did . 
  history is history you cant change it . 
  i dont think they should apologize for something they personally didnt do but come on this is just ridiculous . 
  i feel you . 
  i was a big turkey in the eu supporter some years ago , but with what erdogan has done and the way it has resonated with the people has made me sceptical at best . 
  turkey is still the most progressive and developed muslim country but you guys have back-pedalled a lot in the past couple of years . 
  tbh turkey has more than twice the combined romanian and bulgarian naval force . 
  but yey for co-operation . 
  same with bulgaria . 
  we voted for a government who wont fight corruption and file much needed justice reforms . 
  who the fuck is the eu to give us * less * money because of it and try to help out . 
  pretty dumb from spain . 
  few people waving the catalan independence flag is a no story . 
  forbid people from waving their flag in a region where people are trying to find an excuse to call foul against your country and suddenly they might have a point . 
  i too want my country to be part of turkey again when the pm says something dumb . 
  thats overweight in pounds . 
  i know you joke but [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/gll0m9y ) is a slightly incorrect map that shows the basics ( wikipedia has more recent information ) . 
  the blues is basically homo sapiens who after leaving africa settled in mesopotamia before migrating to europe . 
  it is one of the oldest groups to inhabit europe and it predates many other groups like the slavs who came from asia . 
  it is most predominantly seen in south eastern europe with croatia having the most . 
  many bulgarians can trace their roots to that haplogroup ( most of any other group ) . 
  can bulgaria though ? 
  only about 15-20 % of people belong to slavic haplogroups . 
  well i doubt they are refusing people just cause . 
  if they remove the visas they will have to give entry to those 15 % who they dont want to let in and i think thats what is stopping them . 
  i am not familiar with the us visa regulations but for the canadian ones i think the required visa violation rate had to be at least bellow 3 % , bulgaria 's was around 4.4 % and romania was just about 3 % but also the visa refusal rate had to be below 3 % again where bulgaria and romania were both over 15 % . 
  i mean if the refusal rate was like 5 % you could call out the canadians for being too anal but 15 % coupled with bulgarians violating their visas more than the maximum allowed , i dont think the canadians are being unreasonable . 
  this is bullshit . 
  its just silly playing this political game from which no one will benefit . 
  canada has clear regulations on when to remove the visas , if bulgarians and romanians fell beneath the required rate of visa violations and refusals then we could talk about visa removals . 
  where ? 
  in about 4-5 countries who spend way above their means and were hit the hardest during the world financial crisis of 08 that started in the us . 
  the us 's debt is 75 % of their annual gdp . 
  thats gdp not even revenues . 
  the eu faired way better than the us . 
  good luck finding a country in the middle east and africa without a despot . 
  so is / r/europe for keeping the migrant channels open and letting them into europe now ? 
  thats a bit more than half their surplus for last year . 
  if the uk leaves there will definitely be trade between the eu and britain even if the uk opt out from joining the economic union like norway and switzerland . 
  it wont be as easy and as bountiful though . 
  in fact it will 100 % hinder trade and increase prices of goods from outside the uk . 
  nobody is saying the eu will be passive aggressive and cold shoulder the uk , everything is just going to get harder due to the nature of things . 
  oh yeah totally , things are definitely getting better . 
  but even compared to romania our industry is very underdeveloped . 
  there are many factories being made currently but i also hear that some are leaving due to companies having no faith in our justice system . 
  i was wondering how to phrase it so it wouldnt become part of the eu discussion but i didnt manage to . 
  this is just what i think in general not only for the eu . 
  we have some major issues in bulgaria because of nationalism . 
  our industry is in shatters and we still managed to be the second most polluted country in the eu . 
  thats some dedication right there . 
  yeah i basically have almost no knowledge on this so i am working solely on intuition and logic . 
  my stance does have some holes in it . 
  but then why countries have referendums that require absolute majorities ? 
  i think it makes sense when they do it . 
  damn those are some old responses :d . im starting to doubt whether i know more about my opinions on the issues than you . 
  sometimes i might have been frustrated and might have overreacted . 
   i kinda want them to leave so they blame every little problem in their country on the leave campaign and the decision to leave instead of on the eu . 
  isnt it true that whoever wins is going to get blamed for every issue for the next 50 years ? 
  i wrote that post to portray that and i chose the brexiters winning because that is how the thread was leaning . 
   these demands are a joke . 
  10 times better for uk to leave than to make the eu even more insignificant . 
  cant make them want to be a part of europe . 
  the demands were awful and if all were granted i would have rather had them leave . 
  i think the deal cameron secured was reasonable . 
   i actually prefer the uk to leave rather than have them riot over every minuscule law the eu forces upon them again this was fueled by the pro-brexit threads and frustration . 
  i have always tried to be as reasonable as possible but sometimes i fail and emotions slip through . 
  i do want the uk to stay . 
  i may have changed my opinion at some points but i always was for a closer and united europe and world . 
  i just think that not advancing towards a better future because of some sense of nationalistic belonging is wrong . 
  i think introducing a two speed europe is the answer . 
  a federal eu would allow us to re-start everything and make sure we make it more efficient and less problematic , plus federalisation would remove many issues by itself . 
  because if lets say the possible results of the vote are : yes and no 51 % voted yes 49 % voted no yes vote wins but it turns out that out of the 49 % of those who voted no 40 % will be angry and 9 % content , and from the 51 % who voted yes 25 % are happy and 26 % content . 
  so in this scenario we get that 40 % of the population will be angry , 35 % content and 25 % happy . 
  now lets say that the vote needed a larger majority and it fails even though more people voted for yes . 
  out of the people who voted no 40 % will be happy and 9 % content .
