  i dont know about norway but ee countries are desperate for working people . 
  i personally am okay with accepting educated syrian refugees who are given a test to see if they accept secularism and human rights and equality . 
  but i am 100 % against afghani , african and other refugees . 
  so the only thing that has changed from the treaty of westphalia is nationalism . 
  and thats why the world has been so peaceful since then . 
  good one . 
  is homosexuality shunned in christianity and islam ? 
  yes . 
  the only thing is that christians are better at ignoring their holy book . 
  hence its not the religion which is the issue , it is the people who follow it . 
  probably veliko turnovo . 
  couldve been plovdiv as well as it used to be rumelia 's ( vassal semi-autonomous state which reunited with bulgaria , which is why serbia attacked bulgaria in 1885 ) capital, 
  yep homophobia is backed by both religions . 
  and if he was christian in the us in certain areas he woulndt hate himself because he was gay ? 
  we are talking about the country that has camps to treat gayness . 
  a nation state is a country or an autonomous state that is defined by the nationality that makes up its citizens . 
  a nation is just a group of people with a common culture , traditions , language , etc. 
  is there no welsh or scottish nation in the united kingdom ? 
  or no catalan and basque nation in spain ? 
  a federal europe would be a federation made up of nations , not nation states . 
  i dont want to push a european nationality . 
  i can be bulgarian and be part of a european federation . 
  except how he was saying he wants boots on the ground fighting isis . 
  aye there were exceptions . 
  like the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , and the teutonic order and some others . 
  but its stupid saying that nationalism stopped all war and made the world peaceful . 
  there are many other factors such as technological advances , governments ( from monarchies to republics ) , etc. 
   but what i am trying to say is that its not important what you describe yourself as . 
  it doesnt matter , german-polish , the difference can be as small as a kilometre . 
  what actually matter is that you , as an individual , choose the values that you rationally get to , instead of inheriting them from your parents . 
  uhm no . 
  federal europe not european empire . 
  a group of european nations willingly joining into a federation which undertakes the governmental duties that affect all the members ( aka army , common economic policy , common political group ) , regional government remaining the same . 
  lets start with what nationalism is . 
   nationalism is a shared group feeling in the significance of a geographical and sometimes demographic region seeking independence for its culture or ethnicity that holds that group together . 
  nationalism was a well known concept before the form we are familiar with became quite popular with countries in the 19th century . 
  just because the `` nation-state '' in today 's status did not exist back then , it doesnt mean it didnt exist . 
   the story of history is largely one group of people oppressing a weaker group of people . 
  what were those groups made up from ? 
  it was jews versus egyptians , mongols vs tatars , romans vs etruscans . 
  those group were made up on the basis of nationalism . 
  exceptions would be the teutonic order for example , which were not a common thing . 
   the main political and governing organization up until a couple hundred years ago was multiethnic empires . 
  uhm , not really , not most of then at least . 
  you could say austria-hungary was a multi-ethnic empire but then no slavs were ever given power in it . 
  for a long time the empire was just called the austrian empire until the resurgence of ( you guessed it ) hungarian nationalism . 
  but it was 1 group of people from one nationality , ruling over a conquered number of peoples . 
  ottoman empire was also similar , although they were more split between religions , rather than ethnicity , but lets not kid ourselves , back then 99.9 % of an ethnicity would have the same religion so you could say that the separation of the ruling elite and commoners ( and christians as a second class citizen ) was ethnic . 
  small exception for the janissaries who were conscripted from christian societies , converted to islam to serve the empire . 
   a big reason why history has been a continual violent struggle of groups . 
  groups largely based on nationality/ethnicity , yep . 
  reasonably then you can make the point that if people didnt feel some sort of symbolical belonging to one group because they were born and raised in roughly the same geographical location as you there wouldnt be as many wars . 
  ** but ** and this is a big but , there are many many many other reasons that war occured through history , we are talking a plethora of complicated reasons based on human nature , government types , technological levels , nationalism , etc , etc. 
   youre comment is probably the most historically ignorant comment i 've ever seen oh the irony . 
   the idea that nations generally had self determination throughout history is ludicrous and false . 
  now this is somewhat complicated . 
  without efficient forms of communication , even nationalities were split up . 
  the people that led them ( kings , emperors , etc. ), 
  were able to then seek their own desires without caring about what the people wanted . 
  ( nobody knew what `` the people '' wanted , not even them ) . 
  in the 19th century , though , when nationalism resurged , it was much easier to develop a sort of national unity and a common goal , which in most cases was to achieve a state with a singular nationality in it being the ruling elite and lower classes . 
   the idea that any significant portion of wars happened because `` i do n't like those other people '' is so sophomoric . 
  of course , there were many other reasons , but most of them arising from governmental and administrative regions developing from ethnic boundaries . 
  the 100 years war wasnt started just because they hated each other . 
  but the lower classes had no other ambition to kill the other rather than because of hate towards the other ethnic group . 
  if a french person found themselves in an english hamlet , would he survive the night ? 
   the austrian hungarian empire did n't start a war because they did n't like slavs . 
  what was the spark of that war ? 
  a member of a oppressed nation and group that lacked self determination killed the leader of the nation that was oppressing them . 
  uhm yes they did . 
  you just proved * my * point . 
  due to the nationalism of the black hand and gavrilo princip the spark was lit and resulted in a war , that was caused by frictions created from nationalism . 
  if there was no nationalism back then , the austria-hungarian empire would not be oppressing slavs just because they are different ethnicity from them , the black hand woudnt be formed out of nationalistic necessities in the form of uniting all south slavs , russia wouldnt have attacked austria-hungary because they needed to protect their slavic brothers , etc. 
  the cause of the war was nationalistic frictions in eastern europe and the balkans . 
  but i am not disagreeing that nationalism was a useful tool in the past . 
  it was . 
  its just that i believe that it is not necessary anymore in the modern world and in some regions it is even being harmful . 
  whether or not nationalism was a thingof the past is unrelated to my main post and i dont know why i let you distract me from it . 
   every country runs things in a different way for their own reasons . 
  which is highly inefficient and bad for the economy and industry . 
  no need to hinder europe 's future because of fear of ruining the inefficient status quo . 
   you would have to virtually eradicating cultural , infrastructural and economic variation , without somehow causing a mass exodus out of the eu and maybe even a war . 
  it simply ca n't be done . 
  the eu has already eradicated some of these variations . 
  dont know why you are throwing culture in there , it is unrelated to the topic . 
  having common economic , industrial , infrastructural , etc. 
  systems turns a system that is designed to hinder each-other into a system that benefits all . 
  and about the exodus and war , i know as well as you that that is malarkey . 
  well , you cant really * just * get accustomed to a culture and traditions and a set of values . 
  but lets say you spend 10 years living in germany and you learn how to live like a german and at the end realise that you prefer to be german , then , for me , you are german . 
  but what i am trying to say is that its not important what you describe yourself as . 
  it doesnt matter , german-polish , the difference can be as small as a kilometre . 
  what actually matter is that you , as an individual , choose the values that you rationally get to , instead of inheriting them from your parents . 
  yeah and the thing that changed from them is countries became democracies and republics and not monarchies . 
  blaming no-nationalism for tribal wars is like blaming jesus because he didnt have an assault rifle . 
  no , of course not . 
  a good start would be a federal europe . 
  nationalities were always very closely tied to governance and administration . 
  there are very few exceptions where it is different . 
  for example ancient greece was much more hard-core than nationalism , there , moving to another city was unthinkable .
