  because russia has the most to win if the eu collapses because they then can pick us apart one by one ? 
  whats the difference between people from brussels and people from ireland ? 
  i never got this argument . 
  you are okay with people leading you over other people because they were born in a closer geographical location to yours ' ? 
  like they were born 300kms away but the other guy who you dont know either was born only 100km so its pefectly fine and logical . 
  who uses hate ? 
  right now everybody is on the opposite side berating federalists and leftists for being cucks . 
  we already have many programs like this . 
  and there is no need to force people to learn everybodys cultures thats just silly . 
  we are forming a federal government not a nation state.and it should mean no border checks theres nothing scary about eu nationals . 
  border checks within the eu are a waste of time and money . 
  just because currenlty we have an issue because * somebody * let in a bunch of middle easterns into schengen doesnt mean we need to revert to iron curtain-like border crossings for the next 4 generations . 
  79m haha lol . 
  its gon na be like 150m by the time they get to western europe . 
  and we all know their only purpose in life is to destroy western civilization . 
  i really hope this doesnt happen . 
  i dont want to live in a world of everybody for himself whilst every country is trying to out-manoeuvre the others politically . 
  no more great powers and theatre plays , europe wont survive replaying its history of division in the 21st century and onwards . 
  youve got to remember that the eu is not a single entity exactly . 
  it seems as through there is not clear leadership within it . 
  who is in charge ? 
  the commission , the eu council ? 
  definitely not the parliament which should be . 
  there needs to be more centralisation . 
  it should be easier for the eu to make decisions and to set up goals . 
  and every decision like the relocation program should go through the parliament . 
  not its not . 
  its how reddit and everybody currently views leftists . 
  like who is upvoting this shit . 
  this is exactly how the trump assholes are refering to leftists , if you think any of this is true you are a moron . 
   it does n't matter if there is a war in the refugees ' origin country because of climate change  and it does n't matter if isis gets here because we already have so many extremists here  i have n't had a job in 3 years and the queue for public housing is 10 years didnt know the roma people were leftists . 
  nobody is forcing us to take these migrants and so far we have taken very few of them and it has been only our choice . 
  of course there will be many for bulgaria as we are a eu borer and the conflict that started it all is a country away . 
  theres no guarantee that even one of these refugees will be admitted . 
  we have to find a way for both . 
  the uk in general is very far ahead on tolerance than the central and eastern european nations . 
  i feel like the only setbacks come from people kinda being forced to be tolerant by societary and even legislative laws instead of learning and understanding its the right thing to do . 
  thats not a critique its just an observation and a possible explanation of the brits who participate in the muslim bashing . 
  i dream of a day when bulgaria is half as tolerant as the uk . 
  it is so worrying to me there are so many ridiculously intolerant and ignorant people in this thread . 
  and this is on reddit , cant imagine the shitstorm in moderate forums . 
  at least all of them have been decently downvoted to the bottom of the thread . 
  but , my god there are so many . 
  we will have to rely on more recent history and our remaining ~ ~ enemies ~ ~ neighbours . 
  you dont remember the minister of education and science getting axed because he mentioned something about bulgaria and and turks living peacefully together through some points of the ottoman control of the balkans ? 
  it happened just as the eu commission report came out stating how bad bulgaria is compared to even romania . 
  so there was basically no coverage of the report but people got their pitchforks ready to defend their culture from the second ottoman invasion . 
  turns out there was nothing about `` living together '' in the history textbooks but still boyko forced the resignation of the minister and got praise for defending the bulgaria values . 
  and then we fell like 10 spots in the freedom of press rankings . 
  its only like 1200-2000 migrants . 
  its a non issue whatever happens for bulgaria . 
  plus the eu will pay us to care for them . 
  good on him then , he did the right thing in my opinion . 
  he got a lot of support when the whole history books bs happened , though . 
  i was expecting him to preach to the nationalists again . 
  damn did n't expect borisov to be okay with the relocation program let alone scold the central european countries for not respecting the eu 's decision . 
  as much as i am on macedonia 's side on the naming issue , yall need to stop with the alexander the great shit and with the delusions that today 's macedonia has anything to do with the ancient greek state . 
  12 hours now . 
  the last 2 obama threads the top 3-4 posts were about him telling brits what to do just like the evil germans and brussels . 
  so saying that leaving an economic union would impact trade relations is a gaffe ? 
  fear our might !, 
  where are all the brits complaining how a foreign figure is tyrannically forcing them to do something ? 
  or does that happen only for pro-eu statements ? 
  we dont have the budget and when the government mentions increasing taxes everybody loses their shit . 
  at least if we had a working justice system foreign investors wouldnt be afraid to touch us even though we have the lowest taxes in the eu by far . 
  we use all the slavic words but in other close in nature meanings . 
  i thought the us had a bunch of 'em but for kids ? 
  no schengen has nothing to do with living and working in eu countries . 
  the free movement is what does that . 
  but in order to stay in any eu country for more than 3 months you need to prove you are looking for work or that you have work . 
  yep , imo if immigrants show that they can not integrate into our modern societies where women are equal to men , church and state are separate , etc. 
  then they shouldnt be allowed to settle . 
  but that doesnt mean that multiculturalism does n't work , but merely that not all cultures are suitable to be part of a multicultural society . 
  i disagree . 
  there are many minorities in the eu that are living with the natives and we hear nothing about them ( vietnamese in eastern europe , chinese , south americans , etc. ), 
  you base your whole argument on name immigrants because in reality that is one of the only modern examples of failed multiculturalism and the only one most of the people have heard about . 
  if there is tolerance on both sides multiculturalism works . 
  i dont see why everybody is blaming multiculturalism when the obvious problem is name immigrants coming from outdated societies being unable to tolerate other societies and cultures . 
  but the reality was that the subcontinent was fractured and therefore less powerful . 
  aye but that doesnt mean you were more powerful . 
  you got dominated by a isle while you had many times their population . 
  i 'd say that apart for the mongols , europe was the most powerful region during the last millennium . 
  no it does not and its a myth we need to dispel . 
  what the eu wants is to bring cultures and peoples closer together so we can all benefit from our separate cultures instead of paying the price for being so politically separate . 
  i am bulgarian but i am also a federalist because i dont think the status-quo of nation-states will survive the next century , the first one in a millennia where a disunited europe is not the most powerful region in the world . 
  yeah i was questioning the title . 
  just because the unemployment is falling doesnt mean its caused the $ to rise as it should have done the same in the eu . 
  with freedom of movement being one of the pinnacles of what the eu is today i would say its a multicultural project . 
  problem is that eu * is * a multicultural project . 
  there are no european people there are some 40 countries and cultures in an area the size of half a brazil . 
  the eu could not be here if it wasnt for multiculturalism . 
  the name immigrants who are abusing our open multicultural societies are the ones who are at fault . 
  its not multiculturalism its intolerant people . 
  but hasnt the eu 's unemployment fallen to an 8-year low ? 
  but arent ( and sorry if i am insulting with my ignorance ) hungarians and magyar the same ? 
  its always been very interesting to me why hungarians ( magyars ) in romania refer to themselves only as magyar and never hungarian . 
  is it because you want to distance yourselves from the country but not the nation ? 
  the state is named after an admiral named penn. 
  in english it would be `` penn 's woodland '' . 
  funnily enough transylvania was named as such because they used to say its `` over the forest '' in latin and i think its the hungarians who first officially called it such as a name .
