  with polls showing close results this referendum will certainly turn bitter . 
  i agree . 
  but the decision is to go from being a member to not being a member . 
  so its only logical that theyd focus on the consequences of the change if it happens . 
  to be honest , i cant understand why so many people care what and how the campaign is doing , makes me think people just follow whoever spends the most or has the best marketing department . 
  i wish people would just make a decision as individuals based on reason . 
  oh yeah , base your vote on showing off some randoms from europe instead of rationally deciding what is best for the future of your country . 
  who is doing the scaremongering now ? 
  the issue is that people are too pc . 
  culture is good , but if you culture condones violence and sexism then those aspects of it need to be forbidden and not allowed in europe . 
  will a 51-49 vote result in brexit ? 
  or will it require a bigger majority ? 
  bye bye , cant wait for you to have to enter the economic union again and pay us the same amount of money if not more because you will lose your rebate . 
  oh and of course you will have to agree to follow any eu laws that come with joining the economic union such as freedom of movement . 
  and as a plus we wont have to deal with your refusal to cooperate in the eu parliament but you will still be forced to accept some decisions it makes . 
  what a victory for the uk !, 
  i hate this argument . 
  they have to showcase the negatives from brexit because those will be the consequences . 
  you will be losing benefits and i dont understand why highlighting which benefits you will lose is scare tactics . 
  it is very logical to me . 
  you want to leave ? 
  well here is what you 'll lose in order to leave . 
  in this way they also highlight what you have now . 
  because multiculturalism does not equal letting people live like in the dark ages . 
  schengen 's smallest contribution is towards personal conveniences . 
  resuming border control will create massive trade bottlenecks which will seriously impact the eu 's economy . 
  the uk checks everybody 's passports , this is bs . 
  it is one of the exception the uk secured for themselves such as not having to change their currency to the euro . 
  they check everybody , even their own citizens . 
  freedom of movement and schengen are different things , this just displays how little your understanding of this is . 
  bulgarian has freedom of movement but not schengen which means i can go and live and work in any eu country i want without a reason but can still be subject to border control like it is in the uk , schengen means member countries dont have border control with each-other . 
  and no , catching one of these people is not worth the inconvenience for tense of millions many of which work across borders and the disastrous affect this will have on our economies . 
  not to mention that it wont have much of an effect . 
  look at tsa in the usa . 
  $ 8 + billion in spending and no serious threats caught . 
  it is a bit of an exaggeration but removing schengen is surely going to push us into alienation and inner-eu hostility . 
  i do not want to live in a divided europe and this will be the first step of dividing it . 
  i did not live during the cold war , but i very well remember crossing the romanian and greek borders in the 90s and that is good enough for me to realise how dumb and counter effective such border controls are . 
  control the outer borders of the eu with a united eu border force and more strict australia-like migrant laws and there wont be any need to destroy our economy and liberties . 
  `` those who sacrifice liberties for security deserve neither . '', 
  ben franklin . 
  ffs ... schengen is not stupid . 
  it has empowered business and trade a hell of a lot . 
  the problem is when you let in a bunch of middle eastern migrants walk freely through the eu borders that it becomes an issue . 
  removing schengen would stop only the most civil migrants the terrorists will still find ways to enter , just as here they made it into the uk even though it has border control and has even been strengthening it the past couple of years . 
  i refuse to live in a new iron curtain and i wont let no migrants make me live like in the cold war . 
  i think its 200 + euros in bulgaria , and bulgaria has a weaker purchasing power . 
  i assume 100 euros in illegally low . 
  i believe in questioning everything i know and being extremely independent in what i choose my views to be . 
  this is why i hate labels . 
  i like liberalism , doesnt mean i like everything liberals stand for . 
  if i had to label myself as anything it would be rationalist . 
  because i choose my views based on facts and logic and not emotion . 
  i have questioned authoritarian values and far-right values into oblivion . 
  and its easy to see how the far-right and authoritarianism has ruined every country it has touched . 
  you wouldnt be banned dont worry , this is not trumps subreddit where they ban for having a counter argument . 
  its actually so funny how hypocritical you are . 
  surely you are not comparing racism to holding a political view . 
  tbh i am not even sure what youre trying to say here again . 
  i fail to see any relevance in this . 
  i educated myself on anarcho-tyranny and i understand even less why you would use it against me . 
  what are you actually trying to say here ? 
  i feel like im speaking to a parrot . 
  have you like read anything i have written ? 
  authority is good and necessary when did i say its not ? 
  its bad when theres too much authority and when too many unnecessary restrictions are enacted . 
  erdogan uses his authority to only further his power and restrict the free-thinkers of turkey by ( like putin ) transforming every news agency into a propaganda machine . 
  suddenly people think the kurds in syria are bad and the crimean occupation was totally worth the toll it took on the economy and the alienation of the country . 
  where is it the same in europe ? 
  which eu country will jail you if you say the head of state is a twat ? 
  now i do agree that pc culture has gotten way out of hand . 
  but that doesnt mean we should allow for people to spread racism , such things should not be illegal unless they plan to harm but they should still be frowned upon socially . 
  because racism is just not right . 
  thats it . 
  it isn . 
  you are a shitty person if you are racist . 
  i bet you wont be jailed for saying anything on twitter . 
  you will be jailed if you did in most not liberal and authoritarian countries though . 
  because liberalism is all about you getting more rights so you dont get fucked over by the government when a trump or an erdogan is elected . 
  its like every time i speak with people like you its the same shit over and over again . 
  you make no attempt to understand my views , you immediately go into your liberal bashing and the hypocritical `` doublethink '' argument . 
  i will not reply any further unless your next comment has any substance or a trace of an argument because it has all been seemingly random attacks against me that make no sense . 
  you just defended culling the whole muslim population of europe . 
  how is that not genocide ? 
  it is funny you compare liberalism to tyranny since its the exact thing it opposes . 
  how did you get to me being an anarchist ? 
  its because i say it again , you didnt read my comment if you had youd see that i support enacting more rules and more regulations on the refugees . 
  its so silly the whole liberal bashing circlejerk that has developed in europe and the us . 
  if you dont want to live in a free and open society then go the fuck to russia or turkey and experience authoritarianism where talking against the status quo and the ruling elite gets you in jail . 
  2.7 % is 27 people for every 1000 . 
  you could live your whole life in slovakia and never meet a eu immigrant . 
  just .4 % less than estonia . 
  also you are the largest in population that means you have more eu immigrants than estonia or latvia . 
  no it wont . 
  you want to kill 10ns of millions of innocent people in order to catch like 50 bad guys . 
  you want to commit the worst genocide in human history and you call that protecting people from atrocities . 
  you are on the same mental and ideological level as the terrorists and the world would be just as better off with you out of it as it would be with them . 
  what ? 
  if you havent noticed i am the one saying we should not try to resolve this with violence . 
  your european union flag does not match your values .
