  i bet if they had not done anything they would have been blamed for standing idly . 
  like the un forces that ran out of rwanda when the genocide in 94 happened . 
  i am bulgarian . 
  why am i bulgarian ? 
  1300 + years ago some 30 000 steppe people showed up in the general area where bulgaria is situated now . 
  they were the bulgars . 
  what they found was a bunch of unorganised slavs and thracian descendants numbering about 2 million people . 
  quickly they incorporated them within the new bulgarian state with the bulgars forming the ruling and military elite . 
  wars ensued and little by little the proto-bulgarians either mixed in with the native inhabitants or died off in these wars . 
  i am very inclined to believe that all bulgars had died off ( as they were semi-nomadic warriors they comprised the biggest chunk of the army , they did not deal with other things , so when an army was destroyed a massive chunk of the bulgar population was destroyed as well ) or mixed with the local populace beyond recognition by the time the byzantines conquered bulgaria some 300 years after its creation . 
  so here i am . 
  its 2016 some 1000 years after i believe the bulgars in this region were no longer an ethnicity . 
  but still our country is called bulgaria , i call myself bulgarian but after what ? 
  some word that used to mean something 1000 years ago . 
  why do i not call myself byzantine ? 
  or turkish ? 
  the ottomans formed the longest lasting government that ruled these lands . 
  i only care about my culture and traditions because they were inherited to me the same way another culture and traditions could have been inherited to me . 
  so i realised , nationality , religion , culture and traditions . 
  all these things are random . 
  they should ** not ** be the basis of my character . 
  they should not define me , they should not define my inspirations about the future or my interpretation of history . 
  i realised nationality is something , used in the past to drive the masses to do what the kings and dictators told them to . 
  history was changed , culture and traditions adapted , so your kid would grow up and thoughtlessly drive himself towards the trench of the enemy for this made up symbolism and made up norms . 
  how silly it is , that we divide ourselves into nation-states because 300-800-1300 years ago someone thrust a sword in the ground and said that ethnicity and culture and traditions would not grow from now on at this particular place . 
  when it comes to having a government , i dont care if its made up by only bulgarians . 
  what i care is that it has the same basic principles as i do , which are equality , human and civil rights and that everybody has the liberty to pursue happiness . 
  the same way religion was separated from the state , so should nationality . 
  because at the end of the day we are on a rock floating through space now tell me why we kill and segregate each other over being born on the other side of an imaginary boundary . 
  you are the one looking at it as black and white . 
  nato bombed my motherland = nato are baddies and so is the eu and the west , even though the bombings immediately forced the serbian forces to withdraw and stopped the war . 
  and saying you are abandoned and alone when you are the one creating and storing more hate within you , alienating yourself from the outside world . 
  nato are the baddies but the serbs who committed war atrocities and forced the nato response are taken out of the equation . 
  also shame on the west for not supporting the serbs dictating over several nationalities that did n't want to be part of the failed , broken state of yugoslavia . 
  i havent heard anything regarding that . 
  but it would be very undemocratic if true . 
  4-5 % of vote and they are the most affected so i expect a much larger turn-out and at least a 75 % remain vote . 
  its not about obama being an ass to the uk . 
  its more about the complexity and the time it takes to create a deal between two countries . 
  `` the person responsible for the foreign affairs of a whole country should stop commenting on foreign affairs '', 
  you would vote for the side you dont support in the most important uk elections in decades because obama , the president of one of uk 's closest allies , expressed an opinion . 
  but yeah you definitely dont care about obama 's opinion . 
  people like you should be banned from voting in anything other than eurovision . 
  seriously , people that say shit like this are on the same level as early-teens acting up . 
  falklands war ? 
  better reduce the defence budget . 
  i wonder what the us would have done . 
  no eurovision song will ever be as great as this one . 
  a + answer . 
  war is also a thing we should fear . 
  this is the longest peace europe has experienced but a traumatic event like the collapse of the eu could shake things up quite a bit . 
  some people say it contradicts democracy . 
  it kinda does in my opinion too . 
  but i am mostly afraid that because the political culture in bulgaria is very weak people are going to vote for candidates they know very little about and only for surface reasons . 
  union and federation are very different things . 
  union just enforces a small level of cooperation between members while a federation combines every governmental body into one . 
  i meant the most conservative state in the us . 
  which to be fair is a bit of an exaggeration but who knows what happens in 20 or so years . 
  the us even legalised gay marriage while in my country gays have basically no rights depending on the cop and region . 
  i actually have a 10 year visa still active . 
  its easier to renew it as well . 
   i feel like every country not in western europe will get destroyed by outside political influence, 
  europe survived that in the past . 
  but the time where europe was by far the strongest and most affluent region in the world has passed . 
  with the rise of china , brasil , nigeria , etc. 
  i dont see europe having a good future without at least some level of political union and cooperation . 
  basically the us or if they dont have proper healthcare yet canada . 
  because i feel like every country not in western europe will get destroyed by outside political influence and bullying as well as inside quarrelling . 
  the us and canada are stable , united countries and with the disappearance of the eu and all eu enforced laws even the most conservative state will have better worker protection and human rights than most european countries . 
  im glad so many people agree we need to federalise !, 
  but dont you see ? 
  that means its not effective so lets make it less powerful so it is less effective so lets make it less powerful so we disband it . 
  which ones ? 
  somewhere where turkey/russia fucking nigeria in 20 years wont be able to bully whomever they want because every village will be independent and protect their sovereignty while refusing to cooperate . 
  if the eu collapses i am leaving for na . 
  we should not . 
  we should help them accommodate to the western world and equal rights . 
  but if they disregard the values of western human rights , equality and separation of state and church then they are not capable of living with us . 
  otherwise they are just subjugating them the same way in europe and even worse they are starting to judge our women the same way as theirs ' . 
  a veil is okay but a full faced one is too much and is barbaric . 
  plus its hard to know which girl is forced and which girl wants to wear it . 
  there are many women who defend it but im sure a vast majority of them do it to not get beaten by their husbands and abandoned by their community . 
  as christians we have also faded out some aspects of our religion , like women not being able to be teachers or holding power over men for example . 
  full faced veils should be banned as well . 
  there no place for that in an equal society . 
  more like mangianiello am i right ? 
  evolve was in regards to creating a better society . 
  from tribes to now , human society has constantly `` evolved '' ( quite literary sometimes , for example , when the bronze age started you either adopted the bronze or got killed , enslaved and your society destroyed ) . 
  so we cant just suddenly stop `` evolving '' because most people like the traditional ways . 
  this is humanity . 
  always improve , become better to enhance your life . 
  the nation should not promote nationalism and patriotism and it is actually pitiful that our state does so aggressively , as if they are afraid our established culture and traditions are going to shift . 
  but that is what culture is . 
  it changes , it adapts and it grows . 
  we are so judgemental of the muslims in the middle-east for standing behind their societary and cultural beliefs even though they are sexist and sometimes barbaric , but when someone tells us to re-evaluate our societary boundaries we go super defensive because `` dont you insult our culture '' and `` we are proud to defend the values our ancestors fought for '' . 
  but this is not the way to improve one 's society . 
  free thinking should always be encouraged and reasonable changes adopted . 
  growing your children with `` loyalty '' gets you hitler youth . 
  another thing wrong with ethnically segregated nation-states is that it creates disdain towards other peoples . 
  it encourages a `` us vs everybody else '' mentality suddenly wars are fought over silly things .
