   i mean this man chose differently , is it not his choice ? 
  i am not familiar with sharia law but maybe it states that he cant have a choice ? 
  if its going to the echr the legal issue must be real , otherwise the problem would have been dealt with on the local level . 
  here is the quote from the article . 
   1920 treaty of s\u00e8vres and the 1923 treaty of lausanne , which provided for islamic customs and islamic religious law to be applied to greek nationals who were muslims . 
  so basically it * is * greek law for greek muslims to adhere to sharia law . 
  the echr is going to decide whether it should be overruled or not . 
  what if his will called for something illegal to be done ? 
  this is the case here , whether or not a law from nearly 100 years ago should be validated or overruled due to overlap with modern greek laws . 
  all because the sisters wanted some . 
  in eastern europe even if you want to consume western content legally you cant . 
  what am i supposed to do , wait half a year for the blue rays to arrive and then be forced to use outdated technology like cds and dvds . 
  not to mention that even if you wanted to you ca n't get half of the content you want . 
  wan na watch rick and morty or got before it became a global obsession ? 
  tough luck but you can get friends all 10 seasons at any supermarket . 
  netflix is cool but it does n't have half the content the uk or the us have . 
  well we do have the most gypsies as % of population . 
  its per capita . 
  also population decline is n't that big as to cause such problems , we still have a much higher unemployment than romania . 
  when we start being unable to fill spots , then it will be a problem . 
  though that would also result in higher wages and more people staying/returning . 
  romania has had very stable unemployment levels as well and has been able to attract more businesses due to the bigger size of their economy coupled with a better legal system which is mainly what is keeping business away in bulgaria . 
  not to mention they have a functioning anti-corruption agency which is just going to propel the shit out of them and their economy because now less people and businesses are going to be worried with paying off that guy then that guy , etc. 
  so for me these are the biggest differences and contributing factors : better business environment further enhanced by better legal system and a functioning anti-corruption agency . 
  yes refugees that after their countries become safe can be deported back . 
  dude those migrants dont know shit about italy and its politics . 
  they have been told by smugglers about this mystical land of germany when you dont have to work and can get the best social services in the world . 
  you think thats comparative to the protests and creating an international crisis over it especially when you remember that one group is already here and is almost a million and the other hasnt arrived yet and is 99 % smaller ? 
  you mean when you save the lives of people drifting in lifeboats in the middle of the sea ? 
  yeah go ahead since they are muslim they dont deserve to be rescued . 
  i didnt specify because its all of it . 
  its always been bullshit but only recently has it become not apparently since this sub is shifting more and more into the far-right spectrum when discussing this issue . 
  a vastly disproportionate amount of the terrorists from the recent attacks in europe have been from morocco or from moroccan heritage just fyi . 
  but yes there is no war there . 
  what blatant ignorance . 
  do you even know what this is about ? 
  you are talking about immigration and immigrants you bellend these are refugees . 
  no v4 like to keep it that way because they are islamophobes . 
  ever heard a pole complaining about the million ukrainian refugees and migrants already in poland ? 
  how about a pole complaining about the 10k muslim ones that have n't arrived yet ? 
  by having the narrowest point between africa and europe which makes it the easiest to patrol than the middle of the mediterranean and by not having a migrant smuggling route towards it . 
  ok but i was not even talking about spain to begin with and now ive been drawn into discussing something i am not familiar with that much . 
  my comment was very general and it was about the general hate for tourists in tourist destinations . 
  maybe read up on the issue before commenting . 
  the refugee relocation plan is in regard to the 120 000 migrants that are already in the eu and were here from the start of the crisis , some even from before isis was a thing . 
  i dont agree with the relocation plan but i unlike the v4 dont think this non-issue should be made into an international crisis . 
  lol what a pile of bullshit this is . 
  but since its in support of the v4 's patriotic fight against the migrants anything is acceptable i guess . 
  what is your mistake ? 
  being a country in the mediterranean ? 
  that was a bad mistake settling down here those millennia ago . 
  those pesky leftists caring about human rights arghh . 
  you know your elected officials are part of those imbeciles right ? 
   ridiculous demands . 
  4k migrants where the eu pays you 60 euros per person every month is ridiculous demands so that italy and greece are not the ones who are made to pick up the whole bill and load . 
  how considerate you are . 
  who the fuck cares about 4 k people . 
  you wont see them , you wont hear from them , you wont pay for them . 
  you are making a big whoop out of nothing . 
  ridiculous demands lol . 
   they also rely more on industry exactly , but that is not the case in the coastal regions , is it ? 
  i am not saying that tourism is the best industry in the world , but when it has already been developed and when it has already become an integral part of the economy of not only the region but also of the whole country , you need to keep working with it , removing it would be disastrous . 
  a gradual state funded shift towards other industries could shift the importance off of tourism especially when coupled with regulations , but that takes time . 
  and with the current high unemployment in spain i do n't think that 's nowhere near a top priority . 
  so you got ta live with it and accept it because due to the reality of your situation , even a really bad tourist season can mean bad news , not to mention removing tourism as a whole . 
  gdp and grp measure size of economy and tourism is a part of that . 
  the coastal communities which are deeply dependent on tourism would collapse if the tourism industry collapses . 
  if the average person from the basque region is richer than the one from catalonia than that just further proves the necessity of the tourism industry in the coastal regions as it is currently a vital part of their economies . 
  well yeah , amsterdam is different . 
  what i said is mainly targeted towards southern europe . 
  we saw how quickly erdogan apologised to putin about the downed fighter after the russians stopped going to turkey for the holidays . 
  the top 4 spanish regions in grp ( gross regional product ) are catalonia , madrid , andalusia , and valencia with the basque region coming in after them . 
  andalusia , the 3rd richest region has more than double the grp that the basque region has . 
  you think that average people will get to afford flats if there was no tourism ? 
  yes there will be a rearrangement where the people who did not participate in the tourist industry would be now able to afford the flats , but what about the people working in the industry ? 
  that is hotels , restaurants , shopping areas , the local suppliers , the farmers , etc. 
  in some places the tourism is literally the only reason a city exist rather than it staying a little town . 
  money is food , money is clothes and a roof over your head . 
  how happy will the people be when they do n't have any of those for the price of no drunk brits during the summer . 
  people from tourist locations always forget that their whole local economy is being driven by tourism . 
  tourists going home means a collapse of at least the local economy and whole cities disappearing . 
  but that is exactly the reason why bulgaria is doing so much infrastructure work ( + plus the european funds for the european highway from turkey to sofia ) . 
  the problem was so big we had a tunnel rebuilt like 3 or 4 times in a couple of years . 
  maybe because there is less corruption there are less people willing to do the work without the incentive of skimming the top ? 
  it was a lexical misunderstanding i was n't sure which term to use as i am talking about the whole situation arising from the trump presidency and not only about this statistic . 
  i think the hate for the us is a bit too sensationalised . 
  not trusting the us more than the chinese because of trump is ridiculous as china is already what trump wants the us to be , a totalitarian hyper-nationalistic oligarchy . 
  the whole trump situation has shown me that we ca n't continue trusting the us the way we have since the end of ww2 but china and russia are much worse international partners when you remember the fanaticism with which they go after their national aspirations and their disregard of international law . 
  at least we can be sure that trump will be gone in 4 if not 8 years , putin has been an autocrat for more than a decade and the communist party will be the leader of china for the foreseeable future . 
  why is romania doing so badly in this regard compared to bulgaria and serbia ? 
  i think romania was the last one and there was an announcement from isis that there will be payback . 
  that was more than a year ago though . 
  tbh i am trying to find the article right now ( which i original saw on / r/europe ) but i have n't been able to and technically nobody can declare war against isis as they are not a recognised sovereign state . 
  i think it is because bulgaria is one of the only countries in the region to not have formally declared war on isis . 
  ill take it . 
  safe to say longer than the track . 
  20 meters longer ? 
  forget that i 'm getting my herbs at the zagreb fair . 
  i am saying that we shouldnt be generalising a whole group of people due to the acts of a dozen individuals . 
  there are different sects of islam that view terrorism differently , there are different regions and countries .
