  actually bulgaria chose to join the axis because they offered macedonia and the allies didnt offer nearly as much . 
  also the axis were kinda invading the country when hitler gave us an ultimatum and we agreed forcefully . 
  # 100yearsofjoiningthewrongside on another note germany at that time had streched to its greatest extent so it didnt have everything on the eastern front ( a vast majority was there though ill give you that ) . 
  but who cares bulgaria was fucked whoever won . 
  aand another note . 
  currently id bet my money on germany vs russia and the odds would probably be 1 to 100 . 
  there is no way russia wins with their outdated ( so outdated it conquered berlin ) equipment . 
  final note . 
  looking at life in the western countries and life in russia where would you rather live in ? 
  i mean its not a coincidence that everybody goes to the usa for summer brigades . 
  i personally had several friends go there who were complete rusophils and they returned rusopobes . 
  so even if the russian military was stronger than all of the west 's combined who cares ? 
  the last thing i care about in my day-to-day life is how we compare militarily to other countries . 
  we need economical growth and happy citizens . 
  i bet he was sent there by the imperialistic american pigs to destroy even further our society . 
  i dare dream of a day ( no matter how much the westernized moral-less bourgeoisie threatens me ) when putin will come and turn this country back on the path to reclaim the glory days of the socialist era !, 
  the only thing i learned from this article is that i dislike gerard depardieu now . 
  gosh that mentality . 
  someone mentions skyscrapers and you immediately have to pull out the `` this is not ` murica `` card . 
  if someone owned that expensive piece of land in the very center of warsaw he would make as much use of it as possible . 
  but that 's not even the point . 
  a skyscraper is extremely expensive that 's why i used it to try and highlight my point of the space being wasted . 
  warsaw is the most expensive city in poland and the site is located in the utmost center of warsaw . 
  there have been many plans in the past to build on the site but complicated ownership of the land cancelled them . 
  bulgaria ( $ 100 million ) holy shit guys we are contributing !, 
  holy shit that building is hideous . 
  you cant build a modern art bullshitty building next to the more classically looking center of culture and science . 
  and this is the most expensive and sought after piece of land in the whole of poland . 
  instead of having a skyscraper built there they will have that monstrosity . 
  if i were you polebros i would definitively protest . 
  many german users have pointed out that the situation isnt even close to being as bad so i rather think you are not being entirely reasonable about this . 
  though i also dont think the refugees should have been relocated but instead i prefer the australian solution of placing them in camps in off-shore locations whilst covering their basic human needs while their immigration/refugee status is being examined . 
  but the reason i am debating you is that i believe the media has completely blown the whole refugee crisis out of proportion . 
  you see countries like poland protest 4000 refugees in the thousands when that number is not even an issue for a country of 40mil . 
  so while i will agree that there are issues and that the relocation plan was not what i would have done i think the situation is not nearly as bad as you try to paint it as . 
  as a bulgarian ive heard more stories of refugee abuse than refugees committing crimes . 
  populists rarely show the reality but rather refer to exploiting the people 's biggest fears . 
  so instead of a country which has a realistic understanding of itself you get a country which is paranoid and is ready to do anything to be as * safe * as it was before . 
  when i was in poland during the election when they elected pis ( i think it was then though i might be mistaken ) i saw adverts saying something like `` poland is in ruins ! '', 
  as far as i understood it , which was obviously bs because poland was and still is blossoming in almost everything and we havent seen a stronger polish state since the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  im not very familiar about what restrictions the eu has placed on them so i cant really comment on any specifics . 
  i am pretty sure that they dont just leave the refugees and go not looking back . 
  if the refugees try to go from lithuania to germany there is a very low chance they will get there undetected especially since the police will be looking for them . 
  plus ever since we closed the balkan route we havent had issues with illegal border crossings ( may still happen but in such low numbers that its not newsworthy ) . 
  you 're one of those people who voted to leave the eu to stop the muslim immigration . 
  you refused to research what the eu is and how it affects your country only relying on what your mates at the pub said after a couple of pints . 
  not to mention you are also one of those people who blame * the liberals * for everything not knowing what liberalism actually is . 
  your average leave voter ladies and gentlemen . 
  freedom of movement just applies to eu citizens . 
  schengen is what you are thinking of and i am sure there are restrictions on the relocated refugees . 
  clinton wouldve been a second obama in almost everything she did . 
  i dont know what or how it happened but suddenly everybody was judging her on every word while they left trump spew bullshit without caring . 
  also how fucking ignorant must you be to think that trump was not part of the establishment . 
  `` but he says what he thinks '' and listening to that endless stream of ignorance and stupidity didnt prove to you that he is a moron who shouldnt even be allowed close to having real political power because he will abuse it to make up for his small dick ? 
  every trump tweet was proof he shouldnt be president . 
  i always try to be optimistic about the future , but this election hit me fucking hard and ive lost some of that hope and optimism . 
  how can the world get better when people dont even want to vote not to mention use a drop of reason to vote . 
  now we live in a world where you need to * trick * the voters to vote for you and sensationalised fear is the best weapon . 
  its because such a decision should not be decided by a referendum . 
  the referendum can only be a yes or no question which completely bastardises the complexity of the decision . 
  and this is where we are now . 
  the voters answered with yes but yes for what ? 
  a hard brexit , a norway type of brexit , something completely different , etc no one knows or can know . 
  so now whatever the government decides can still be against the majority and the democracy that the people defended dutifully will be over-stepped because there arent just two possible outcomes of a brexit, 
  a lot of people just didnt want to be included in the political aspect of the union so id imagine they would be fine with a norway-kind of relationship and there are other groups against hard brexit as well . 
  remembering that just 2 % have to switch sides for the referendum to have failed i imagine there would be enough people of the voters who would prefer a non-brexit rather than a hard one . 
  imo there should be a second referendum on the type of brexit because i dont think the leavers would have won if a hard brexit was made clear as the only outcome . 
  you ( whole mod team ) stopped the flood of appreciation threads that was bound to happen if there wasnt any proper moderation control so thanks  . 
  5-6 months should be long enough for trump to fuck up something . 
  wasnt alive during that time so all i know is what friends and relatives told me and they always said `` member of the party '' meaning the \u0411\u041a\u041f so i assumed it was the only one haha . 
  if we think like that we wont be able to see the one who is not and the country will be shit forever not because it was meant to be but because we made it so . 
  that doesnt make him immune , nor does it prove that cacheva is corrupt . 
  he also went on with bsp so i doubt he will have less to repay than cacheva . 
  it wont work . 
  europe ( or western europe more accurately ) already had most of the values before ww2 and the war just removed the bad ones ( which are unfortunately starting to rise again ) and strengthened the ones about peace and equality . 
  africa has never had anything close to that on a large enough scale to matter . 
  our help there will have no guarantee that they will return thankful to us and we will risk further weakening of the eu influence in the world . 
  this is very troubling . 
  i would say this is a good reason to stop all eu negotiations but at the same time this will completely push serbia and its people towards russia . 
  real tough situation . 
  ill vote for her as well though i dislike both options . 
  i voted for traykov in the first round and was really confused how he was surpassed not only by the united `` patriots '' but by bloody mareshki as well . 
  just to clarify this for westerners , during the communist and socialist regimes the only party there was was the communist one . 
  ( common stuff for communist countries ) it was the only possibility if one wanted to work in politics but it was also very prestigious if you managed to join it . 
  i have a couple of relatives who were part of it and those who werent still speak of how much of a big deal that was during those times . 
  so they vote for a general who has no experience in politics and isnt even a part of the party on whose ticket he is running . 
  im losing more and more of my hope in humanity every time a populist wins . 
  people dont want to think rationally they let themselves be led by the most sensational fear . 
  please mods stop these threads . 
  i know its positive but its a circlejerk nonetheless . 
   your views would n't be changed and nor would mine . 
  i actually consider other people 's arguments if you dont then really there is no point to even comment . 
  what * you * are doing is heckling . 
   seen your previous points and you appear very much in favour of the title ` eu army ' but you have n't really considered everything , if you had you 'd know it 's a highly improbable because creating an eu army is improbable then i havent considered everything and am at fault for being in favour of it ? 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
   nato is perfectly fine at the moment . 
  not planning the future is a dangerous game . 
  you have no guarantee that the us will remain an ally of the eu so how can you justify a whole different economic zone , region and political power relying on another . 
  there are too many examples in history when similar situations have been the end of countries . 
   and how we 'd all be chummy , link arms and moon walk our way to the russian border .
