  still weirded out how the cold war hasnt ended for some people . 
  yeah but her lies are better than his truths . 
  if they both end up doing 10 % of what they campaign for trump is gon na do more damage . 
  what ? 
  he literally said he believes it is a hoax made up by the chinese . 
  he tried to play it off as a joke but still continues calling it a hoax . 
  i am also not saying that clinton is a saint , or anything close to that . 
  but as a neutral observer i can say that she is far better for the job . 
  i think `` which person will create a better future for the us '' or sometimes `` which person will harm the us the least '' and i cant see a category in which trump does better than clinton . 
   hispanic immigration is an issue firstly . 
  never said it wasnt , but its a much smaller issue than it is made out to be . 
   fewer foreign interventions thats not what ive heard from trump  here is the brilliance of trump dont know if i should cry or laugh cause having people say that makes me very worried . 
  plus trump lies as much as clinton if not more . 
  maybe its less lying and more him saying dumb things and then taking them back but he has one of the worst truth-o-meter ratings in politics . 
   this is why i find these remarks that he isnt serious . because the criticism he faces amounts to little more than disdain for how he expresses himself at this point nobody is not taking him seriously . 
  doesnt mean that somehow qualifies him to be a good president . 
  and this is what i was talking about in my original comment . 
  he says bs suddenly when we call him out on it we are obstructing democracy . 
   also banning people from entering until we can review our policy is a good idea . 
  your only objection can be moralistic . 
  and it would be silly because prior to 1964 america didnt allow lots of people to immigrate . 
  muslims were essentially on that list it is not . 
  i do not see any issues with the current system . 
  also a reasonable person says `` we need to make sure our immigration system is working fine '' a xenophobe says `` ban all muslims '' . 
  and i do not think there are many people who would agree that taking social norms back to the 60s is a good idea , a time when racism , discrimination and xenophobia ran rampart . 
  which ones ? 
  building a wall that will cost more than the annual budget of mexico in 10 years to fix a problem which isnt really that big of an issue ? 
  or sending boots on the ground in syria to fight isis ? 
  or banning all muslims ? 
  i. . . but ... fair point . 
  explain why . 
  just because clinton lies and trump doesnt have a filter doesnt mean he will be a better president . 
  in fact its scary that people see that as a sole reason to vote for him forgiving the moronic bs that comes out of him . 
  not when we are talking about content on youtube and the internet . 
  in what universe is trump better than hilary ? 
  we are seeing continuous growth which is stable . 
  look at the us , they are all over the place . 
  it is a game changer because the eu had very slow growth in the past years , now it is growing well . 
  the bbc isnt losing anything by letting you watch , it is losing money trying to block you from watching though . 
  so why not make everything watchable for everybody and end unnecessary censorship which benefits no one . 
  arent politicians who are not very liberal towards immigration disliked though ? 
  arent there some other issues that are a bit ridiculous because of how tolerant and accepting swedes are ? 
  ah , i just cry in the shower and question my existence . 
  oh wait that was because of other stuff . 
  i do have work tomorrow . 
  done . 
  why though ? 
  better infrastructure decreases travel time , and gives many other bonuses to businesses that are affected . 
  there were statistics a while back about how much money a company lost for every hour when their truck was waiting at a border ( was about whether we should remove schengen ) and the losses were quite substantial . 
  i do not know if you remember what happened on the old sofia ring-road especially during peak hours . 
  easily an hour of waiting when crossing half of it going for example east-west . 
  some of the money came from eu funds . 
  the others from bulgarian taxpayers . 
  the eu funds were meant for the ring-road at least the southern section but as i said they do not pay for everything . 
   as far as which are our largest import/export partners , it 's publicly available on nsi 's site . 
  you should have a read . 
  i was wrong about russia but my argument stands for everything else . 
  1 . germany 2 . turkey 3 . italy 4 . romania . 
  i am very certain 99 % of the trade with 2-3 uses trakia , maritsa and struma . 
  and we do twice the trade with turkey that we do with romania . 
  i am willing to agree that gerb 's second government was crap and that gerb is still doing crap . 
  but basically all of the highways and most of the sofia ring road was paid for and arranged by the first gerb government . 
  but they are not communist in any sense of the word . 
  done . 
  why though ? 
  i am a big supporter for funding less-developed regions more . 
  but a ring-road in sofia will bring more return than any other city because it just does more business , more traffic goes through it and therefore requires it the most . 
  the money does come from somewhere . 
  and sofia is without a doubt by far the biggest contributor . 
  as i said above improving infrastructure in sofia first gives a bigger bonus to trade and gdp growth than anywhere else . 
  so for me it is only logical that they are prioritizing sofia the most . 
  plus , yeah , largest demographic , winning sofia is very important but knowing everything else i said , it is very easy to defend prioritizing sofia first even without the populist reasons . 
   import/export from/to romania is much higher than that to/from greece for example and trakia leads to nowhere.but you get the pr effect of `` going to the seaside in 3 hours '' thats is rather incorrect . 
  trading going north mostly ends with romania , there is some trade with russia and poland but 99 % of the russian trade goes through the black sea and through , you guessed it trakia . 
  varna and burgas are very important for trade , not only for tourism , so the trakia highway is very much necessary , i assume i do not have to explain why port cities are very important to trade . 
  plus the turkey highway ( maritsa was it ? ), 
  connects to trakia at about 2/3 of its length , and you even didnt dispute the importance of that trade route . 
  trakia is the most important highway in bulgaria and it will be so for at least the next century . 
   that 's what gerb actually is - incompetent bunch of neocommunists interested in diverting public funds this is just silly . 
  1st gerb are right-leaning but that doesnt matter , they are most certainly not communist not even gon na comment on the neocommunists . 
  and your whole deal has been that the government is not diverting money to the poorer regions like you mentioned in your first sentence now you go and say that the leading party is communist because they do divert funds ? 
  you cant exclude sofia ... it is a major reason our highway network is laid out as it is . 
  also it is much easier to get eu funding for building southern highways as more and more important trade corridors pass through there . 
  there is almost no benefit for the eu to have the ruse sofia highway , but turkey-sofia is very very important . 
  i do not think the government has ridiculously inadequately prioritized . 
  you also have to remember where the money is coming from . 
  sofia is by far the biggest budget contributor . 
  again i do not think the government has been perfect but i think they have done very well considering what the pre-eu governments did which is close to nothing . 
  i believe the veliko turnovo-ruse highway will be paid for by the end of the year . 
  ah so typical , complaining there is no funding to build highways and complain when the government increased the price for the * ridiculously * cheap vignette . 
  i really hate this complain attitude that is so bulgarian . 
  i swear if we do get a proper pm and a proper government we wont realize it because it has just become the status quo to hate on everybody who goes into politics without question . 
  there hasnt been a highway that was more needed than the ones we built in the past 10 years . 
  you are just finding excuses to keep on complaining . 
  the two things are not related at all . 
  i respect the swedes a lot . 
  yes they have gone unreasonably pc in the past 10 or so years but we need to remember that it is coming from a good place . 
  i mean these people are fucking saints . 
  sometimes too good to understand some people are abusing their goodness . 
  but i do not see not being nationalistic as a bad thing .
