  n1 eu mission statement is to go after your culture and religion . 
  imagine your ancestors being as hard headed as you . 
  they would never have approved your current culture and religion . 
  better than being killed by nationalist cause i was born 50meters from where they were born . 
  now imagine those issues multiplied 28 times . 
  i want a good life and a good future . 
  i dont see that happening in a divided europe . 
  us is made up of states , silly . 
  i was comparing eu members to us states . 
  with that logic you might as well give sovereignty to every small town . 
  but also , the eu currently has very limited power . 
  and as part of the economic community you already follow most of the laws the eu has passed without having any power over them . 
  if you joined you would take part in creating and passing such laws . 
  so one can even say that joining the eu would enhance your democracy . 
   would we as a small country get one vote similar to countries much bigger than us ? 
  do n't sound fair but if big countries get more than us then we would be pretty much overrun by their choices . 
  again the decisions the eu makes are barely anything of matter for your average joe . 
  i see it as fair that bulgaria doesnt have as much mps as germany . 
  in fact we get more proportional representation than them . 
  because every country has the same representation in every institution except the parliament . 
  and again i will mention that using this logic you ought to divide norway into 10 countries because otherwise people in smaller population regions get `` ruled '' by regions with bigger populations . 
  democracy aint fair . 
  its just the least flawed form of governance we have come up with . 
  and no i havent heard the joke . 
  i do not how people came up with this undemocratic argument . 
  you directly elect everybody except the commission which is elected by the parliament . 
  maybe the commission should be directly electable , but maybe having the parliament elect them is better as it lets qualified people elect others more on merit rather than better campaigns and electability . 
  what makes the eu undemocratic ? 
  how would you make norway more democratic ? 
  oh yeah , the spine of a successful union is voluntary membership . 
  thats why i have been supporting a two-speed eu for a while now . 
  have countries like the uk and denmark stay only in the economic side of the treaty while we have willing nations move towards a more centralised government . 
   poland would be worst off if united with germany because we would loose all our competitive advantages . 
  instead germany would get less competition and drain all resources and talent from us . 
  do you mean as in lower wages and such ? 
  true that would be a big issue . 
  not in a federal government though , every state decides their minimum wage and other such regulations and laws . 
   germany ca n't even make the big economical difference between their western and eastern parts dissapear and you 're telling me they would be able to do it with poland ? 
  good joke . 
  they did manage to improve them better and faster than poland though . 
  so was it better for gdr to unify with germany or should they have stayed a sovereign state ? 
   anything superstate could prive the eu could just as well and without the negative effects . 
  europeans can cooperate just fine without giving up their own countries . 
  eu would ' t exist otherwise . 
  what does giving up your country mean ? 
  everybody focuses on the cup half full on this issue . 
  instead of thinking we will be letting all of europe decide on some federal laws that we will have to follow think of it as we will cooperate with the other european nations in creating the federal laws for the whole federation . 
  you are not giving up anything you are gaining a lot . 
  and about that , most regional laws will still be carried out by the polish state . 
  nobody has god time for local decisions . 
  we are talking about some general federal laws like unification all trade , market , border , technology , industrial regulations which are nothing but a bureaucratic mess sent from hell currently . 
   and i find it laughable that you want to move to usa . 
  somehow they still are separate country from canada and mexico . 
  so much for not having nationalism . 
  heck , they 're even worse , because they not only never merged with their neightbour countries , but they could n't even create a wide cooperation and support mechanism that europe achieved wit eu . 
  the us can afford to not give a fuck about uniting with canada . 
  they are 3/4ths the eu population , about 3/4 the eu landmass , and * probably * have a bigger industry than the whole eu . 
  they say that germany is too big for europe but yet too small for the world , how does poland compare ? 
  this iss a verrrry tough discussion though , haha . 
  the question of whether the nation-state is effective is quite difficult to answer as well as the reason and effectiveness behind patriotism and nationalism . 
  but i care only about one metric when i think about an issue : which solution and which path will lead to a better future . 
  everything else is a distraction . 
  yeah i can not stress that enough . 
  a federal europe would not mean the creation of one nation or nationality . 
   not really , but neither has an eu existed before . 
  we 're on a new path here . 
  not only that . 
  as humans we have upgraded the way we are governed several time through history . 
  it is time for an upgrade . 
  because of the eu . 
  this is a good example of how unity and cooperation works for the benefit of the member states . 
  we need to go further . 
  we are denying ourselves the benefits of a federal union because we want every village to have sovereignty . 
  mate are you trying to say that the gop supports secessions ? 
  in the us i wont give a damn about how nationalistic people are because the country is already united . 
  patriotism replaces reason with regime loyalty . 
  if you ancestors had any patriotism your country would never have been created . 
  when was poland the strongest ? 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth anybody ? 
  tell me one way in which poland will be worst off if it united with germany ? 
  you would deny yourself a better future because of your loyalty for the current regime . 
  i know i know . 
  but reddit is the biggest source of opinions i can get my hands on . 
  then you would have 28 different interests . 
  28 different everything . 
  regulations , laws , etc. 
  sometimes you cross 5 borders to pass 500km . 
  yes some things are shitty currently , but the us has the ability to change , everything becomes much much harder when every nation has their own country and government . 
  yeah there are some rednecks but no one takes them seriously . 
  the thing that would stop me from , going is the healthcare system . 
  also i really do like europe and all the different cultures and nationalities . 
  but i cant keep seeing those same things stopping us from progressing.people shoudl stop putting sentimental meaning into their nationality and culture . 
  please you are going to tell me people dont just say `` no '' because the status quo requires every nation to have sovereignty and because people cant overcome their nationalistic principles . 
  if i see that europe is working against its best interest in order to keep our peoples separate because `` they are proud to be __ ( insert nationality here ) '' then i will . 
  how many history lessons do we need before we realise that this is not working . 
  well if you value nationalistic principles over a better future . 
  they may be divided on issues but they arent 28 separate governments who refuse to cooperate because of silly reasons . 
  almost nobody is explaining why they are against it . 
  brazil is both 5th in size and population . 
  the comments here make me very sad .
