  `` us '' being the good guys is much more important to us than being historically accurate . 
  the only official plan was made by the commission and it stated that 4k refugees would be sent to poland . 
  i remember it was aslo 3k for romania and 1.6 k + the 800 that were already here for bulgaria . 
  what comes through the mediterranean is also much less than the 1mil that came through when merkel first invited them and the flow that followed before the balkan route was closed . 
  the eu is still trying to catch up with the relocation from the first flow , the mediterranean flow is non-existent in comparison . 
  not really . 
  eu funds like 12 % of poland 's annual budget while the relocation plan has them accepting 4000 refugees . 
  plus the eu gives money per month for each migrant the country houses . 
  why is that bad ? 
  its a food that absolutely everybody loves and is being eaten in almost every country . 
  i dont like it representing my country because it was artificially created to do so by the socialist regime during the 70s . 
  i meant the donald sorry . 
  yeah it was something about me saying that a full ban on muslim immigrants isnt reasonable . 
  i wasnt even being a dick or something i was genuinely ready to hear their perspective on why they thought a full ban was necessary , this was right at the start of when their posts started taking over the front page . 
  nah its not right saying one candidate is crazy ( though i personally believe he is ) . 
  just because its happening doesnt mean its right . 
  well i disagree with you , i think we need to foster a good forum for rational thought that doesnt get stopped by borders . 
  but this is not fostering rational thought . 
  funny but kinda shitty at the same time . 
  i am proudly banned from their subreddit ( r/the _ donald ) but its not right to try to influence voters with such tactics . 
  the actions the eu takes that are outside the normal for a confederacy are very limited compared with how much they focus on the common trade and monetary policy . 
  i disagree , with the lack of a common defence policy one can say that the eu ** is ** basically a confederacy at present . 
  well seeing as the federal eu most people envision is rather a federation * lite * both words can be used almost like synonyms . 
  because slovenia is too small to matter or have the power to stand up to anybody that matters . 
  ( you can replace slovenia with almost any eu member ), 
  yes and i think this needs to be done . 
  the parliament should hold the most power because it is the most transparent and democratic institution of the eu . 
  i would vote for the candidate who best represents my values regardless of where he is from or what language he speaks i dont see how these things are important at all . 
  the only thing that matters is his/her desire for peace , progress and unity . 
  and i agree that the concern is well placed . 
  but this is good news . 
  yes , at 18.9 % the change wont be seen at all but it is still a step closer to when it will be . 
  you can still be concerned and you should be , but you got ta take every victory for what it is or otherwise all the negativity will kill you . 
  of course not , but with unemployment lowering the wages should recover in time as well . 
  this all requires time and drowning in pessimism wont help anybody . 
  what do the numbers mean ? 
  you cant be serious . 
  people like you and op just want to be pissed off about something , evident by getting pissed off at good news such as this one . 
  nobody said spain is doing perfectly fine , what it said is that unemployment is falling . 
  take it as it is , if you wont , go to your local bar to scream pessimistic nonsense where such things are common after a couple of cervezas . 
  always someone like you man . 
  will you ever be happy ? 
  attaboy fight bias with bias !, 
  still better than 10 years ago . 
  any progress is grounds for feeling proud . 
  even more so considering how much progress poland has achieved in the past couple of decades . 
  as long as people keep upvoting them i dont see anything wrong , although i am also a bit tired of this hypothetical game until anything specific about brexit is revealed . 
  well yes , of course , but it is also important to note that all radical nationalists , racists and xenophobes voted for brexit and those groups are much more prone to violence . 
  but honesty we shouldnt sort bad behaviour by voting habits , leaver or remainer the violence , racism , xenophobia doesnt rise from parties but is merely encouraged by them by creating a support group for such people . 
  in order to fix this we need to go to the root of the problem which is the people , not farage or trump . 
  i can see how racism can be applier in meaning to irrational hate towards other ethnic groups . 
  it is . 
  weird you are mentioning it here in a thread about an article which has nothing to do with russia or companies using their products as political tools . 
  i thought you guys thought there was too much russia bashing but im happy to see that there are people like you who bash them in even unrelated threads . 
  this is not very common in ~ ~ bulgaria ~ ~ sofia ( i dont know enough people from outside sofia to be able to say ) . 
  i only know one friend whose parents went to budapest for work but it was within the same company they worked for in bulgaria and just got a promotion . 
  man just shut up with the fear-mongering bs already . 
  do we really need two copies of the exact same article from the same website ? 
  the other post was already on the r/europe front page when this one was posted . 
  ah i get it . 
  the woman is wrong cause she aint a petty nihilist ? 
  i dont understand ? 
  i thought you were supposed to leave ? 
  i dont like you commenting on this subreddit and you are not welcome here . 
  as i understand it only on certain highways . 
  i do not though know if that means you can activate it on roads that the autopilot is not safe to drive on . 
  maybe some moron will try to activate it on some shitty/new/under-reconstruction road with no markings and kill himself . 
  thinking that all opinions are equal is as ridiculous as thinking everything that you disagree with is anti-progress . 
  the question here is what we see progress as . 
  is achieving an equal society part of that progress ? 
  for me sure it is . 
  based on european and french ( libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit ) values it certainly is . 
  therefore wouldnt fighting against equality be fighting against progress ? 
  i dont see why the debate of what progress is is bad . 
   if scotland gets independence before `` brexit '' , then they may be able to stay outside of the euro , schengen and `` ever closer union whats the point of wanting to be in the eu without these ? 
  if scotland wants to be in the eu only for the moneys then i would rather they stay with the uk . 
  instead of the uk who voted to leave ? 
  unless a second referendum is done on the type of brexit ( it wont be ) , only leaving your influence in the eu and still following 100 % of its guidelines wont go over well with many remainers and most leavers . 
  well you know , not all leavers are xenophobes and racists but all the xenophobes and racists voted to leave . 
  its easier to generalise when things are this way , not that op is right but still . 
  because every time someone from outside the uk spoke out about brexit it was criticised and every remain argument was blasted as fearmongering . 
  lol . 
  the beheading traditions were my favourite . 
  i am not condoning genocide and what the europeans did but its not like the indigenous people were moral and ethic gods . 
  plus without the europeans settlers the continent 's technology including medicine would have stayed in the 1400s with small improvements . 
  hence why the eu wants to just open the ascension chapters which are limitless in time . 
  nobody says that you are ready . 
  this is just the next part of the process which apart from showing the eu whether or not you are ready it also pushes your government to try to fulfil the chapters which also makes your country better . 
  montenegro not being ready for joining the eu is no excuse for uk being dicks and slowing a process which will take long anyways , especially on your way out . 
  it wont affect you at all because it will take at least a decade and a half for them to even get close to fulfilling the eu ascension requirements . 
  this is evil and you should know that so you stop trying to twist the critique as `` uk hate circlejerk '', 
  thank you glorious homeland of reason and prosperity for blessing us with your membership . 
  what will we ever do now without you bravely steering us away from our unnatural desire for unity and peace ? 
  what century is this ? 
  it wouldnt be much different than today . 
  just the things that make us weak as 30 would be strengthened by becoming 1 . 
  1 organised efficient army not 30 separate ones , a common foreign policy not 30 different ones some of which hindering the others , and one government that acts as a bridge between all the countries . 
  there is no way there will be common healthcare , education , public transport or police . 
  such an endeavour would be impossible because of the difference between states . 
  plus there is no reason for the federal government to assume such responsibilities when the local governments are more familiar and capable at doing them .
