   for reasons the politicians are unwilling or unable to explain in the first place not that any other modern country can . 
  the difference between say the us and germany is that germans arent as susceptible to nationalistic propaganda since ww2 . 
  if they havent been sanitised all of them will fall within like 20 years . 
  wait wasnt england still a bunch of anglo-saxon kingdoms ? 
  well i would lie if i say i would n't like to see a united human race . 
  but that is so far away its basically sci-fi , such a feat would be impossible in the foreseeable future . 
  i dont think we should join the us in a union , but having them as allies is good enough for now because we closely share some of our most important values like democracy and personal freedoms . 
  and i wouldnt want us to compete vs china or russia in particular but against totalitarianism , disregard of international law and human rights , etc. 
  one of the reasons i want a federal europe so much is that i do not see a future where individual european nations can compete with the developing giants . 
  with how things are progressing by 2050 germany wont be part of g8 . 
  what happens when/if the us becomes a hostile nation ? 
  there is far too much competition from the outside to be hindering each other with inner-european power struggles . 
  yes it is . 
  what the eu does is it binds us . 
  we fall and prosper together . 
  countries have no incentive to try to out-play each other . 
  there is no incentive to abuse fellow-member states in order to come out ahead . 
  there is no point in conquering that mountain for its resources because in an open market and borders it doesnt even matter . 
  no resources are lost in needless inner-european regulations and rules and market wars . 
  but if you desire unity and growth , something that the eu helps prosper why even think about destroying it . 
  surely you cant think that with the division of the eu member states the unity in europe would grow ? 
  and surely you dont think that growth in europe will prosper if suddenly everybody is for themselves and all the old inefficient redundant economic borders went up ? 
  hmm . 
  yeah if the 2.7 m are excluded the uk would comfortably be larger in population . 
  even if we include uk 's 250k ( which i double checked ) it wouldnt matter . 
  good thinking i didnt think about the overseas territories . 
  i could now confidently say that uk has a larger mainland population . 
  barely-adequate bulgaria ? 
  correct me if i am wrong but isnt worldometers just based on predictions based on old rates ? 
  gov.uk for example will be releasing the 2016 figures this june so i think that everybody who is submitting 2016-2017 figures is using 2015 's rates to estimate them until then . 
  also while the uk number seems adequate worldometers is giving france a number for 2017 which is 2 mil less than all my other sources which are for 2015-2016 . 
  are we sure the uk doesnt include their overseas territories as well ? 
  a quick search shows that the uk have about 250k people overseas while france about 600k . 
  so even if we remove france 's overseas territories they would still be more populous than the uk by a million . 
  thats fair but france 's population has had a good 2 mil on the uk the last couple of decades and i havent found a source that states that the uk has overtaken france . 
  the uk has 100k more net migration than france currently if we assume that birth rates are the same ( france 's is actually higher ) it will take the uk anywhere between 15 to 25 years to actually overtake france . 
  sources : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.pop.totl ( also used worldbank for birth rates ) https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/populationestimates https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/fr.html https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/uk.html ( cia had the most recent numbers 2016 , even gov.uk had only 2015 ), 
  its not . 
  [ a eu study ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4085590/population-britain-set-overtake-france-13-years-impact-high-immigration-make-uk-populous-european-country-2050.html ) showed that they will in 13 years and that they will be more populous than germany by 2050 with current rates . 
  couldnt find a source that showed the uk as more populous than france . 
  france also has a very high net migration but has a higher birth rate and starting population . 
  as a small country sitting on the periphery of the continent i think that less unity and cooperation or even staying where we are now will only lead to us and similar countries being thrown into chaos and conflict from the inside by outside forces . 
  what is bulgaria or estonia or ireland to do about say bigger more powerful countries sponsoring parties within us with the sole purpose of weakening us in order to be easier pray . 
  heck it happened in the us to some extent and is now happening in france . 
  the growth cooperation and unity is terrible isnt it . 
  if le pen wins i will for the first time in my life be a pessimist about the future of this continent . 
  first time i agree with le pen . 
  wont anybody help this swamp person ?!, 
  he is obviously having a stroke !, 
  [ here ill use my wallet . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ut8qlwftgwc?t=265 ), 
  oh shit haha , did you happen to be ukrainian ? 
  no offence man , i will never accept crimea as legally russia under the current conditions but it kinda rhymed so i had to go there . 
  i 've no idea why you 've formatted so but the case that ukraine owns crimea seems to have \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0448\u043b\u043e . 
  are you mad cause electing trump pushed you from stupid to mentally challenged and its no longer fair game going after the us ? 
  there were several pisa scores posted some time ago , i am pretty sure this one was one of them . 
  could be mistaken though . 
  these are the worst kind of reposts . 
  the ones that remind me how much we suck on a regular basis . 
  in nato in the eu chooses the country that literally raped and pillaged through us 70 years ago and hasnt been an ally in a war in 140 years . 
  this is enough for you all to understand the bulgarian sociopolitical climate . 
  they are going for the long con . 
  in 30 years when the population has dumbed down they will get elected and you will all pay . 
  le pen can shoot a guy in champs elysees and rise up in the polls . 
  she just needs to grab em by the balls and show em who 's boss . 
  as far as i know ceta and ttip have always been regarded as positive for our two countries by experts . 
  thats true , though i think its more important to work on cooperating better with your allies than focusing on hating your enemies especially in cases where one side is noticeably weaker than the other . 
  although i think its great that the polish people arent choosing to forget the russian threat in the end that will be useless if there is no one to back them up when/if the time comes . 
  they are rational about russia but then do everything they can to annoy and inconvenience the allies they need to battle the russian threat . 
  ah yes ive heard of this holiday . 
  they celebrate it daily in serbia right ? 
  stop with this hatemongering !, 
  so should the sanctions then . 
  and may that be an example of why you shoudlnt work with russia or hope to find any rationality within them . 
  `` aint nobody gon na stop us from selling pigs to austria-hungary ! '', 
  yep , immediately though of it . 
  even though we have the biggest growth we still started very very low and we have a looong way to go . 
  thankfully the minimum wage is being increased as fast as the economy can handle so its just a matter of time before it becomes more sustainable . 
  wow is that andre holding a 2 litre bottle ? 
   sweden is my nation of birth and my people . 
  we are a distinct cultural entity and we want to rules ourselfs and make our own laws and deals with the world . 
  so you agree with your own countrymen on everything ? 
  if you are a city dweller you will be okay to be governed by a rural northerner just because he is swedish ? 
  do you only care about your people and if given the chance would to try to hinder your fellow member countries ? 
  you are ruled by yourselves . 
  the only places where the eu interferes is where your country could benefit from a unified decision and rules . 
  the eu doesnt tell you who to elect or what your taxes should be . 
  even in a federal system nobody would deal with regional governance because theres no time to do so plus the people of the region will always be more qualified . 
  what the eu does currently is that in the most dense region of nationalities and countries you have the ability to make sense of the chaos and turn it into unified progress . 
   the eu is an anti-democratic monstrosity which is built to be ruled by a few bureaucrats with symbolic representation from elected officials . 
  so here it shows that you just dont really understand how the eu works and need to do so . 
  how is the eu less democratic than any country 's government ? 
  you choose your parliamentary representatives , the government you voted for literally represents you in the council and the commission is elected by the officials you elected in the same way some countries elect some of their officials . 
  what is this irrational hate towards bureaucrats ? 
  every country needs bureaucracy to function i cant comprehend what is the problem here , do you want anarchy ? 
  and why do you think they are just a few ? 
  like you have one ~ ~ president ~ ~ oh wait you are a constitutional ** monarchy ** , ah monarchy , so democratic ... anyway and one prime-minister arent you too ruled by a few bureaucrats ? 
  the parliament is made up of hundreds of members , the commission has a member of each country so they are 28 and the council is literally your government , are you saying there is a conspiracy where there are `` a few '' illuminati bureaucrats in a dark room sipping goat 's blood while they think of a way to destroy _____________ ( insert your country here ) ? 
   that is what they said in the uk too until people were actually asked and there was a proper debate out if they want to be ruled by brussels or not . 
  polls is actually asking .
