  even in this case , though , scotland wont be allowed to just re-enter the eu immediately after a scottish independence . 
  it is just impossible . 
  as i said you cant have the agreements and deals made with the uk to be binding for another country which scotland would then be . 
   that is irrelevant - people want independence despite the fact that it may not create a better future . 
  i surely remember what the early 90s were like in estonia . 
  how is it irrelevant ? 
  i think its the most important part . 
  only if the uk were educated enough on what they were voting they would have remained instead of voting for brexit in order to stop muslim immigration . 
  ah but did leaving the soviets bring a better future ? 
  now estonia is ways ahead of russia . 
  and you did have examples of how capitalism was better than socialism so you could definitely make a rational argument for leaving then . 
   if they want to , then why should there be a problem . 
  if they do n't want to , then it 's not our business to stop them . 
  but nobody is stopping them !, 
  ( except maybe spain ) there is a process that every country that wants to become a member needs to follow in order to gain membership . 
  there are guidelines that need to be reached . 
  its the process that makes the eu possible that would slow catalonia or any other nation from joining , not spite or bitterness . 
   which is why not cooperating with their entry is why i consider it a childish reaction . 
  there would be cooperation , but how long would it take for them to land a deal ? 
  how long will spain be childish ? 
  it is uncertain but only one thing is known , and it is that it wont be instantaneous  no - having come from a subjected nation - the problem was not only political repression , but the fact itself that it was n't `` our nation '' . 
  well that is your opinion . 
  i personally , as long as my vote count towards the leadership and the local governance cant be bothered with the symbolism of calling that leader and governance ours . 
  i dont see how that would make me sleep better . 
   yet are outvoted in issues that matter to them internally . 
  reminds me of these russians , who claim there should have been an all-empire/all-union referendum on whether or not estonia should have become independendent or not . 
  every village is outvoted as well as every person . 
  its the flaw of democracy , not everybody can be happy . 
  as long as they have their local governance though , it is fair . 
   have you considered catalonia wants to be treated as an equal among european nations , not as a regional subject of spain ? 
  for me its much more important to identify whether leaving or not would be better for them . 
  what they vote is their business . 
  i just think the question of `` should we '' needs to be raised in stead of silencing it with stuff like `` they have the right to be independent '' , everybody does , it does not mean its the right thing to do , though . 
  to me if you need to force the people to speak a language in order to preserve it then you need to question whether or not it should exist . 
  i cant speak for the middle two points because i dont know enough about them , but if catalonia gains independence and loses eu membership the economic consequences will be overwhelming , destroying lives , businesses and industries . 
   by reacting to the will of the people by throwing them out instead of working towards a working solution . 
  there is no way they can be immediately included in the eu . 
  it would be a new sovereign nation . 
  i dont think you understand the complexity of the eu and of members joining it . 
   they want to organize their society without the spaniards , that 's a reason good enough . 
  if that village or small town has a distinct ethnic group living there , then that 's exactly what we should do if they want it again i am not debating whether or not they should have a referendum . 
  i am debating whether independence would produce the best future . 
   in the eu borders are simply administrative lines , do n't you understand ? 
  but there would be no certainty they would be rejoining the eu and if they do it is a known fact that it would take a long time . 
  just a year with a new border is enough to destroy lives , businesses and industries . 
   for them it is , gosh ... no its not . 
  if it would give them a better future , then it would be necessary , if not it is an unnecessary evil they are bringing on to themselves for emotional reasons . 
   can be said about every colony as well . 
  come on this is a huge difference . 
  did any of the colonies get to vote for their owners ? 
  were they allowed to move and work to their owner 's lands ? 
  there is no inequality for the catalans . 
  they have 1 for 1 the rights that every other spaniard has . 
   on the eu level , they would n't go . 
  for the last time , yes they would . 
  they would * not * be immediately invited to the eu and they should not be . 
   catalonia has more people than my country , are you saying my country should n't be independent because it does n't conform to your ill-defined standards of management ? 
  yes . 
  i think that willing unions are much better than individual nation-states that thrive on division . 
  if tomorrow bulgaria and romania decided to become one country i would be happy . 
  though i do not see it as necessary , a federal union with vast regional governance is more than enough . 
  if a federal union were to be created out of the eu then i do not see any reason why catalonia couldnt be self-governing on the regional level , because then it would not create any political issues . 
   and that portrays that the eu and spain are acting like a children how does that statement in any way prove that eu is acting like children ? 
   why does it mean they are independent ?? 
  it doesnt , it means they are free , true . 
  how is independence going to make life for the catalonia better , though ? 
  with that logic why not give every village and small town sovereignty ? 
  this is just creating another unnecessary border that will just make life harder for everybody , especially for catalonia . 
   to be an independent nation again how is that a necessity ? 
  its a symbolic gesture which will only create trouble . 
  they already belong in an independent country withing an independent union , why go backwards on the unity scale ? 
   and because spain is democratic the catalans and the basque should be stripped from their right of self determination ??? 
  what a horrible world view . . 
  i think a horrible world view is having each 5 person nation having their own country which just creates more and more division for the sake of division . 
  im not really debating whether or not they should have a referendum , but i am saying that becoming independent will be a mistake . 
  they are already a part of spain , their vote matters as much as anybody else 's . 
  the eu has stated that leaving spain would mean they would leave the eu . 
  not to mention the high possibility of spain being spiteful and vetoing their entry for a long time . 
  10 years , i think is a reasonable amount of time . 
  the government has to be formed with the whole administration , new foreign relations with the eu , then the eu needs to make sure that catalonia answers to all requirements for joining , etc. 
  its a long process . 
   to be an independent country , duh not independent , different . 
  they already are independent . 
  nobody is discriminating against them , nobody has enslaved them , they have all the rights , can vote in elections can be elected to represent the people . 
  its not more independence than the uk `` gaining independence '' from leaving the eu . 
  its populist crap . 
   necessity  complexity what necessity ? 
   plus , the same empty argument could be said about every change on the world map . 
  not really . 
  in syria for example i was for the rebels initially before the rebellion was overtaken by the islamist . 
  there the people were fighting for independence from a corrupt and violent dictator who only took care of his own tribe . 
  because its not easy . 
  the eu is a set of highly complicated and intricate treaties signed between a lot of countries . 
  a country cant `` just '' get into the eu . 
  there is a long set processes that need to be undertaken first ( hence why the eu exists in the first place , without it a majority of these treaties would not be introduced in the first place even between sets of countries not to mention between all 28 ( 27 ) members ) . 
  even for catalonia it would take at least 10 years . 
  but at the end of the day why do all of this ? 
  its just needlessly complicating stuff . 
  didnt you have an unofficial vote where people voted against independence ? 
  i dont .
