  are you as willing to have random referendums on every issue or is it just for the causes that benefit your agenda ? 
   no people in europe wants to be part of your federal state . 
  a majority of eu countries are in favour of it . 
  yes i know that from polls this is your moment to call them fake news . 
   people have not been allowed to have a proper informed debate on whether or not they want to be part of the federal europe that is being built . 
  yes they have and are continuously allowed to do so . 
  but i would find it laughable if you think that with all the lies the leave side said and supported brexit was a proper informed debate . 
  it was populists leaning on the basic nationalistic emotions of the voters creating a farce of a campaign . 
  but hey at least they got rid of the muslim immigration from the eu and will now get 350mln pounds a week for the nhs . 
  you know i dont need to do this because your comment is complete bs but i will anyway . 
   yeah why ask people thats what polls are . 
  if support for the eu is going up why create needless referendums ? 
   ruled by eu bureaucrats ? 
  as opposed to being ruled by your own bureaucrats ? 
  oh waits thats already the case because your country is fairly represented in every eu institution . 
  if you have a problem with that then why dont you have a problem with being ruled by people not from your inner country region , or city , or neighbourhood ? 
   they should just shut up and take it like slaves they are hyperbole much ? 
  how is `` the polls show no necessity to have a referendum '' equal to `` they should just shut up and take it like slaves they are '' ? 
  year-month-day and month with roman numerals ? 
  i wouldnt go for a re-foundation unless we are talking about federalisation . 
  imo the problems with the current eu like a weak parliament and a too strong commission and council can be changed without re-foundation , or cant they ? 
  why ? 
  since trump and brexit the polls have only been getting better . 
  i cant believe how unpatriotic poland has become !, 
  the people are so westernised they have forgotten their country !, 
  do you see the flag in the 1980s picture ? 
  no flags today !, 
  for shame . 
  what strawman ive literally just responded to what you have said i havent even put forth any points . 
  yes and thats why the eu was ready to withdraw them if the peace lasted but we saw how that ended . 
  i think the people would be far more sceptical in the future . 
  what ? 
  you say all eu people are pro-russian because i said that supporting the withdrawal of sanctions against russia for the war in ukraine is unreasonable and pro-russian . 
  i disagreed with you that a majority of people from the eu support the withdrawal of sanctions against russia . 
  nearly everybody in europe is not for removing the sanctions against russia . 
  substantial progress in the ~ ~ peace ~ ~ making russia happy , disparaging ukraine and showing the world how little international laws mean and that its totally cool to annex your neighbours process . 
  you are welcome . 
  it was rather confusing and the two words arent interchangeable . 
  at first i was like `` what ? 
  are the ukrainians going to be planting forests in the eu ? 
  well . . it is isnt it ? 
  if its not we only have ourselves to blame , if we fail because the us stops being our ally then we fail because we werent stronger together . 
  if we fail because of brexit then we fail because we let fear and egoism prevail over unity . 
  and if we fail because we elect le pen well then we dont really deserve to have the eu anyway . 
  yeah the eu should have treated greece like little children because they are too retarded to not fuck themselves over . 
  the greeks would have celebrated the eu then . 
  it totally blows my mind that someone can say no to that . 
  romania needs to stop annexing , fighting active wars with and bullying its weaker neighbouring countries . 
  romania is clearly the major european threat . 
  yep , geography now is not very hardcore . 
  it is meant as a first look/introduction to the countries . 
  i love every episode but i also learn a lot , there are many countries which i just havent encountered other than by name so its nice to learn more about them but not so much as to make it uninteresting or burdening . 
  they insult their citizens and their country and poland lashes out against the countries that give them money and support . 
  how is it even possible that le pen is first in the first round . 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  populism-not even once . 
  we need more people to hear this . 
  the status quo for years has been eu-bashing and pessimism . 
  the eu is not a failed project , we are only getting better . 
  bulgaria didnt have southern dobrudja at that point . 
  bulgaria lost it to romania after the second balkan war and gained it in ww2 with the treaty of craiova with adolf hitlers assistance in 1940 which helped push public opinion in the country towards the axis . 
  so much for democracy . 
  i feel the same way about bulgaria and the anti-corruption institution that weve been waiting for forever or the judicial reforms . 
  politicians are flipping us off and theres no one to replace them with . 
  that makes no sense . 
  you can go out and vote for whomever you want in the parliament and then that person will vote for whomever they want in the commission . 
  if you dont want socialists dont vote for them , but you know such is the reality of democracy that you dont always get what you want . 
  the council of the eu is filled by the government you voted for in your own country so you basically have the choice to not vote for `` socialists '' in all of the political and administrative institutions in the eu . 
  well then you have ignorant/un-educated people who dont understand how the eu works or would work in a federal system . 
  i never said i would be okay with a candidate who doesnt know the country , that obviously wouldnt be a qualified candidate not to mention the most qualified . 
  there is also a difference between say local government and the federal government which never deals with issues that would be hindered by them not knowing my country . 
  its not like i have a desire to be governed by other nationalities specifically . 
  in bulgaria we have a 10 % turkish-muslim/bulgarian minority and i wouldnt mind voting for a candidate from it if he/her were the best person for the job . 
  the world can change , 100 years ago it was unacceptable to have women in politics or in leadership roles in the government . 
  when something doesnt work right you fix it . 
  i just think we need to leave behind the nation state system . 
  i am bulgarian more than i feel european but why would that mean that i cant be governed by other nationalities ? 
  i will always vote for the more qualified imo person no matter his/her nationality . 
  yeah but only apart can we try to outsmart each other and become better `` independent '' with the us while yall wither away . 
  fuck it let them in i dont care . 
  i always thought of united europe as a stepping stone for a united world , for me thats the next step humanity needs to take in order to progress to the next level . 
  from tribes to kingdoms to democracies to a united humanity . 
  it was about last year but its possible that i got confused due to dealing with a different currency . 
  come to think about it i always divided it by two when actually one lev is 2.3 lei so maybe im wrong . 
  sounds like `` the dust '' in bulgarian . 
  as a citadel aficionado i think this is the biggest reason why bulgaria was conquered by the ottomans . 
  just look at those towers , the gate house , the walls . 
  its obvious isnt it ? 
  this citadel is of the highest quality . 
  look at how well it has withstood time ? 
  there is no erosion , no fallen barricades , not even one stone out of place . 
  alas such a masterpiece was too expensive to build and maintain . 
  this is literally the only one built , it cost such an extravagant amount that the last king of the united second bulgarian kingdom had to split the country due to becoming bankrupt . 
  even worse , the citadel was built in bulgar city which was a famous crossing point through the balkan mountain . 
  high winds blew the citadel away and it wasnt found till the late 20th century when the socialist regime recovered it and discovered golden tablets in its vaults which told its history and prophesied the reign of a future heaven-born named zhivko todorov who was foretold to bring bulgaria 's third golden age . 
  i feel like the prices in bucharest are higher than in sofia . 
  maybe the countryside is what makes it cheaper ? 
  oh yeah totally forgot about the fucking cold war . 
  shit . 
  but talking about today i still feel like its a combination of dislike of the military that stems from ww2 and germany not being in any obvious threat .
