  is it also due to you guys having a very strong intelligence service ? 
  we are talking about present and future not what it was in the past . 
  we have a multicultural society in bulgaria as well , with a big turkish minority . 
  they are still discriminated against but its not their fault , they are good people . 
  so here the issue is the racism of the native populace , not the muslims . 
  multiculturalism is not impossible to achieve . 
  but people need to understand that some aspects of some cultures are not acceptable for the modern world . 
  women obeying their men in muslim countries is unacceptable and it should not be condoned in the eu even though its part of their `` culture '' . 
  multiculturalism is not just about we accepting their culture , but them accepting ours . 
  if they cant then they are not able to live in a developed country and should go back to theirs . 
  so i dont care if you 're muslim or christian or whatever , if you dont respect the pinnacles of the modern western ideology like human rights , gender and race equality , etc. 
  you cant and shouldnt live in the eu . 
  :d lol . 
  is this satire ? 
  except when speed limits are pushed extremely low to meet the budget . 
  a 6 lane road ? 
  better make it 50km/h to save the children . 
  the issue is that the germans have some bad memories of putting people in camps and forcefully keeping them there . 
   brussels ` has no right to redraw europe 's cultural and religious identity ' obvious try to tickle the nationalistic bone of the hungarians . 
  as if the eu is n't giving asylum to refugees but trying to ruin its identity . 
  very sad orban is trying to influence the people by abusing their xenophobia instead of discussing the real issues of the migrant crisis . 
  for example , saving them doesnt mean we need to let them into our societies . 
  just do it the australian way . 
  put them in refugee camps and keep them there until their country is stable . 
  plus we should not accept people who are not from syria , eritrea or yemen . 
  we do what we must for the good of the eu . 
  i hope we never build it , europe needs to find an alternative , russia is not a reliable partner . 
  it proves that western morality is superior compared to the eastern world . 
  no lichtenstein or luxembourg 's in the east . 
  ( macau and hong kong were protected and run by western countries till the end of the 20th century ), 
   first airplane to be used as bomber during balkan war of 1912 thats actually incorrect , the first aerial bombing occurred during the italo-turkish war in 1911 . 
  bulgaria did produce the first bombs created specifically for aerial bombardment in 1912 though . 
   often been ganged up on by greece and serbia goddamn do i hate our history lessons in school teaching us we were the victim when we basically decided to attack our allies and ended up at war with every neighbour we have . 
  i am living in bucharest currently and the prices are higher than in sofia . 
  if youre romanian its 20 % also , you just have more exceptions that go for 9 % or even 5 % ( social housing ) . 
  nah i was just doing him a favour since he doesnt speak bulgarian lol . 
  but seriously , cheap booze . 
  we pay only 10 % income and 20 % vat tax though , plus goods prices are very low compared to even romania . 
  most people love westerners too . 
  i was working with a belgian who came to bulgaria and helped him a bit with the local government , the officials were saying how they trust him because he is western european and were much nicer to him than the bulgarians . 
  it does kinda haha . 
  come skiing in the winter too !, 
  the cheap alcohol and girls transfer to the ski resorts during the winter . 
  a two-speed eu is always a possibility . 
  good for them . 
  i wish we had people from the eu coming to bulgaria . 
  also if you believe in the eu dream of uniting europe , which is why i want them to stay . 
  `` multiple countries '' - turkey . 
  of course they will want to go to the best and most stable region that is close-by . 
  do n't blame the syrians for leaving a country with no future which is currently in ruins . 
  and yeah , as far as i know isis has not yet conquered europe , so that does stop the nutjob with the ak . 
  the syrians are not at fault , it is our fault we cant stop them , at least humanely , nobody should be harmed in the process . 
  yep , it was a lawless oligarchy . 
  so i cant comprehend how people think we have regressed . 
  fix the corruption with the help of the eu like romania did , create a more efficient bureaucracy especially for business and we 're off . 
  with our economy taking off everything else will be easily fixable . 
  nah more like you train the dog so that when the guy running away from a lunatic waving an ak and jumps in your lawn you can send it over to rip him apart . 
  fuck that guy . 
  i disagree with you , this is just what we as bulgarians like to do . 
  `` everything is going to shit we can never fix anything qq qq qq '' just saying we have regressed in the past 10 years shows how little you rely on facts and how much you rely on public assumptions . 
  life in bulgaria has never been better . 
  we can fix the system , the same way romania did , and in romania things were worse 10 years ago . 
  so dont go around spreading pessimisms because people will believe you and give up , we can do this . 
  not enough potatoes in mousaka ? 
  if they meet the eu 's requirements then why not ? 
  we gain another country to do free trade with , everybody wins . 
  xenophobia is fear of foreigners and outside entities , not the systematic hate towards one ethnic group . 
  no it was the bulgarians . 
  first after liberation ( after the war ended ) and then after reunification/balkan wars there were massive deportations and massacres , it was done in order to create a bulgarian majority and just out of hate . 
  it is okay for us to oppress their culture but when they did it to us during the ottoman rule it is suddenly an outrage ? 
  if having respect for all people and finding them equal is wimpy ass shit then i am proud to be a wimp . 
  i do not condone hatred and continuing the feuds of our ancestors . 
  what i want for me and for my future children is that we create a fair , peaceful and more prosperous future . 
  we dont want to let them learn their language beside ours at school , also they are looked down upon . 
  you can be racist towards ethnicities as well , not only races . 
  you speak about their crimes as if they have done them themselves . 
  and how dare you judge them since bulgarians massacred hundreds of thousands of turks after liberation . 
  if we dont stop hating eachother for stuff that happened 200 years ago how can there ever be peace . 
  as gandhi said an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind . 
  it seems the blakans have a infinite supply of eyes though since there are still people who think like you . 
  we need to find a way to live together . 
  i am sure all of them speak bulgarian , so who the f cares if they speak turkish to themselves . 
  you call the massive deportations and massacres that occurred after liberation not doing anything ? 
  bulgarians were the minority in many many man regions then . 
  sofia was almost entirely turkish . 
  and then during communism when we made them change their names to bulgarian ones , and repressed their culture . 
  nobody cares about that . 
  because they are turks and they did that to us too . 
  no / s. 
  they are a productive minority , unlike the roma , and are discriminated against just because they are turks . 
  racism against turkey is widely accepted and people are not ashamed to say they hate them just cause something something 200-700 years ago . 
  not to mention we go batshit crazy when they dare teach their language side by side ours , while we are proud there are bulgarian schools in ukraine and mfing brasil that teach bulgarian . 
  we have made them lose hope with the government , and have made them segregate into their own communities and with that comes political parties . 
  so do n't / s me . 
  until we accept them they cant shake their ties with turkey . 
  oh no , peace and prosperity , hide before they give you more rights and liberties !, 
  i think its also a bit of us in there too , thinking every politician is part of the money-grabbing group . 
  our president , for example is in my opinion the best one we have ever elected , and people are not realising that . 
  he tries to rally bulgaria with reason and logic instead of nationalism and cheap populist tactics . 
  but people will curse him and spit on his name just because he is a politician without knowing anything about him .
