  thats how you get more hate . 
  you know what , im done with this sort of articles on both sides of the issue . 
  the smallest thing is taken to drive an agenda . 
  why dont we shut the fuck up at least until we learn what kind of deal the uk gets . 
  its because americans view diversity as african americans , italian americans , dutch americans , and we view it as muslims and christians . 
  id prefer a sofia with germans , spaniards , romanians way more than with just bulgarians . 
  but i aint seeing middle eastern people as good neighbours simply because they are not capable of assimilating to our laws and social norms . 
  public support shouldnt be the basis of economic treaties . 
  what the fuck do we know about shit like that . 
  merkel 's actions were admirable from a humanistic and ideological perspective . 
  but not reasonable from a real-world one . 
  from what i understand van der bellen isnt far-left and has a very reasonable immigration policy . 
  lol what bs . 
  im not sure whether id prefer the average nigerian/pakistani rather than the average roma . 
  i dont see how you can say the eu is a failed project . 
  has worked pretty well so far even with its hiccups . 
  was hoping it was the bosnian serbs and bosniaks working together . 
  if we can expect the classical balkans to happen anywhere it would be bosnia . 
  i am sceptical it will survive the next 20 years in its current form . 
  where to ? 
  are you thinking us/australia/canada or something more exotic ? 
  yeah of course but you still need to be able to power the country by other sources because renewables are very unaccountable . 
  you will never get a continuous surge of power as it fluctuates and stops periodically, 
  not before doing their own bombardment of the city . 
  considering the soviets got to berlin first i dont see how the us couldve gotten to warsaw faster than them . 
  you poles and your fear of nuclear energy haha . 
  aye , i think krakow , budapest , bucharest and sofia are the most polluted cities in europe . 
  meh , people were just confused on when the actual brexit would occur . 
  but its pretty annoying having to see 100 threads that the uk is doing as well as before the vote and people using that to drive their leave campaign agendas when even negotiations havent even started yet . 
  people believed that letting the muslims immigrants live the way they did in their birth countries would cause no issues . 
  but it did . 
  im not afraid i just want gender equality and secularism . 
  most certainly is still enough to contribute to the level of uncertainty . 
  hasnt it created economic shock by the pound falling by .2 in a couple of days to the $ ? 
  and all sides have agreed that it has created uncertainty which is only magnified by your government not invoking art 50 . 
  the quote is so vague it is hard to know the extent of damage the treasury proposed would happen in the months after the vote . 
  but even then , i think its rather unreasonable to expect major consequences at least until some details about the deal uk will strike with the eu is revealed . 
  if the uk decided to stay in the eu in a norway kind of way there will be little change . 
  because technically the government doesnt have to abide by the vote . 
  of course but what is crazy is thinking the country would be on fire by now and using the fact that it is not as an argument that the inevitable brexit wont negatively affect the country . 
  literally nothing has happened yet to cause any changes except for people losing faith in the currency which then lost some value . 
  but but 2 months after a non-legally binding referendum . 
  i have seen less rocky mountains than that beach . 
  i feel like a big problem is that if i moved to germany and lived there for 40 years , got citizenship , spoke perfect german , i would still not be german to the people who know i was born and raised in bulgaria . 
  which is something that wont happen in the us , for example . 
  people need to belong to something bigger and if that is denied to them in their new country then they will revert to their birth ones . 
  yeah i agree . 
  i feel like federalisation would push towards a more common form of government rather than the one we have now . 
  whatever happens i think moving towards a federal europe is the best way for us to get to make the most changes . 
  i dont see the difference between the guys in our parliament and the eu parliament where only a part of the mps are bulgarian . 
  ** edit - ** i dont think / u/siprus raised a bad point , in fact it is one of the biggest arguments against federalisation currently so i dont think he deserves the downvotes . 
  if the option of federal europe ever arises we need to make sure that local government is not removed and that federal governance and administrations is chosen for only the matters that would benefit us because they are done on a european level like regulations , some laws , currency , etc. 
  balkan airways , where they serve grenades and ak-47s instead of lunch . 
  you are the ones in the sea . 
  alone . 
  what will play the biggest part is when brexit actually happens depending on the deal they get . 
  what will decide the future of the eu is how much people will want to be involved with the project and the result of the leave will heavily affect the people . 
  who the fuck cares . 
  when it comes to things like these what is important is where the person was raised and educated . 
  the guy died in 1948 but if his places of birth to be proud of are washington and moscow i would guess it was between the end of the war and his death . 
  who cares ? 
   i think deciding what 's should be the normal desire of women is pretty sexist too . 
  i think we all agree that they should be free to dress and live the way they want . 
  however in strict muslim families they are not free to dress the way they want . 
  they are not free to live the life they want . 
  at least until they `` learn '' to want to live the way their husbands and families want them to live . 
   also , if you wanted to abet the issue you 'd treat it at source , not ban it , by banning you 'd simply remove a symbol that bothers you stylistically , but people involved wound have the same mind frame in the addition they will feel ( rightly so ) they are oppressed . 
  how do you deal with the issue ? 
  its not like nothing has been done in western europe to battle extremism , and it is not working . 
  instead we see muslim protests against revealing clothing driven by women who sound like they have stockholm syndrome . 
   and actually you can see that this is the case when it comes to `` burkini '' the ban of the swimsuit that covers the entire body , i think the face if visible so it 's not a `` security '' issue like presumably burka is , it 's just a way to remove something you do n't like . 
  okay but i personally am not really driven by the security argument . 
  for me the burka and burkinis are a much more serious issue as it is a foundation of the radicalisation of european muslims . 
  if some aspects of some cultures do not match with europe 's values of equality , liberty and secularism then they can not be allowed . 
  with burkas it is a very difficult issue . 
  i am sure there are women who want to wear them and those who do not . 
  but those who do not may be forced into wearing them due to family and societary pressure . 
  plus as / u/w4hammer said it is not a religious custom , so who in their right mind would want to wear this , especially in the summer when it becomes a health hazard . 
  it is a sexist tradition forced upon women who can not find the freedom and support to not abide it . 
  turkey is joining germany ? 
  i am also open to the idea . 
  first they just need to cover 99 % of the requirements , deal with the breeches in civil and media freedom and find a solution to the cyprus problem . 
  same as the eu has been saying for years . 
  there is no chance they enter the union in less than a decade just based on all the requirements they need to cover . 
  it rose because the remain campaign was said to have won . 
  you want credibility from whom ? 
  random reddit commenters ? 
  if they knew about the 2 year negotiation period they would not have expected too many changes until then . 
  but the whole country is not under the ocean so all the economists were wrong ye ? 
  amazing , people are upvoting comments like these . 
  what sheer ignorance . 
  the pound fell by .2 ( to the $ ) points that day and is still .14 less than it was a month before the referendum . 
  this is as much as its going to happen till article 50 is enacted and till the actual brexit . 
  there cant be any real consequences yet because all the treaties are still intact . 
  the fall in the pound was just people losing hope in the currency due to expecting future negative changes . 
  many people forgot about the 2 year negotiating period and thus expected harsher consequences earlier . 
  but its been only 2 months and all the changes have been only driven by negative expectations of the future and no real-life reactions . 
  you got ta crawl before you walk . 
  its getting better . 
  emigration is shrinking and birth rates are rising in bulgaria .
