  we need to stick together . 
  you got ta crawl before you walk . 
  constitutions are not timeless ( we dont need bear arms anymore , we got heating and shit ) . 
  `` democracy is flawed in the sense that people get abused and fed lies to by the media and politicians and end up voting on emotional impulses rather than rational thought '' - people who dont see the world in black and white . 
  democracy is a flawed system . 
  its just the least shitty one we have . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  they have been expanding their navy extensively in the recent years which includes the construction of 2 carriers which are their design plus the airplanes for those carries which are also their design . 
  in 20-30 years i see them having a fleet of about 5 carriers plus many other warships ready to protect their ludicrous territorial claims . 
  double the population ? 
  taiwan is less than 25 million people . 
  china is 1.4 billion . 
  taiwan doesnt stand a chance vs the .4 . 
  true , although i am not familiar with their budget situations . 
  bulgaria for example has a steady deficit growth even though we have similar economic growth to most of the former warsaw pact . 
  except the germanic nations for some reason . 
  dont be fooled , this man is racist towards the turks and he would like nothing more than to see the country burn . 
  you shouldnt , but this is just the free market doing its thing . 
  this is one of the issues that brexit brought up that is not fixable until the uk actually leaves . 
  why would anyone hire brits in the eu for a long-term project with brexit knocking on the door ? 
  i expect the uk to not hire eu citizens either . 
  its just an unnecessary risk . 
  i dont agree . 
  i want more centralisation and less power to the individual members . 
  parliament needs to be much more empowered and commission members need to be either individually elected by the people or be chosen by the winning party in the parliament , the way it works in most european countries . 
  the parliament should also be given legislative powers so that it can propose legislature instead of just voting on it . 
  all others institutions then need to be carefully attached to the parliament so that their powers are related to it . 
  military needs to be made with countries choosing to join it or not , joining would be then placing their military into the common military structure and command , this will reduce costs and remove chain of command redundancies . 
  is it me or does it seem like in 99 % of these cases its not syrian refugees who are the radical ones . 
  its always somali or afghani but not syrian . 
  no :d . bulgarian beer is pretty decent but cant compare in variety or taste . 
  yeah yeah . . 
  i know bulgarian beer is much better but i like to taste the inferiors . 
  climate change is what . 
  hey man , i like my bananas and mcdonalds . 
  and coke ( not the columbian one but some people do ) . 
  and french and italian wine . 
  and german beer . 
  interesting chart then . 
  the chart ends in 2008 ... 
  30 years gives you time to find a mistake , which happens more often than you think . 
  death is not reversible . 
  in terms of politics yes . 
  but its not a shit hole in terms of beauty and its historical and cultural heritage . 
  lol . 
  leaving the biggest trading block in human history is not bad , its literally easy money !, 
  and we get to get rid of the eastern euros !, 
  every pro-brexit newspaper = honest to god truth every pro-remain newspaper = scaremongering lies backed by shoddy experts, 
  +2000 years of history in istanbul , other side of the country elects bad guy , suddenly shithole . 
  cant fight that logic . 
  for secularists in turkey , their country is gone . 
  its the islamists ' country now . 
  no because then scotland will be doing it to get back into the eu . 
  eu membership was a big argument during their last referendum and still is in spain and catalonia . 
  maybe i was wrong , i am not 100 % familiar with the current situation . 
  what i care most for is unity . 
  but i can understand the difficulties the past actions present for kosovo . 
  imagine you are a young man from a small town in syria . 
  who do you choose to fight for : * option 1 - isis * option 2 - small numerous radical islamist groups ( rebels ) * option 3 - a tyrannical dictator oh by the way if you choose the smallest evil , the tyrannical dictator , you will never get promoted because youre not from the right tribe or sect and you will fight vs people who if you get captured will torture you or at least execute you . 
  go ahead , choose , fight and win the glory of being the one that has to rebuild the rubble . 
  everybody is against people illegally entering countries . 
  ah yes since its not supporting your opinions its an echo chamber of misinformation . 
  well i think that in order for a person to be considered a refugee he has to be in mortal danger . 
  there isnt a requirement that he needs to be from a un recognized country . 
  but just because they are tribesmen doesnt mean they are savage or * that * uncivilized . 
  also they are both citizens of syria and belong to a tribe . 
  the whole situation is highly complex and i cant pretend i understand even half of it . 
  what i know is that many people have no fault in what is happening . 
  many wanted a democratic state only for their protests to be overtaken by islamists and later isis . 
  many just lived in small towns and didnt have much contact with the outside world . 
  they were born into that clusterfuck within an already established system of division and conflict and fixing it is not necessarily possible . 
  stop suppressing his opinion you evil inner !, 
  you cant think about syria ( or many other countries in the region ) as a standard european-esque nation state . 
  we are talking about a clusterfuck of different tribes , religions , sects , nationalities . 
  if the refugees somehow organised , trained , and armed themselves and won the war , then there would be another civil war between the various factions within them . 
   these people apparently want isis - and some assad - gone , but they are not willing to fight for their country who do they fight with ? 
  assad , small isis-like militants or isis ? 
  some people dont wan na fight over the ruins of a dictatorship . 
   for their sovereignty they are becoming independent from the uk ? 
  how nice of them to call us `` modest '' instead of `` fucking retards '' . 
  i agree . 
  id even go as far as saying that our bulgarian turks are not as strict as the turks themselves nowadays . 
  but are all muslims from the middle east radical ? 
  what if 30 % of them are , is that cause for blocking immigration from there . 
  quite the predicament . 
  well you and i eat pork too when it is forbidden to do so in the bible . 
  and wear mixed material clothing and having women teachers , etc. 
  just because they are secular and have a more modern view of islam like we have on christianity doesnt mean they are not muslim . 
  well i think about 1 % of them are muslim bulgarians too but yeah . 
  my point was that islam is not really the stem of the whole issue since there are many muslim communities who have accommodated to life in the modern world . 
  montenegro sporting the eu flag ? 
  what do people think of the eu over there ? 
  its the eu you see . 
  instead of federalization and producing a unified front against these countries , lets divide more and fight against china * and * ourselves . 
  cue people blaming the eu instead of the members who are against angering china . 
  what do you want , a democratic eu or an eu that disregards its members ? 
  man its a difficult thing . 
  see bulgaria has lots of muslims ( about 10 % of the population ) and they are normal people . 
  something needs to be done with this radicalization but how do you do that without discriminating or abusing the normal muslims . 
  your first point is irrelevant as otherwise we would be seeing terrorist attacks in germany , the netherlands , italy , spain , etc.
