  trust in eu is just trust in ourselves , is n't it ? 
  i am tired of western europeans putting it all on the romanians and bulgarians . 
  those sheep were most probably gypsies who refused to integrate and become proper citizens so they went abroad to cause trouble . 
  germans who to this day remain loyal to some dynasty from centuries ago . 
  no being able to pick what values i believe in rather than inherit them does that . 
  because it makes me feel like less of an individual and more like an ant in a colony . 
  it is just unreasonable to me to be proud of something you didnt contribute to , or because i was born . 
  it is important to note that fillon , melenchon and hamon have endorsed macron over le pen in the second round and i believe this prediction was before the election so maybe macron will get a larger share of it . 
   throughout history the greatest crimes and dangers have come from the greatest concentrations of power , namely empires , large confederations , powerful alliances or unions etc a.k.a the most powerful organisations were able to create the biggest impacts ... 
  i see that as a pro for such organisations not a con . 
  because obviously you wouldnt say that all `` greatest concentrations of power '' till the end of history will adhere to one model , right ? 
  the people within the organisation make it to be what it is and what it does , many crimes and dangers have been done by small players . 
   furthermore , human tribal nature has often been coupled with this to cause one group of humans to use such concentrated power to oppress , assimilate , change or outright cleanse other groups . 
  human tribal nature can be and has been coupled with groups from 10 people to millions . 
   nationalism is a 19th century , liberal ideology deriving precisely from the above historical facts , and aiming at giving the individual peoples of the world the liberty and right to self-govern , in order to avoid both points mentioned above -- the dangerous concentration of power that enables history 's most gruesome crimes , as well as the ability of one human group to dominate many others and impose upon them things , ways , ideologies , traditions or punishments . 
  nationalism was created as a way to unite people against other factions , not just those tyrannical . 
  it has been used a multitude of times by despots for power who have been tyrants and oppressors as well . 
  so in many cases nationalism has caused dangerous concentrations of power against other human groups for the cause of oppression and more power . 
  the 20th century was basically dangerous concentrations of power , powered by nationalism vs other dangerous concentrations of power , again powered by nationalism . 
   o believe an ever increasing political globalisation will not corrupt those who rule or cause massive damage from their excess of power or various experiments , is to be a naive idiot who blindly believes \u201e the people '' are ever in charge , as opposed to small elites , whose power is always better decentralized into smaller units where it can more easily and directly be checked , as opposed to creating untouchable and unaccountable imperial hubs where those in power are as removed from the regions they rule as possible . 
  ( ie , washington , the kremlin , ankara , a federal , centralized eu state , etc. ), 
  so there is a hell of misconceptions in this part . 
  through the whole post you have not put nationalism up to the same tests you have been putting non-nationalist systems and been ignoring everything bad that nationalism has brought to the world . 
  nationalism hasnt created peace , its just reorganised the sides and conflicts and has started new ones with the fanaticism of the religious wars in the dark ages . 
  just because a country is nationalistic doesnt mean it is immune to dictators and despots . 
  in fact it is more prone to them . 
  this is why all the populists of the past 30 years have been completely leaning on the nationalistic beliefs of the populace . 
  nationalism is a great way for a whole nation to be blinded . 
  nazi germany is the perfect example or how about the balkan wars and everything that happened in the balkans since liberation all the way to the yugoslav wars . 
  the expulsions , the massacres , the atrocities on both sides , all of them based on religion and ethnicity in order to create homogeny . 
  cause we are lazy lets just roll into the alternative of never ending war and division . 
  tl ; dr : be irrationally proud of being born in the general geographical location of this tribe . 
   nationalism once seen as something that united oppressed people to fight against the big empires to achieve freedom , now frowned upon so another big empire can be created , what the fuck happened that people now support this ? 
  just because it was once seen as such doesnt mean its what it was . 
  nationalism has been used to oppress and manipulate as much as to unite . 
  its fixing a problem that it itself is creating . 
  its enforcing an us vs them mentality . 
  you are either extremely ignorant or manipulative trying to pass the eu for a british empire/ussr type of organisation . 
  eu membership is voluntary as demonstrated by the uk . 
   especially on the left where a superstate is more popular than on the right from what i 've seen , how can someone who is left-wing support their own country losing independence ? 
  the question here is what do you think a country should be . 
  for me it should not be based on ethnicity or religion . 
  it should be an administrative and governing organisation that has power through the people who want to live in it . 
  i am completely against the notion that every ethnicity should have its own country or that a country should only be made up of one ethnicity . 
  hence i dont see a federal europe as my country losing its independence . 
  i see federal europe as all the peoples on our continent saying fuck you to division and fictional boundaries and uniting towards a better future for humanity . 
  stalin and hitler were for sure autocrats . 
  putin and erdogan are autocrats as well , especially since the referendum . 
  being an autocrat doesnt mean you dont cooperate with anybody , it means having absolute power . 
  for example a dictator is an autocrat and so is a despot . 
  her being elected will destabilise the whole continent regardless of how successful she is . 
  god forbid she is successful , then the eu will fail and countries like hungary and bulgaria will be easy pickings for the big guys . 
  if le pen wins we wont be able to say what the next 20 years will hold . 
  but yes it is basically impossible but i thinks its obvious i was joking . 
  depends on what putin will say , personally i think le pen , putin and erdogan can try to make some agreement between autocrats . 
  sort of a triple alliance if you wish , of factions in the far-right of the political axis . 
  yep , le pen is severely behind macron in the 2nd round with some people hypothesising that le pen 's strong showing in the first round is due to protest voters who are angry with the establishment who will abandon her in the second round . 
  yes because sociopolitically fn and the nsdap are the same thing . 
  actually nationalism is extremely prominent on the internet in bulgaria . 
  i was making a joke because as per usual most of these people are in the rural areas . 
  you hit more of the terms in this one , good job . 
  im just waiting for you to call le pen - joan of arc and for a 5th crusade against the invading muslims . 
  slavic romania for bulgaria which is basically what actual romania is and then slavic greece for macedonia ? 
  if our nationalists knew how to use internet-machines they would be mobilising for war . 
  thats your preference , i personally dont find it unfair even when its towards me . 
  lets not kid ourselves , the upvote/downvote function wouldnt make sense if it was only used for deciding if something is relevant , 99 % of all comments are already relevant there isnt an issue to fix to begin with . 
  do far-righters go to some course that teaches them terms like neo-liberalism or rothschild or libtard or swedistan . 
  you all use the same ten words with the only tactic you have - trying to demonise the opposition because nobody in their right mind would support le pen or trump if they looked at them subjectively . 
  no the opposite . 
  far-right supporters are very active but rarely pass the 30 % mark of the population , even the nazis only got about 30-40 % of the vote in 1933 . 
  therefore the more people vote , the less a far-right vote weighs . 
  you will find the safe space you are looking for at / r/the _ donald . 
  here we are free to downvote if we disagree with you without getting banned . 
  you dont need to eat sweets and drink alcohol , in fact they are bad for you , that was my point . 
  its a comparison to cigarettes i use to say that just because they are bad for you it doesnt mean they should be illegal , because we as humans need to do somethings that are not related to basic survival and reproduction . 
  like climbing mt. 
  everest , or going to the moon , or smoking a cigarette with a glass of wine after youve done it with your so for pleasure and not reproduction . 
  yes but when you start like that what is the line between making cigarettes illegal and making eating an extra macaron or drinking one more glass of wine illegal ? 
  we are human not robots , we indulge ourselves beyond the necessary sometimes . 
  i dont blame them for trying for germany though . 
  in this case imo the fault lies with merkel and the council of europe for the relocation plan . 
  if i were a syrian refugee id definitely go for the welcoming mythical land as described to me by smugglers as germany . 
  i have personally been in favour of the australian solution since the issue started where the refugees and migrants would be put in out-of-eu refugee camps where they could remain till the conflicts in their countries are over . 
  men are those who fight wars , women and children are the victims . 
  there is a higher chance to die fighting than as collateral damage or war crimes . 
  so the men who run are those that a conscripted first - males from 18 to 24 years old . 
  80 % as in from those who came from syria 80 % were legitimate refugees . 
  nobody can come legally to the eu currently without vast amounts of efforts from those countries . 
  yeah but i was asking about your personal opinion . 
  because i personally think that people should have the freedom to decide they want to smoke cigarettes or cannabis , though i also agree with the restrictions . 
  cannabis should be legal , all other drugs must be decriminalised with rehab being free under healthcare . 
  so you want for cigarettes to be banned as well ? 
  for me its a step backwards , a step where europe would again be like japan in the sengoku period . 
  why put union in apostrophes ? 
  the phrasing was confusing and tbh you were wrong on the term as well . 
  arent 80 % , of the migrants from syria , refugees ? 
  or a majority of the ones from afghanistan or iraq ? 
  libya and yemen are also in a total war situation . 
  saying that all of them came as illegal immigrants or that they were simple financial immigrants is factually wrong . 
  plus the vast majority of the migrants that entered the eu have done so under legal circumstances as asylum seekers .
