  in any federal system that is the case . 
  nobody has the time to deal with things that arent of high national importance . 
  plus because of the economic disparity between east and west you wont see things like enforced common minimum wage or tax . 
  biggest thing you would see is an eu army and more well focused political power . 
  the difference between now and then wont be that massive especially for the normal citizen . 
  wow what the fuck timisoara ? 
  oh , so they are going to nationalise it . 
  ~ ~ maybe ~ ~ i dont know what i am talking about . 
  the town was built by bulgarians , it has a bulgarian majority , with your logic you must give it to us . 
  when are you giving us dimitrovgrad then ? 
  exactly , it shows that the eu is able to compromise the way its done many times with countries like the uk and denmark . 
  his comment shows a kind of unconditional hate towards the eu . 
  as in to him it wouldnt matter if the eu was doing very well or very badly , in the end he is going to hate it just because of what it is . 
   the eu is vile because it wants all member states to join the eurozone by 2020 i fail to see the vileness here . 
  a common currency has the opportunity to become much stronger and stabler than 30 separate ones . 
   it 's vile because it has single-handedly destroyed the british fishing industry through disastrous quotas and the allowing of foreign ships to fish in our waters . 
  how is it vile to stop overfishing ? 
  it also means the uk can fish in other countries waters . 
  but i guess some unsustainable jobs are worth more than preserving our ecosystem and at the same time helping fisheries survive in a future where there is actually fish to fish . 
   the eu is elitist because it takes policy advice off the european round table of industrialists . 
  which happens in every country and is a pretty standard thing ? 
   it 's elitist because the former president of the european commission now works for goldman sachs as long as his ties with goldman and sachs didnt influence his work as president then who the fuck cares what he does after his term is over ? 
   it 's elitist because it does n't care about the democratic decisions made by countries , when ireland rejected the lisbon treaty , they made them hold another referendum until they got the answer they wanted . 
  how deep did you have to dig to find that . 
  what actually happened is that then irish prime minister ( whatever his name was ) struck a deal with the eu in changing the treaty about things that included abortion and military if i remember correctly which is what made the people to vote no in the first referendum and change their mind in the second . 
   they are elitist because they do n't give a fair deal to traders and businesses in africa , asia or south america . 
  source needed . 
  with how much the eu gives in foreign aide i am sceptical . 
   the eu 's stranglehold on the wto is partly responsible for the lack of development in those regions . 
  ah , see i thought that was local corruption and warlords . 
  the eu is abhorrent because it wants to build it 's own army . 
  going from a community that traded coal and steel to a political union that wants it 's own tanks and military jets . 
  as opposed to counting on the us to come in and save us till the end of time ? 
  there are smaller states than the uk who dont have the population nor the military industry to defend themselves . 
  fuck it , apart from france , germany , the uk and maybe italy , poland and spain everybody else is basically a militia . 
  those abhorrent bastards trying to protect europe !, 
   when there is a humanitarian crisis the eu does nothing , and watches on as genocide occurs in the balkans , waiting for nato to step in and do the work . 
  literally the perfect double standard that has plagued the eu since the last 5 years or so . 
  they are abhorrent for wanting to create and army and for doing anything that an economic union wouldnt , and they are also abhorrent because they didnt send an army to yugoslavia . 
   supranational . 
  the eu is supranational because it 's a political union where power is given to the eu by the governments of the 28 ( thankfully soon to be 27 ) member states . 
  yep , awesome . 
  unity beats division . 
   political union . 
  the eu is a political union , because of the vile treaty that was maastricht . 
  the british public should have been given a referendum on signing that vile treaty , but we were n't , because major knew we would have rejected it . 
  maastricht changed the ideals of the `` european project '' . 
  from one of trade , commerce and cooperation , to one of politics , bureaucracy and amalgamation . 
  the eu now had a parliament , a judiciary , an executive , a flag , an anthem , all the makings of a sovereign country . 
  ah you have me all proud of the grand achievement for humanity that the eu is . 
  i am so proud of my mates from all over europe that made this possible . 
  even the uk , because non of this would have worked without you . 
  the eu gives me hope that maybe humanity will some day unite and work towards a better common future instead of how to beat each other . 
  theres a voting age for a reason . 
  younger people are much more likely to inherit opinions from their parents rather than arrive at them by themselves . 
  plus at those ages kids rarely care enough about politics to get educated about what they are voting for . 
  not that most adults do but its fair to say that 15 year olds would be much less capable of voting for their interests . 
  young voter turnout was actually very strong . 
   vile elitist globalist abhorrent supranational political union . 
  thats right , put emotion behind that statement because it is only based on shit your drunk uncle says . 
  interesting idea . 
  though i dont think this would work because of how wealth is split throughout countries . 
  for example if we did this in bulgaria the northers , southernmost and other poor regions in bulgaria would lag too far behind the big cities like sofia , plovdiv and varna . 
  maybe this could work for belgium but even germany would have difficulties because of eastern germany . 
  yeah lots of libertarians love us because of it . 
  though i think that there should be a steady increase of the income tax because our institutions are seriously in need of funds . 
  dont get me wrong , this is wonderful . 
  half my friends work for such companies because they offer good wages and have a massive demand for english speakers . 
  this is a massive opportunity to use this momentum into creating a more stable economy . 
  thats good and all but outsourcing comes and goes . 
  we need to use the outsourcing to help us build up our economy in other sectors . 
  i like how you chose not to address what i said in stead choosing to reply with the baseless `` no argument '' comment . 
  when you say unsupported mumbo jumbo you are the one that needs to support it in order for it to become an argument . 
  i am not debating gibberish . 
  this is before the balkan route was closed . 
  no argument is better than the ridiculous bs you just spewed . 
  the us hasnt even turned inwards , in fact it is expanding its military spending in europe . 
  europe having to rely on us troops ** is ** the argument for a european army and a bigger eu . 
  man you clocked it at like 3 ridiculously incorrect statements a sentence . 
  just because australia has awful conditions doesnt mean the eu should also have them . 
  the detention centers stopped the migrants from thinking they would get to australian soil which stopped the mass migration resulting in many lives being saved from drowning . 
  the eu should build such detention centers which fulfil the people 's basic human needs while their asylum applications are examined . 
  you forgot the / s, 
   it 's just as likely , we 've seen recent european wars being regional as well . 
  georgia , yugoslav war , ukraine . 
  yet you are using examples from regions from outside the eu . 
  those are states who are out on their own . 
  a good example for what would happen to the weaker countries if alliances like the eu and nato were dissolved . 
  also i am talking about peace in europe . 
  not peace in the netherlands . 
  just because you want peace doesnt mean you would get it . 
  maybe you got off lucky but its much more unlikely that a war today would stay as regional as they did back then . 
  i wouldnt care to live in the europe that was before the eu . 
  40 governments , armies and nationalities in the thickest gdp region in the world ? 
  i aint staying in this clusterfuck without the eu . 
  only that there were wars then there was the eu and there are no more wars . 
  the eu is the biggest international union ever created how can people think that it had no effect on peace in europe . 
  yeah remember the peaceful 20th and 19th centuries ? 
  hungary literally let the migrants through their borders when merkel said that germany and austria would welcome them and shelter them . 
  after the balkan route was closed the number of migrants crossing illegally was so low it was basically nothing compared to the million or so that were just * let in * .
