  even without looking at the economic and trade incentives from the eu i believe it was worth it because it made the most bloodthirsty continent work together and help each-other for a more prosperous and peaceful future . 
  i ask myself , `` what should be the political end goal for humanity '' and i think that , is a united world . 
  and yeah most of the world isnt ready for that , but europe is and the eu was a good first step . 
  i mean come on , were on a rock floating through space and we quarrel over imaginary borders and non-significant to imaginary differences . 
  so , i do really want the best for all people on our planet , but if england struggles after brexit it would drive the world towards , what i believe is , a better future . 
  depends vs whom . 
  countries like ukraine , belarus , all balkan states , all nordic states , all baltic states but poland , all asian countries except india , china and japan , they cant hold off russia by themselves . 
  unless we band together vs this type of behaviour we will never achieve peace . 
  they were trying to be a better state . 
  the people there werent born with a petrol bottle in their mouths , best they could do was try to create 1/10 of the state you were born into . 
  and then russia just fucking invaded them when the whole protest was basically over . 
  so you would be cool with the 2nd biggest military in the world conquering everything that isnt nato ? 
  you dont see the issues this creates for the current and future stability of the world ? 
  either all states matter and international laws are kept or its anarchy . 
  what deterrence ? 
  the russians dont give a fuck . 
  they captured crimea , sponsored rebels and sent their own troops to fight in eastern ukraine , what jurisdiction does nato have over that ? 
  only thing nato can do is say `` bad boy '' and putin wont give a shit . 
  only the eu had the power to punish them without creating a war threat . 
  sometimes i worry that humanity will just fuck it all up again because of the type of ignorance and stupidity shown here . 
   have you heard of nato so instead of economic sanctions , the answer was ww3 ? 
  how simple , how didnt we think of that . 
  so because bush was a dumbass and did dumb things the states should start leaving ? 
  i told you so ? 
  if trump gets elected as well i will , for the first time in my life , not be optimistic for the future . 
  if you are talking about the tories my understanding is that the party is very divided and factions within it are supporting both sides of the vote . 
  ah yes here come the excuses . 
  if you choose to remain its obviously the government who betrayed the masses . 
  what are your thoughts on nationalism and patriotism and how they affect today 's society and politics ? 
  as climate change worsens the number of pirates decreases = become a pirate to stop global warming . 
  so both sides are sexist ? 
  he mostly said that to show an example of how the brexiters are using deliberately misleading facts and data . 
  or it shows how much people ( like you ) dont know anything about the eu and how it works . 
   a giant , undemocratic , bureaucratic , corrupt , unaccountable , super-national , power structure is appealing to almost any politician . 
  becoming a brussels bureaucrat is the wet dream of anyone power-hungry enough to enter politics . 
  prove to me its undemocratic , corrupt and unaccountable and use examples from history of how willing , giant , super-national unions are a bad idea . 
  and id like you to show me a non-bureaucratic state , cause i can only think of some tribes in africa and the amazon . 
  or there are dumb and smart opinions outside of your safe space and everybody 's opinion should not be regarded as equal . 
  it is important to know how the people feel about it though . 
  a union is only a union if the members want to be a part of it . 
  i disagree with this . 
  public opinion does not equal an executive decision from the top leadership group of the country . 
  if the uk decides to re-enter the union it will be a very big victory for the eu and the united europe dream , the only veto possibility i see is from hungary because their governments is against this narrative , but then again they lack the political power to stand up against the rest of the eu . 
  fuck off romania and turkey , our 2 ~ ~ fishing ~ ~ military top-notch vessels will remain ~ ~ rusting ~ ~ protecting the motherland in plovdiv . 
  as is tradition . 
  its the euro , every win is a victory for europe . 
  ive honestly only encountered ridiculous pc on south park and reddit posts mocking it . 
  i mean even on the internet i havent seen anyone defend violent refugees . 
  i would give the cartoon a pass for it if it wasnt for the islamic flag and them pushing sweden off the ship into the shark , it is an obvious `` white genocide '' argument which is pretty racist . 
  also with the `` diversity '' cannon blasting a hole in the ship . 
  i do not see one argument the cartoon presents that isnt ridiculously biased and imho wrong . 
  laugh because every part of it is ridiculously wrong and cry because some people think its true . 
  it was just stuff like merkel leading the ship and muslims raping and rampaging around it plus the islamic flag on top and the brexit boat floating towards the sunrise that made me think this was meant to satirise how stupid these arguments are . 
  is this meant to satirise anti-eu arguments because its silly as fuck . 
  ill be rooting for the brothers in the north . 
  shame . 
  lgbt rights are so lacking in eastern europe . 
  somehow people think that homosexuals are immoral , i cant begin to understand how they came up with that bs , especially in the communist east where religion was suppressed for at least 40-50 years . 
  i dont agree european colonization fucked up africa . 
  genocide , poverty and slavery were very big parts of their society even before the europeans arrived , if anything the europeans helped them create a modern society and their industry and governing bodies . 
  what some countries did was awful but it wasnt out of the ordinary for the africans , it was just a change of who was doing the killings . 
  say , i remember serbia having some migrant issues . 
  yes . 
  dank memes cant melt our sovereignty . 
  inb4 you leave it as well because of the same reasons . 
  yes but still i do not see how that is the eu 's responsibility and not france 's or the member 's . 
  i mean the eu even has quite a bit of worker 's rights protection and has done work to prevent monopolies . 
  it is even much more social than some countries in the eu like the uk . 
  with laws that ensure you get at least 2 weeks vacation , with completely removing roaming charges with doing probes against big corporations who do not ensure their customer rights laws , etc. 
   because the average greek knew or had any say on the greek goverment 's borrowing ? 
  the european banks had no idea greece was insolvent , but the greek pensioner obviously knew ? 
  well as a bulgarian i know this frustration more than anything . 
  why is the government not fighting corruption , why is it not going through with the judicial reforms , how is the government so dumb not to absorb all eu funds available . 
  but i cant do shit . 
  this is democracy though . 
  you elect people to govern in your name , in this you pass on to them your responsibility . 
  this is the way the current system works . 
  i dont think greece must be punished , but they need to pay for the loans they took , this is not some attempt at a petty revenge , you took x amount of loans you need to return x + interest . 
  otherwise our whole financial and governing systems would collapse . 
  why give loans to a country if when the prime minister is out of office the country will refuse to pay the loans because he was the one that signed the document . 
   is it because of the economy , or something else ? 
  i do n't have the answer , but if somebody has . 
  the economy is doing very well . 
  its because she and austria opened their borders to the migrants and let them into schengen . 
  i get why people would be mad at her but makes no sense to blame the eu for something they had no part in doing . 
  the relocation plan was created after that to deal with all the migrants that were already in europe . 
   s for france , well we like our social heritage and we feel that the eu , as a huge free-market zone how are these things related ? 
  social heritage with an economic free-market zone ? 
  its like asking your minister of finance to deal with the protection of heritage sites . 
  plus the eu is not pushing ttip , they are negotiating it for the economic zone , and recently , after some parts of ttip were leaked there have been many calls from the eu itself to scrap it and both sides ( us and eu ) are currently in a trench war , the eu has made it clear since the beginning that our food and copyright laws are non negotiable . 
  obviously he is disappointed they are so euro-sceptic . 
  i mean it is quite silly , they lied , borrowed beyond their means , fucked up their economy personally and then have the audacity to blame the eu and germany for it . 
  2edgy4me . 
  no ... sigh . 
  what does the merkel drama have to do with the eu . 
  germans are mad at merkel and are smart enough to realise what she did had nothing to do with the eu . 
  and what ? 
  what has the eu done to spain or france ? 
  wow its worse than i thought . 
  ah a non biased serbian arent you .
