  and this shows how * you * have not considered everything and have let your preconceptions run loose without examining the issue reasonably . 
  dont comment if you dont have an argument with which to defend your bs because this comment is rather embarrassing dont you think ? 
  really because you sound just like a religious person saying that there being no evidence that god doesnt exist is an argument to the opposite . 
  but here is the evidence : we are on the same fucking team and that team is the one that respects human rights the most . 
  really cant comprehend the nordics . 
  finland and sweden arent even in nato , poland can take them over in a month . 
  if they are hoping they are too far north that nobody would bother take them over then they are being incredibly selfish . 
  austria as well `` we are so far inland that we will wait for you guys to defend us and die indirectly for us . '', 
  refusal to cooperate , selfishness and trying to out-bid your allies will be the end of this continent . 
  then thats bullshit because theres nothing to back that claim . 
  what evidence is there that an eu army wouldnt be trustworthy ? 
  rather costly proving what was already known with awful decisions . 
  because there are that many people who voted trump . 
  trump wont be able to do too much bullshit but half of the people that voted in the election willingly went and voted for him . 
  this is what is actually frightening . 
   about human rights and social rights , you two-faced oil and gas greedy warmongering pigs . 
  get your tongues ready !, 
  lol i will stop now cause i dont argue with mentally challenged people, 
  you call a fair an equal society licking ass ? 
  if we are licking ass i dont know what you are doing to have one of the worst countries in the world in terms of social and human rights . 
  * as long as the us stops criticising them on whatever they do and let them take whatever they please . 
  yeah cant understand why some people are against saudi arabia and iran as well ? 
  beheading people , annexing other country 's territories , using propaganda to brain wash your citizens , inciting civil war , these things are in no way reasons to not be best buds with them . 
  trump is at 265 electoral votes out of 270 needed to win . 
  clinton needs to win every state left but alaska and those states are leaning trump . 
  dont worry , at least his presidency will show how the alt-right and far-right cant walk the walk and maybe no one will be dumb enough to believe populists who have no idea what they are talking about or what they will do if they win . 
  people like her should just be deported . 
  give them a chance to change if they dont send them back to their shitty theocracies . 
  i am loving it from day one baby ( except the trolls ) . 
  i love me some politics and us politics are always entertaining because of all the clowns . 
  haha oh wait you are serious and people are upvoting you . 
  you monster . 
  im on it . 
  im on it . 
  im on it . 
  the irony of you telling me i dont know how it works . 
  everybody uses the upvote/downvote for agreeing/disagreeing . 
  the different sum is decreasing the amount tenfold . 
  this is not an issue that can or should be solved with a referendum , same with the majority vote . 
  this was a publicity stunt created by a bulgarian late night show which caters to our `` member guys '' ( member when we werent in nato/eu and were independent ? 
  member when a bus ticket cost 1 penny during the socialist regime ? ) . 
  and god save us from compulsory voting and ignorant people who dont want to vote so they randomly choose the name they have heard the most on tv . 
  because having an opinion shouldnt shield you from criticism ? 
  this is what a healthy debate is . 
  any qualification is better than literally none . 
  she is the first woman chair of the national assembly and has had a long political career . 
  she isnt my first choice by far but she at least has something going unlike radev who has no place being president . 
  if you are voting for radev with the expectation that there will be war in the next 5 years i think you are really out of touch with the world . 
  so basically you would be voting ( in the runoff ) for somebody who is absolutely in every sense of the word unqualified for every one of the functions of a president except for the one that he wont even use . 
  even without the pro-russian thing . 
  i dislike the gerb candidate but she is at least a politician and has experience dealing with other politicians . 
  how is radev even qualified to be president ? 
  you know i used to laugh at the us seeing their presidential candidates form . 
  karma has got me good because on the inevitable runoff i will have a very similar choice to make . 
  there is so much bias here . 
  the president of bulgaria has never had to be commander in chief how is that his main function when he will never use it ? 
  why do we need to elect a general who has zero experience in what he will actually do ? 
  him being independent is also a red flag since that means he will have inner-party issues . 
  for me there is no doubt in my mind that i will vote for the gerb candidate over the general if it came to a 2nd tour . 
  thats me right now watching everybody but sofia vote for baba yaga and the soviet general . 
  if this happens within my lifetime i will die happy knowing the continent will survive globalisation . 
  firstly i 've never been surer that a bulgarian politician isnt corrupt . 
  infact i believe one of the reasons he has had political issues during his term is because he is so clean . 
  when he was minister of regional development we had the cleanest competitions for projects , usually before then there would be a fake competition with a fixed result so the government got robbed with bad deals and badly executed projects . 
  he was a very good minister . 
  as president , his biggest role was being head of foreign affairs . 
  now this is much harder to empirically judge but his values fell very close to mine . 
  he believes in peace and prosperity , human and social rights . 
  he is not a populist and said what was right even when he got criticised for it . 
  i truly believe that he did what he did for the good of the country . 
  bulgaria though , has a big massive problem of trusting politicians and for good reasons . 
  people will just hate because thats what acceptable and what you are supposed to do . 
  it has gotten to the point that even if we get a good politician we wont be able to see it and i think that is what happened with rosen plevneliev . 
  the only institution ( apart the central bank and court of course ) that isnt directly electable is the commission and they are elected by the parliament which are elected by the public . 
  i am perfectly fine with that if it wasnt for how powerful the commission is . 
  but at the same time when you vote for a party in your national elections do you get to choose who the pm is and who the ministers are ? 
  not really . 
  so i think the eu is just as democratic as any of the eu member states . 
  man i cant ... i cant tackle all this bs because its literally what i was talking about in my last post about people not knowing what the president 's powers are and what his job is . 
  i hear what you say every day from ignorant people who just want to criticise for the sake of criticising . 
  go read some of his speeches , go read a wiki on what his job is and then form an opinion . 
  a president has basically no power to do anything about fixing bulgaria on its inner issues . 
  the referendum he called for as an executive decision is literally the utmost power he had about it and he used it . 
  just because he is pro-eu doesnt mean he is a eu pawn , especially since we are in the freaking eu , get it ? 
  we are on europe 's side already . 
  he isnt weak , he is just the president of the weakest eu country , he only has the political gravitas that bulgaria 's strategical and political gravitas can offer him . 
  like what ? 
  whoever says that usually has no idea what the president of bulgaria can actually do within the power of his role . 
  my favourite president of my life time and i am really sad to watch him go . 
  russia prices its gas politically so it may even be cheaper for them to buy it from the uk than russia . 
  bulgaria going up due to the end of the summer season . 
  i believe we were down to 7 % at some point during the summer . 
  mp 's are based on constituencies . 
  the same way ukip got 1 seat from 13 % in the last elections the remain side could overcome a 2 % difference . 
  one of the most developed countries with one of the best healthcare systems in the world . 
  maybe thats why romania and bulgaria are different from the other developing countries in the eu . 
  there is a growing minority that prefers to use olive oil and red wine instead of sunflower oil and hard-liquor/beer . 
  i support a ban on energy drinks for kids under 16 but when it comes to sugary drinks they should just create a sugar tax . 
  its the same in bulgaria in regards to both ww2 and what happened during the struggle for liberation from the ottoman empire and what happened after liberation . 
  any mention of bulgarian atrocities and you are an anti-bulgarian .
