  you vote your representative gets elected . 
  are you just sour that sometimes the uk has to do things it doesnt want to ? 
  how is it undermining british democracy ? 
  those 6 nations are not what i would call many . 
  no , my argument is that we need to have a political union . 
  also i dont see a downside to being in the eu . 
  leaving the eu just because you will be `` fine '' does not mean you should leave . 
  isnt abolishing the freedom of movement one of the biggest reasons for the desire to leave ? 
  a couple more only . 
  which is why your argument is terrible . 
  look at all the warring states right now . 
  where are they ? 
  south east asia is in a constant political conflict , africa barely has any functional governments , south america is the only continent ( except australia ) that is doing `` fine '' at this moment but you cant say they are united at all . 
  the usa is doing fine because its massive . 
  canada is doing fine because its next to he usa . 
  australia even though it is doing fine does not have politically strong ties with any of its nearer nations ( excluding little australia/new zealand ) . 
  you dont think leaving the union will just be like flipping a switch and everything will be just as it was before right ? 
  you will be fine but that doesnt mean you wont lose anything . 
  by many do you mean australia , usa and canada ? 
   was there really significant harm to the scottish economy with their referendum there wasnt because they chose to stay . 
  if the uk chooses to leave there will be big financial consequences . 
  but yeah if the people want a referendum let them have one . 
  personally i cant see a reason for the uk to leave . 
  i think slovenia was actually the most industrially developed country in yugoslavia . 
  there was a map i saw on / r/mapporn ( which for the life of me i cant find ) showing gdp per region in the whole of yugoslavia and slovenia was by far the most advanced . 
  before ww1 it was in the industrial center of the austrian empire whilst macedonia was the shit center of the ottoman empire ( with all the other slavs ) . 
  so they sorta had a head start . 
  what they think is that they will suddenly be 10x better than they were home . 
  yes you earn more money but everything costs more as well . 
  and you never feel accepted in your host country . 
  young people need to be educated on the issue instead of them taking advice from the hive-mind . 
  if people want to leave they will leave . 
  why keep them from leaving forcefully anyways ? 
  try to keep them in your country by creating better opportunities , you dont want to create a prison of a country ( what the iron curtain was ) . 
  cheers bud . 
  hey if you need sugar ive got you covered . 
  i think it looks awesome as it is . 
  thank you for taking the time to write this . 
  dont try to put reason into this guy 's mind or try to change reddit 's current political alignment . 
  i am going down with you though , i do not support extremism of any kind . 
  i find it worrying that people do not stop to think about what youre saying . 
  so its either let all the migrants in or iron curtain your country off from the world and let everyone fend for themselves ? 
  such shame people are only able to answer extreme ideas with extreme ideas.how about we try to tackle a bad idea with a rational response . 
  maybe after dozens of these posts people are getting sick of them . 
  finally someone that does n't wonder how bulgaria could be so poor . 
  the relocation plan should go through the parliament . 
  at least let the elected officials of the member states decide what to do when it comes down to such an important issue . 
  of course . 
  gmos are perfectly fine and should be allowed . 
  the eu must ensure that farmers are not abused by corporations like monsanto though . 
  one can be racist towards an ethnicity as well . 
  this issue is not just religious in bulgaria . 
  i was actually defending the bulgarian muslims . 
  i feel like they have been discriminated against heavily in our past and there is still a lot of racism and negativity towards them . 
  so i am sceptical whether this ban was made with a clear conscience . 
  i also feel like a lot of people in the eu and especially reddit are getting confused between the tpp and ttip . 
  i know i was . 
  at some point there was so much negative info on the tpp that when i heard about the ttip i thought it was a deal that stemmed from the tpp . 
  are people just jumping on the `` fuck the ttip '' bandwagon without thinking ? 
  i mean we definitely should be sceptical but we ought to give it a good reasonable thought before simply discarding the deal . 
  i did not know about the tribunals . 
  i thought the regulation negotiations would be headed by the eu institutions that normally deal with these issues internally , such tribunals are not acceptable . 
  do we even know everything about the ttip ? 
  i went to a seminar on it recently and the consensus was that it would be good for the eu as it would boost trade and allow for regulations to become standardized across the eu whilst regulations for meat , censorship and such , would remain as the eu wants them and are non-negotiable . 
  i feel like the people are pushing more against the secrecy of the deal , right ? 
  what if the negotiation process became transparent and then we had a eu-wide referendum on enacting the deal ? 
  i feel like maybe we are not giving the ttip a fair chance . 
  well , maybe turkey will stop its descend towards the dark ages . 
  good news !, 
  i am afraid disdain towards the turkish community must have played a factor in this . 
  even though i support the ban of full-face veils i am very sceptical when it comes to bulgarians and anti-muslim discrimination . 
  this comment shows everythign that is wrong with the public when it comes to politics . 
  blabbing bullshit opinions , created by reading sensationalised titles . 
   they hope for the poorer european countries to take the undesirable refugees like holy shit . 
  have you seen the relocation quotas ? 
  the fuck you talking about ? 
  there are less refugees to be relocated into eastern europe than 1 big refugee camp in germany . 
  4000 in poland , 3000 in romania , 800 in bulgaria , they are sending , what ? 
  0.1 % of all the migrants ? 
  oh noes they are abusing us !, 
  there are 600k roma people in bulgaria but , no lets worry about the 800 `` criminals '' that the evil eu is sending us . 
  this is mostly a political move to make the eastern european `` do '' something and `` contribute '' so that the western european members dont feel cheated . 
  i dont agree with the relocation program but , dude , come on , try to be real . 
  this is also a sensationalised title and article and the people/person who wrote it knew exactly what they were doing . 
  this type of `` journalism '' has created more damage than the whole migrant crisis . 
  these refugees have been in bulgaria long before the relocation program was created . 
  it was entirely our decision to give them asylum . 
  the relocation program calls for another 800 to be moved to bulgaria and then they will pay 6000 euroes per migrant per year ( if i am not mistaken they are already giving us some funds ) . 
  also we are talking about 1600 migrants compared to probably around a million retirees . 
  we are also getting 6000 euros per migrant per year by the eu ( this is if the relocation program goes through ) . 
  and there are only 1600 migrants in bulgaria that have been here for years . 
  but yeah our whole society is in ruins and wont anybody think about the retired people ? 
  does n't matter . 
  your point was that the nato bombings were not moral because allegedly there were no massacres in the kosovo wars which is when the bombings occurred . 
  or if the kosovo war was justified . 
  i dont care to quarrel over this anymore though . 
  yeah , which were during the kosovo war , part of the yugoslav wars . 
  so are you saying that ethnically focused massacres did not happen during the yugoslav wars . 
  i am not saying that nato is the epitome of goodness . 
  but they had good reasons for the bombings .
