  you give us northern dobrudja and are not in balkans anymore . 
  yeah i really just wanted to use your name in a sentence . 
  ^ ^ cant ^ ^ escape ^ ^ balkan, 
  easy bruh , dont turn this into a balkan dick measuring contest . 
  those poor 2 souls in afghanistan though . 
  lol, 
  if you leave we will see . 
  i mean every nation 's goldenage has started when it dissolved into small pieces right ? 
  remember the glorious times when there was no england and the weak saxon kingdoms got destroyed by random viking invasions ? 
  thank god that empire thing ended you guys were like the weakest in the world . 
  yes the example will for sure stop other countries from leaving too . 
  even if the uk will be fine if it leaves the eu it doesnt mean it should . 
  you are not being hurt by being in the eu . 
  you will end up doing it to prove that you can which is the worst reason to do something . 
  i dont see any legislature passed by the eu as a bad thing . 
  ( except net neutrality that had to be sacrificed for no roaming charges ) . the uk is the most capitalistic country in europe and unless you are careful you will end up the same way as the usa where the middle class is disappearing but not in the good directions . 
  dont blame the eu parliament because people dont vote for it . 
  blame the people . 
  see you are saying the eu should be weaker because it is too weak to do anything . 
  ukip are an extreme answer to forced pc in britain . 
  i still see the only reasons for the uk leaving the eu as being nationalism and xenophobia . 
  because eu immigrants are actually strengthening your economy . 
  the first thing the uk will do if they leave the eu ? 
  new human rights act so people can be more easily manipulated by big businesses which is supposed to help your economy . 
  anyway in terms of legislature forced unto britain you will lose more than you will gain . 
  the eu has very strict rules to expanding . 
  i though agree that bulgaria or romania were not on nearly the same level as other countries . 
  but look at poland for example . 
  it is now a massive economy and is growing by at least 5 % every year , that is bloody amazing . 
  and now the uk has another richer country to trade with , everybody wins . 
  the uk will not take over germany in our lifetime unless something massive happens ( like another world war ) , that would require the uk to grow by $ 1.2 trillion without the german economy growing which is 1/3 of your current gdp . 
  the eu has the slowest growing market because it is already one of the most developed regions ( could easily say western europe is the most developed ) in the world . 
  thats why its vital to get new members , because its easy for a country to be guided into following footsteps and do what the other countries have already learned works , but is very hard to grow once you are at the top . 
  i agree that the eu is not perfect but you are in it ( for now ) so why not fix it instead of bailing on it ? 
  we all want a more powerful europe because that would benefit every european country . 
  also most of the issues with the eu stem from it being too politically weak and too slow . 
  how could they do something about the migrant crisis when greece is still bitching about the eu sending border forces . 
  and its hard to coordinate every step with 28 separate parties . 
  thus a centralised and federal government will fix all these issues . 
  whatever the eu imposes on britain through legislation it has done so in the eu parliament where every nation has seats allocated to them depending on their population . 
  the uk has 10 % of the share in seats . 
  in this case it is more diplomatic than your parliament where 13 % of the votes accounted for 1 or was it 2 seats for ukip ( not that i like those racist radicals ) . 
  the anti-competitive practices that the eu has enforced protect your every day joe . 
  if you want to give more power to the most powerful companies in britain then go for it but you wont see any gains from it . 
  but whatever happens it will be more expensive to transport 800 containers of stuff from china than from any european country . 
  and if it wasnt ( which is not true ) it will be only another reason for the eu to run far away from any trade agreements with china . 
  the market share of all big economies in the 1980 has dropped off not just the eu . 
  dont try to spin the truth . 
  the usa 's share has fallen as well because of the rise of china , india , brasil , etc. 
  and i find your first argument very ironic . 
  the usa are united that is why they are so strong . 
  in what way is dissolving the union going to make us stronger . 
  the only way we become as strong and as united as the usa is to create a federal government . 
  imagine if the states dissolved too will california become stronger and more well off economically because it can choose who to make trade agreements with ? 
  and the eu is already searching for outside treaties such as the ttip with the usa . 
  but such a treaty with china would be a disaster to the european businesses and competitiveness . 
  how can you say that economical prospects for straying in the eu are not good ? 
  except for the world crisis in 08 and later years the uk has grown every year financially . 
  most other eu countries have done the same . 
  why fix something that is not broken ? 
  the uk is the second biggest economy in the eu . 
  if they left the eu would be instead of 1 trillion ahead of the usa 1 trillion behind , which is ok . 
  but nevermind that youre not shipping parcels and transport ** does ** cost money ^ duh , the labour cost in china is soo small though ( due to child labour , minimal to no safety/environmental regulations , etc. ), 
  that it actually makes it cheaper than producing in your home countries . 
  at the end of the day though you have no reason to leave the eu . 
  i feel like youre doing it just out of spite to try to relive your glory days and to show in a very pitiful way just like russia that uk stronk . 
  barricading ourselves in our countries and praising ourselves until we started hating everybody around us led to thousands of year of wars and smaller conflicts which climaxed into two world wars and the iron curtain . 
  if you want britain to prosper in today 's world you need to cooperate with europe and the whole world . 
  your island nation wont win in a world of giants so if you wish to hold any political significance in the future your only choice is to remain in the eu . 
  in gdp europe is the largest economy on earth . 
  if it wasnt for significantly poorer states like bulgaria and romania it would easily have a larger gdp per capita too , and with the growth ee has seen in the past 10 years i cant imagine it staying poorer for a significant amount of time . 
  unless countries sign economic treaties there will be tariffs or customs . 
  how dont you have democracy please do explain this to me because for the love of god i cant see how the eu is taking away your democracy . 
  how is the uk going to be more competitive ? 
  the eu is not stopping you from trading with rich countries like iran or russia . 
  in order to want to leave you need to have a viable reason . 
  what is your viable reason because the eu is 1 - not making you less competitive in fact it is allowing you to be more competitive in trading with the eu and should the ttip pass the us , and 2 - less democratic . 
   aside from every country which is not in ruins . 
  like south korea , switzerland , japan , finland , etc. 
  these places still feel like themselves ; not like pathetic facsimiles of what once was tainted by harmful mass immigration and unpatriotic internationalism . 
  wow what a sad and pathetic human you are . 
  go back to the 18th century when this kind of thinking was viable . 
  the eu * is * the richest part of the world . 
  distance does add up or everybody would be producing 100 % of everything in china and other low-labour-cost countries and even if professional services are the heart of the uk economy would you so quickly capsize the rest for nothing ? 
  maybe it wont maybe it will impose tariffs . 
  almost certain other countries will impose tariffs . 
  basically you will be giving away your competitiveness for basically no reason other than some nationalistic principles . 
  yes but globalised or not distance still means $ $ $ . 
  nobody should focus on a single corner of the world . 
  at the same time though if the corner is the richest part of the world and you could get most of everything you need without tariffs a mere 500km from home i dont get why you need to forcefully make your market look elsewhere . 
  okay even if economically they somehow manage to stay at the same level ( which to be honest no proper source believes that will happen ) , how are they going to become better at other things ? 
  who will they trade with ? 
  ex-commonwealth nations all of which are at least half a world away ? 
  what :d . you see your country crumble as it grows and becomes richer and richer ? 
  you see your country crumble from having a proper human rights act and freedom to go/move to spain every summer ( and call home without paying roaming charges ) ? 
  please every country has the `` our glorious homeland is in ruins '' nationalistic publicity bullshit . 
  europe is in the best position it has been in centuries . 
  how is that better ? 
  how are you miserable :d . 
  holy shit , another example that no matter what the eu does it will be in the wrong .
