  the euro to $ has been stable since 2015 . 
  there was the smallest of falls after the referendum which has since mostly recovered . 
  the fall before 2015 was based on the dollar growing stronger , this is why you will see that the pound had the same reaction at the same time . 
  most consequences are far from the end of days , this is not the point . 
  the point is that brexit has so far been a regression , even if small , and it has only been 2 months and no article 50 has been enacted . 
  there is an abundance of sources just on / r/europe from the past couple of months . 
  a few to get you started : http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-36835566 https://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2016/aug/09/pound-falls-uk-trade-figures-brexit-growth-live - update on 9th this month stating many things one of which the continued fall of the pound . 
  the uk government has confirmed that it wont be able to replace all the eu funding . 
  eu funds are still being given to the same institutions as before the referendum . 
  yes . 
  because nothing else has happened but a not-legally binding referendum that the uk government has failed to react to so far . 
  i assume you personally created the eu and enacted it in sweden if you can judge me . 
  you might want to check the pound to dollar conversion rate . 
  the pound had had negative effects since the announcement of the referendum . 
  it rallied during the night of the vote when the remain campaign was expected to win and immediately went down by almost .2 points . 
  it is currently at 1.3 $ per pound from about 1.45 in the weeks before the referendum . 
  there was a small stabilisation about a month ago that just halted the fall which has since then resumed . 
  article 50 hasnt even been enacted yet . 
  still we got the pound falling to a 40 year low and having a very small recovery that did not continue . 
  we have companies planning to leave , research and science funding falling and reports that other eu funds such as those for cornwall and wales wont be reinstated . 
  this is 2 months after the vote . 
  as for the future it depends . 
  the uk needs to decide what it wants to do . 
  if the uk decides to leave the economic union as well then there is no doubt in my mind the economy will falter . 
  you cant just leave the largest economic zone in the world and expect no bad consequences . 
  if the uk chooses to stay in a norway kind of way , we will see them lose their voting rights but be subject to most of the treaties they already had . 
  so comparing 2 months after to 5 years after article 50 and using that to drive your `` nothing is gon na happen '' agenda is laughable at the least . 
  those pesky studies with their experts and facts and whatnot . 
  we are already seeing the negative consequences . 
  every function in the uk not being under flames is not an argument for the opposite . 
  i dont think we will see any drastic changes until at least article 50 has been enacted for about a year . 
  the whole eu ( uk included ) is doing very well with unemployment , even spain has had a good year . 
  nobody is saying that . 
  at least not until the actual brexit . 
  the balkans will balkan . 
  why doesnt everybody quit nato then ? 
  this uncertainty is caused by brexit , it is part of the effect . 
   the values i inherited in birth and during childhood are also the values i strongly believe in . 
  they are not separate entities . 
  this is a very good way for warmongering dictators to make the population forever believe in their values . 
  also how you get countries like russia and germany to hate on a particular type of people . 
   as long as nuclear weapons exist no country can defeat russia without complete nuclear annihilation . 
  we do n't need to defeat russia , we only need to be able to repel them and make the invasion more costly than it is worth , of which we are very capable of . 
  yes your only defence is that nobody would first invade finland until they conquer europe . 
  using the swiss card of we are neutral so you will have to save us from our future demise . 
   eu command structure would be the problem , eu would not commit forces under its command here the same way a sovereign finnish military would . 
  loss of finland would mean very little to eu , but it would mean everything to us , so we should be able to control our own military . 
  i see no reason why the eu wouldnt place forces in finland under threat of invasion . 
  in the way you think of everybody for themselves it wouldnt matter too much for the eu if finland won , but thank god there are many people that care for human life without taking note of their nationality . 
  a fin 's life is just as valuable as a bulgarian 's . 
   as a finn my sense of obligation , allegiance and identity is all tied to my home country . 
  my family members have fought and died for my country 's right to govern our selves , i have sworn an oath to do the same if necessary and i absolutely mean it . 
  i have no such ties to the eu , no history or sense of obligation of any kind whatsoever . 
  so you wont fight for anything that you are not tied to by birth ? 
  what about the european values ? 
  is the life of a random fin more important to you than a random swede ? 
  i do not like to view the world in this way . 
  i defend the values i believe in , not the values i inherited . 
  hence if bulgaria had the next hitler i would not fight for him . 
  nevertheless it is obvious to me that apart from the biggest european states no other countries can survive by themselves . 
  it is in our common interest to band together . 
   the way our own armed forces are setup right now is pretty damn ideal to us . 
  for the last 100 years we have been preparing for the one and only threat from the east , our military is very specialized to conduct operations in our own soil , in our conditions and in our terms . 
  we have a large and capable trained reserve and the highest will to fight for our country in the western world . 
  okay and with all of this you cant defeat russia in a modern war . 
  you are 5 million people , buddy . 
  just moscow and st.petersburg has you beaten by 3 times the people . 
  and men power matters . 
  russia right now has a military of 1/5th your population . 
  turkey has about that much too . 
  even if you were strong enough , why live like this ? 
  encased in your barricades putting up some unnecessary last stand till the end of time . 
  what a horrible way to live . 
   i do n't trust a soldier from another country to have the same will and dedication to fight for this country than i or another finn would . 
  i and other finns would be fighting so that our families and loved ones could continue to live here in safety , some eu soldier would have no such will and incentive to fight here and would rather give up than fight , which would result in my home country 's destruction and even annexation . 
  this doesnt make sense . 
  of course everybody will defend his home to the last breath , but whats the problem with having twice as many men plus the finns defending you ? 
  if you are defeated with twice the forces you would have lost without the eu forces . 
  i really hope we dont get to live in this everybody for themselves world that you envision . 
  i think operationally , foreign policies and interests are the two points you made that actually count for this . 
  and they are very nearly allied for all of us with regards to the military and the union 's defence . 
  a united military would just mean a legally powered eu body that deals with only the biggest issues . 
  so if the union is attacked forces can be mustered and deployed with minimal time waste . 
  i also dont like talking about how complicated it would be because of the fake complications the people will present . 
  is it the best thing to do ? 
  no - dont do it , yes - do it . 
   the eu means nothing to me , so why would i fight and possibly die for an entity that i have no feelings or sense of obligation towards whatsoever ? 
  it is a multi-national agreement that boosts trade , freedoms and is a big part of why the continent has been so peaceful . 
  for the first time ever european countries are cooperating with each-other rather than trying to best each-other , so instead of us weakening due to internal political struggles we are achieving much more than we would have been able to achieve by ourselves . 
  knowing this , how can you say that you dont care about the eu ? 
   lack of european identity so ? 
  we are not trying to build ans empire here , but a federation of willing member states . 
  you will still be finish i will still be bulgarian . 
   every sovereign country should have absolute control of its own armed forces , not the eu . 
  look i wouldnt care about this if europe was still by far the strongest region in the world . 
  but europe has not been weaker compared to the rest of the world since the mongol and islam invasions . 
  we need to stop thinking about the best possible solution that will leave absolutely everyone happy and start thinking of the solution that will work best . 
  a united european army would mean a stronger and efficient military . 
   currently it 's mostly the u.s. that projects force and shapes the world around us , we do after all share very similar western values . 
  aye , but we cant count on the us to always be our daddy .
