  i think asking if people would defend their country many more would say yes . 
  because joining the military in a modern western country these days basically means that the only time you will see action is when you get sent to serve in some 2nd or 3rd world country protecting them or protecting your country 's interests . 
  they know that blindly fighting for their country is not a good thing . 
  i am sure that if they substituted go to war with defend many more people would be up for it . 
  brexit hasnt happened yet . 
  the uk is still in the eu reaping all the benefits from it . 
  they are still in the economic union the same way they were before the vote . 
  what can happen when literally nothing has changed ? 
  all the theories were about what would happen if the uk left the eu not if the uk just voted to leave and then didnt . 
  this is so ridiculous its beginning to be funny . 
  when brexit actually happens they 're gon na be like wondering what happened and blame it on some politicians or something else cause the media said that brexit happened 2 years ago . 
  so what ? 
  i think its because they were trying to show the different latitudes . 
  they didnt show bucharest because bologna is in about the same latitude , they didnt show sofia because of rome and etc. 
  then it should not be allowed to be publicly supported . 
  well depends if they are just providing ideological opposition then its fine , if they are actively condoning violence then its not . 
   the us makes $ 19 trillion per year . 
  they spend $ 600 billion on defense , including equipment , pensions and research etc. 
  you are confusing gdp with budget . 
  gdp is the amount of $ generated from the sale of goods and services in a country for a year . 
  budget is the money the government has to spend on things like infrastructure , welfare , military , etc which is generated from taxes . 
   the us has a budget deficit of $ 500 billion , which is pretty much by design and the us does n't really care because they can print their own money . 
  while developing nations ( like my country ) can afford to run a deficit because it will help them scale up quicker , countries like the us cant especially when it is 500 billion and they have a budget of 4 trillion . 
  there is also interests which adds up and the us is already paying more for it than for science or education or transportation or all of these combined . 
   the debt they have is equal to their gdp . 
  the us has a 1:1 ratio of gdp to debt . 
  guess what the uk has ? 
  1:1 germany ? 
  0.9:1 france ? 
  1:1 greece ? 
  0.17:1 japan is at 230 % of gdp . 
  china has twice as much debt as the united states despite having an economy that 's half the size . 
  just because it happens elsewhere doesnt mean its good . 
  germany has even been having surpluses and paying off their debt . 
  the uk are spending 6 % of their budget on military . 
  there wont be any country in that list which is spending this insane amount of money even % wise into their military . 
  my point is that 1st spending shouldnt be based on gdp but on budget and 2nd if you run a 25 % deficit and are so in debt dont spend so much on military which is a black hole for money which gives you no return on investment when you already have by far the biggest and strongest military in the world . 
  well actually the city was destroyed by the red army as they tried to capture it . 
  it was also one of the last big cities to fall ( the germans surrendered in 1945 ) so the situation wasnt similar to warsaw and its destruction during the german retreat . 
  also the city * was * polish before it was czech then austrian , prussian and then german but it flourished in the late 19th century under the german empire but i think you will have trouble finding connection to its rise past the austrian rule . 
  i though find that what u/b _ l_a_d_y said was of poor taste and choosing and the phrasing makes it seem like it was an attack on poland more than just stating a historic ( is it historic or historical ? ), 
  fact . 
  i believe in free speech but i also think it should be illegal to publicly support parties , organisations and ideologies which call for violence against others . 
  [ what came to mind . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_yrnllkqes&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=9 ), 
  thinking that politicians are fighting against populism only because they want to keep their jobs is an example of why some politicians are actually fighting populism . 
  the current politicians losing their jobs to populist is the least troubling thing that will happened if populists won . 
  nah not really , i was mostly joking , though there are very big price fluctuations looking on mobile.bg which is the biggest used car website in bulgaria the cheapest tesla is 31.5 k euros and the most expensive one is 125.6 k euros for which you could get a pretty decent apartment in the center . 
  bulgaria had about 30 registered at the start of 2016 . 
  multiply by 6 to cover population and add say 50 % due to better economy and bigger market which produces more 1 % ters and you get 270 . 
  that would be my guess . 
  there are on ; y 30 or so in the whole of bulgaria though . 
  still i would support charging stations to encourage people to purchase more . 
  and with the new factory tesla are building in europe maybe you could purchase one and not have to choose between the car and a penthouse in the centre of sofia . 
  now show as a % of budget . 
  3.6 % for the us is 1/3 of their budget while they run a massive deficit in order to cover it and the debt they have from years of spending 1/3 of their budget on military . 
  by `` strong men '' they dont mean men who can make your country better but men that will cover every macho 's insecurities and go to war already . 
  so not only is it a symbol for peace it has literally never been used for war . 
  pretty cool . 
  yeah now they are just raped by their repressive government . 
  man i really think we should have restrictions for countries like china for example whose government controls all business and can close the stocks if they dont go the way they want to . 
  i mean is there any doubt that russia is using gazprom for their political games ? 
  i think europe needs to unite to survive , yes that would make it the world 's superpower but that for me is so much less important than not being picked out one by one from the outside and becoming smaller parts of another faction 's influence . 
  in china the results correlated with the list of people sent to labour camps that month . 
  there is natural growth , its just 5 times less than net immigration . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.dnevnik.bg/bulgaria/2017/01/13/2899441_rumen_radev_pozitivno_e_che_donald_trump_ne_e_rob_na/?p=0#addcomment ), 
  his latest interview with dnevnik which i posted states otherwise . 
  i think his political inexperience is going to drive him further into bsp . 
  its just humans doing dumb human shit that is not meant to disrespect anybody . 
  your point is that if the eu doesnt do anything it can to please the uk 's utmost desires it will prove they are `` belligerent little cunts '' . 
  the eu had an obligation to look after the interests of the uk while you were still in it , not anymore . 
  you are just the innocent victim in all of this arent you ? 
  what is this ? 
  the middle ages ? 
  aww shiet this guy just owned sweden so hard . 
  such an original comment could have been created only by the most rational and intelligent person . 
   wait a minute . 
  bulgaria , last time i checked , is a sovereign country and the sovereign is the bulgarian people , or so our constitution says . 
  ok rather irrelevant but good job stating a fact . 
   there 's no mention of an ambiguous `` the west '' or `` russia '' in there . 
  ooookay ...  do your concerns regarding radev 's presidency take into account bulgaria 's interests at all ? 
  my whole comment is about bulgaria 's interests ? 
  maybe you do not believe that the world outside bulgaria exists , or you are under the impression that bulgaria is a world power that can play its own games ? 
  or did you forget that as president most of what radev will do has to do with foreign policy ? 
  how crazy of me to discuss our head of foreign affairs ' objectives with foreign countries . 
  man sorry but this is such a bs question . 
  yeah you are right . 
  so true . 
  and stepping down from the government was akin to a toddler throwing a tantrum . 
  i will laugh my ass off if they join a customs union with turkey . 
  of course i will but you know this article is part of what already is developing my opinion and expectations for his term . 
  but i find what he is saying about crimea and the energy sector especially troubling . 
  he says we shouldnt make economy about politics in regards to buying gas and possibly building the new nuclear reactor with them when russia is charging countries [ very politically ] ( https://gdb.rferl.org/3dfd9930-33d5-4420-8805-7d9a0c7ae6ed_cx0_cy25_cw0_mw1024_mh1024_s.png ) . 
  the price is basically determined by political strength times recent relations with russia . 
  so the uk which is farthest from russia pays 2 times less than us or ukraine when we are much closer . 
  so you have to ask yourself what will be the price for cheaper gas ? 
  because i am sure that it will require tying political ties for it and i am not happy about that . 
  no we actually have to purchase it , most of it from russia who charge us much more then they charge the uk , germany or almost anybody else because we are a small weak nation and they can abuse us because they are bullies . 
  several of my friends said they voted for him because they didnt want to see the other candidate every year on new years because she is rather ugly .
