  the civil war stopped being a rebellion less than 6 months into it . 
  it was completely taken over by islamist . 
  assad should still be kicked out because thats what the people want . 
  but fuck the muslim fanatics + isis and i wish good luck to russia . 
  when 90 % of the nation is completely mind-fucked by putins propaganda machine you can say you dislike russians without being racist , i.e you hate them because you know what they stand for and what their beliefs are , not just because they are russian . 
   ts a farce and we are the clows that have to do what others decide but that is the way democracy works . 
  its the same thing when scotland wanted independence because they werent well represented . 
  well duh scotland is 10million people the rest of the union is 56 , mostly english . 
  you can never have 100 % of what you want and you never will . 
  bulgaria has had our toll to pay with denying the russians the south stream , the baltic countries payed their toll ( still are ) when russia counter-sanctioned them . 
  but we do what we must for the good of the union . 
  because a stronger union = a stronger bulgaria , portugal , etc. 
   because of the army ? 
  yes the army is a big thing . 
  but also because you described an efficient union which is not what we have today . 
  i dont agree with you that the eu is sprouting shitty laws and legislation . 
  care to mention some examples ? 
  this is a point i dont understand . 
  you let in so many people from outside of the eu and yet you blame the hardworking tax-paying europeans for everything . 
  and you have almost as many brits living in europe taking advantage of the freedom of movement as you have europeans living in the uk . 
  if you want to fix your problems with immigration stop letting in people from outside the eu . 
  its not european muslims who are trying to enforce sharia law and who stab people in the outskirts of london . 
  and merkel would rather see the uk leave because of their total refusal to cooperate . 
  the eu is not ruled by two powers ? 
  if you mean that some countries have more representatives in the parliament than others then i cant agree with you . 
  the seats in the parliament are proportionally distributed based on the country 's population . 
  it wouldnt make sense to have as many portuguese as germans when they have 8 times more people . 
   even a simpler union , with nothing more than trade agreements , common military and a small elected political body to decide on matters of common interest would be better than this bureaucratic circus . 
  but thats an even more powerful union than there is today . 
  and i agree with you , we need to remove the stupid bureaucracy and create a european army . 
  we already have an elected political body which albeit must be more responsive and effective . 
  i mean thats what i was saying . 
  we dont need to scrap the whole union and create another one . 
  we just need to fix it , make it better . 
  but its hard to do so as many countries are making it hard to do anything ( looking at you uk ) by refusing to cooperate . 
  but even now there are many things thats the eu does that are awesome . 
  like removing roaming charges , the schengen agreement as you said , the euro ( remember how shitty it was going on a euro trip before the euro ? 
  you lost half your money to the exchange bureaus . ), 
  even though we are mismanaging it as well ( again fix it dont scrap it ) and so on . 
  for remaining a political and military power . 
  your guy churchill had some nice thoughts on that , maybe you should check them out . 
  on another note do you think england would be stronger and more prosperous if scotland , wales and north ireland left the union ? 
  your ancestors knew unity was necessary why leave over some minuscule issues in the grand scheme of things that can be fixed . 
  and what sort of union will be better ? 
  not good at all . 
  a european union is necessary . 
  its no secret that it is broken . 
  but what we need to do is fix it not bail out . 
  existed for less than 200 years over 1000 years ago ? 
  believe me they are not those people . 
  just by naming the country after an ancient tribe doesnt mean its the same nation . 
  belgium for example is a completely made up nation which has nothing to do with the belgae who lived there thousands of years before the creation of the country . 
  kinda the same for bulgaria . 
  its taboo to say this but i think we are more genetically turkish and slavic than related to the bulgarians who were an asiatic nomadic tribe . 
  you poor devils . 
  you lay there surrounded by hostile countries whilst russia and their made-up puppet nations nibble at your territory . 
  good news for austria then . 
  yes it does , thanks for the monies please come again !, 
  :d seriously now , from a cultural point of view it doesnt count but hey its cool to party your ass off and sunny beach is a good place for that . 
  nobody really talks about ww2 . 
  the most i hear is that `` at least we saved our jews '' . 
  nobody ever talks about the disgusting war crimes we committed in serbia and greece to their jews and populace . 
  awful stuff . 
  we even had a concentration camp . 
  moldova should become part of romania in the near future so we wont count her . 
  the difference between bucharest and the countryside and sofia and the countryside is staggering . 
  rural regions in both countries are very undeveloped . 
  balkan league represent !, 
  27 million population-47th , 350 000 km2 - 64th in the world . 
  bucharest will probably be the capital because you have a lot of space in that palace of yours and is more central . 
  you son of a bitch . 
  but seriously that lead is going to skyrocket now that you actually started fighting corruption . 
  whenever you are listing values the number should escalate with the value . 
  when i first looked at the maps i thought it made sense but then got utterly confused by the numbers . 
  more red - worse makes sense . 
  but 1 being worse than 4 makes no sense . 
  badly made map then . 
  this is a joke right ? 
  there is a war in ukraine and its a 2 when the vastly more developed poland is at 4 . 
  i dont wan na get in on the whole balkan thing but serbia was never `` much '' more developed in bulgaria . 
  its impossible to measure actually since , you know yugoslavia and all . 
  but cool fact serbia 's gdp in 2000 was 5-8 % higher than bulgaria 's in the 1980s and in 2000 bulgaria 's gdp was almost 40 % higher than serbia 's soo dont really know what youre talking about my hateful serbian friend . 
  in this situation we cant fight fire with fire . 
  that is what the islamists want . 
  make the populace scared so that countries cut of more and more liberties until our society is as suppressed as they are . 
  we pay [ extremely ] ( http://dailyinfographics.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/2.png ) low taxes compared to them though . 
  10 % income tax against 46 % . 
  even after taxes they have almost twice as much as us but the difference is not that great when you include vat 's ( where properly administered ) and price of goods . 
  another source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_of_europe * edit : holy income tax serbia and romania 0_0 . 
  do goods cost less in serbia and romania than in bulgaria ? 
  aaand then we joined the wrong side again . 
  damn , way to go serbia . 
  do note that the locations seen in this video are all chosen carefully as they were one of the few well maintained and managed areas in the country . 
  take for example north korea and their videos ( or the videos that tourists bring ) . 
  the whole country is in famine but some areas are kept clean and tidy to symbolize the greatness of the communist party . 
  nobody in the eu wants to give romania money too . 
  but they know that a stronger romania = stronger eu . 
  dont just think of the short-term effects , 
  and that is what the european parliament is . 
  i dont see it not working well .
