  its the threat they see in russia , they do have a common border with them + the people are very anti-russian so its easy to convince them to spend more money on the military . 
  poland actually has one of the strongest militaries in the world and is even being ranked higher than germany in some rankings . 
  thats like 17 % of bulgaria 's annual budget . 
  youre italian its in your blood . 
  * reasonable argument * eu sux lolo ! 1 which one did you pick ? 
  yeah we are still fighting for the judicial reforms and hopefully the eu will continue pushing us and pressure the current government since the people are apparently not enough . 
  about electronic voting i was on the fence for a long time . 
  but then i thought that there was anyways a lot of voter fraud in the smaller villages that is hard to be proven . 
  what we have from electronic voting is that we will know someone breeched the system . 
  i think an electronic voting system works great for smaller population countries like estonia or bulgaria . 
  man i constantly wonder how we are always so pessimistic . 
  our government works pretty well knowing how little they have . 
  we have the lowest taxes of any eu member . 
  we have more km of highway than romania which has 3 times the people and has a 16 % income tax compared to our 10 % . 
  like whaaaat . 
  5 years ago it wouldve been smoother sailing in rough sea than to travel on sofia 's ring-road . 
  our president is amazing , i am 100 % sure he is not corrupt and that he does what he does for the good of the people . 
  and the electronic voting referendum . . 
  i mean come on . 
  minimum wage has been getting higher every year with another upgrade this january and again next january . 
  and with the eu you can start a business or a farm and can hope for over 40 % of the capital to be covered by eu funds ? 
  i mean with 10 % corporate taxes i find it peculiar that everybody is not hq-ing their companies in bulgaria even with the how shitty our bureaucracy is . 
  with how things are going i only see good things happening in the future . 
  and poland has developed times more than bulgaria , i would go as far as calling it a first world nation . 
  but i still remember seeing `` poland is in ruins '' types of political campaigns and i cant comprehend how somebody can fall for it . 
  life in bulgaria has never been better and as long as the eu exists i will be optimistic about our future . 
  i think it should be a budget percentage . 
  say 4 % . 
  its just a guideline so its not that important i just found it peculiar that they used a gdp percentage . 
  / u/ggow made a good explanation for it though and it does make sense , 
  its not mandatory but its like a guideline , is n't it ? 
  still weird why they would choose a ** gdp ** percentage to determine a budget expense . 
  never understood why nato requires members to spend 2 % of * gdp * on `` defence '' . 
  should be a percentage of the country 's budget . 
  how the gdp is portrayed in the country 's budget varies in every country . 
  bulgaria has the smallest taxes in the eu by far , therefore the budget will be proportionately less than other member countries . 
  i mean 2 % of our gdp will be over 6 % of our budget compared to 4.5 % for germany . 
  yeah i dont really see the need for heightened security . 
  youre forced in the same way your government forces you to follow its laws . 
  the commission represents every nation in the eu . 
  the decision was dumb , in my opinion the commission has too much power , such decisions should at the least be voted on by the parliament.so what do you do when your country creates a stupid law ? 
  you fight for its removal . 
  that would be juncker . 
  merkel has nothing to do with the eu commission . 
  quite ironic since the number of migrants that wouldve been sent to eastern europe is quite small and would create barely any notable issues . 
  its not merkel 's mess . 
  she has nothing to do with the eu 's plan to relocate migrants.she was in charge of the decision for germany when together with austria they decided to accept the migrants who had been stranded at the border with hungary . 
  the relocation plan was created by the eu commission . 
  there is no reason to punish them economically as that will hurt us as well as them . 
  i do assume a brexit will hurt our political relationship though . 
  ive been in warsaw many times and have even lived there . 
  i really enjoy the building . 
  as a comparison this is our [ palace of culture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_palace_of_culture#/media/file:ndk_sofia_2012_pd_06.jpg ) . 
  what ? 
  it is a very beautiful building ... 
  it is true its origins are ugly but there s no need to destroy it just because of that . 
  aye but nobody is talking about reforming and fixing the eu . 
  only of dismembering it and reducing it to just an economic union . 
  magically gain the power to actually do something . 
  the eu project is flawed because it has too many obstacles in doing anything . 
  and people say it should have less power because of it . 
  oh the irony . 
  i am an anti-patriot . 
  i believe that patriotism only serves to separate us and it also blinds people in having an accurate understanding of their country . 
  all the profit with non of the commitment . 
  aye , but we are talking about overall freedom , the 1 % will have the most fun where the least regulations and the most corruption is . 
  would you say you have more freedoms in russia than in the netherlands ? 
  well it basically is that . 
  except that not * everything * is allowed but we do have much more liberties than most of the world . 
  and all our problems are so small and petty that in the future when they study europe this era will be the most boring . 
  this is just a meaningless assumption . 
  why would they have recovered by now ? 
  and which issues were caused by the euro in the eurozone ? 
  the financial crisis caused a lot of damage , but greece for example are their own doing , its not like the ecb made a bad decision . 
  the eu is not like this because we wont let it be like this . 
  we have english we have freedom of movement lets get a federal government so the eu actually has the power to act quickly ( because currently it does not and its funny youd criticize it for it ) and suddenly we are the most powerful and prosperous entity on earth . 
  ill take that over a continent segregated into nationalities selflessly fighting each other over their best interests . 
  you telling me california and wyoming have the same needs and political objectives ? 
  the states manage . 
  also not one but 4 . 
  the uk is basically a small scale eu if the eu was federalised . 
  yeah its hard to read sarcasm haha . 
  i was just poking fun at people blaming the eu for everything nowadays . 
  we are talking about two different countries , those statements are true and not mutually exclusive , whats your issue here ? 
  oh haha do you mean the eu is hurting the uk economy somehow ? 
  its not a double standard , its the way the world works . 
  poland doesnt need the eu to grow , they need the eu in order to grow by 5 % each year . 
  and as you are in the eu and doing fine it is obvious that its at least not doing anything bad for you if not it is helping you do so good . 
  so why leave when things are going well ? 
  dont fix what is not broken, 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  no you dont . 
  some guys in a central bank do . 
  just like the eu . 
  in that whats the difference between the uk and the eu ? 
  how would it be worse ? 
  they wouldnt have do deal with exchange rates and commissions ? 
  just because you will be `` fine '' doesnt mean you should leave . 
  you dont really have a valid reason to do so , you just wan na prove you can . 
  that doesnt stop people blaming the eu for everything ,
