  do you think romania wouldve been stronger and better if it had n't united ? 
  how about germany when it used to be 100 city states . 
  or england when it was a bunch of kingdoms that got wrecked by vikings and whatever until they united . 
  when was poland conquered for 120 something years ? 
  i think it was when the majority of the power was divided between a bunch of aristocrats who quarrelled with eachother and never managed to mount a functioning defence . 
  culture should not be protected . 
  it should be left to evolve just like languages . 
  as it has always been except for the last couple of centuries . 
  i am not that familiar with us states but there certainly was a big difference between states . 
  im guessing economy wise it would even be a bigger difference . 
  culture-wise possibly too . 
  or at least it would be similar to the difference between the netherlands and say germany or poland . 
  well then you remain in the 19th century . 
  multiculturalism works great . 
  best example is the us and the uk . 
  you only have issues when you confuse a dark ages way of life with culture . 
  yes division and isolationism has worked so often in the past / s. 
  and you would still have a democracy the eu is very democratic , its a big misconception that it isnt . 
  they used to be . 
  the usa used to be a clusterfuck of nationalities and cultures . 
  it still is but they all call themselves american . 
  the league of nations was also meant to stop another world war . 
  these world organisation will never succeed because of countries like saudi arabia and china and russia , such nations value military more than peace and are not reasonable or rational . 
  and why did the massacres happen ? 
  because those guys were born 100km from where the other guys were born and because of an imaginary border they committed atrocities . 
  the eu binds all nations together , borders wont matter much when everything flows steadily and freely through it . 
  where are the massacres of new yorkers by bostonians or the siege of sacramento . 
  mututally desired unity brings peace and a more efficient and united economic union brings prosperity . 
  and those should be our goals for the future . 
  in the usa , german was as prominent as english 100 years ago and was phased out with propaganda during ww1.if they cant speak english they will not move , they should still have the opportunity . 
  and even though there is not a complete fiscal union what we have is a start . 
  doesnt mean we cant change it . 
  a federal europe should be the goal of all eu nations , its the only way we can retain some of our political influence for the future and ensure that europe remains peaceful and prosperous . 
  how dare you not participate in the eu bashing circlejerk !, 
  look how nice it was in berlin before they tore the sovereignty wall , it should be like that between all countries . 
  i dont get why we dont just segregate ourselves in nationalities and never speak to eachother . 
  get out with your rationality . 
  but they do have a federation of states . 
  imagine if every state was autonomous and would tare each-other apart over north dakotans going to live in new york . 
  the usa is already the end phase of what the eu wants to be . 
  you could say so . 
  but russia unlike poland was not completely conquered by outsiders for more than a century . 
  he should . 
  what is so ridiculous ? 
  as a major ( if not the biggest ) ally both countries will be affected by both decisions . 
  so whats wrong with a close ally speaking their mind ? 
  or are we so afraid of arguments now that we need to close our selves out of the world like russia and circlejerk how great putin is while he is destroying the country . 
  for such an important decision its best to analyse all arguments , who the fuck cares from which country they come from . 
  the current state of poland has existed for less than 100 years so i dont see how poland knows better even on his own terms . 
  not to mention that a country 's age has nothing to do with what it is today . 
  yeah , and im not saying that we should live like some robots , we are glorified animals at best . 
  but that doesnt stop us from discouraging murder and physical violence which is common in the animal kingdom . 
  i think we should embrace our animal side but have that desire to always be better . 
  so i understand why nationalism is so wide spread , its an upgrade from our instincts to have a territory and protect it but i do n't think nationalism is a trait we want to keep if we want the best possible future . 
  no but you dont need nationalism to protect you from that . 
  you just need an understanding of what is ethical or not and some common sense . 
  yeah there is a big illuminati group in the eu and their main goals is to create trade that looks fair to ordinary folks , little do they know it only serves to abuse and bully the only remaining haven of isolationism in europe-the uk . 
  making economic treaties that are legal and accepted by 28 ( 27 ) members is not as simple as saying `` lets all trade with no strings attached '' . 
  the uk will be able to trade with the whole of the eu , nobody is stopping them . 
  if they want to be able to trade more conveniently and less expensively then they need to join the economic union like norway , which comes with strings attached like paying fees and accepting decisions from the leadership of the organisation . 
  as if the eu are some nazis because they wont let the uk have all the rights of the eu without following any of its laws . 
  dude fuck personal inconveniences , removal of schengen will be disastrous for trade . 
  thank you so much . 
  sometimes i feel so alone on this side of the ideology that i start feeling crazy . 
  what if there are some bad french morals and some aspects of your heritage is flawed ? 
  will you without a question pass that to your children ? 
  is it not better to pick the best morals from the whole world instead of blindly just picking the ones you were born into ? 
  it is easy also to hold that argument as you are french , but many people will argue that women wearing burkas is part of many country 's morals and heritage . 
  should women continue being oppressed in those countries just because it is part of their `` culture '' ? 
  and at the end of the day i cant comprehend how you can love a whole country and nation because you were born into it . 
  as a bulgarian i want the best for bulgaria and i feel like its my responsibility to be working into achieving a brighter future . 
  that does n't mean that i will force myself to love bulgaria and every aspect of its culture . 
  its because i am an individual and my opinions and character are not controlled by where i was born . 
  i am who i am because i independently chose who i want to be . 
  i question everything i know in order to be non-biased and try to be as reasonable and logical as i can in my opinions . 
  i dont think you have made a concious effort to integrate into your culture . 
  you are born into it . 
  just like religion . 
  yes there are some people who do make a concious choice but a vast majority just accept what they are born into . 
  hence why you dont see any french people proud of german culture . 
  and hence why you are proud of french culture and not italian . 
  because you were born into it . 
  had you been born in italy or germany you would be saying the same things but about germany . 
  and just because you were raised and taught to think in a different way because you were raised french doesnt make your argument better . 
  because then your opinion is not based on logic or reason but on who taught you what , a.k.a. 
  you did not make this opinion as an individual but as a product of an upbringing . 
  and if you think that way then there is no reason to blame isis who are beheading people because they were raised this way . 
  the same way they refuse to accept that beheading are immoral you have made decisions because of your upbringing that were immoral , of course not to that extent but still . 
  so isnt it better to think as an individual , unbiased in creating your opinions , instead of basing your character your personality and your opinions on where and how you were raised which at the end of the day is decided by a big spin of the random wheel . 
  where is the irony ? 
   you ca n't just say `` they are nationalist and have problems , ergo , they have problems because they are nationalist . '', 
  you have to demonstrate the association . 
  i agree , i didnt explain that thier nationalism is why putin has a 90 % approval rating while he is pushing the country into another cold war . 
  nationalism doest develop . 
  it unifies people against the outsiders . 
  in the 19th and 20th century that was useful , but now , that we no longer hate each-other simply because we are from different nationalities , ( for the most part ) and that we live in peace it is no longer necessary because it is pushing us back into conflict . 
  multiculturalism is not bad . 
  its just that people assume that women belonging to men , for example is part of the middle east 's culture . 
  just because it is so predominant in their societies it does not mean it defines their ethnicity . 
  we had sexism in europe too and we removed it .
