  if the crime is stealing a peace of gum and death or torture is the thing waiting for him in his home country , i do not think its a reasonable response . 
  i would only deport people who are guilty of a serious crime , rape being one of them . 
  every eastern bloc country had a massive recovery after the fall of the soviet union . 
  the growth all of those is linked to the economy having a running start in a vastly superior economic system , even with all the rampart corruption it was very hard to stop the freight train . 
  bulgaria even pegged the lev to the euro and still is , our growth was very similar to that of romania and poland . 
  the we countries that you mention were countries that borrow way beyond their means . 
  yes that would not have happened if they had not entered the eurozone but nobody forced them to do the mistakes they did . 
  they severely mismanaged their economies and are reaping the consequences now . 
  but thats not the euro 's fault . 
  i mean the countries you listed are the ones hot the hardest by the crisis , its pretty clear why they are nto recovering as fast as countries that werent hit as hard . 
  and then we have greece who had a completely disastrous economy and government spending and with them things are very very far from ending . 
  but thats their own doing . 
  blaming the euro for it is just crazy . 
  i think the reason people are blaming the euro is to find a scapegoat say '' those damn germans again '' , `` give us back our country '' and wash their hands off of any of the blame . 
  i still believe the first gerb government was one of the best ones we had had for a decade especially djankov and plevneliev stuck out to me . 
  then boyko noticed that the people didnt care about achievements but did care for meaningless symbolic gestures and the second government was crap . 
  but the first government took office in 2009 just when the crisis hit and did more than the previous bsp government that had the biggest surplus in bulgarian history and rebuilt one tunnel 4 times alongside many other sketchy things achieving basically nothing in the end . 
  i certainly am not saying that boyko did it because he wanted to do good , i do not think of him as a good person , but he did it to gain power , the minute he saw he needed not to spend too much effort he stopped . 
  this is even just q1 when it was 7.4 . 
  a .3 decrease per quarter is a very good a stable improvement . 
  i dont think it will last but even at 7.1 % its not a big deal if it doesnt go down too far . 
  is there anybody on here that can ever go without working for more than a couple of weeks ? 
  humans need to be productive our brains and intelligence force us to always strive to make things better . 
  i cant imagine anybody but a few would stop working because of basic income . 
  i am very very pleased with bulgaria 's progress . 
  we are nearing '08 numbers . 
  come on guy , you cant take developed nations some of which had a big crisis because of their own mistakes , compare them to the underdeveloped countries which are receiving hundreds of millions from the eu to revitalize their economy and industry and have somewhat working economies for the first time in half a century and say that the difference in gdp growth is caused by the euro . 
  well i was mostly misplacing my dislike of holding old grudges from the past like hating on turks or greeks or just the normal * just balkan stuff * rivalry between country . 
  because of those grudges i have grown to dislike viewing the past with sentiment and putting too much meaning into it . 
  i was talking about genes because i 've been quite interested in learning about them and i wanted to find a way to talk about them . 
  i really do believe that people should be able to be a part of a culture and way of life not only by being born into it . 
  i dont really care with what people identify with , as i said above , i just really dislike putting too much meaning into it . 
  i feel like that encourages an eye-for-an-eye mentality which has done too much damage to regions like the balkans . 
  and bulgaria is a prime example of that with even our education still having traces of propaganda and brain-washing . 
  every bulgarian i have ever known at some point in the past , has returned home after kindergarten to declare his hate for the turks because they hung levski or massacred bulgarians during the rebellions . 
  while that is the truth , teaching it to kids that young who are yet not able to assess it as individuals is plain and simple brain-washing . 
  we ought to put more effort in educating our young people to think as individuals rather than to inherit hate and distrust . 
  i think this is also why we are one of the most unhappy nation in the world . 
  we are taught we had everything ( bulgaria on 3 seas ) and they and them took it from us and now we are stuck living in the past , pessimistic about our future . 
  on another note i have enjoyed this conversation , its rather uncommon to be able to have a reasonable discussion on this topic with our fellow countrymen , isnt it ? 
  maybe i went overboard a bit . 
  possibly fueled by decades of being unable to speak with anybody on this matter in a rational manner . 
  i think there is a big identity crisis in bulgaria . 
  we dont know if we are slavic or turkic ( proto-bulgarians were , 500 years of ottoman rule and as you said a lot of resettlement ) or thracian , etc. 
  because the truth is we are all of them . 
  so no we have very little in common with the proto-bulgarians . 
  at this point the only thing that is left is the name . 
  then i remember studying in school that the major population make-up of the balkans when the bulgars arrived were slavic , this is incorrect . 
  they were definitely present but there was another bigger group which were one of the oldest european population , which have stayed in south-east europe for thousands of years . 
  we see most of those people in countries like croatia , serbia and bulgaria . 
  if the population was mostly slavic then bulgarians would look much more similar to poles or russians , a.k.a fair skin , blonde hair , blue eyes , while we have some people that look like that , i would say more look more `` southern '' , brownish skin , dark eyes , dark hair . 
  initially i though that was due to the ottoman rule but it turned out most of them are from this old european group . 
  anyways we have very little inherited from the bulgars . 
  ands when you think about it , they were 30k people that settled in to live with 2-3 million natives . 
  and forming the military class , you can safely assume a big loss would be quite the hit to them . 
  so i go as far as saying that bulgarians today have little to nothing in common with the bulgars or the rulers of the first bulgarian kingdom . 
  maybe you are more right about the second kingdom though . 
  yeah you can say that the normal populace were more common to us than not . 
  now lets look at the ottoman rule . 
  here i think you are incorrect about some things . 
  first bulgarians really didnt see themselves as such for a very long time . 
  its not just food production . 
  they saw themselves as christian . 
  that is why the bulgarian awakening in the 18th century started by the slavic-bulgarian history was such a massive event . 
  people were re-taught to be bulgarian . 
  when it comes to living together i think its pretty clear that christians and muslims in their communities did so to a certain extent . 
  yes it was a rotten relationship , but it was not slavery . 
  the bulgarians were certainly second-rate citizens but not slaves , they still owned land and had rights . 
  this is also why levski was hanged , for the murder of a bulgarian boy ( there was a big outcry about this questioning its truth . 
  but the police reports state so and i believe the truth was buried by the socialist regime ) . 
  it wasnt a perfect society but it was a society which the bulgarians were part of nevertheless . 
  id compare it to 1920 's america with the bulgarians being the black people . 
  unfair , riddled by discrimination but not slaves . 
  i honestly though the turks would have left a bigger genetic imprint but it turns out that part the 10 % turkish minority a very small part of the population has turkic genes . 
  id definitely urge you to read the bulgarian entry of the wikipedia page a linked , it was a very interesting read . 
  you are right though , i was wrong to say we have nothing in common with our ancestors from 1000 years ago , and i shouldnt have commented on the greeks , i do not know enough about the topic . 
  i am born and raised in bulgaria so i definitely see myself as bulgarian . 
  but i think its very very important to encourage an open discussion on the topic . 
  the socialist years blurred and twisted many parts of history in order to drive their idea of national identity . 
  now you know why my friends forbid me from speaking about anything related to this when we hang out . 
  i would not say predominant . 
  genetically they may be related to the ancient greeks the most but that does not support a majority . 
  since ancient greece many other groups have joined the greek gene pool , such as celts , slavs , arabs , turks , etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/y-dna_haplogroups_by_ethnic_group also i didnt only mean genetics , but also culture , social norms , form of governance , even religion . 
  although i completely agree that politicians do these kinds of political stunts i do not think this was the case here . 
  we had such a case when the eu commission report came out last year and it said bulgaria was doing incredibly worse than romania . 
  then suddenly the media jumped on the ( now former qq ) minister of education because he said that bulgarians and turks lived together under the ottoman rule ( e.g. 
  werent tortured slaves ) . 
  so the commission 's report barely got any attention but everybody hailed the pm for firing the minister and protecting bulgarian culture from the threat of accurate history . 
  i do agree that the bans are mostly fueled by hate , racism and religious tensions . 
  but i still agree with the bans but not for those reasons . 
  full faced veils are sexist and a security risk . 
  there is no place for them in a modern society and i am sure many women would be secretly glad they would no longer be required to wear them . 
  that said there really arent almost any women who do wear them , its very very uncommon in bulgaria . 
  so you ought to take a page from your book and not generalize us borats , not everybody is racist anti-muslims . 
  this will anger other bulgarians , but saying the first and second bulgarian civilizations has anything to do with bulgaria today is like saying the same thing about greece and ancient greece . 
  and i am glad i decided who i want to be instead of inheriting hard headedness and my whole character . 
  you are so proud of a past you had nothing in making and a culture and belief you took no part in picking . 
  i am truly disappointed people agreed with your populist patriotic and unrelated gibberish . 
  bye bye baby , dont make me cry .
