  its totally bad when eu citizens live in the uk but having almost as many brits living in the eu is ok . 
  stopping the free movement will hinder you almost as much as the eu . 
  so the only real reason to stop the freedom of movement is because you dont want them poles taking all yer jobs . 
  the eu will get weaker and lose world importance . 
  so we leave it and have much less importance than them . 
  political international relevance comes from unity with other countries not division . 
  also reason 1 , goddamn those eus making us have proper civil rights , removing roaming so our millions of tourists can have the freedom to call home when on vacation in spain , or the freedom for millions of brits to live in europe . 
  fucking hell they even tried to make a common currency so you dont lose half your money to exchange bureaus . 
  come on brits just say it and stop embarrassing yourself . 
  id respect you much more if you campaigned for the real reasons you wan na leave . 
  patriotism , nationalism and xenophobia . 
  seems like the areas who have had a greek majority in the past voted chp the kurdish majority regions voted hdp and the muslim majority regions voted for erdogan . 
  is it all based around religion ? 
  maybe a bit cheaper but 2,35 to 4,70 euros should be pretty accurate for most of bulgaria . 
  but faster driving means more accidents !, 
  i dont wan na go into this balkan thing . 
  i dont care whose dobrudja rightfully is , what i said is that we dont have any quarrels about it with them . 
  the land was theirs too , that is enough to incite international crisis between many countries especially in the balkans . 
  i have never heard these two words in the same sentence . 
  favorite and neighbor . 
  what does it mean ? 
  personally though romania is by far my favorite neighbor . 
  they are in the eu , culturally we are very similar , on our side we have no quarrels over land , though they might have because of dobrudja but i think we cool . 
  definitely somewhere in southern europe . 
  but in the northern part of the country as i wont be able to survive those warm summers in southern spain and would miss skiing too much . 
  so spain , italy , maybe portugal , croatia , slovenia , even turkey if they get their heads out of erdogan 's ass . 
  northern countries are just too anti-social and formal for me . 
  ukip looking out for their citizens as always . 
  i bet he expected more squatting slavs . 
  hey mate we got you to thank for a big part of our cuisine so its like your ottoman ancestors left you something nice for when you come back . 
  yeah i dont see totev not winning . 
  but still its 2015 and weve got so many people stuck in the 19th century . 
  im fucking scared 20 % of the people of the second biggest city voted for the patriotic front . 
  in montenegro ? 
  i have doubts they wouldve been punished in half the eu countries . 
  decaying population wise  . 
  do you really need a source for migrants rioting over not getting whatever they want ? 
  just check out the front page of r/europe . 
  that is actually good for the decaying eastern europe . 
  shitty thing is that most of them lack basic education which renders them on the same level as gypsies . 
  another demographic we cant assimilate and make productive . 
  lets see . 
  our history and literature classes teach us to be nationalistic neighbor-hating racists who live in the past . 
  when it comes to border control i think bulgaria has proved that we do ok . we caught one of the hebdo attackers as he was trying to leave , we did n't get overrun by the immigrants before or after the migrant crisis , etc. 
  its not that big of a deal to be honest . 
  i could live either way . 
  its unfortunate romania delayed their entry , it would 've been better if they joined with us . 
  and there is nationalism . 
  but hey im from the balkans . 
  what do i know about doing dumb things just for the principle '' \u043d\u0430 \u0438\u043d\u0430\u0442 '' . 
  just because you want your workers to have less rights than those socialists at the eu give them . 
  yet it is xenophobic . 
  you never thing about all the brits living in eu which is almost as big of an number as eu citizens living in the uk . 
  also eu immigrants contributed more than 3bn euros to your economy . 
  youre trying to get rid of the hard working , tax-paying immigrants . 
  muh `` independence '' and immigration . 
  there are literary no other valid arguments . 
  im saying its not . 
  hes just attacking my opinion without providing an argument . 
  i said brexit is based on xenophobia and nationalism . 
  if you disagree tell my why it is not . 
  dont say `` thats dumb '' because it does not contribute to the conversation in any way . 
  prove me wrong then . 
  just saying random stuff does not make your view valid . 
  if you require visas from the eu that would fuck you up way harder than us . 
  because every brexit argument is based on xenophobia and nationalism . 
  the average wage has nothing to do with the price of petrol . 
  most that matters is how much the government is taxing petrol which in some countries it goes up to 60 % . 
  i dont understand how usa can be 0.95 for aircraft carriers when it has as much aircraft carriers as [ everybody else combined ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_aircraft_carriers_in_service ) whilst at the same time france ( who has 4 compared to 19 of usa ) is 0.90 . 
  not to mention the superiority of the american carriers . 
  also other countries with 1 carrier ( like russia and china ) have only halved points for having 19 times less carriers . 
  [ another a bit out-dated source ] ( http://imgur.com/aidyedz ), 
  as in its not macedonia because they are a buffer zone from albania and they do something useful for us . 
  ^ i ^ tried ^ being ^ funny ^ and ^ failed ^ miserably ^ ^ im ^ ^ so ^ ^ sorry, 
  yeah man remember how good life was the last time our countries looked to the east ? 
  but i am sure we can count on putin to be a better economic partner than those pesky law-ridden much richer western countries . 
  i actually prefer the uk to leave rather than have them riot over every minuscule law the eu forces upon them . 
  country : bulgaria favourite neighbour : romania least favourite neighbour : serbia because thanks to macedonia we dont border albania . 
  true that . 
  also because hitler was a dummy and didnt take moscow when he could have done so easily . 
  the war was basically won . 
  i really dont care about military power and the fact that you are basing your favoritism of the country on that is worrisome . 
  the sanctions didnt just magically appear because the west hates russia . 
  they were enforced because russia illegally attacked a nation and then bombarded it and supported separatist units in it . 
  the west 's sanctions on russia were also almost ( if not completely ) entirely enforced only on high level people in the russian government . 
  putin is the one who banned european food products . 
  he is the one who burned western food while the price of food skyrocketed . 
  there is also no comparison of the quality of life in russia and the west . 
  like non at all . 
  its like comparing the bulgarian football league to the english premier league . 
  why ( and this is a big why ) must i care about what languages we speak . 
  how does that have to do with politics at all . 
  but even then there are many nations who speak a language close to ours and are not russia . 
  but that means nothing . 
  language is just language . 
  dont pull it into politics . 
  and moscow is definitely not the second largest city in the world . 
  largest in europe , maybe . 
  i would much rather prefer to live in london than in moscow though i do not like both cities . 
  ( london for being so expensive that ill have to live 50km away from the actual city , and moscow because its dirty , dangerous and people get killed for having different political opinions from putin ),
