  read some of my other comments where i am getting grilled over saying that other cultures should adapt to our modern values the same way our cultures did . 
   which you would have noticed if you did n't blind yourself with certain ideologies . 
  im sorry i am not the nationalist or patriot . 
  i think you got things turned around . 
  people choose which parts from christianity to believe in and which ones to not believe in . 
  most of eastern europe hates homosexuals ( most stating leviticus 18 22 ) and most of them say its because its against christianity but at the same time will eat pork and wear clothing made from multiple fabrics . 
  we have disregarded some aspects of our religion and cultures for good . 
  we should expect the middle eastern immigrants to do the same and we are not bad people for thinking that . 
   but when importing some culture , diluting it ( and possibly local culture too ) and praising it as some kind of diversity . . 
  but this is not what i am calling for . 
  as i said , in europe it has taken us centuries in order to adapt our beliefs and traditions to what they are now . 
  nobody stones women ( except in the netherlands ) for having premarital sex or for being in a leadership role like a teacher or politician and traditionally we ought to put women down and rule over them . 
  this is no longer the case . 
  the same way immigrants have to follow the law they need to follow our values . 
  if you are a muslim working in a store and you refuse to sell pork or alcohol then you dont belong in our modern society . 
  christians arent supposed to eat pork either , but who cares ? 
  its not like our culture and beliefs were destroyed because we ate or sold pork . 
  most things have a natural evolution-like function to it , so usually the simplest and easiest thing that works is the one put in place . 
  i think people are being very pessimistic , but that is our nature , we always view bad news as more important that good news . 
  fact is the situation is much better than it was 20 years ago . 
  the over-kill of pc culture is also a good example of the people 's desire to change . 
  but things are getting better . 
  60 years ago nobody would even challenge an unlawful killing of a black person . 
  i see the current events as a natural progression towards a better world and as long as people dont fall for the `` our culture is in ruins '' narrative we will be fine . 
  absolutely agree . 
  but i feel like those issues and divisions are caused by the parties unwillingness to change and fix rather than some universal flaw of multiculturalism . 
  that is a horrible way to live though . 
  the beauty of europe and the world is to get to experience and enjoy all the awesome parts of other cultures that humanity has created . 
  fact is people want to come to europe , i see no problem with that as long as they uphold the values i mentioned and meet the immigration requirements.and maybe they want to come in because they believe in the european values and want to live by them . 
  this 100 times . 
  the situation in the us is an amalgamation of many complex factors that only a fool with a desire to push an agenda will bring down to `` diversity is the issue '' . 
  no , and this type of view is exactly why some people perceive multiculturalism as impossible . 
  in the modern world we have gotten used to ignoring the bad parts of our religions and cultures . 
  it is a prerequisite of having a fair and equal society . 
  the same way bulgarians dont put wooden spikes through random people and then bury them in reinforced coffins and burial grounds , muslims need to accept and tolerate people drinking alcohol and eating pork . 
  we have all changed our beliefs and traditions in order to achieve the liberties and societies we have now in europe , immigrants from outside of europe will have to do the same . 
  every aspect of their cultures and religions can be accepted , except for those that violate europe 's values of equality , justice and liberty for all . 
  this exactly . 
  muslims arent the issue . 
  its that the majority of `` bad '' muslims are from the middle east and north africa . 
  i wish people would understand that . 
  edit : wow so many trump supporters in europe !, 
  if police are killing innocent black people there will be riots . 
  i hate blm but they do have a point . 
  their problems dont stem from diversity but from racism . 
  yeah removing all blacks would fix the racism problems but in a final solution kind of way and nobody wants that . 
  also you got ta note that the us has a landmass and population almost as big as the eu . 
  there are many riots in europe as well , especially in france where they just randomly go off and burn a bunch of cars for no reason every couple of weeks . 
  edit : i dont care about the downvotes , but i am interested in knowing what you dont agree with from my post . 
  do hit that reply button and tell me . 
  diversity is a good thing . 
  and multiculturalism is also a good thing . 
  you know whats bad ? 
  defending certain aspects of some cultures and religions which are not adequate for the modern world . 
  i have no issue living with afghans or chinese or whatever as long as they follow the rules of our modern societies and respect the law . 
  so no burkas but kebabs are cool . 
  i disagree with you . 
   american government and society forcing assimilation on immigrants , sometimes with oppressive means which is the opposite of so-called multiculturalism aye , in the past during war time . 
  fact is currently anybody can go to the us , become a citizen and be regarded as an american . 
  if you immigrate to a european country you would never be accepted as one of their own . 
   the whole ` state multiculturalist ' approach is a very recent development . 
  my point was about the present . 
  well thank god your ancestors werent nationalistic patriots or the present version of your nation state and culture and traditions would never have been formed . 
  canada is not dysfunctional , it is in fact improving quite well . 
  oh so the usa is a dysfunctional society ? 
  fuck that world where we segregate ourselves into cultures and nationalities . 
  okay , its just important to note that some people do not view bullfighting as barbaric as you and most of reddit . 
  even though i am more against banning it also have moral objections to it , but more importantly i believe there are much more important animal abuse issues that need to be addressed first . 
  banning bullfighting wont be more than a symbolic gesture with minimal actual consequences . 
  of course , but then your battle is against meat eating and animal slaughter , bull fighting is an atom compared to the meat industry . 
  that should do the trick , even then who orders a beer at the end of a flight . 
  i usually get a couple at the start so i fall asleep and forget there are 20 strangers in my personal space . 
  but they didnt mention how they will keep the beer cold without the cooling part except that the beer will be delivered cold to the airport . 
  i prefer to go out like the bull than being held in a cage all my life before finally being shot with a gun to my head . 
  oh how easy people lose respect for human life . 
  i would advise you to study up on the actual situation and try to assess it without putting too much emotion into it . 
  youre acting as if the eu is your enemy forgetting who your real enemy is . 
  the eu is not a military organisation and until it becomes one you cant criticise it for being a shitty one ... 
  the people who wanted to be european became refugees which poland mostly accepted . 
  the path to eu ascension requires full cooperation from the country 's government and standards that need to be reached . 
  the eu cant just say `` ukraine is eu now '' ... and what ? 
  the eu failed to have a voice ? 
  there still are sanctions and there have been for a long time since the annexation of crimea !, 
  eu leaders have made it clear they do not support the annexation and russia 's actions . 
  where the fuck are you getting your opinions from ? 
   nato is us . 
  europe is basically a bunch of freeriders with an arrogant attitude . 
  so , expect your salvation from us , not eu . 
  now i know . 
  you get your opinions from the `` head in the sand '' pub where everybody makes up criticism just for the sake of criticism while being heavily drunk . 
  how are you betrayed by europe ? 
  it seems you are refusing to think about all the different aspects of georgia joining nato . 
  i personally think nato should accept georgia , but obviously there are many complex political consequences that could destabilise the whole region and make everything much worse . 
  but europe is not some angel that is supposed to save everybody from the baddies . 
  we can do more , yes , but dont blame us for not saving the world . 
  well some germans were also dickheads . 
  but i agree , the people who are paying for this have nothing to do with what was done . 
  cool , so we can just try to out-shit each other ? 
  i learned my english from cartoon network , discovery channel and books , so i just go by what sounds the least weird . 
  dont know why but it makes sense to me to use `` it '' in this case .
