  you are making a point of saying they are not refugees in a thread debating whether you can equate them to invading soldiers . 
  thats how it seemed to me . 
  `` if they are not refugees they must be invading soldiers !, 
  you are a genius and a scholar . 
  such out of the box thinking wow . 
  you know what you just did there ? 
  you completely destroyed all the infidels calling themselves `` humanists '' who are not ready to equate migrants to a jihad . 
  the fools !, 
  they cant even hate people based simply on their religion !, 
  thank you sir for freeing me from my fake morality and showing me the necessity to slaughter the invading muslims . 
   created the cyrillic alphabet them 's fightin ' words . 
  greece had by far the most people in administration per capita . 
  there was an astonishing amount of money being thrown into a hole due to low efficiency and tangled up bureaucracy . 
  if they managed to increase efficiency and clear up the bureaucracy they could get away with halving the number of people working in the government . 
  just because its a job doenst mean it should exist . 
  in greece 's case it was doing double the damage because they wasted money on something that wasnt needed and the employee wasnt able to work something that actually benefited the economy . 
  the most important elections for europe in decades . 
  we will all be affected by this . 
  honestly fuck jehovah they are a cult like scientology and should be banned everywhere . 
  * but * this is very common and similar to far right parties and immigration , doing what the people believe to be the right thing even though they do them for all the wrong reasons . 
  imo the instability caused by le pen and a possible french exit from the eu will be far greater than any terrorist action in europe for the past 20 years . 
  dont be confused due to all the media coverage that there is a clear majority in favour of independence . 
  polls have shown it going both ways . 
  validating an independence without a referendum will be as unfair to half of the people of catalonia as not giving a referendum is to the other half . 
  and now uk and france 's elections have synced up since they have 5 year terms in contrast to germany 's 4 . 
  ah yes , croatia , the country based on chess right ? 
  killed many a jedi to save those archives . 
  its when the city itself flourished . 
  as i said in my original comment bulgaria was built during the late 19th and early 20th century , art nouveau was the most popular then . 
  you can see many other examples of art nouveau from all over bulgaria , especially [ sofia ] ( http://www.la-belle-epoque.de/sofia/img_4500.jpg ) ( turkish embassy ) and [ varna ] ( http://www.ucis.pitt.edu/opera/ofb/misc/varnaex.jpg ) ( opera house ) . 
  varna and ruse will have more though , as they were already big cities by the time of liberation . 
  sofia was merely a village then which was completely built up from the ground up , literally . 
  the city didnt have paved streets till 1907 which were a gift from austria-hungary to bulgaria as king ferdinand i had married princess marie louise . 
  legend has it the princess was fed up with having to walk the muddy streets and took it upon herself to fix it . 
  thats how we got our [ yellow brick road ] ( http://skyewalkers.com/home/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/20130216_152122.jpg ) . 
  oh yes , ruse is a very good example of this . 
  it flourished and became one of the richest and biggest cities in bulgaria only to be forgotten . 
  the only [ nobel laureate born in bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elias_canetti ) was born in ruse , as his family were businessmen who lived there . 
  [ check out his birth house ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elias_canetti#/media/file:elias_canettis_f%c3%b8dested.jpg ) . 
  so many such cities are all over the place , many vandalised by awful commie architecture , we need to save them before they rot away . 
  bulgaria , romania and serbia have many such cases . 
  i have seen many [ villages ] ( https://www.google.bg/maps/@43.1346825,24.150543,3a,75y,137.33h,97.27t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s-oynsjneieiij4oixc7_dw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ) ( thats rumyantsevo a small village on the main road to ruse/bucharest . 
  you can check out the whole main street and see other examples ) , and neighbourhoods ( especially belgrade , sofia and bucharest ) that had prospered during the late 19th and the start of the 20th centuries that are on their way to becoming ruins due to no maintenance . 
  its very heartbreaking because we have this beautiful architecture from when our countries were being created that is completely abandoned . 
  why do people assume that being unbiased means being equally in favour of both sides of the issue ? 
  it means showing things as they are and i didnt see anything as bad as to call it biased . 
  and you are not a coward for doing so . 
  its easy to say `` fight for whats right '' when that means rational debates , press being free to question anybody , and no radicalisation against the modern notions of equality and civil rights . 
  some people might dislike giving up their life fighting for a cause that a majority of everybody else despises you for . 
  even worse if you live in a autocracy like turkey where you are imprisoned for being the opposition . 
  in the end who will you be fighting for when most of your countrymen will hate you for what you are doing ? 
  yeah true . 
  economic breakdown and massive loss of popular support can be added to the list . 
  dude bulgaria has one of the largest turkish minorities in europe with almost 10 % , plus it does n't matter if the population is 2000 or 20 000 or 200 000 because its percentage based . 
  i am only seeing an issue in germany , netherlands , austria and belgium . 
  in the europeelects updated map even romania goes down to around 40 % though sweden rises up . 
  it aint multiculturalism 's problem if it only occurs in 4-5 countries and everybody else is in the extremely opposite direction . 
  this makes it a regional problem , one exclusive to those countries . 
  that just works in democratic liberal countries unfortunately . 
  there are as many if not more countries where the vote was overwhelmingly no than yes . 
  you gon na comment on that or just ignore the facts that dont push your agenda ? 
  stupid prussian union . 
  they took away the sovereignty of all those countries . 
  just ban maps that do not specify year of making , it doesnt matter if its outdated or not . 
  yeah like the tsa . 
  10 billion in spending and millions if not billions of passengers inconvenienced all for the price of not catching anybody ever . 
  wasnt st. petersburg a good enough proof that security for the sake of liberty just takes away the liberty and gives you no security ? 
  i like blackstone 's formulation : `` it is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer '' i guess you believe in the opposite where thousands suffer for the apprehension of one guilty person . 
  the reason op asked this question is because of all the events unfolding about china abandoning its support for nk . 
  with statements such as `` china is not obliged to defend nk '' and more you can see how things are changing . 
  thats why i chose to ingore china because i assume that if there was a us invasion of nk , it would be with china 's blessing , which seems to be much more possible now than it was a week ago . 
  it will be a invasion of iraq 2.0 imo . 
  invasion and occupation will be over in a couple of months , maybe some countries will send some soldiers in show of support , maybe not , nobody will be made to because there is not legal obligation . 
  how many refugees did it stop to make stopping millions of europeans worth it ? 
  * everybody loses yey !, 
  and i dont give a fuck . 
  its not some export we get money from . 
  well i dont know the circumstances to the bombings in kosovo but even if it was due to missing militants its you know the point i was trying to make , that the civilian deaths were not on purpose . 
  well , the idea was to demoralise the people so that less would support continuing the war . 
  the targets were always infrastructural , industrial or military but yeah shit like the chinese embassy bombing happened . 
  this was a widely used strategy by the us since ww2 , for example they ( with the british ) bombed sofia several times destroying much of the historic center . 
  the first bombing occurred very soon after bulgaria joined the axis as a way to desensitise joining the axis for other countries plus it was a way to weaken the government by demoralising the people . 
  there is a picture on the right showing all the bombing locations for just the sites where nato used munitions with depleted uranium and you can see how the strikes are all over the place with the biggest concentration on the border with albania . 
  for me i think its pretty cut and dry that the nato forces didnt target civilians on purpose , there were so many bombings and 2/3 of the deaths occurred in some dozen bombing runs like the one op linked with the train . 
   why not bomb kosovo for what they did to serbs ? 
  2/3 of the civilian victims of the bombings were kosovars with many of the bombings occurring in kosovo . 
   srebrenica is in an entirely different conflict , fought 5 years before the kosovo war , with different sides fighting . 
  no side that fought in srebrenica was in the kosovo war . 
  i 'm not talking about srebrenica . 
  entirely different ? 
  nope . 
  in order to enter the conflict nato used atrocities committed during the yugoslav wars , many vs kosovars to enter the kosovo war . 
   oh yeah , they bombed the chinese embassy , the nursery in belgrade , a ton of bridges/trains/houses all by mistake ? 
  except for the bridges , yes everything was an incident . 
  thats why i said in my original comment that maybe you can find some blame for nato in that maybe they didnt plan or execute their bombings as well as they could have , but thats not what your comment is about . 
   you know that the nato intervention had almost zero effect on the fry military in kosovo . 
  bombing children in montenegro also did n't help the 'cause ' . 
  yes and i am aware of the atrocities kosovars committed , i still cant accept them as justifications for what the serbs did . 
  combating terrorism ? 
  thats some hardcore genocide justification .
