  currently . 
  your second point is the main reason . 
  [ russian referendums . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fnsuyx8lno ), 
  mate as i said if i were a kosovar ( is that how people from kosovo are called , i dont know ) i would be for remaining in serbia . 
  i am against division and secession and i cant comprehend why kosovo wants to be independent , the way i see it they have a much brighter future in serbia . 
  * but * if they reaaaaly want to be independent then they have to right to be . 
  the people should choose their government not vice-versa . 
  knowing op is a big leave supporter i must have misread it . 
  i personally think serbia should give up its claims . 
  the kosovars ( albanians ) do not want to be governed by serbia so why should they ? 
  and why would serbia want to deal with a whole region that doesnt want to deal with them ? 
  ( do note , i do not think that in the modern world secessions or divisions are a good idea so if i was from kosovo i would prefer we stay in serbia ) but yeah it will be political suicide saying so . 
   only by proof you have knowledge , otherwise it 's just an assumption . 
  yes but assumptions are meaningless without having any reason to back them up . 
  eu is not known for doing dodgy shit to other nations for symbolic victories . 
  russia is . 
   burning russian flags and neo nazis everywhere seemed to indicate otherwise . 
  did you get this argument from the russian media ? 
  assholes are always going to be about and neo-nazis will always try to be part of the violence and rebellions without caring about the cause . 
  you look at the leaders and the causes they laid down , not the causes the opposition tried to push . 
   please . 
  there is no such thing as a just offensive war . 
  freezing private property because of association is n't just either , neither is taxing the shit out of food exports to starve ordinary russians . 
  the embargo does have consequences , do n't kid yourself . 
  aye but my point was the the eu was much more gentle on the russian population that putin was . 
  and the point of sanctions are to hurt the one being sanctioned in order to make them stop . 
  of course they hurt . 
   yes it should . 
  so should selling planes to iran , dealing with china , giving aid to african basket cases , having your tournaments in dubai , inviting the saudi royal family for a beach holiday in france etc. 
  i completely agree and so do many people and politicians in europe . 
  however it is a new movement which didnt really exist before 10 years and it is just gaining strength . 
  i can dislike russia doing it the same way i do when the eu does it . 
  i mean do you really think europe is unfairly treating russia as a warmongering nation ? 
   what third party is there ? 
  a party which isnt involved . 
  i dont trust russia or ukraine in creating a fair referendum . 
   we do n't know that . 
  yes we do , unless there is evidence to prove otherwise . 
  the protests were against corruption and injustice . 
  the president being a russian-pawn is only a small part of the protests . 
  it was not an anti-russia protest . 
   open a history book about ww1 or ww2 . 
  the exact same stereotype . 
  i thought we were past that . 
  on a side note , when we intervene for some abstract reason , we are `` upholding our values '' . 
  when the russians do the same they are collectively below animals . 
  i fail to see any relevance to the topic here . 
  also when the eu intervenes , it intervenes justly . 
  the eu sanctions your oligarchs , russia invades . 
  no european member wants war vs russia . 
  we dont even want to harm its citizens . 
  when the eu sanctioned russia , it sanctions were very light and didnt affect the populace . 
  in response putin sanctioned eu food imports to russia , which raised the already high food prices . 
   on a geostrategical level the fact assad 's a butcher does n't matter as much as his allegiance and naval base placement its still support for a violent dictator . 
  i cant agree with it , and it should be politically frowned upon . 
   what makes you think `` assads enemies '' are n't jihadis or standard issue mercenaries . 
  they are jihadists and crazy islamists . 
  this doesnt matter i shouldnt have brough it up . 
  well those are the standard requirements for joining the eu . 
  i was talking about the political requirements which are , at this moment , only related to serbia . 
  but the usa doesnt matter . 
  there is no point in throwing the usa in this . 
  besides just because usa does dodgy things it doesnt give russia a free pass for doing it too . 
  we are the eu not the us , there is simply no point in including them in this . 
  what i dislike is the `` before we all start celebrating . '', 
  bit . 
  the vote was 52 % for leave with a very small margin of people actually wanting for britain to leave the single market . 
  who is all then ? 
  i disagree that this is a good move for the uk and dislike how he said that it is cause for celebration as if it is clearly the best choice . 
   neither georgia or the ukraine are european colonies if i remember correctly why does this matter ? 
  they are in europe though . 
  even if they werent , people are as disgusted by china 's actions in the south china sea . 
  its not about sphere of influence , its maintaining international law and also about fairness . 
   maybe not funding and encouraging protest movements that topple unfriendly governments , however corrupt they are , should be something the eu does n't just preach but should also practice . 
  the eu did not fund any of the protests , like what are you talking about ? 
  its actually ironical as russia is actually the one financing far-right political parties and groups in europe with the idea of destabilizing it . 
  yes ukraine is very complicated , and i personally would not have protested if a 3rd party had done a referendum in crimea and decided to join russia . 
  but russia invaded another country just as the government was overthrown , when it was the least united and ready to defend itself . 
  what a dodgy and shitty move . 
  how can you trust a nation after it does that ? 
  same with eastern ukraine . 
  instead of waiting for the whole situation to end you go off supplying crazy people with weapons leaving out any other resolution to the issues but violence . 
  thats all russia knows , its violence and warmongering . 
  and because russia only knows violence , people in ee are getting scared . 
  of course i want some defensive precaution to be taken in case russia attacks * because it is just so them to do so * . 
  i mean this is pretty crazy coming from switzerland a country that still has conscription and bombs under their bridges . 
  and nobody has said that russia should leave syria . 
  the eu doesnt like the relationship they have with a violent dictator ( the same way i dislike the us relationship with the saudi arabia ) . 
  but everybody agrees that isis needs to be stopped and is fine with russia helping even though 7/10 bombings occur against assad 's enemies and not isis but whatever . 
  putin controlling all the media and using it for propaganda and acting like a dictator doesnt help . 
  theres two things that serbia must do to join the eu . 
  approve the eu sanctions on russia and drop its claims on kosovo . 
  both will be very hard to do , but as i said a political partnership is required and no nation with territorial issues can be admitted to the eu due to its rules . 
  yeah annexing and bullying other european countries will do this . 
  if russia gives back crimea to ukraine , pulls their troops and stop supplying rebels in eastern ukraine and stops invading georgia km by km then we can sit down and talk about unfair treatment . 
  seems pretty fair to me . 
  if serbia wants to join the eu they have to decide where their values stand and align politically with brussels at least on some level . 
  if not , thats fair too . 
  membership is voluntary .
