  this town has pretty formidable stone walls which are very expensive to build and require a huge workforce , in medieval times the walls were usually built by the citizens `` volunteering '' their time over decades . 
  and correct me if i am wrong but the military didnt really pay for the construction of a castrum , but it was constructed any time the legion was in hostile territory before resting and was meant as a temporary thing that on most occasions was dismantled when moving on so it would n't fall to enemy hands . 
  * some * developed into towns after being used as forward logistic stations . 
  fuck you too guy . 
  you , my friend , are confused as to what a more united europe will be like . 
  it will not be a nation and it wont be a country . 
  i will still be a bulgarian living in bulgaria electing a bulgarian government that does what the voters wanted . 
   every country should be allowed to govern themselves how they want as long as they 're not violating basic human rights . 
  that is not something that federalisation would take away . 
  federalisation only bonds our countries together wherever it would be beneficial to have a united front like foreign politics or common army . 
  the road from the eu today to a federation/confederation ( i am more in favour of confederation ) is very very short . 
  only thing the eu needs is more legitimacy/power and a couple of things more like a common army . 
   it is n't as black and white as you seem to believe . 
  there 's a huge area between war and simply respecting each other and coexisting . 
  unfortunately there isnt . 
  you are thinking too short-term . 
  be it in 10 or 20 or 50 years something will happen and all bets will be off . 
  because thats the nature of nation-states . 
  cooperation is something that happens between governments not nations and governments change and so do national aspirations and relations . 
  do n't forget that its not only europe you need worry about . 
  there is russia and china and a dozen other countries that are shooting for becoming great powers . 
  be it politically or militarily a divided europe stands no chance . 
  how could such a small town afford to build such defences ? 
  that was true when europe was by far the strongest region in the world . 
  yeah if it was the 1700s . 
   yeah no thanks . 
  it * was * better when we just fought each other instead of this `` unity '' nonsense , was n't it . 
  on another note thanks for showing me / r/acteuropa . 
  ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ ^ handle ^ ^ ^ ^ peer ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ pressure ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ much ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ longer . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if bulgaria has a positive net this year . 
  exports have been growing since the 3rd quarter of last year and the growth is only picking up strength . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.nsi.bg/sites/default/files/files/pressreleases/fts_extrastat_2017-03_wldly37.pdf ) ( 1st chart is export change to 3rd countries , 2nd is import , 3rd is change export 3rd countries + eu ), 
  as an eastern european/south eastern european i can say that i have never felt any discrimination . 
  i think op is saying that , because there is more attention put towards western europe which is only natural because of the social , cultural , and economic factors . 
  you can talk about french cuisine and italian opera what about bulgaria or poland is as cultured and nuanced ? 
  western europe is the centre of civilisation in our part of the world , there is nothing wrong with having more interest in it than in the balkans which 100 years ago was populated by two peasants and a goat . 
  cant wait for the glib-globs we will colonise in space . 
  put in another enter between rows buddy . 
  dude is one of the most biased people on the sub making him a mod would be disastrous . 
  damn never noticed how nice of a flag the balearic islands have . 
  3300 a year by * both * countries . 
  more people die on the road from veliko tarnovo to bucharest . 
   really impressive that when i said european nations supported communist revolution and helped commies i got downvoted . 
  and they say russians ca n't handle truth haha maybe that was the only true thing that you said and are being downvoted for everything else ? ^ ^ haha regardless reddit upvotes/downvotes are not representative of whats true or not . 
  the upvotes are relative to every thread . 
   where the fuck did you get that 20 % number ? 
  the question at hand was whether the revolution had as much support as the nsdap . 
  about 20 % ( 37 % of turnout ) of the german population voted for the nsdap when they won in 1932 . 
   russian being the main successor state of the ussr , a lot of the blame shifts to them . 
  you are ignoring the context . 
  op here is saying that people are questioning celebrating the red army 's victory because of some irrational hatred towards russia . 
   this sub is definitely unfair to russia , if you do n't see that i really do n't know what more to say . 
  russia has kept busy lately making an international crisis after another . 
  if you do an x amount of controversial stuff then you should expect an x amount of controversy and criticism in return , russia has been doing so much x that the x in return feels unfair because there is an x about literally everything russia has done in the past several years . 
  i have seen * some * hate towards russia on this sub that perhaps was uncalled for but in almost all other cases its not and for sure it is not equal to the amount of call-outs against criticism towards the kremlin . 
   it is shameful that you consider millions of people who died to defend their country form total annihilation and stopped nazi germany and it 's plans as just another `` evil empire '' . 
  furthermore , i can not make nor want to make you celebrate , i want you to be at least show some decency . 
  the germans fighting the invading soviets were also people who died to defend their country from annihilation , their women from rape and their cities from ruin and plunder . 
  the soviets were savage and vicious , way more than the average german soldier . 
  just because they were fighting for survival doesnt mean they are not evil . 
  you should stop basing reality on children 's tales where there is always a good and an evil side . 
  in the german-soviet war both sides were evil . 
  i will show decency to the british and the americans who amongst other were actually the good in this war and who actually had some decency and instead of condoning atrocities did their best to even hold the offenders accountable . 
   just imagine what would have happened had the ussr collapsed under the nazi assault . 
  that 's what . 
  the what is not in regard to the contributions of the ussr to defeating nazi germany but it was in regard to letting that absolve them of their crimes . 
   where do i claim they should be absolved ? 
  they did a lot of disgusting things indeed . 
  does that absolve them of the `` good `` they did ? 
  no but we should not be celebrating somebody whose `` good '' deed was deemed to be such due to the evilness of their enemy . 
  so you are saying that less than 20 % of the tsarist russia supported the revolution ? 
  now thats lies . 
  in the end you are grabbing onto something that doesnt even matter in my argument . 
  i am not trying to discover who had more support but to show op that both regimes were working on the support of minor factions within their countries . 
  eh i made a mistake though i do not think that busts my argument that more people supported the revolution than the nsdap . 
  pff non of that happened ... * ^ waves ^ nato ^ flag . 
   because russians did n't stand idly by when 6 million jews were killed . 
  by that logic the russians stood by while the soviet army was raping , killing and pillaging their way through europe . 
  almost nobody knew that the jews were being exterminated instead of just put into concentration camps the way the us did to its japanese population for example . 
   the nazi party received 39 % of the vote in 1932 whereas the communist party came to power via revolution . 
  exactly so you cant blame like 80 % of the population that didnt vote for nsdap but actually the 1917 revolution was deeply supported by the working class which was ~ ~ high-majority ~ ~ a powerful faction of the population . 
  you could say that more people supported the communist revolution than voted for nsdap in 1932 . 
   however on an individual basis i do mourn those that did not support the nazis and were conscripted against their will , and i say that as a jew . 
  the same way i mourn the russians who didnt support the regime or commit atrocities who died in the war . 
  that doesnt mean i will celebrate that regime 's victory . 
  your marshall plan ? 
  ive not seen anybody say that in this thread . 
  but think about this - why dont we celebrate and brave men and women who fought and in many cases died for nazi germany ? 
  their conscripts were also innocent people forced to fight , their women were raped and killed by the invading soviets the same way poland 's jews were exterminated by the nazis . 
  yet we do not celebrate the innocents who died in germany . 
  i will not celebrate any army that conducted itself in the way the soviets did on their way to berlin the same way i dont celebrate a regime that committed genocide . 
  send me the ones that they gave to you to mind wash you to think that rape and pillage are ok as long as you are fighting vs the common enemy , or the way you call them , former ally . 
  after bulgaria declared war on nazi germany and asked for peace the soviets declined making bulgaria the only country at war with both nazi germany and the soviets . 
  the ussr occupied us anyway . 
  * omg you are so biased against russians why cant you just be happy and celebrate them . 
  what the fuck does russia have to do with any of this ? 
  we are talking about the ussr here stop trying to push this * `` hur dur / r/europe is unfair to russia '' * bullshit . 
  what is shameful about refusing to celebrate one evil empire defeating another ? 
  yes the soviets played a major role so what ?
