  i think its dumb to make your life that much harder for something symbolical . 
  there is no quantifiable reason for any western country to split right now . 
  that was before brexit though . 
  i was against scottish independence at the time of their referendum but now i think they would gain more . 
  still i dont see catalan or basque independence as something reasonable . 
  then you ought to research what rational means . 
  for the downvoters it means based on reason and fact . 
  austria leaving the eu would be highly unreasonable . 
  theres not even a question about that . 
  if you think brexit is tough austria leaving would be 10 times tougher . 
  its because you have no issue getting help from the eu when its straight cash but when they criticise your government which is doing shady stuff , in order to help you you flip out . 
  what ? 
  the 2 year process was implemented to * help * leaving members . 
  imagine if the leaving was instantaneous . 
  i cant even imagine what that would do on the uk economy . 
  the 2 year period is very necessary to make the transition as smooth as possible . 
  and whats wrong with standardising regulations throughout the continent ? 
  this is incredibly necessary for the industry , for example . 
  what greater form of autonomy ? 
  to me them not joining reduces their autonomy because they cant vote on some decisions that affect them . 
  everybody can change their relationship with the eu at any moment , as you are seeing with the uk . 
  its a union not a country , membership is voluntary . 
  you must have forgotten the '' / s '' . 
  switzerland are part of every aspect of the eu except the political part , now that the eu is pressuring them to fully implement freedom of movement . 
  they just take neutrality really seriously . 
  its not even that . 
  what happened to cooperation and working together for a better future ? 
  yeah we have to look at the financial , social , industrial , etc. 
  aspects but isnt it more important to unite europe ? 
  why would austria need allies and trade partners ? 
  its not like they are a small nation population , size and economy wise . 
  its not like they are literally in the middle of the continent and have to rely on other european countries to even get to a port . 
  its not like they dont have the political power to stand up to brussels , moscow , bucharest . 
  oh wait ... it is like that . 
  because she doesnt have putin and le pen as her main foreign allies ? 
  i feel like people are being really judgemental of clinton whilst dialling the judgement to minimum towards trump because its expected of him to be a moron . 
  at the end of the day , clinton has experience and is very careful with her public image meaning she wont do anything dumb and discriminatory like banning all muslims . 
  and i dont think he means that hilary is his best case . 
  its just the better one . 
  poor americans only get 2 choices . 
  seems like you need to go to the doctor and get yourself a refill of chill-pills because you have ran out . 
  look at his comment history and the subreddits he moderates , comrade . 
  to me it seems he has some mental issues and needs to seek help . 
  but tbh it was more of a joke . 
  160 years later they still have electoral colleges . 
  you ought not to , though . 
  in a better world you would be in a mental hospital . 
  our currency is already pegged to the euro . 
  why ? 
  oh the irony . 
  it always looks darkest before the dawn . 
  also its better for you . 
  meat is essential but we eat way too much of it . 
  i think you mean the uk has done very well inside the eu . 
  that sentence was total boza . 
  i think the uk government will suddenly accept a bunch of shitty deals to prove they can do it by themselves . 
  its not negligence , its being poor and having no budget . 
  the money has to come from somewhere . 
  we cant just double their pensions without raising taxes or cutting the budget from somewhere else . 
  we also have a growing deficit and you see how people act when we try to raise the transport tickets to a price that is still too low to pay for the transport . 
  thats the average . 
  in the article it said about 1/4 live on 80 euros . 
  also merkel and the eu hasnt solved world hunger , aids and death . 
  fucking germans man . 
  i aint outraged even about the rebels . 
  those guys are islamists and are no better than isis , just less powerful . 
  but you are hostile towards a nation and then you go and bomb its people right on their border that even if they were insurgents they were the size of an atom compared to isis ? 
  provocative at the least . 
  * sigh the russian bots have attacked *, 
  it is because at least it shows that racism is not accepted under those social norms . 
  but in poland racism towards certain groups like jews for example is accepted . 
  bulgaria aint better , in fact could be worse but we 've got to realize this and change . 
  while i dont agree with turkey downing the russian jet , i dont agree with the russians going into syria under false pretenses bombing the rebels 10 times more than isis . 
  when it happened i looked at the map and was like `` what the fuck are russian jets doing hundreds of kilometers from isis territory conducting bombings on the turkish border anyways '' . 
  well the biggest crisis happened when merkel and austria opened their borders to the migrants making hungary , serbia and other countries open theirs in order to transit the migrants to austria and germany . 
  obviously before that no border controls were necessary apart from the outer-schengen ones . 
  but after they let in a million refugees into schengen the real crisis started . 
  the utter mess the eu made of the refugee crisis . 
  most of the damage was done by merkel . 
  the eu just tried their best to clean her shit . 
  thank you again romania , for being a little more relevant than us and picking up all the racism . 
  my friend , if you hate rakia this because some bastard give you bad rakia . 
  good rakia smell like breast of young woman and taste like nature . 
  \u0415very sip brings you memory of time when markets sell meat and water was hot in winter . 
  every bottle you finish remembers you of bulgaria on three seas and you cry tears when remember those memories do not happen . 
  it all a lie . 
  no meat in markets , no hot water in winter , no bulgaria on 3 seas . 
  but you still drink rakia . 
  it is good day . 
  this cuz you have not try bulgaria chokolat . 
  such sweet , such nice , remind one of quet morning on balkan looking over motherland where factory produce this gift by nature . 
  plus extra lugnut and metal you find on chocolat good for making machine for home rakia . 
  ok , the actual difference is that john oliver is a comedian * on purpose * . 
  if that were true you woudnt be drowning in debt and unemployment . 
  not with england leaving the eu . 
  as was with scotland one of the bigger arguments against independence is that the new nation would be excluded from the eu . 
  so if scotland leaves the uk to join the eu spain should be fine with it as they are not in any danger of leaving the eu any time soon . 
  oh shit am i the irl wildling folk ? 
  i wish the best for the uk and its people . 
  but at the same time i feel like an asshole because in a way i want them to fail .
