  i like how everybody is talking about the eu as if its some outside invader . 
  it is you . 
  you are the eu . 
  you are in the parliament you have an equal representative in all the other institutions ( bar ecb and ac ) . 
  if you do n't like something then its your fault for not doing anything . 
  this is democracy , some people will always get misrepresented . 
  if you dont like it make another authoritarian dictatorship , it worked out fine the last time . 
  i am leaning towards yes on most of these except the compulsory voting and state subsidies for pps . 
  i think we need to make people more interested in voting and make it easier for them to get educated about the candidates , forcing them to vote will make a lot of people vote randomly for the person they 've heard about the most/has advertised the most . 
  and a change from 11 leva to 1 is too drastic all at once . 
  ` this will most likely increase trade and tourism whilst having almost no financial downsides , 
  its just the phonetic equivalent for the `` e '' in focker/fucker ( it actually is something between an \u044a and an a ) . 
  our `` e '' is more like the `` e '' in met . 
  its the same formula . 
  translated literary back to english it would be : meet the fockers or meet the focker family . 
  the official bulgarian translation is actually '' \u0417\u0430\u043f\u043e\u0437\u043d\u0430\u0439 \u0441\u0435 \u0441 \u043d\u0430\u0448\u0438\u0442\u0435 '' which means meet my parents which is also nice because it is neutral in displaying how good/bad the parents actually are and the main structure of the title is preserved . 
  it is not a pun . 
  a pun requires it to mean at least two different things while sounding roughly the same . 
  it is just a quirky name , and as everybody knows what fuck means the jokey name is n't lost on anybody . 
  meet the `` family name '' aint something english speakers hear often either , when by itself without having seen or heard anything about the movie you would n't know what the movie was about at all , and thats how the movie makers decided it should be . 
  the romanian title gave out information that the movie makers didnt want to . 
  therefore its a bad translation . 
  yes it is lost but its better than creating a completely different title which has absolutely nothing to do with what the movie people wanted to show to the audience with it . 
  if the people who made the movie wanted the name to have a hint towards the general story then they would have . 
  dont go off inventing your own titles . 
  translation means translating it into another language as accurately as possible . 
  like how bloody hard is to translate `` meet the fockers '' , just do the romanian word for `` meet '' + the romanian word/s for `` the fockers '' it would probably be something like `` meet the focker family '' . 
  again if the people who made `` meet the fockers '' wanted their title to hint that the fockers are inlaws and that they are nightmarish they would have done so . 
  why is everybody so bad at translations ? 
  they were stopped at the outer european border in all cases except for greece , which as it does not border any schengen nations didnt give the migrants an opportunity to go to other eu nations undetected . 
  i dont know what to say to you either , you think schengen and freedom of movement are the same thing , you think the hungarian border with serbia was not-existent for the last time im telling you , you are just talking bs based on assumptions . 
  whether you will go and educate yourself on the issue is your own responsibility . 
  freedom of movement is not schengen hence why countries like bulgaria and romania have it whilst not being in schengen . 
  also the migrants didnt benefit at all from the lack of borders . 
  the only country that didnt manage with the influx was greece which doesnt border any schengen nations . 
  there are eu borders still , which is more economically sensible and crucial to the eu citizen 's liberties than every country having unnecessary borders . 
  and the fence wasnt necessary before the migrant crisis , hungary had a normal border with serbia . 
  you have made a bad opinion because of incorrect assumptions , you ought to use facts rather than emotions as your basis . 
  there is no problem with freedom of movement ? 
  if you mean the migrant crisis the only way for the migrants to abuse it is to somehow gain a eu nation nationality which is impossible to happen . 
  this is another issue . 
  people like you not knowing what they are talking about basing their opinions on wrong assumptions . 
  them being angry about every legislature that gets passed in the parliament that affects them ? 
  also their disagreement with freedom of movement . 
  the only way the uk is harming the eu is with its euroscepticism . 
  the relationship is only dysfunctional because the eu is a democratic union while the uk wants to be completely in charge . 
  i still dont think there are any valid reasons for the uk to wish to leave , their reasons stem from nationalistic ideals and xenophobia . 
  [ this website ] ( https://www.uktradeinfo.com/statistics/overseastradestatistics/pages/eu_and_non-eu_data.aspx ) says its 47 % exports and 52 % imports where the values were taken at the end of 2015 . 
  either way my point stands . 
  i 'm sure palau will be fine with a brexit . 
  from what i understand the brexit will also force them leave any economical treaties and agreements attached and run by the eu . 
  it is for the best of both sides that as many of them are re-instated as fast as possible but it will cost us and them by the time its done . 
  so a brexit will hurt both sides , but the eu is what like 50 % of the uk 's exports and imports , while the uk is not as important for eu trade . 
  nah its mostly because the western countries are giving us a shit tonne of money and support . 
  and it makes sense since it much easier and cheaper to develop poor nations than to make developed countries even more developed . 
  also muslim migrants , most of them are being kept in refugee centers , they will either find a good paying job or be deported in some time . 
  the eu has come up with several decision in regards to the migrant crisis , the problem is : 1 . 
  the relocation program the juncker commission created is infective until something is done to curb the influx . 
  they are trying to find a way to curb it now , while they should have done the opposite - curb influx first , then deal with migrants in europe . 
  due to the uncentralized nature of the eu , it takes ages for anything to be done due to the wants and needs of 28 different political entities . 
  so there are in general issues with the eu idea . 
  it is too weak to do anything fast , therefore ineffective decisions take ages to reform . 
  but then there is the idea of a `` ever closer union '' which if followed will make the eu stronger , and therefore minimize the issues of a political union without federalization . 
  i dont think the eu idea is flawed , it is just currently at an awkward position where it is weaker than people think therefore blame it when it does not do things up to their expectations, 
  then people should base their arguments on that instead of participating in the `` eu sux '' circlejerk . 
  its like people blaming merkel for the relocation policy . 
  most people dont understand what is happening and are blaring out euro-sceptic bs at every opportunity . 
  my point was that when your government makes a mistake you blame the person responsible . 
  when the eu makes a mistake everybody blames it as an ideology . 
  yeah i have n't been happy with the bulgarian government recently either . 
  lets scrap the government , its obviously too weak to lead or to do anything about the situation in the country . 
  its obviously not that the people in it are doing dumb things , its the whole system overall thats flawed . 
  i too support a two speed eu , but not the one that cameron proposed . 
  freedom of movement , taxes and all inner european policies should remain . 
  what we can remove is the political and legislative ties which i think is what most brits have an issue with . 
  this way the eurosceptic nations can stay behind while the rest of the union works towards a federal and centralized government . 
  i was looking at the budget per country on wikipedia , which would be revenue ( + loans ) yes . 
  there it said it was $ 85bn which is about the same as 70 bn euros . 
  10.6 bln is a little over 15 % of your budget . 
  no this is straight up money . 
  as you see in the other half of the title poland has already allocated 80 % of that for infrastructure work . 
  also about the 10.6 bn it was my mistake i was making it into 10s of billions like in the data for the budget . 
  its about $ 135bn and $ 850bn budget . 
   as in the past , poland will be the largest beneficiary of eu funds . 
  our country will get eur 106bn, 
  i converted the euros to $ before comparing , it comes up to 14 % . 
  the link i sourced is from the world bank which is pretty reputable and it shows different values from your chart . 
  the only relevant growth before joining the eu was from the early to mid nineties which is basically the country entering the capitalist world , most ( if not all ) ex communist countries experienced such a growth . 
  [ eu funds 2015 ] ( http://polska.pl/en/business-science/investments-projects/eu-funds-poland/ ) are 10.6 bn in eur and poland budget is $ 85bn ( based on wiki ) . 
  budget is budget if eu didnt give you the money you would have to spend it from your own pocket . 
  and no , [ it wasnt growing faster ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?page=2 ) before the eu . 
  yep , these rankings never take into account the level of industrialization of the country . 
  the uk , france , germany can be the second , third and fourth strongest militaries in the world in like 5 years if they wanted to . 
  if there were war western europe and the usa ( plus other westernised nations ) could just out-produce the rest of the world easily . 
  yeah i personally think poland is weaker than germany . 
  but there are some sources like [ the business insider ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/these-are-the-worlds-20-strongest-militaries-ranked-2015-9 ) who rank them as stronger . 
  yeah they are rapidly expanding their military . 
  their economy is growing extremely fast thanks to the eu ( 15 % of budget is eu funds ) and are able to allocate more funds to their military which they justify with russia 's actions in the past several years . 
  also their gdp is not that bad gdp ppp is almost 1 trillion . 
  spain 's is 1.5 trillion .
