  therefore , he is not a danger for europe , but one of our few hopes . 
  i sincerely hope that the greeks will turn syriza in the biggest party in the next elections . 
  yes fucking really . 
  that 's a great piece . 
  it 's putting all the major issues of what 's wrong with the current austerity madness concisely together . 
  thanks for linking . 
  a challenge to the downvoters : tell me what you find disagreeable with the proposed alternative strategy of tacking the crisis ? 
  but does n't that mean greece could actually stay in the euro when it 'd stop paying back ( and thereby automatically default ) ? 
  there 's no legal procedure for a euro-exit . 
  if germany and others can not force greece to leave by stopping their payments and greece does not need the money immediately , then it would be a helluva court-case for them to try it legally right ? 
  of course . 
  it 's just an example . 
  and greece has a lot of problems , obviously , it actually does not really have major export commodities . 
  but the point is that austerity is not going to work and only worsen things . 
  germany is desperately seeking to maintain its export surplus while simultaneously sucking out all the money out of the periphery ( / usury ) and imposing brutal austerity . 
  it 's fucking up europe . 
  and point is , germany has the power to actually fix europe , while the piigs obviously do n't . 
  hence , criticize germany . 
  well , i guess the argument is that germany by underpaying its labour is not making the eurozone more competetive absolutely , but is screwing over other eurozone countries relatively . 
  that this is where a big part of the imbalance comes from , that obviously can not be resolved by the peripheral countries on them own . 
  and then china , germany is not competing with them over wages anyway ( so they are not making the eurozone more competitive in an absolute manner ) , but in working on higher-tech specialized goods ( and with cars that sell there because of reputation and brand ) . 
  also , germany structurally underpaying its workforce also means that the demand germany creates is low , i.e. 
  german consumers end up buying less olive oil from greece . 
  instead of creating a bottom-up europe , lets seize the top instead . 
  turn it into a more social and democratic union . 
  more power to the parliament . 
  let people vote european parties into parliament that then create policy rather than the ec and ecb technocrats . 
  social democracy on a european rather than national level . 
  that 's my vision of europe ; there is no alternative . 
  it 's either that or barbarism . 
  thanks a lot . 
  it all makes more sense now . 
  from what i 've understood the bond-rates quoted here ( from that website i linked ) are of the secondary bond market . 
  when a country issues a bond it is an auction that usually gets close to the price of that secondary bond market . 
  is n't it a bit absurd though ? 
  that central banks of countries offer 1 % interest rates to private banks , while governments pay a much higher interest rate back to the private market ? 
  thanks . 
  i already guessing it is the bond rates that you have to look at . 
  france is a bit higher than the netherlands , germany and the us , but [ it 's at 3.5 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/government-bond-yield ) which is not too bad ( although , the question is whether the european core-countries will ever start growing again at a healthy 3 + % rate again in the future ... ) . 
  it 's just that i notice people being absolutely hysterical about ratings , bonds and the need balance the budgets . 
  in the netherlands in public debate people are absolutely fixated on the 3 % and the need for austerity . 
  merkozy 's holy austerity crusade is almost totally unquestioned even though there are plenty of economists ( and not just radicals and nich\u00e9 bloggers , but people like a krugman ) , and even the imf , arguing against it . 
  and i want to ask some more stupid questions ... what are the `` markets '' that buy these bonds you talk about ? 
  individuals , pension funds , other banks and countries ? 
  all these things right ? 
  and how does it work exactly ? 
  does a government look at its budget and then raise the bonds it needs to fill the gaps ? 
  just at a random occasion ? 
  do they then sell it automatically which then directly add money to their account ? 
  i mean , is it computerized as finance these days often is , or do they actively have to find buyers . 
  and does this selling of bonds then happen all the time or just once year ? 
  just asking as i wonder why i see the graphs seem to fluctuate all the time . 
  i 'm sure that it also regularly happens that they strike a deal with some institution ( country/bank/whatever ) that ignores the market price . 
  as in countries `` help '' each other with buying bonds for at a agreed lower price for example right ? 
  it can be part of political strategy with china consciously buying us bonds ? 
  can the us actually decide to not sell to certain countries or is that against the rules ? 
  and again , how does that work exactly , is it just some dude in beijing behind a computer that pushes a button and then buys millions of us bonds ? 
  or am i confusing different things here ? 
  it 's the end of merkozy and that 's a great thing . 
  what the ec and ecb has been doing the last 2 years has been totally disastrous socially for europe , but also for european capitalism in general . 
  it 's time to break hard with the merkozy craziness . 
  hollande is however still in the austerity camp though and i do n't foresee fundamental changes , but it 's a step in the right direction at least . 
  i enjoyed krugman 's analysis : [ `` sarkozy has a very clear idea of what he should be doing on economic policy , while hollande does n't . 
  and this is a reason to root for hollande . 
  '' ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/04/21/a-note-on-the-french-election/ ), 
  is this really true ? 
  i 've read that the interest rates for the core capitalist countries ( outside the `` piigs '' ) are at a historic low level as the financial markets have no idea how to get rid of their capital in the current economy . 
  the downgrade in the us for example did n't have any effect on the actual interest rate . 
  if necessary ( and i think it is ) it is a great time to increase for france to increase its debt a bit . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm not 100 % sure as i just spent 5 minutes looking on internet for the french interest rate , but i 'm not exactly sure what to look at ), 
  did n't expect i had to clarify myself twice . 
  it was a bit of snarky comment and the whole merkozy is a gigantic mess as well . 
  what i mean is corruption on the higher levels . 
  you know , like a government being influenced by out-of-control financial industries . 
  like with cameron falling out of the eu , because he does n't want to regulate the city , as his party is being financed by them . 
  i 'm not saying that at all . 
  there 's a lot of stuff wrong with the eu , but what is rather clear to me is that both the uk and eu have a lot more corruption up there high in the government ( from wall street and the city ) than any country in the eu . 
  and there rest of us are feeling the consequences from that . 
  so can we now officially add britain to the united states in the list of failed states ran by a corrupt financial elite that is crashing down the whole world ? 
  lyrics : i 'm a judeo-christian morality with a greco-roman intellect it 's the way we 're short-wired it 's a civilising force that demands respect - from the baltic to the straits of gibraltar a blue flag gold star sparks a brand new empire ours to build , ours the choice ~ i 'm in a european super state every citizen required to debate !, 
  ~ why are the proud descendants of plato paying off more debts accommodating nato ? 
  we the caretakers of democracy no longer tolerate this hypocrisy ~ baltic to the straits of gibraltar a blue flag gold star sparks a brand new empire ours to build , ours the choice ~ i 'm in a european super state ... ~ old europe ~ i 'm a judeo-christian ... 
  i 'm glad this whole show-trial is finally over and i do n't think it was a good thing to begin with . 
  i do however think there 's a good argument for constraining freedom of speech , because actually , constraining freedom of speech does not necessarily stop a politician from saying whatever he wants to convey . 
  if wilders wants to say that everyone with a muslim background should be deported from the netherlands , then , however miserable and impossible doing that would be , him conveying that belief is possible and should be possible . 
  i do n't think the charges in this trial were about this , the charges were instead about inciting hatred with particular one-liners about tsunamis of muslims and about `` cleaning the streets from headscarves '' ( which obviously has some nasty connotation in europe ) . 
  him being denied to say these things obviously would n't stop him from talking about the nastiest possible anti-muslim regulation that he 'd wish to implement . 
  it 's more on the use of language rather than on the meaning of what you 're actually saying . 
  for example , imagine a ban on the usage of certain curse words in parliament ( laws on that probably exist in britain i would guess ) . 
  stopping a politician from saying that prime-minister mark rutte is a fucking corrupt kankerleyer that has nasty neoliberal gay-sex with big multinationals , does n't stop a politician from expressing disagreement with him and doubting his personal character . 
  well , being ` outraged ' and becoming politically aware is a first thing . 
  if you look at the manifestos and articles produced by these movements so far , you do see a lot of real proposals . 
  most exciting activist movement of my lifetime so far . 
  i really hope it 'll keep growing and that the apathetic ( / more privileged and comfortable ) youth in ` northern ' europe will join in on this . 
  well , i wonder about this actually . 
  obama said he gave the order with the intent to capture him alive , but could that be a lie ? 
  i mean , i 'm no counter-terrorist expert , but unless your target suicides ( and osama is unlikely to ) , you should be able to capture him . 
  of course , the special ops may have shot him out of self-defence , but they surely have some techniques to stun/gas someone in order to capture alive . 
  i 've a theory that obama ( while saying it was his intend to capture him ) just gave the kill-on-sight order as it would cut down the whole trial controversy ( might actually quite hard to make the link to 9/11 . . ) and it makes obama look ` decisive ' and strong for the next elections . 
  anyway , it 's been months since i 've seen youtube footage that makes me feel so cold inside as seeing these young americans celebrate a fucking murder .
