  it nicely keeps us in our apathetic states and prevents us from changing things that our own governments are doing . 
  us being the ones living in countries with governments that actually have to capability to stop the suffering . 
  it 's all very convenient , is n't it ? 
  i 'm getting really tired of this nationalistic arguing on economy . 
  if one region or a country or anything is doing badly economicly , do n't you think it might have to do with things external to that region or country ? 
  like , lets look at africa of the last 50 years , these `` sovereign '' countries , would you really believe that an african country that has been doing badly is only because they did n't follow a sound financial policy , because those blacks have been lazy and their governments corrupt , or can you see that there are external factors that may have played a serious role in their underdevelopment ? 
  that 's how the global economy works , it 's interdependent . 
  now the eurozone is a bit more interdependent than that even , it 's a fucking monetary union for one . 
  is n't it then clear that greece may be in such a mess not just because of not following `` sound financial policy '' like the netherlands , or because of tax evasion etc , but that these factors are coming to the foreground now only because of more important underlying structural problems in the eurozone economy , which are external to greece ? 
  ca n't you see that one 's gain ( the western world or in this case german businesses/banks ) can come at another one 's expense ( the third world or in this case the `` piigs '' ) ? 
  is n't it then fucking clear that this moralistic talk of having to pay your debts is fucking bullshit ? 
  i for one am dutch and i am sick of the way the german government ( together with the other core-countries ' governments ) is keeping the european people hostage by using this crisis to push through neoliberal austerity that is destroying our ( not just the greek 's ) social securities . 
  only self-hating greeks are allowed to write op-eds in the nyt . 
  i do n't have much time so i wo n't elaborate too much . 
  i do believe humanity is able to organize themselves in a radically different social-economic system , but that 's not concrete obviously . 
  but more concrete steps that i do think is possible is to reverse the race to increasingly lower labour costs of the last 30 years . 
  and you would have to do that on a european ( and global ) level . 
  so first the eu would have to become democratic . 
  more power to the eu parliament and let them be formed into parties that are directly elected by the european people ( so people choose european rather than national parties ) . 
  start thinking about a european minimum wage ( relative to the standard of living in the different eu countries ) . 
  use the ilo and other un/global institutions to higher social and environmental standards . 
  if countries do not cooperate , place tariffs to take `` externalities '' into account , so tariffs commodities produced in environmental ways or sweatshop labour for example . 
  those are just some ideas . 
  i always liked the idea of [ deglobalization ] ( http://www.fpif.org/articles/the_virtues_of_deglobalization ) . 
  there are many different ways . 
  there are thousands of alternatives . 
  the socialist party in france can barely be called ` socialist ' or even left , espescially when you compare that same party with the one of mitterand a couple of decades ago . 
  it 's the same in the netherlands and ( i think ) all other european countries . 
  the dutch labour party 's 1977 program was more radical than the dutch socialist party ( that is described as `` extreme '' left ) or syriza or probably pretty much any other leftist party in europe . 
  and that program gave them the highest election result of any single party ever in the netherlands . 
  monbiot is right . 
  the parties have turned to the right . 
  our elected representatives of the old left parties all became neoliberals . 
  public choice on macro-economic policy has been ceded away to the eu and global institutions as the wto and imf ; and as a result we 're all just puny little subjects to the powers of the global markets . 
  it 's time to take it back and reclaim democracy over economy . 
  high five . 
  molotov cocktail . 
  these profilers are very popular during elections in the netherlands , but i hate how the questions are framed and i can not truly express how i feel about europe and socioeconomic issues . 
  i 'm kind struggling to explain what my issue with it exactly is , but i think it 's just that they take over all the questions that play in the mainstream media , while the problem is that the media ( especially in the netherlands ) ignore many of the deeper fundamental issues , that are then also not incorporated in a questionnaire like this . 
  dutch is fucking ugly . 
  afrikaans and flemish on the other hand ... can fall in love with those girls just because how they sound . 
  i love the sound of russian . 
  polish and ukrainian for the same reason too . 
  it 's got awesome sounding curses and can sound totally macho'ish , but also extremely sweet . 
  they sound horrible whenever they try to speak english though . 
  a girl speaking english with a russian accent is a total downer . . for outside europe i like thai a lot . 
  it 's got so many funny words ( and combinations ) . 
  the female `` kaaa '' at the end always cheers me up . 
  i disagree , i think it is neoliberalism that is truly utopian . 
  because what exactly is this end game you would envision ? 
  is this truly the final goal we as humanity can achieve , is there nothing better ? 
  to be endlessly dragging ourselves down to become more competitive ? 
  you really think that this will lead to a point where there 's a world 's labour force of 5 + billion people employed in 9 to 5 jobs and where everyone is able to live on a decent standard of living ? 
  that to me seems like the real utopianism . 
  it just does n't work . 
  think about it , neoliberal reforms in order to become more competitive by lowering labour costs also lower the world 's total capitalist investment , as the market becomes smaller due to lower demand ( because workers can buy less ) . 
  individual regions and countries \u00b4 manufactures may increase production by following a neoliberal agenda due to a reduction in labour costs , but it comes at the expense of the rest of the world . 
  stagnating wages ( relative to productivity and even inflation ) and flexibilization of the labour market with `` mini-jobs '' may have been quite successful for germany , but it comes at the expense of the rest of europe . 
  it 's a race-to-the-bottom basically and it 's the utopian aspect of neoliberalism that they never think through the bigger picture of their reforms . 
  interesting that you mention georgia though . 
  i 'm no expert on it , but had a good georgian friend who never ever had anything good to say about her country . 
  you know , i agree . 
  on the opposite of the political spectrum , many people including me object to the use of communism , socialism or marxism with regard to the soviet union in the same way . 
  words are often abused . 
  i do think that neoliberalism , even in the perfect ideal way , is utterly disastrous though . 
  actually , no . 
  but there 's simply a lot of similarity . 
  in the weimar period germany was forced to pay back debt to foreign powers and opted for austerity rather than public spending . 
  the misery imposed on the german people created the conditions ... and it makes a lot of sense to remind people of that right now . 
   especially when this problem is entirely the fault of greece itself that is simply bullshit . 
  greece is a mess and has been for a while , but the crisis did not start in greece and the eurozone mess comes from structural problems that not only greece is facing . 
  and i am not sure to what extent giving out loans with ridiculous interest rates with conditions for pro-cyclical austerity in order to keep up your own banks from falling constitutes as `` helping '' . 
  you can reject the `` shock '' if that is sounding to negative to you ( although the american advisers after the cold war used that term themselves ) , but fact is that opening up countries for foreign capital , privatization , removal of trade barriers and turning everything into markets constitutes as neoliberalism . 
  you are being offended by the usage of `` neoliberalism '' as a boogeyman term , instead of embracing and defending it . 
  i actually agree with you that neoliberalism does not necessarily entail top-down corruption as in ukraine . 
  my own country is neoliberal as fuck and there 's nothing like the kind of corruption as your country . 
  and yes , the neoliberal reforms led to prosperity for some . 
  poland as a whole is certainly not worse of . 
  but there 's insecurity and suffering for many as well . 
  the reforms after the fall of the soviet union could have been done differently , with less privatization and the wild west of the 90s that came with it , in a way with more equality and social justice . 
  if you disagree , fine . 
  are you going to address my other points as well besides downvoting me for being a `` naomi-klein '' fan ( i actually do not think i am ) and calling her an ignoring red diapper moron for whatever reason . 
  the people do not decide their outcome . 
  what happens to greece is decided by people who do not live in greece . 
  if they were truly able to decide then rejecting not-working austerity would n't lead to ejection . 
  but if those outside greece in power continue with what they say , whatever happens lead to misery . 
  the only choice the greeks have is to comply with their misery or articulate a well-deserved `` fuck you '' to the eurocrats by voting syriza . 
  and the idea of economic recovery through austerity is utopian anyways . 
  i do n't get what you 're saying at all . 
  austerity has led to social-collapse , which often leads to extremist groups becoming popular , it is in fact exactly what explains the rise of the real nazis back in the 30s . 
  and i think you misunderstand neoliberalism and what it entails . 
  and in what way have the eurocrats ever been communists or communist sympathizers ? 
  and even if they have , that would n't it be so much of a stretch right ? 
  you 're ukrainian , so i 'm sure you are aware that it were the so-called `` communists '' in ukraine , the ones of the old soviet regime and their friends , that benefited most of the neoliberal shock doctrine in the 90s ? 
  the reason that ukraine is still such a fucking mess to this day . 
  with state property being given away for nearly nothing to people with the right friends ( like current yanukovich ) , right ? 
  it does not matter who is in power in greece , those with the power to resolve the crisis for the good of the greek population and europe are not living in greece . 
  austerity or default : both will lead to misery for the greeks . 
  at least tsipras is articulating what needs to be said and is expressing the anger of the greeks . 
  he is doing that on an european level and europe needs that .
