yeah , having little marches together on sunday afternoon in a park will surely make the european elites listen to you . 
  yes , because if we would only cut enough social spending , labour rights and wages , we would start being competitive again versus china and businesses would come back again . 
  or activists . 
  dissenting idealists ... 
  that was [ sepeltura ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6odnxy3yopu ) heh . 
  not my sort of thing , but quite the classic really . 
  thing is though , when it 's white construction workers doing it , it 's being glorified : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=sehbqi-vbpo, 
  wow , this almost sounds exactly the same as the netherlands , except that our most leftist socialist party seems to be increasingly compromising ( no way they would talk about the fundamentals of capitalism ) and our social-democrats seem to be slowly getting slightly less neoliberal . 
  the right-wing governments also had historically higher deficits than the more left-wing ones , but for some reason they are framed as being more economically responsible . 
  i sort of feel that in the netherlands and scandinavian countries there 's a trend towards a more right-wing population , as the neoliberal way of thinking has become really dominant for the newer generations . 
  i do have the hope these things can quickly change . 
  but there does seem to be a lot of apathy compared to the 80s and compared to the youth in southern europe . 
  was n't planning to watch it , but somehow saw the beginning and then kept it on until the end . 
  what i find interesting is that china went all hyper-nationalistic with its ceremony , while britain celebrates the proletariat . 
  i thought the history part was pretty good , showing the suffering and playing satanic mills , and then those rings forming up . 
  it did miss any colonial history or the ruthless imperialism , but i it 's supposed to be a celebration . 
  and then the nhs part . 
  is n't that a slap in the face for the tory government ? 
  if so , pretty cool . 
  these ceremonies are always about stupid nationalism , with its military celebration , monarchy bullshit . 
  guess you ca n't do without it , but to then see the nhs and the industrial revolution history is almost as good as it gets i suppose . 
  the love-story thing with the texting was fucking horrible and embarrassing however , although the girl was pretty cute . 
  the music was alright , some nice choices . 
  i do n't mind dizzee rascal too much , but it is a bit of a weird choice , why not get the spice girls or something ? 
  and hooray for the saluting guy during the german walk-in . 
   globalist genocidal cultural marxism lol , go do your thing on an island full of children will you ? 
  exactly . 
  i was also really surprised to read about this , as the dutch leftist socialist party would never say this sort of thing . 
  i 'd love to hear someone that knows more on danish politics on this . 
  [ frisian anthem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ztllwhy-q8 ) . 
  beats the dutch one in my opinion . 
  and of course better than any national anthem could possibly be : [ the internationale ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az731ar_sby ), 
  more than 20 % of the entrepeneurs and managers voted golden dawn . 
  interesting . 
  i always wonder if these guys are either just very cynical or whether they actually really are living on a different planet . 
  fully agreed . 
  i have n't read wall street yet myself though . 
  what i like most is how respectful he is to all guests , trying to get the best out of them without imposing his own view on the discussion . 
  i do n't remember how i first heard of the behind the news podcasts , but it was hard to find out where he stands politically . 
  even with really mainstream economics , like a fucking jeffrey sachs ( or the planet money guy two weeks ago ) , he just fully adapts to it . 
  it basically took me 20 + hours of listening to his voice to find out that he declares himself to be a marxist haha . 
  oh , nice to see that linked here . 
  i can recommend everyone here to listen to doug henwood 's radio-show by the way . 
  he 's a great knowledgeable interviewer and consistently has very interesting guests . 
  been listening to him for a year now and now also digging into the earlier shows in the archive . 
   and now that it fails , it 's germany 's fault . 
  i think this sentiment , shared by many germans , is the core problem here . 
  people are not blaming germany for the crisis , at least i 'm not . 
  people are pointing at germany and its government right now - because - they are the most powerful country in the eurozone and have the ability to actually fix the eurocrisis , but are instead using the crisis to impose neoliberal crisis management in the eurozone-periphery . 
  i mean , the dutch government is probably even worse and more obstructive in actually fixing the eurocrisis , but it 's a small country and therefore does n't get as much attention . 
  this article and this sentiment in general reminds me of americans feeling butthurt whenever someone criticizes their policymakers ( specifically people working for washington consensus institutions as the imf and wb ) , not understanding that their country gets so much flack precisely because it 's so powerful and influential . 
  with great power comes great responsibility and all that . 
   i 'm curious as to why the right was so oblivious . 
  it is primary an economic matter , but the numbers do n't add up . 
  supposedly , capitalism is the right 's privileged field , but they failed spectacularly . 
  the biggest capitalism apologists usually understand capitalism the least . 
  right now they 're just sticking with the neoliberal dogma of the status quo . 
  they do n't . 
  one of them is an avid reader of faz at least . 
  i do n't read those papers myself obviously , it 's just when i told them i was going to blockupy in frankfurt they were surprised and came up with the usual bullshit arguments against me , even though they themselves go to big demonstrations such as the g8 tops and cop in copenhagen . 
  i primarily read the guardian online myself and think they 're doing alright with the eurocrisis ( inviting costas lapavistas for q&a etc ) , even though they can get pretty bad too yeah . 
  german businesses are loving the low euro right now . 
  it 's pretty crazy how the most reasonable comments are being downvoted . 
  i 'm sometimes not really sure whether the / r/europe hivemind is for or against austerity . 
  i think the problem is that the the national media in germany and other core-economies is so fucking horrible and one-sided , that even rags like the economist become a voice of reason opposed to dogmatic neoliberal austerity . 
  i 've got german politically conscious progressive friends and they were completely clueless about the eurocrisis repeating the same lies . 
  it 's funny because i used to be praising the german media for dealing with all sorts of issues and being much less shallow and right-wing than the dutch media ( actually , that still might be true ) , having intellectuals debate politicians on tv etc. 
  but now with the eurocrisis there 's barely any public dissent except from perhaps die linke . 
  is it so hard to understand that the bail outs for for example greece do show solidarity with the greek people , but rather solidarity with deutsche bank , ing etc. 
  after 2 years people still do n't fucking get it . 
  and calling out godwins law whenever someone is supposedly invoking godwins law by talking about germany 's past is becoming much more of a godwins law than godwins law itself . 
  there 's much to be learned from the interbellum period when nations were clinging to the gold-standard , imposing misery on the people , and the consequences of putting up countries with massive debts that they can not pay back . 
  i 'm tired of people being so butthurt about it . 
  it 's as if i 'm watching harlan county usa . 
  good stuff . 
  look , what i mean with nationalistic arguing on economy is this whole idea that whenever a country 's economy is doing good or bad is entirely because of internal factors , ignoring that their economy may be either doing better or worse at the expense or gain of another country . 
  it 's basically ignoring the politics behind it all . 
  the africa example is just a proof of this , although a lot of the western driven development agenda there is also all about blaming the victims and ignoring the politics and the wider historic perspective . 
   however , i do n't see why those external factors should n't affect finland , slovenia , estonia etc just as much for example , but they are not in as much trouble as greece , at all , or are you saying it 's a grand conspiracy towards greece ? 
  no , of course not . 
  and no , not all countries are facing exactly the same external factors obviously . 
   i do n't think it 's moralistic to ask people to pay your debt . 
  i do think everyone should pay their debt . 
  if that makes me a moralist , so be it . 
  i suppose you want to tear the whole economic system down , and go back to bartering or something , but as long as we have this system that we are having , it is built upon interest rates and borrwing . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't borrow . 
  there is nothing wrong with being a moralist , the problem here is that the pay-your-debt moralism is fucking wrong . 
  and you 're being simple and crude . 
  the choices that could 've been made are not between either paying back high-interest loans with austerity conditions or tearing down the whole economic system . 
  and bartering was n't the dominant economic system before our current market society , that 's a common myth , so that 's not something you can return to . 
  for the european oligarchs you mean ? 
   for example a big reason why many african states failed after their independence was following socialism based economic development programs and not western endorsed free market capitalism . 
  haha . 
  right . 
  western interference ( propping up dictatorships , occasionally even assassinating elected leaders of a country - e.g. 
  patrice lumumba ) in order to support their own corporations and businesses prevented any african country to successfully pursue some kind `` socialism '' , or to even pursue the kind of social-democratic policies that turned finland into one of the world 's best liveable countries . 
  it is rather tragic that even scandinavians are following this over-the-top neoliberal dogma , ignoring how their very own well-being has been dependent on government interference in the past . 
   i would also like to point out that by lifting the blame from people and states , it only drives a point of victimization : that some countries and people are victims , that they do n't have capability to change things . 
  and this in my opinion is very harmful as it passives whole countries from actively engaging and trying out their best . 
  blindly blaming the victims for what they are suffering through rather than analysing what is truly going is of course much more soothing to our conscience .
