  that sounds like `` only a good guy with a gun '' type of argument to me . 
  just dont buy it . 
  i agree that there has been a massive failure here in regards to ukraine , but not signing a the npt would not be the answer . 
  so because of the rash actions of vladimir putin you are discounting there is any basis for diplomatic traties , other than nato , and defending the profilation of nuclear weapons ? 
  thank you for your time . 
  neither did i. i 'm saying that the situation in the middleast with israel and its neighbors ( including iran ) are a lot more complex and far from being as clear cut as the situation arising in ukraine . 
  i 'm trying unhitch your cart from the ukranian horse , so to speak . 
  you mean other than what was obviously implied , that he was born in an era where privatly held banking institutions are the real owner of most peoples assets ? 
  are n't you basicly saying that israel has nukes and ridiculing the assumtion of in the same post ? 
  being that israel is often the agressor in it 's conflicts and the very different nature of that/those conflicts i think it 's a pointless comparison when talking about ukraine and russia . 
  my grandpa bought his own house and farm , which he owned , outright . 
  the bank owns my father 's house . 
  who are the thieves ? 
  why do we need them again ? 
  i dont know why you are getting downvotes , your concerns are perfectly legitimate . 
  well this is good news , if you took my tip to dump your money in to gazprom stock yesterday . 
  not so good news if you are ukranian . 
  momentum trading , not investing , 
  well , the voilatility is what we are hoping to exploit . 
  if i had done the trade i would have traded in yesterday , then watched it very carefully today , dumping if it started dropping . 
  i think a good stoploss after the initial increase , would have been around the 122,50 mark . 
  back up 5 % in the opening today . 
  amen !, 
  i 'd rather have these types of stand-offs and political wagering , over total-war and battlefields with millions of dead soldiers . 
  this feels so bizarre and detached . 
  this is putin playing games , he ca n't allow the sactions as they will be way to costly . 
  he 'll find a way around it . 
  ( fammouslastwords ) with some margin this could be a pretty decent payday . 
  damn , thats going to bounce back for sure . 
  has to be a massive overcorrection . 
  this could be a quick and dirty trade with a pretty good upside . 
  edit : https://www.google.com/finance?q=mcx%3agazp&amp;ei=1igvu7c2pkwpwaobgwe rebounded . 
  up 5 % this morning, 
  ah kind of like norways torbj\u00f8rn jagland . 
  you know , the one that gave the peace prize to obama , for . . ehm . . 
  i completly agree with that . 
  gains or losses are not realized until you trade in or out . 
  only if you choose to realize your losses today , would that stament actually be true . 
  is common saying tho , and it gives some context if you are not to familliar with markets , even if it technically is a bit misleading . 
  discussion is good . 
  it can clarify things . 
  hostility tends to polarize any discussion and serves to the opposite end . 
  you know your shit . 
  good stuff . 
  would read again . 
  everthing is clearer with some context , we agree fully . 
  well . 
  yes . 
  just need to underline , kinmix probably have the best of intentions here , but his statement is fundamentally wrong . 
  9 % correction within a day is historical . 
  its a gigantic correction , probably one of the biggest single day movements on record for the russian stockmarket . 
  this will be refferenced in textbooks . 
  tldr : not only is it something to write home about , it 's one for the history books . 
  9 % movement within a day is huge . 
  do n't hold back waterspiller , let the hate flow through you . 
  there is much power in the darkside . 
  the nerve !, 
  frp did horribly , they lost 18 mandates . 
  they where the political party that lost the most votes . 
  they managed to secure a political alliance taking them in to government , but to say they did well is an overstatement . 
  ap is a moderate party in the center and probably the political party in norway closest to the coalition leader h\u00f8yre . 
  breivik might have claimed to be political but it is very clear that above all he was an extreme narcissist and antisocial asshole of epic proportions . 
  i 'm certainly no fan of frp but these endless attempts to try and connect the new coalition to the ut\u00f8ya massacre is beyond cheap . 
  politicizing the massacre is disgusting in almost any context . 
  i wonder if r/swarje will like this one ? 
  herring aaaand salty liquorice ? 
  the nordics will be queuing up . . 
  norway : [ r\u00f8kelaks with scrambled eggs ] ( http://loppehjemmet.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/dsc00437.jpg ) , [ pinnekj\u00f8tt ] ( http://mammaskokebok.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/pinnekjott.jpg ) and [ norwegian springwater ] ( http://www.ngu.no/imagearchive/87/v%c3%b8ringsfossen-lite.jpg ) . 
  coming from a swede that means a lot . 
  we call him tugen , for short . 
  i kind of addicted to streetview and it 's actually pretty common to find those . 
  how can you dispute ? 
  a lot of big internationals are setting up in poland and have already . 
  especially after ireland turned the income tax back on in the end of 2007 ( before the housing crash ) . 
  i 've been around the language work circuit in europe and i can tell you today its almost as easy to find a job like this in poland as it is in ireland , and that 's saying a whole lot . 
  guinness , knackers , hurling , tea , potatoes . 
  hey at least you were n't neutrals . 
  primates do share alot of traits , so verdict is `` understandable '' ? 
  i 'm confused . . 
  you are a lot like norway , just with less fjords but higher mountains , less samis but more maories . 
  like the others said italian citizenship means you can work anywhere in the eu , including the [ efta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_free_trade_association#membership_history ) countries http://www.toplanguagejobs.co.uk/ mainly call center and other types of language jobs . 
  might be a good place to start . 
  ok , i have no idea about the internal situation with the romanies , i 'm just saying that this is where the much of the bad press comes from . 
  most europeans have some sort of personal experience with this , or have read about it in their local newspaper . 
  that 's easy . 
  its because most major european economies have had issues with groups of romania on summer robbery sprees and groups of romanies occupying everything from parks to roundabouts , beggars that are obviously trying to manipulate you either by using children or even faking disabilities , filing outrages demands to the host country . 
  its not ( just ) prejudice , not all romanies are thieves and beggars , but its that these negative stereotypes are being constantly perpetuated by real world example !, 
  social democratic party in sweden must be loving this . 
  it will guarantee them even more votes in the next election , and other parties locking them out of the crisis meetings will only further sd 's cause . 
  i do n't have any party affiliation in sweden , but this thing is like to give the growing sd even more momentum and power . 
  the left wing are just continuously shooting themselves in the foot trying to deal with it . 
  sepp blatter is cancer . 
  if cancer could get cancer , that 's the kind of cancer that is sepp blatter . 
  having lived in ireland for a few years i 'm not surprised . 
  they are very much a people that adopt a `` live and let live '' policy . 
  and yet that is exactly what you are doing . 
  / r/european is leaking . 
  haha . 
  but not really quite that simple , traditional dress or better described as folk costume are garments worn ceremoniously , usual in some sort of national or regional celebration . 
  in large they are romanticized version of peasant clothing of the previous decades .
