nato is in effect what makes sweden a very safe place to be . 
  you might as well help the rest of us pay for it . 
  you can really tell this thing has changed in nature . 
  when i was a kid this thing was something for everyone , the tv rights where organized so that the free-view channels could show the entire event , no pay walls . 
  now you need to get some expensive digital ticket to watch it ... tthe ioc is proving them selves to be so misguided that it would be hilarious if it was n't so sad . . good luck trying to keep the olympic spirit alive when ioc no longer have any idea what it is . 
  yeah for sure i think you are right . 
  this still makes the wrong kind of incentive . 
  i cant think this will do anything but hurt liberia in the long run and waste our oil kroner in the short term . 
  imagine if they contracted this money in to building infrastructure instead . 
  developing the countries economy , rather than some pay off that will disappear in a thousand streams . 
  it is in a way , like paying these countries to not develop . 
  you are assuming that our policies make sense and that they have an [ appropriate level of oversight . 
  good job norway . 
  i predict this will have close to zero effect on the rate of deforestation . 
  northern norwegians are pretty friendly and welcoming , the pints are till triple tho , but then again the wages are double , so not all bad . 
  sweden , ireland . 
  to gain access to massive state capital to develop their oil reserves , pay of their foreign debt , and to rid them selves of the handful of corrupt chieftains the control the country ? 
  you could argue that these legislators are ... ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) fucking assholes . 
  why do people even care . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  because fuck the colorblind . 
  i think ignoring it is absolutely the wrong thing to do . 
  not everyone can see through this kind of rhetoric . 
  the ones who can ( imo ) have a responsibility to protest it , and expose it for the hateful irrational bullshit it really is . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  i do n't expect to change the world by making one post , but maybe i can help change r/europe if i keep at it . 
  and that being said , where is it people go to discuss politics these days , where are our beer-halls ? 
  i 'd say its right here in virtual spaces on the internet . 
  so i think its not worthless , or futile , to express your opinions and to engage dickheads like rr , i think its well worth the little effort it takes . 
  the problem with you is that just about everything you say is racist , but sometimes gives the illusion that it 's not . 
   just ignore them because a reasonable debate is impossible . 
  i am of the opinion that simply ignoring something is the wrong thing to do . 
  i think its important to speak up and protest , if only to provide some sort of balance . 
  if we just ignore it it gives the illusion of acceptance , and we need to make it clear that for most of us , that is absolutely not the case . 
  so why not scribble down a quick reply and a fuck you before moving on . 
  perhaps not , but i strongly disagree with them . 
  so i voice my opinion , why else would i be on a forum if not to give my opinions . 
  should you only be vocal when you agree , or when someone misspells a wor ? 
  why is it so wrong to protest racism ? 
  not accusing you or anything but i just do n't understand your concern . 
  what you read here are real thoughts and real opinions . 
  i want them ( your opinions ) exposed for the hateful irrational dribble it is . 
  and if you keep being happy ignoring it , you can be guaranteed nothing will change . 
  you suggested that by adopting a `` gypsy '' and thus removing nurture from the equation you would still be unable to turn him/her from begging and pissing in the corners . 
  your views are disgusting . 
  you do n't see how this is the slipperiest of slopes ? 
  you need historical examples how this sort of thinking tends to get out of hand ? 
  because one is dangerous pseudo-science that can easily lead to some very frightening conclusions with often horrific solutions . 
  the other one is a subjective opinion that suggests that whatever is wrong with said culture is possible for an individual to overcome . 
  yes i would accept it , it 's a subjective opinion . 
  it might even be rational if you argued it properly . 
  maybe i should n't label / u/ramblinrambo , but i can certainly label his opinions . 
  his post about potty training roma 's is clearly hateful , and irrational . 
  i believe this is due to finnish macho culture , not some sort of genetic predisposed tendency to being politically backwards . 
  i do n't see any double standards here . 
  if you read my post you will see that i am not calling for censorship , i am asking people to object to your hateful opinions rather than simply ignoring them . 
  this exactly . 
  i believe we can discuss these things and voice our opinions without resorting to pseudo-scientific claims on genetics . 
  sure , so am i. i also enjoy objecting the objectionable instead of simply passing it by . 
  well it 's really more about you calling people junk , and claiming that you cant potty train a roma . 
  if you check my posts i have a history on voicing my opinions on this topic . 
  you provide an excellent example for discussing the meta in r/europe, 
  the racist remark is for other people , the irrational idiot is for you . 
  i 'm running around calling you an irrational idiot . 
  and a racist . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/265i1k/florida_man_cooked_to_death_in_scalding_shower_as/chnyyfy thank you for coming in and volunteering more good examples . 
  edit : the post in questions has been deleted , likely by the subs moderators . 
  / u/racoonh8 wrote this : `` had n't you still realised pattern , that absolute majority of fucked ups in florida are related with . . 
  niggers ? '', 
  again you have manged to extract my exact meaning from what i have written . 
  your copy paste function seems to be malfunctioning . 
  that 's not a quote , that 's paraphrasing . 
  all good subs will sit down and discuss the meta at times . 
  its how community moderating works best . 
  being fueled by irrational hatred does n't in any way diminish what he is saying ? 
  calling people garbage , saying you ca n't pottytrain a roma ? 
  i 'm not a troll . 
  i 'm a concerned citizen of r/europe . 
  i would rather this place did n't become a stage for neo-nazis to express their hateful opinions . 
  shining a light in to dark corners so to speak . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  you have excellent reading comprehension . 
  just wait . 
  in before / u/ramblinrambo starts spouting his nazi stormfront garbage . 
  hey john . 
  fuck you !, 
  why ? 
  please ask why . 
  finnland is by far the most backwards country in northern europe . 
  alcoholics , homophobics , racists , sexists , all still accepted in finnland . 
  the shining beacon . 
   well why do n't you adopt yourself your own little pet gypsies and see how it goes when you try to teach them to behave civil , not piss in the corners , steal , beg and all other things they are up to . 
  just when i though it could n't get much worse you spout this little gem . 
  you really are the worst kind of racist asshole . 
  is n't there some stormfront forum you could join so we do n't have to see this shit ? 
  you my friend are an irrational fucking moron . 
  lovely side effect of untreated add . 
  it 's an evil irrational racist douche bag . 
  [ * poke * ] ( http://www.whiteninjacomics.com/images/contact-fish.gif ), 
  also from what you 've learned to know of me so far , do you really think trying to belittle me and more cheap domination tactics is going to bite ?
