  here 's what i think , if i keep pissing in your coffee , eventually its going to taste like piss . 
  i 'll grow tired on it eventually , in the mean time it 's a good way to act out my ocd and anger issues so they do n't boil over in other aspects of my life . 
  ramblinrambo also called me a hippie and a leftist . 
  which i absolutely can not just swallow . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/260a0q/how_immigrants_are_changing_swedens_welfare_state/chmyn06 he is masking himself quite well at times , but sometimes the mask slips , and its abundantly clear that he is a fucking stormfront nazi libertarian asshole out to poison the young minds of reddit . 
  im a nationalist and a patriot . 
  i am saving scandinavia from you and your kind . 
  one reddit post at a time . 
  ah well see there we agree . 
  i 'm just following ramblinrambo around reddit , harassing him for his fucked up viewpoints . 
  `` keeping out arabs and other junk trying to sneak in to europe '' is a direct quote . 
  ill find a permalink for you just one sec . 
  i thought my harassment was quite varied . 
  and i am be no means a leftist , i 'm just a guy who thoroughly enjoy pissing in your morning coffee , so to speak . 
  now to be fair i 've only quoted you twice on that previously . 
  i have only called you the fucking blueprint of lowbrow right wing xenophobic asshole once tho . 
  ( well twice now ), 
   so some people grasp for this `` hope '' and `` idea '' that europe once again took a step back from globalisation and put more effort in securing their jobs and their welfare . 
  and keeping out arabs and other junk trying to sneak in to europe . 
  amiright ? 
  edit : this is a direct quote from ramblinrambo . 
  indeed . 
  i though since we where already making illogical statements it was basically a free for all . 
  fact based numbers . 
  they are n't necessarily factual , but based on facts . 
  which could mean they are in expression total fabrications . 
  no way to know for sure . 
  only allah knows for certain . 
  if you are going to make claims on who survives and or not , survival of the fittest , you might want to research what actually constitutes fit in human evolution . 
  hint : an underdeveloped frontal cortex and poor sense of empathy is not it . 
  if only there was some sort of national defense you join and be a part of , to organize against the coming cultural war . 
  some organization with clear easy to understand ideas , simple and effective organizational structure , and with awesome logos . 
  read ramlinrambos post history . 
  he is a racist rightwing extremist . 
  he is delusional and irrational , no way to have a reasonable debate with him . 
  if that seems appropriate to you , by all means , cry your eyes out . 
   but you my friend are the fucking blueprint of lowbrow right wing xenophobic asshole . 
  no i 'm a realist that looks at numbers . 
  numbers do n't lie , people do . 
   i do n't need to try to dominate , you we 're born as a bitch so that comes automatically and you 've done pretty good at being a bitch . 
  such cohearence . 
  much sense . 
  wow, 
  you are assuming that these problems are caused by cultural friction alone . 
  and yes , you are adding your own idiotic interpretations to what i 'm saying . 
  such as , social democratic ideas are the basis of most political parties in scandinavia . '', 
  we are all social democrats '' . 
  that 's misrepresentations , and oversimplification . 
  typical hippie talk ? 
  are you 12 years old ? 
  at least we are not resorting to cheap domination tactics in this discussion . 
  i 'm anything but a stereotypical hippie , but you my friend are the fucking blueprint of lowbrow right wing xenophobic asshole . 
  being skeptical of foreign cultural influence and religious `` cults '' , might earn you the label `` cautious '' . 
  calling them `` arabs and other junk '' earns you the distinction of being a racist fucking idiot . 
  i have said plenty of other things . 
  but i am met with misrepresentation of my statements and gross oversimplification of complex issues . 
  i thought the fact that you where an irrational racist was actually an important thing to point out . 
  using the power of your singular focus and flawed logic no doubt . 
  empircal method ? 
  hippie talk . 
   he 's not sneaking it in . 
  it 's clear as day . 
  he means arabs and other forms of junk from the middle east pouring in to europe . 
  ramblinrambo is a fucking racist and the worst consequence of the failing immigration policy is assholes like him getting peoples ear . 
  do n't fall for this simplistic strongman bullshit . 
   `` he 's not sneaking it in . 
  it 's clear as day . 
  he means arabs and other forms of junk from the middle east pouring in to europe . '', 
  you are a fucking racist . 
  you need to read some evolutionary psychology . 
  cheap analogies are far from sufficient to explain the complexity of human evolution and and human society . 
  yes , the world is a cold and hard place where only the strong survive . 
  holistic view points are for pussies !, 
  you are correctly quoting me , and then deliberately misrepresenting my statement in the next sentence . 
  great argument . 
  good night . 
  i apologize for the inflammatory remarks , but i believe using an argument such as `` we do n't owe shit '' represents a way of thinking that will harm the scandinavian welfarestates far more than a failing immigration policy . 
  you should remeber that these policies have been in place since the 70ies , a period of time where the scandinavian welfare-states have expanded quite a bit . 
  so you could easily argue that to a certain point these policies have been very successful . 
  i think you misunderstand the concept of solidarity , and underestimate how powerful an idea it has been in building scandinavian society . 
  i thought we where talking scandinavia . 
  and here , social democratic ideas are the basis of even most of the right wing parties . 
  i do n't much care for your thinking and i believe you and i shall never find any common ground . 
  so , i will discontinue arguing with you . 
  they do n't own shit to the rest of the world . 
  so this statement is ok for you ? 
  there is a wast difference in accepting that we have a flawed immigration policy , to this kind of isolationistic statement . 
  we do share responsibility for everyone in the global community , but we are not helping anyone by opening our borders to people , without offering them any opportunities once they are here . 
  this kind of simplistic , egotistical bullshit is the one of the biggest risks we run by upholding the continued toilet-paper-roll view many scandinavian policy makers have when looking on immigration . 
  these kind of statements is the end of the welfare society , the very thing we want to preserve . 
  `` we do n't owe shit '' . 
  imagine hearing that as an argument at social democratic rally . 
  i do n't imagine the welfare-state surviving for long after that 's accepted as valid . 
  slippery slope ? 
  they are here . 
  it is home . 
  i do n't think its correct that the welfare states of scandinavia has been declining since the 90ies . 
  rather we are constantly the top 3 in all kinds of statistics trying to show what countries are the best to live in . 
  the problem is accepting more people to come here , when we are currently unable to offer them the opportunity to partake in this society . 
  it becomes a 2nd segment of society where the general opportunity and prosperity offered to the rest is not available .
