  thanks , i listened to it on my return commute today . 
  much appreciated . 
  thanks , this is exactly what i 'm looking for . 
  nobody understand danish . 
  yes they are . 
  and to suggest anything else is politicial , professional and social sucide . 
   i think that it is unacceptable for us women to be recommended to decrease the extent of our space in society and not move completely free . 
  the recommendation should be aimed at the men , who should be told to behave . 
  see this is utterly retarded . 
  there is more than a recommendation in place that men do not assault women . 
  there is a system of law and order and enforcement in place to prevent and punish such actions . 
  the problem however , is that there are people refusing to follow these laws . 
  i 'd wager that any recommendation will fall short of altering their behavior when the full force of the law is unable to do so . 
  the problem in sweden is made in part by fucking imbeciles like this making arguments that are based in moral and rhetoric and semantics , instead of honestly assessing a situation and make judgments on fact , statistics and actual events . 
  i applaud sweden for being willing to take in refugees . 
  it 's a great initiative . 
  but the situation has become absurd . 
  still today , the swedish public refuse to classify any of the people coming as migrants , because that 's the `` wrong position '' . 
  all the while 100.000 of thousands of syrians and other people coming from actual war zones , in need of protection , are being shut out because europe is swamped in economic migrants . 
  the denial and the insanity of the swedish left are directly contributing to a humanitarian disaster , and the collapse of law and order in sweden . 
  `` a dangerous area in \u00d6stersund '' . 
  something is seriously fucked up in the state of sweden when that sentence is not said sarcastically . 
  your comment is pure catch 22 . 
  let it go . 
  so considering you are a country that cut down just about all your forest , you did n't cut down that much ? 
  you are not making any sense . 
  that has no context to your previous statement . 
  and that 's hardly anything to celebrate . 
  3 % natural forest is still just 3 % . 
  that 's 3 parts of 100 . 
  no matter how you turn that , it 's a low number . 
  and to be clear , the only reason this number is as high as it is is because most of these 3 percents are low productivity mountain birch . 
  sweden has a huge potential for improvement when it comes to protecting natural habitats , and the same goes for the rest of europe as well . 
  yes that 's absolutely correct . 
  i 'm not sure what that means ? 
  this is the same for sweden . 
  the only proper old growth ( not natural forest ) is low productivity forest at higher altitudes . 
  mostly it 's mountain birch , which has no economic value . 
  thank you . 
  always appreciate constructive criticism . 
  the 3 % you are referring to is not old growth , is `` natural forest '' which is not really the same thing . 
  and yes in the context of europe that has been mostly deforested it 's at least more than the average , but that 's not really saying a lot . 
  it 's not doom and gloom , it 's a simple observation , if perhaps a bit sentimental . 
  i would have loved to walk though the ancient temperate forests of europe during the warm periods of the middle-ages . 
  i 'm not shy about wanting them back , but not at the cost of our well being . 
  i think one day technical advances will allow us to let the monoculture revert back to natural forests and landscapes . 
  that would be absolutely fucking awesome . 
  the farms being abandoned are in large subsistence farms in the coastal and mountain landscapes , and norway being a modern economy , a rather affluent one at that , life as a subsistence farmer is less attractive . 
  norway 's cultured landscape is not being covered by forest because the farmers are destitute , rather the opposite . 
  edit : just adding . 
  go to google maps and zoom out and look at europe . 
  just about all of it where covered in forest not long ago . 
  the forests have been cleared and given way to gigantic mono cultured landscapes that feed us and our livestock . 
  that some small parts of europe ( where modern farming is not even viable ) get to return to a natural state is not exactly a tragedy . 
  [ it 's super not made up . 
  it 's a fact . 
  ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/skog_i_sverige ) natural forest and old forests are home to far more species than cultured forests . 
  the bulk of swedens forests are less than 100 years old and mostly comprises fast growing species of pine and spruce . 
  edit : as per request . 
  i think it 's absolutely amazing , it 's very good for biodiversity . 
  and in chosing a view between mono-cultured landscapes and lush mixed forests , i 'd take forest any day . 
  to be honest neither do you as something like 97 % of sweden forests are part of a cultured landscape . 
  3 percent is natural forest , and old growth forest is almost non existent . 
  i think we eat more . 
  [ `` spagetti og kj\u00f8ttdeig '' ] ( http://www.superkokken.no/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/dsc_0846-i-blogg-spaghetti-al-rag%c3%ba.jpg ) is basically our national dish . 
  it 's kinda like a shitty take on spaghetti bolognese . 
  this is in a suburb to the city of harstad , and as a suburb/small town at least in northern norway this is extremely typical . 
  [ this type of house ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@68.7450461,16.5445267,3a,75y,291h,81.06t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sbnjlbt1u1w9kdtk6xv34ca!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) that you see here is called a `` husbank hus `` and they where built in droves in the 70ies and 80ies . 
  basically it 's a form of subsidized mortgage from the [ norwegian housing bank ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_state_housing_bank ) , and you pick the house you want to build from a catalog with some variety in size and shape , but the basic design is unmistakable . 
  earlier more traditional type of farm or village houses [ looks like this ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@69.0383813,17.4781476,3a,75y,113.73h,79.55t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1svgksbwo7bblrcy2nqnsfuq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) i do n't know if all this holds true for all of norway , but drive through the northern norwegian countryside these two will be an extremely common sight . 
  my ( admittedly poor ) attempt at a direct translation . 
  svartvanns might be better . 
  the description of the video said the bus was heading to the nearby school ( s\u00f8rvik skole ) . 
  the video shows there being guardrails on both side of the road and you can also see trees on right , so it 's fair to assume its along the coast and its heading north . 
  the positive id is finding the bridge ( you can see the railings in the video ) and then the speed sign follow by the destination marker . 
  as long as we are showing off our google streetview skills , i 'm pretty sure [ this is stretch of road ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@68.68231,16.5399936,3a,75y,326.57h,74.6t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sekts-evk2kjg_opzsgo-dq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ) where the crash happened . 
  the video starts right before the bridge and the moose runs out just between the speed limit sight and the destination signs . 
  translation : children : moose !, 
  look the moose !, 
  driver : yes there he was !, 
  children : and there too !, 
  * crash * driver : devils roasted hell !!, 
  this ... 8/10 have no identification papers . 
  keeping that in mind it 's absolutely bizarre to read these kind of statistics over and over again . 
  so and so many from syria , so and so many are under 18 . 
  granted that everyone from syria and under 18 's are more or less guaranteed asylum ( in sweden ) , i find it more than a little naive to assume that the stated age and nationality of all these persons are correct . 
  actually , in my experience it 's pretty easy to make friends with finns . 
  i mean there is a culture for directness , so if you engage with a finn , you tend to form a real friendship . 
  sweden has a culture for the exact opposite . 
  if he where to drive a motorcycle though , he would at least have the helmet part already covered . 
  i have to ask . 
  what they fuck is up with his hair ? 
  the pm has that look of confusion and resignation my dog gets when she is realizing that she is getting a bath . 
  sweden alone had 80k in november . 
  does not make a lot of sense in context of `` european '' terminology . 
  liberalism in european context usually points to economic liberalism or neoliberalism . 
  a political ideology often associated with margaret thatcher and ronald reagan . 
  most political organizations in europe saying they are liberal are economical liberalists , i.e free market proponents ( and often socially conservative ) . 
  i think at some stage you have to assume that a national paper has real sources , even if it can not name them . 
  i dont understand why this was removed .
