  that is the problem . 
  we need to stop now , while we are ahead ( in most ways ) . 
  fix the problems we have already before we can think about expanding our populations further . 
  our societies are built on the idea of solidarity , sending people out of the country that they ( and we ) have made their home , would be more damaging to our societal model than continued immigration . 
  scandinavian political philosophy is based on the idea of equality and solidarity . 
  that means social responsibility is shared by everyone for everyone . 
  that is the reason scandinavia have such successful societies . 
  this is also the reason why the immigration policies are the way they are , and the reason why despite there being more problems than many people care to admit , these policies are still being upheld . 
  it 's not a matter of owing someone something , it 's a matter of accepting that we are all here on the same planet and that we share responsibility for each other . 
  please do n't come to scandinavia , and if you are already here , please do n't vote . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  i think you are right . 
  its not responsible to keep doing it . 
  and i agree that its absurd to uphold a policy that was created under vastly different circumstances than what sweden are facing today . 
  edit : the point is i do n't think its the immigration or immigrants in themselves that are the problem , but rather despite being a generally affluent society , we do n't really have anything to offer these people once they come here , and in the end , that is what is creating the problem . 
  it has everything to do with the new global economy . 
  pray tell where the low-skill entry-level swedish industrial jobs went off to ? 
  edit : the article also points out that the conditions present in sweden when this policy was put in to motion was vastly different from what they are today . 
  its not really a matter if it was the right thing to do then , but if it is responsible to keep doing it under current conditions . 
  i would think someone with half a brain would have trouble reading this article , let alone for themselves decipher and understand complex socio-economical problems arising in a new global economy . 
  social solidarity requires widespread opportunities . 
  cultural homogeneity in my opinion has fuck all to do with it , and if you read the article , that 's not what is argued either . 
  i think these immigrants being muslim or not has very little to do with it . 
  sweden used to be an industrial nation , with a lot of fairly low skill , easy to enter and well payed jobs that made it easy for most people to live in general prosperity . 
  these businesses have over the past 20 years been shipping out little by little . 
  sweden 's industrial giants have in recent years also been chopped up and shipped out . 
  having high immigration when you have something to offer is not a problem , these problems that are arising are created by telling people , come here , its great , while in reality , getting a decent job in scandinavia today , without a ) : having good enough language and social skills to work in service , or b ) high enough technical or other education to work in a high skilled job , is damn near impossible . 
  religion as very little if anything at all to do with it . 
  ** `` we deal with this differently than in most other european countries , '' ullenhag said . 
  `` it 's about showing political leadership . 
  instead of adjusting our policies to the sweden democrats , we stand up for being open and tolerant . 
  we 're a small and rich country ; we should take our share of responsibility in the world . 
  and we think that if people who come here get jobs and become part of swedish society , there is a lot of support for the idea that people should be able to continue coming to sweden . '' ** this is so fucking infuriating to read . 
  its so detached from the actual reality , which is that most of this people will come to find no jobs and no opportunities presented to them . 
  i am norwegian ( living in sweden ) myself and i know a few immigrants coming to norway , expecting this , a modern open society that will provide them opportunity , but the reality is , without a masters degree and good cultural understanding there 's ** nothing ** there for you . 
  it will be a difficult and in many ways isolated experience , that makes these people bitter and contemptuous of the host nation . 
  we are setting up people to fail and creating a bitter `` underclass '' that is snowballing social problems and in the end threatening the very thing they came here for in the first place . 
  scandinavia needs to wake the fuck up , do right by the people already here and for goodness , decencys and solidarities sake , shut the fucking gates before its to late . 
  only that sweden and norway utilizes all the letters in our alphabets , while danish is pronounced using just the vowels . 
  it is good to own land . 
  that 's not underwater . 
  there 's plenty of upsides , like the possibility also grow stuff on land while we keep getting filthy rich from our fish and oil exports . 
  global warming huzzah !, 
  yeah i thought it was cool to . 
  thank you poland for bringing pretty ladies to ireland . 
  yes , all the pretty ones are polish . 
  you look in dire need of some capital injection . 
  wink wink , nudge nudge . 
  corporations * merge * , sounds so much more sexy . 
  ( yes i 'm kidding , offcourse ), 
  i thought you where marginalizing the people in the north , since they are basicly funded by the hard work done in the south . 
  i see now that i was mistaken . 
  [ i think it 's time . 
  that 's the equality . 
  a powerful spice . 
  enter the casual racism referred to earlier . 
  corporations are people to !, 
  ignore mr. beck at your own peril . 
  let 's play poker . 
  he did a similar `` heist '' on the swedish krona as well . 
  according to one astute political commentator , not so . 
  `` right-wing critics -- notably former fox news host glenn beck -- have accused soros of using his open society foundations to intentionally undermine societies with the intention of establishing a unitary global government . 
  beck has argued that the open society foundations have too much control over academics and media , and in some countries have obtained political power that qualifies them as `` shadow governments '' . 
  [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] supporters of beck 's theory have argued that soros buys good press by funding media matters [ 17 ] and the huffington post . 
  [ 18 ] '' edit : no , i 'm serious , i truley believe that glenn beck and fox news are credible sources . 
  especially in unmasking shadow governments and the new global leaders . 
  see that 's the result of having a media institution that is politically independent . 
  they wo n't be afraid of going where their gut feeling tells them to g0 , and that my freinds , is how you find the real truth . 
  soros is a ruthless speculator and has never been one for civic responsibility . 
  considering the full context seems wise before you are taking advise or accepting insight from a man such as this . 
  looks like something out of the movie brazil . 
  ah well perfekt . 
  we agree then . 
  well english is heavily influenced by both norse and saxon , both germanic languages . 
  so even if there was such demands i would say they qualify . . 
  the potential for tidal/wave power in the uk is huge . 
  seem like the solution to this problem is right there in the text . 
  all we need to do to prevent this is to decrease our dependency on fossil fuels . 
  if ya 'll build a ton of windmills and solar plants and tidal installations , norway will be happy to hold you over on gas until someone cracks fusion . 
  yeah this fucking thing is creepy as all hell . 
  or r/forex, 
  but fuck the rest of us , that 's not your problem ? 
  yuan-dollar crosses might become very lucrative in the near future . 
  make way for the pain train !, 
  peace and prosperty a comin your way bitches !, 
  so private institutions , owned my a small handful of people , inflating the price of our homes , to the point where it is for most of us impossible to attain one without going in to a life long credit bond , to you , not a problem ? 
  certainly . 
  step carefully should be the mantra here . 
  escalating the conflict with russia is clearly the sollution . 
  if only european politicians where willing to get of their ass , get their hands dirty , get down , and kick dat ass . 
  follow the money . 
  not so much reasoning here as i 'm making an exclamation of contempt followed by a question . 
  the full question if you care to read between the lines is , what service is it they provide us , and is it really worth the price we are paying ? 
  i think i understand what you mean , i just dont fully agree in the way you reason . 
  thank you for the exhange , and a good day to you to !, 
  he had a situation resulting in him not being able to continue his payments . 
  the bank with the support of the courts , promtly seized any and all assets he had to make good on the dept. 
  due to the depreciation of his house after the banking fueled banking collapse , shored up partly by tax payer money , the now refinanced bank , sezied all of his other assets in addition to the house , since it was now worth a lot less than his orginal mortgage value . 
  i 'm not saying we should all grow dreadlocks and stop using currency . 
  but something in this system has gone way of ballance in such a way that the power these instituations hold over us are totally disproportionate to the utility they provide .
