  i would argue , however , that italy is about the least relevant developed country around these days . 
  italians have shown that they are utterly incapable of governing themselves . 
  your institutions are failing , your economy is in a freefall , your political structure is incapable of doing anything about it , and more young people flee your country each year to find employment elsewhere . 
  so , hey - if you want to feel good about being italian , go for it . 
  i think you guys are the next domino to fall after greece . 
  `` italy '' never ruled shit , unless you count occupying ethiopia . 
  as far as i can see , italy is a totally dysfunctional , hollowed out husk of a nation trying to grapple for relevance in the 21st century . 
  the roman empire it ai n't . 
  i 'd like to see italy sustain a conflict against just about anyone that long . 
  i agree that diplomacy is an essential tool of global policymaking . 
  but it 's also very long term . 
  sometimes you need boots/ships/planes in action to solve a problem asap , and currently , the eu is basically dependent on the u.s. to provide that . 
  as well it should . 
  it 's total bullshit . 
  but elections are a rougher sport here . 
  that 's why organizations that provide vans to bring voters to the polls put a night watchman outside the night before election day - otherwise , there 's a good chance someone from the other team will come by and slash your tires . 
  how about patrolling the gulf of aden ? 
  drug intervention in africa ? 
  and yes , counter-terrorism in somalia , afghanistan and pakistan ? 
  aw , you guys love that stuff . 
  just admit it . 
  while admitting that there 's an issue with re-certifying felons with voting rights and shitty infrastructure in some jurisdictions , the fact remains that there is very , very little actual `` voter fraud '' in american elections . 
  study after study after study confirms this . 
  europe ca n't even tie its own shoes without an 8-month investigative committee meeting in brussels . 
  fielding a military that can take responsibility for global security ?? 
  lulz . 
  huh ? 
  interestingly , the u.s. constitution provides almost no guidance on how elections should be conducted state-to-state . 
  every state is basically allowed to determine how elections should be governed - id requirements , residency requirements , procedures , and so forth . 
  anyone calling him a socialist does not really understand what a socialist is . 
  they 're just using it as a slur . 
  as far as i know , no state in the modern era has given its electoral votes to the candidate who did n't win the popular vote in that state . 
  it would cause a shitstorm the likes of which we have never seen . 
  well see , that 's your problem . 
  you might as well be in siberia . 
  where are you ? 
  we have a bunch of local bakery/cafe joints here , and they would n't dream of using hfcs . 
  c'mon over sometime , i 'll disabuse of you of such nonsense generalizations . 
  walmart would n't succeed unless customers wanted what they were selling . 
  india is having a similar debate right now , and what we 're seeing is that for all the hoopla over small/local/old fashioned , what customers actually want ( and respond to ) is variety , convenience and price . 
  some food is awesome in europe . 
  we also have awesome food in the u.s. just depends where you choose to shop . 
  but a net economic gain to the whole community , though better access to goods and thus more buying activity . 
  that 's a fair choice to make . 
  only i 'd guess that if you put it to a vote , most folks would want to allow butcher stores to remain open longer/later , so that they 'd be more convenient . 
  that would probably benefit larger stores over smaller ones , but one guy 's loss is the entire community 's gain . 
  from what i understand , in many eu countries , this 8-5 framework is legally mandated , and results partially from pressure from unions to restrict working hours . 
  just a guess . 
  say what you will , but this is one thing we do well in the u.s. stores are open long hours . 
   the council of europe 's definition of europe . 
  far be it from me to tell the euros what 's europe and what 's not . 
  but suffice to say , to suggest that azerbaijan ( to say nothing of kazakhstan ) is `` europe '' is nonsense . 
  you might as well call colombia or venezuela part of north america . 
  since when is azerbaijan in europe ? 
  of course ss/medicare are a part of our budget . 
  collectively , they account for a large majority of the federal government 's spending . 
  along with military spending , those three components account for a vast majority of what our government does . 
  it 's a fair point , though , that governing in a ~ ~ small ~ ~ tiny , homogeneous country is a lot easier than governing 300m + people in what is , by any measure , one of the most diverse societies on earth , over an enormous landmass , in a federalist governing system . 
  i totally agree that we 're behind the ball on a lot of measures . 
  i wish we had a national id and that the dmv was n't such a clusterfuck too . 
  but comparing any european country to the u.s. really is apples and oranges . 
  european shippers , perhaps . 
  this will definitely be useful for them . 
  of course , most of panama 's traffic is from u.s. / asian shippers , who will still use the dollar . 
  of course , their gov ' t budget/debt/prices / etc. 
  will still be denominated in dollars too , making this not only an incredibly misleading thread title , but also mostly a ploy to cater to european tourists . 
  something tells me spain is ripe for a little creative destruction . 
  hard to see how catalan secession will solve any of the fundamental problems of shitty governance , bureaucratic ossification and fiscal absurdity that has brought spain to its knees ... but who knows ? 
  maybe they 'll wise up . 
  what 's your beef with english ? 
  women have magical feelings in their bellies that leads them to make business decisions that makes the world all unicorns and rainbows . 
  men are all just selfish assholes . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  this is the kind of bullshit the spanish are worried about right now ? 
  no wonder their country is going down the tubes . 
  here 's a paper i 'd like to work on : it 's becoming clear that nato 's relevance , and really its very raison d'etre , is in question . 
  rather than remaining as a vestigal bulwark against russian ( not to say soviet ) aggression , nato needs to transform itself into a more equal framework for cooperation and engagement between free-market democracies around the world . 
  this new organization should n't envision itself as a military alliance per se ( though that should n't be ruled out either ) , but as a tool for engaging like-minded countries of both `` east '' and `` west , '' `` north '' and `` south '' in economic development and diplomatic cooperation , in a way that currently the oecd or g-8 can not . 
  i 'm also interested in joint `` transatlantic '' approaches to foreign assistance and cooperation with developing nations . 
  ping me , euros . 
  except our politicians did ( and do ) take heat for this , just no one cares as much . 
  everyone knows that torture happened under bush/cheney . 
  but a large part of our electorate simply is n't interested in holding them accountable . 
  in response to your question , it would honestly depend on a lot of factors , not least what the activity in question was . 
  maybe i would be pissed off , or maybe i would n't be - i do n't know . 
  the point being , that i would not be pissed off because it was poland doing it . 
  my hunch here is that a lot of the outrage is just misplaced america-bashing . 
  just a guess here , but i 'd wager that many european governments/intelligence services want ( ed ) these `` interrogations '' to continue , because the important intel they got from the suspects would be shared . 
  you do n't think mi6 , the bnd ( de ) , the dgse ( fr ) or others were n't completely plugged in/participating in this ? 
  they all probably wanted it to happen , badly , but their own political leaders were n't willing to take the heat for it if it got out . 
  so then the americans come along , and we 're willing to take the political heat for this stuff , because no u.s. president answers to voters in europe . 
  with that kind of cover , i 'm sure it was easy to find partners like this to do the dirty work . 
  to be clear , i do n't support torture , wish it had n't happened and wish that american officials who let it happen would be prosecuted . 
  but realistically , none of that will ever come to pass , as we all know . 
  i just think it 's worth pointing out that it 's not as if we did n't have plenty of help in this . 
  north carolinian here . 
  it is legal in nc , as in many states , to own just about any weapon you can imagine . 
  it is perfectly legal to own a grenade launcher , for example . 
  it 's a class-3 weapon and you have to get permits for it , including one from your local sheriff 's office ( which is a pain in the ass but can be done ) . 
  the trick is that ammunition ( i.e.
