lulz . 
  we 're done here . 
  are you seriously arguing against the notion of intellectual property ? 
  depends if you call ip protection a `` market restriction . '', 
  i do not . 
  and none of what you said applies to the rest of the things i listed , either . 
  i might also add : a reliable and predictable court system that respects the rule of law . 
  major advantage that the u.s. / eu have . 
  does the eu have more free trade deals , or access to as many/as large markets as the us ? 
  that is false . 
  intellectual property protections , high levels of available human capital , availability and culture of venture capital , highly adjacent industries in manufacturing and finance , large and sophisticated local markets - these are why these industries grow in the u.s. ( and eu ) . 
  from an american point of view , this discussion is fascinating . 
  here in the u.s. , we take it for granted that we are now in a globalized economy . 
  there is no going back . 
  we 're not going to compete with asia for low-wage , low-end manufacturing . 
  in fact , we 're going to push for freer trade with many parts of the world - including the eu - which will permit cheaper products in our country and greater economies of scope . 
  how do advanced economies grow ? 
  by concentrating on high-value products and services . 
  high technology , software , advanced manufacturing , r&d , plus non-outsource-able services . 
  those are the future for us right now . 
  we must change , adapt and evolve , and some legacy industries are simply going to die off here . 
  you do n't see a lot of horsecart makers anymore , after all . 
  solutions like `` do n't let businesses fire people '' or `` make them hire more '' are pretty clearly short-sighted . 
  you ca n't just legislate prosperity , as france ( for example ) is quickly discovering . 
  blaming corporations , greedy businessmen and the like might be fun here on the internet , but ultimately those are silly and self-defeating arguments . 
  it 's unclear to me that with an elderly population , strong opposition to greater immigration and dysfunctional political leadership , many european countries can maintain the same structure of socialist welfare states they 've enjoyed for many decades . 
  so what ? 
  let 'em have those low-skill , low-value-add jobs . 
  we need to focus on better ones . 
  you sure you 're not american ? 
  thank goodness that one group of continental leaders seem to have some sense . 
  so , presumably you would n't have a problem here if it were policemen who were evicting people , and not firemen ? 
  the nature of a contract is such that both parties must agree to it before entering . 
  i agree to pay you x per month and you agree to finance my house . 
  so when i stop paying , you have every legal right to kick me out of said house . 
  i honestly do not understand what 's unethical about that . 
  yeah , enforcing legal contracts is oppression !, 
  right guys ?? 
  edit : til : do n't sign any contracts with the spanish . 
  this came as a surprise to most of us , but hey - sounds like a great idea . 
  i ca n't think of a good reason why there should n't be a free trade zone between the us and eu . 
  come at me , reddit !, 
  france la belle, 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong : * no one * is cynical about american leadership like other americans are . 
  we 've got a lot of problems . 
  but the un ca n't even tie its shoes without an 18-month fact finding commission , and i do n't know what kind of possible reform would ever change it significantly . 
  as currently constituted , the un is basically a really expensive debating society . 
  wow . 
  methinks you might be unreasonably cynical towards the u.s. , and wildly optimistic about the level of leadership from the un . 
  this is why we should probably just scuttle nato . 
  many european voters no longer see the reason or need for funding their own armed forces . 
  while smaller eu states ( particularly in central or eastern europe ) are traditionally a lot friendlier , the wealthier , western europeans are pretty suspicious of american military power projection and continued investment . 
  at the same time , they 're not completely without a point - the soviet union is gone , and russia is unlikely to invade poland or the ukraine or germany anytime soon . 
  at the same time , we would probably advance american global interests better with obama 's pivot to the pacific rim , where countries who do feel threatened by china are very eager to take the europeans ' place under our protective umbrella , and are willing to put resources in place to upgrade their defensive capabilities . 
  ideally , i 'd like to see a more global alliance of democracies - sort of a nato for the globe . 
  the u.s. would naturally be a leader , but it would also encompass countries like indonesia , turkey , south africa , australia , india and brazil , as well as most of western europe . 
  you trust the un with your security ? 
  over the u.s. , a treaty ally ? 
  fellow ` murican here who wants to help out a young man . 
  let me get this straight : * you want to live on 1500 eur for an entire year . 
  * you want to spend less than 8000 eur on tuition getting an associates ' degree at an eu university * you are `` about to '' learn javascript and php using reddit university dude , none of this is reasonable . 
  europe is a wonderful place , but it is not a magical land of rainbows and unicorns and free everything . 
  here 's what you do . 
  go to a u.s. community college . 
  work part-time as necessary . 
  get your associates ' degree and try to transfer to a 4-year school . 
  get major in comp sci . 
  work for a few years , and then go to europe to get a two-year ms degree in something . 
  there are many outstanding european universities that offer degrees almost entirely in english - not only in the uk . 
  look at the netherlands , denmark , belgium , germany and the nordic countries . 
  do n't have money ? 
  like i said , work part-time while in school and get loans as necessary to pay for undergrad at an inexpensive state school . 
  a solid cs degree will help you get a good-paying job after graduation to pay off said loans in a few years . 
  do n't worry about the language stuff . 
  sure , french or german or swedish will help you get around better in each respective country , but it 's not like a pre-requisite to going there . 
  if you visit a foreign country and do n't speak the language , just do n't be a dick . 
  buy a handbook on the local language , read up on the plane , and be super polite . 
  most europeans like americans just fine . 
  they just do n't like assholes , just like americans do n't like europeans who are assholes . 
  we 're not like two completely different people , when you get right down to it . 
  if you really really need to go travel in europe , save up a few hundred bucks and go backpacking . 
  if you do that , though , just comport yourself well and try to represent your country with respect , kindness , and a little bit of class . 
  ... ugh , italians . 
  many americans ( myself included ) are often frustrated at how our political system produces weak parties , by allowing ( or perhaps forcing ) the electorate to vote for individuals , not just parties . 
  this seems like a case study of the benefits of that system , though . 
  clinton 's prosecution was entirely politically motivated nonsense . 
  also , he was never elected prime minister , let alone three times . 
  keep at it , kiddo . 
  call me names !, 
  this is hilarious . 
  global relevance probably ** is ** less important for a tiny , fairly unimportant country like ireland . 
  it 's probably more so for a country the size of italy , which is why it 's a bigger deal there . 
  when your economic and political weight actually matter , foreign affairs affect your country a lot more deeply . 
  the u.s. ( or china , for example ) does n't meddle abroad because it 's fun - we/they do it out of necessity . 
  and per the topic of this thread , it 's equally necessary for the eu to play a larger role in global affairs , and the problem is that they 're still not pulling their weight militarily . 
  as an italian , you 're seriously taking credit for the ** roman empire ? 
  ** that shit wound down over 1,500 years ago , man . 
  since then , the only leaders of note your country has produced have been a madman fascist and berlusconi , who i think would lose an election in most countries these days versus george w. bush . 
  i see that you have copy-and-pasted a lot of stuff from wikipedia . 
  well done .
