oh , so we 're just northern lights now , eh ? 
  eh , better than nothing ... 
  haha , at least you lot have ships that actually float . 
  legends , all of them < 3, 
  ah now , manolo could lay the smack down . 
  ... i would buy that gladly . 
  salad of wrath 4ever . 
  many people i know got ripped off by this . 
  it 's a load of shit . 
  powerful stuff . 
  the `` mayor '' looked like an ex-drug dealer . 
  [ i know right ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_1 ) [ that would never happen !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_2 ) [ silly thoughts !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars ), 
  exactly . 
  europe 's nationalistic era , for the most part , is over . 
  ya get used to it after a while . 
  i knew ireland would be ivory coast, 
  relish in the title , i say . 
  roasties forever, 
  do n't forget estonia , too . 
  but not ireland yet . 
  the one true drink , really . 
   ireland is catholic . 
  number 20 should n't be there , i think . 
  there are lots of atheists , but i do n't think we are a majority anywhere . 
  then again , this map is about stereotypes . 
  ^ grumble ^ potato ^ europe ^ grumble, 
  well , look at the mods : /, 
  perhaps . 
  why go to a recessed backwater , when you could go to a continental state ? 
  ireland would make sense if this was linguistics map . 
  anglo-saxon ethnicity here is grossly overstated . 
  he 's on about anglo-saxons , i.e english . 
  they are a germanic people . 
  because the us and russia are diplomatic rivals . 
  they fear russia far more than europe does . 
  whether they should or not , i have no idea . 
  ireland is the depressed , troubled kid who hangs around with the uk . 
  not because they are friends , but because ireland does n't know anyone aside from his old bully . 
  before 1990 's , it owned ireland . 
  turns out , you do n't even need to bribe politicians !, 
  just threaten them with eternal torment !, 
  `` connoisseur of beauty of the female body '' now , that 's one way to put it . 
  sadly , that 's not the case in my area . 
  the priests are narrow-minded fundamentalist catholics , mass is a depressing affair with them . 
  my family despises it , and goes just out of tradition mostly , it 's become kind of a ritual . 
  same here . 
  my family is mostly catholic aside from myself , but aside from not going to mass , everything else is the same . 
  for the disliked country , i put vatican city . 
  just because its flag is a pain in the arse to draw . 
  who needs keys on their flag ? 
  just put the damn pope-hat in it . 
  that seems familiar ... 
  see , that makes sense . 
  if the brits had n't destroyed our country and killed our people , we 'd be surely in some sort of union . 
  granted , i 'd absolutely hate it , but i 'd tolerate it . 
  indeed . 
  i sincerely thank you for enlightening me , with the superior logic of your argument . 
  i leave here today as a new , better person . 
  born a prick , yes . 
  more interestingly , what has led you to that realisation ? 
  the fact that i disagree with imperialism ? 
  definitely a prick-ish thing to do . 
  `` wanktarded eurofedaralist '' oh you fucking got me there , taught me never to question my betters !, 
  `` oh yes , lets help the genocidal colonial masters ! '' . 
  what kind of fucked up morality do you operate on ? 
  it was a war between two sides , with near identical policies . 
  `` fighting for freedom '' is fucking ridiculous , that war should not be celebrated . 
  there was no good side in that war , only losers and winners . 
  aside from the many countries that got independence ... 
  but the qur ` an is in arabic !, 
  the tanakh is in hebrew !, 
  you lot only have 1/3 possible gods !, 
  you are fucked !, 
  `` we claim this territory as rightful chinese territory '', 
  huh . 
  i 've never heard of her , i guess thats a good thing . 
  huh . 
  the only tornadoes i 've seen here are feeble , annoying little bastards that throw the neat piles of leaves out into my drive-way . 
  i guess i 'm lucky . 
  wow , theres a list for everything !, 
  that 's breaking some rules ... 
  that 's cool , but i do n't get the eggs on paper . 
  you really do n't get it ? 
  the rira is a criminal organisation now , they sell drugs , start gang wars , fight irish law enforcement . 
  they are terrorists , who not even the most staunch republicans can support , and i do n't think the british army is going to be carrying out any massacres . 
  exactly . 
  but later on , in the 80 's - 90 's , thatcher became a giant road-block . 
  you do know that the ira as it was then , no longer exists ? 
  it would be very hard for an incident to drive public opinion towards the rira . 
  they got into organized crime and people here hate them . 
  they are defiling the name of the freedom fighters who got us out of the british empire . 
  this is n't the 1970 's . 
  the uk and ireland regularly work together against dissident republican groups and terrorism . 
  why on earth would they be suspicious of us ? 
  we 're allies in that field . 
   our football team has officially lost any chance of qualifying for world cup . 
  do n't feel bad .
