  roflmao what are you talking about ? 
  are you allright fam ? 
  do you need meds ? 
  idk but there is definitely a legal loophole, 
  and how did you do that ? 
  you mean that you just proved your own bias and have reduced yourself to that of a troll who should n't be taken seriously . 
  how it is n't usa invaded iraq for only their geopolitical goal and destroyed the country . 
  not at all , there is no isis or ksa on russia borders . 
   not usa/iraq which was a completely different set of circumstances and not at all comparable yeah usa made the biggest crime against humanity for this century, 
  you did that, 
  proof ? 
  what argument i lost ? 
  yeah , but we need to do something about that, 
  does it ? 
  does n't it remind you how you invaded iraq for no reason ? 
  kind of helping other shia defend themselves by sunnis wanting to kill/rule over them, 
  it 's more ridiculous that usa invaded iraq for no reason, 
  just like israel having nuclear weapons ? 
  it 's calling defending their interests against the saudis ? 
  i 'm just saying that there is legal case for removing , ones citizenship, 
  there was an article here this week that ukraine took the only citizenship of some guy and someone said there is a way to go trough the international laws, 
  swastika not being historical and standing only for nazi germany ? 
  what ? 
  it can still be done, 
  why is france letting them in , they should get their passports revoked, 
  why would we be . 
  iran is fighting against isis and ksa proxies which is beneficial to europe, 
  it 's death to those muslims who do n't wan na sell us oil generally ? 
  no shah no way people would try to get rid of him right, 
  fucking cultural marxism , the new cancer coming upon the western world, 
  there is something between the revolution and the coup it 's the rule of the tyranical us puppet which made the people go for the islamic revolution . 
  without uk blockading iran because of oil and usa not making a coup against mossadegh , he would have continued his rule peacefully , and chances are the country would be as democratic as turkey now, 
  is it ? 
  so why are you lying that they violated it repeatedly ? 
  good boy you admit that finally, 
  it was only saudi intelligence services agents, 
   the coup is only half the story and even without the coup there is no guarantee or indication that musaddak would have been able to make lasting changes . 
  in your opinion . 
  are you talking to yourself ? 
  do you need help fam ? 
  are you talking about usa , because from what i 've seen it 's always americans failing to mention that the reason iran is an islamic extremists country is usa/uk, 
  am i ? 
  i 'm telling you that the reason iran became a thecratic shithole is becaue of us/uk intervention, 
  sadly they are, 
  well thank you i guess , i have n't seen this meme at all, 
  am i ? 
  i 'm you what lead to iran problems, 
  that 's because uk already blocked the country because mossadegh did n't want to give them free oil, 
   we do n't really profit ? 
  obviously you do there is no other reason for the war in iraq  saddam gassed a kurdish town after it was overrun by the iranian army . 
  before desert storm . 
  once we achieved hegemony in the region , we established no fly zones . 
  saddam gassed a town and cia made a statement that it was iran , and you still talk about moral high ground . 
  why are you dodgin the quesiton about about mossadegh  but seriously . 
  tell me , what has your country ever done that was meaningful ? 
  how far back do you go ? 
  we go back from aroun 1300 years . 
  about something meaningful while we were in the axis we save our 50 000 jews from being gassed in the gass chambers , while americans denied jews entrance to america . 
   you see , this is the anti-american sentiment i find so baffling . 
  it 's a lose lose . 
  we 're damned if we do , damned if we do n't . 
  you see you are just like russia you do n't give a fuck about human rights , you wage wars for geopolitical reason , why should n't you be damned ? 
  russian umberella of genocide ? 
  are you drugged or something ? 
  you seem quite mad ? 
  why is that ? 
  why do you think russia will invade bulgaria ? 
  are you a secret cia agent ? 
  to fight a country who 's stated goal for ~ 40 years now is the destruction of the united states . 
  and let him use chem weapons on kurds let him ? 
  so we 're supposed to intervene then , but not later ? 
  but ignoring all that , we did n't let him . 
  we imposed no fly zones over iraq and we began arming kurds . 
  and you talk about moral superiority you create dictators and them bomb them for profit , also not only you did n't intervene when saddam used chem weapons but you also tried to blame iran for the attack , you only used them late for an excuse for your war . 
  what ? 
  well thats on america making a coup against mossadegh, 
  they are angels compared to the saudis , why are you burgers in love with them, 
  one is not like the other, 
  saudi government only keeps a blind eye to it 's people funding isis , while saudi intelligence agents were the one who did 9/11 , they are all literally angels are n't they ? 
   taking out saddam was morally good , after we took over is when things went to shit . 
  roflmao if taking out saddam was morally good why you burgers funded his regime and let him use chem weapons on kurds  but you know why what you say does n't really bother me ? 
  because you 're complaining about my country making mistakes your country would never have the ability to . 
  it 's not that your country does n't make big mistakes , you simply ca n't . 
  what an agrument . 
  it shows you ca n't back any of your claims , but i guess you are not smart enough to be bothered by that, 
  iran are not evil religious nutjobs compared to the saudis with which you are working right now . 
  as if you burgers did n't start wars for even less or for no reason like iraq war, 
  did they teach you ad hominem there ? 
  american saying iran is a violent nation , oh the irony, 
  who is us europe and us interests are conflicting in the me , yes iran is better for europe in the me and yes we should support them, 
   iran are n't passive victims here the belief among the western alliance ( for 13 years now ) is iran backed by russia are using militias to destabilise the middle east , the idea that this aggressive theocratic state gets nukes is unconscionable , they are not passive players in this game . 
  the ones destabilizing the region are usa/ksa/israel , iran is fighting their influence and their proxies like isis . 
  iran having nukes is as uncoscionable as israel having nukes, 
  if we support iran we will be decreasing ksa influence which is beneficial to us, 
  that 's a good reason to support them, 
   are they really a stable presence though ? 
  they 're actively involved in syria , lebanon , palestine , yemen and iraq both directly and/or via its proxie against usa/israel/ksa which are trying to destabilize the area , hence they are a stable presence . 
  no we are atleast trying to keep the nuclear deal, 
   good thing you are n't the one in charge . 
  what an argument,
