  i 'm absolutely for making a habit of letting people who sink their boats on purpose to go and leach welfare drown , what they are doing is simple blackmail , i doubt really most customary and ancient law of the sea is about helping someone who is sinking their own fucking boat on purpose . 
  where are we vetting them ? 
  when ? 
  why are not all these people in camps ? 
  if we were doing good job vetting why for instance the guy who rode a truck in a christmas bazaar was freely moving after two years after he was denied refugee status ? 
  tip : you do n't have to shoot a boat to not let it pass into your waters , also you do n't have to do anything when immigrants sink their own boats . 
  also there is no rational explanation why we do n't vet random people who come in our country and not put immigrants in camps , which is what we should do by law, 
  well then member states should dump immigrants back in africa after they sink their own boats not back in italy . 
  also the roads towards eu should have been closed and any immigrant put in camp waiting to be deported back , some of them maybe given refugee status after rigorous vetting not letting everyone travel freely . 
  why was not any of this done ? 
  why are we still shipping immigrants from africa to italy ? 
  well does n't change the fact that eu still is n't closing the mediterranean route and that we should have closed all eu borders from the start not invite everyone in germany and after that asking the rest of the eu to share immigrants between them, 
  i meant about uk and us, 
  at least he closed the border for the fucking immigrants , something all of eu should have done . 
  why should we give a fuck about them ? 
  well it seems you turks are helping him quite a lot with your actions, 
  fairer is if you are better and add more value to the firm to get more money than someone who is less productive than you, 
  good job , i hope some day things like this happen in bulgaria too, 
  i 'm claiming that uk spending money on their military is not out of solidarity but because it 's beneficial to them . 
  i think germany is subtly trying to influence germans not to go to turkey because of certain someone . . 
  yes actually helping people would be solidarity . 
  we are n't doing it and we are n't claiming that . 
  we especially do n't claim that spending money on military is solidarity . 
  why ? 
  i never claimed we were helping people . 
  have n't you already paid some part of them in advance . 
  you seem to be quite the psychologist, 
  evil ruskies are hiding everywhere, 
  you know that even with 0.5 % of gdp spending from nato countries there is no one spending near as much as nato , also ukraine is not in any union , i doubt that english nukes are the only reason that are keeping budapest safe . 
  actually helping people ? 
  also having 2.0 % of your gdp in military is more useful to you than to other nato countries in most cases . 
  i would n't call nato participation solidarity . 
  i still do n't understand why the eu did so terribly with these immigrants, 
  close your borders . 
  it 's way easier to be convicted with them in court , idk for eu as a whole , but in bulgaria they would be quite usefull , a lot of rich shits would get easier in prison . 
  i 'm not defending anything i 'm just telling you that russia sees the expansion of nato and eu as break of these pacts and serious threat and act accordingly . 
  things could have been done differently from both sides and better results could have been seen . 
  cameras in the cars like russia . 
  also in 1990s i believe eu and nato signed a pact with the soviet union not to expand in some countries like the baltics and ukraine, 
  why ? 
  not at all think about all the people who only drink 1-2 beers in the park or drink 1 cup of wine with their meal , clearly it 's not dangerous and damaging at all . 
  not all people who drink alcohol are addicts , the majority are n't . 
  in bulgarian news , it 's quite entertaining, 
  it is n't they needed 4 but still it 's an okay result for such a young party, 
  yes they did okay 2,5 % despite the fact they are less than 3 months old, 
  yes and no , old people vote for bsp but not because they are alternative to gerb but because they are the successors of the communist party , there are quite a lot of young people who vote for bsp and they are the stupid people i 'm referring to . 
  bsp look like they doubled their votes , but in reality they did n't in 2014 majority of bsp voters were pissed and did n't vote for them , now they just got their voters back . 
  we need a new strong party , i hoped `` da bulgaria '' , will get in even if they did n't i believe they can grow . 
  maybe they will fight it on low level , but that 's it, 
  they are pro eu , they are the corruption on high level, 
  not exactly gerb is extremely corrupt, 
  yeah because stupid people believe they are alternative to gerb, 
  they are right leaning , but really corrupt at the same time . 
  they want reforms in healthcare , schools and in law enforcement , and probably do some , but these reforms will be only on surface . 
  they are better than bsp , who are the successors of the communist party and are even more corrupt , the third party are patriots , which are also corrupt , but not as much as the former two , they have some really questionable figures in there . 
  the forth party dps are the `` turkish party '' their main voter base is from parts of bulgaria , which are uneducated and mainly populated by turks , they are like medieval feudals there , the only way to do something is if you support the party and the party leaders like you , while they say they are pro turkey , they are actually pro russia and their leader is former intelligence agencies agent . 
  the fifth party is some ex mafia guy who sells cheap medicine and cheap oil so people like him , he has no positions is backed in the dark by gerb and is going to support gerb, 
  92 % left, 
  yeah but how many ? 
  you can check and add to the number of people saying no to joining russia and see if it makes a difference . 
  also russia asked un to send their watchers but they refused, 
  well but sevastopil is not the entire crimea, 
  there was a referendum later why russian side won if the majority of crimeans wanted to be part of ukraine ? 
  also i asked you about what the majority of crimeans supported - ukraine or russia ? 
  lol do n't put words in my mouth it 's pathetic . 
  the fact is that albanian kosovars were attacking the police and the army and random serbs , because they wanted to make greatear albania, 
  lol that 's what happened . 
  how many are they are they the majority of crimea population ? 
  well that means the land is n't ukrainian, 
  because albanians created their own military and started attacking peacefull serbians and police officers . 
  so what ? 
  the un did it because the albanians could n't do it themselves . 
  still if you have independent kosovo you should have independent crimea, 
  how many were these protesters ? 
  were they more than russian supporters in the entire crimea?why majority of people voted for joining russia in the referendum ? 
  well from their tries to become independent from 1990s till now you can guess that their wishes were to be seperate from ukraine for sure . 
  i 'm just saying that kosovo broke international law too, 
  and there is no reason to believe them , just like nobody gave kosovo back to serbia, 
  so you want to have war in crimea first to `` justify '' their wishes ? 
  how exactly ? 
  kosovo is not part of albania because serbia will invade it and take it back . 
  well then tell your government to say that they want independent state , they do n't say anything like this they want it back to ukraine, 
  well theoretically they already did that and that republic joined russia and i do n't see any reason not to join it . 
  i do n't understand what you want, 
  it seems it 's hard for you to understand . 
  albanians of kosovo wanted to be part of albania so they armed themselves and tried to do what russia did in crimea , they were not successful and serbs started fighting them . 
  the un intervened bombed the serbs and made kosovo independent as a compromise because they did n't want a war between serbia and albania . 
  kosovo being independent is as illegal as crimea being part of russia . 
  us and eu supported kosovo so there is precedent for what putin did in crimea . 
  if we support kosovo then there is no way to say that crimea should be part of ukraine ever again , we should either accept it as a part of russia like the people in crimea want , or declare it an independent republic with no ties with ukraine like we did with kosovo ? 
  do you understand now ? 
  not at all kosovo wish was to become part of albania , un decided to make it independent nation . 
  so if we support kosovo we should support the decision of crimeans to become part of russia, 
  why is it illegal ? 
  how can we say it is illegal ? 
  why then the wish for kosovo is not illegal ? 
  why should we ? 
  why not respect crimean wishes ? 
  they served the same purpose in kosovo as in crimea , right now crimea population want to be part of russia and not of ukraine why should we change that ? 
  do n't you care what these people want ?
