  so that 's your excuse for usa crimes ? 
  you are right, 
  it does n't seem they are fighting wahhabism . 
  it seems they are letting clergs do whatever they want, 
  but when sssr dissolved usa promised in some countries theere would be no bases , now putting bases there russia feels threatened and they have to respond atleast to keep face, 
  no russia is not an enemy we are fighting, 
  because genders have different preferences ? 
  so sa clerks are spreading wahhabism and funding terrorists and the goverment is n't doing shit right ? 
  is ukraine more relevant because isis which came for america intervention is way bigger threat than anything coming from ukraine . 
  also if we should n't have forgiven russia for their crimes why did we forgive usa ? 
  so they are not doing much if the clegy is still spreading wahhabism are they ? 
  yes, 
  what about america war in iraq ? 
  they did a criminal thing too, 
  by building new bases near russia ? 
  how does they fight it ? 
  do they stop the wahhabism funding ? 
  usa helped for that a low , it 's time to seek peace, 
  is the government doing something to spread wahhabism then ? 
  what ? 
  russia invaded ukraine because there was shit going on in their backyard . 
  what do you think would happen fi similar thing happened near usa . 
  i 'm not really rusophile i just do n't want cold war 2.0 . 
  also russia resourses are far inferior to usa ones . 
  most would n't be, 
  and where is the clergy ? 
  well the us is one of the main reason for western infighting, 
  no it is n't half of iraq was in isis control . 
  mattis said they were loosing in afganistan just yesterday, 
  yes but only after we wo n't suffer without it . 
  we should . 
  i agree i 'm mad with western europeans selling arms too . 
  the thing is the rest is hiding in usa shadow . 
  also the usa is the reason sa is in power in the middle east, 
  no i 'm not . 
  usa is the reason sa is in power in the middle east , it 's time for the eu to stop supporting the usa/canada/uk / france actions, 
  not if it hurts europe . 
  there is no reason to be in economical war with russia . 
  best course of action is for the eu to start an independent foreign policy of that of usa, 
  no the war started because the president of syria cut people who were suppported by sa testicles off for drawing pictures of him . 
  the arms help sa extend their control on the me, 
  the war started because poor sunnis helped by sa started rioting because assad is shia and is in good terms with iran . 
  europe is at fault too but the main reason sa is on the political stage is usa also usa sells them the most weapons, 
  but the biggest seller is usa , the reason sa has any power is usa do you really know nothing ? 
  not if your economy is too bad to wage war, 
  i would not agree, 
  yes it is . 
  usa helping sa is the reason there is war in syria right now . 
  that was when oil prices were high , also they did n't invade an eu nor nato county also crimea is like kosovo, 
  the war started by syrian soldiers backed by sa . 
  why would the usa intervene there ? 
  no afganistan should n't have been done because of the 9/11 attacks . 
  majority of 9/11 terrorists were from saudi arabia . 
  iraq was biggest crime against humanity for the 21 century . 
  also is the reason isis exists . 
  also when you sell your weapons and buy oil from sa you give sa power and gives them the opportunity to spread wahhabism in europe i believe it 's quite obvious, 
  i 'm happy for you then . 
  i 've met a couple . 
  they were proteges of one of ours anropologist professors, 
  no it is n't . 
  also russia is on the brink of economical collapse they do n't want war or to invade any country near them . 
  they ca n't financially sustain that , they just want trade, 
  funding moderate rebels and striking assad regime is not involvment ? 
  also what about iraq and afganistan ? 
  what about their help to sa which is spreading wahhabism in europe ? 
  russia is hardly a threat but usa on the other hand is, 
  really ? 
  why would you ? 
  us military is killing civilians non stop they also believe that iran is the biggest problem in the me and not sa , they just want war so their military complex get money, 
  not really for the last 20 years they 've mainly brought us war on our borders and refugee crisis, 
  we are not faced by such a choice . 
  eu is stronger than russia right now . 
  sorry no i was referring to the whole show and was talking about people who think that everything is social construct, 
  do n't buy new mercedes then, 
  they are not really doing objective reasearch , they have an agenda and are trying to push it, 
  it 's only paradox for people who are trying to push things like gender studies, 
  no , we pay for our shit ,, 
  of course but she is not just doing that she is pushing him in from as her bulgarian representative . 
  even when he was not in power, 
  if you consider that good . 
  anyway the bad things overweight the goods thousands of times, 
  it 's also bad idea to have uncontrolled mena immigration, 
  what ? 
  have n't you figured it already , european values and human rights matter to the west only when there is no money to be made . 
  just look how they are selling arms to sa and are helping them in un, 
  or not . 
  maybe the people upvoted are the rational ones, 
  they are not free money, 
  it 's not that we made a token gesture there are some camps with 2-3k people but they do n't go for refugee status , we got some from a program resetling and only two are staying, 
  not if you are near a no go zone, 
  we know we see sweden, 
  you seem to have a problem did some eean stole your girlfriend or something ? 
  also the west get free access to ee market that 's the reason that we are in eu not because of some sort of solidarity, 
  we are not getting any free money, 
  the eastern europeans ? 
  receive what ? 
  what agreement ? 
  austria too is not okay with refugees . 
  i would gladly accept people from iran too . 
  helping with fighting corruption what ?
