  why do you think there were n't un troops in kosovo ? 
  majority of crimeans always wanted to be part of russia since some retarded soviet union leader gave crimea to ukraine as a present to his mistress . 
  both is against international law , also crimea declared independence from ukraine for a couple of days and joined the russian federation as the self declared republic of crimea, 
  it 's exactly the same with kosovo . 
  why did we support their wishes ? 
  should it be ? 
  why ? 
  why do n't we support the wishes of crimea ? 
  so what ? 
  kosovo nationality is albanian , they have their state called albania, 
  why would it become home for crimean tatars ? 
  are they the majority ? 
  crimeans do n't want to be part of ukraine and want to be part of russia ? 
  kosovo do n't want to be part of serbia and want to be part of albania , that was the reason kosovo was created . 
  why should we support the wishes of kosovars but not the crimeans ? 
  both do n't want to be part of serbia , ukraine respectively , crimeans wanted referendum to become independent from 1990s until now but kiev did n't let them . 
  i really do n't understand why the two things should be treated differently, 
  does it ? 
  why does eu supports kosovo independence then ? 
  i will and i 'm trying to influence my family and friends to do the same . 
  sadly i ca n't think of anything in english . 
  pretty much but your justice system is better working than ours, 
  well you are doing much better than us . 
  yes bulgaria is the best choice i believe even if they do n't enter this time they will for sure enter next time , this parlament wo n't last long anyway . 
  bsp are ex-communists and their children basically the people who fucked us while we were under communism , sadly the change between regimes was not violent like the one in romania and we did n't kill them . 
  does n't mean is higher than being a jew in israel, 
  i would n't criticize your mexican policies , they are not just poor people they are people whose culture is around stealing , begging making more children who would steal and beg for your and so on . 
  there are decent gypsies but they are a minority . 
  they were never farmers or producers or something, 
  there are no former russian spies mate, 
  well the gypsies are like a parasite , they do n't create anything, 
  for years the turkish party in bulgaria was called dps they were targeting the turkish minority in kardjali and were like feudals in this area , it 's first leader ahmed dogan was part of the bulgarian fbi , which was closely tied to russian oligarchs , so the party was getting it 's support both from moscow and ankara , there are some 150 000 bulgarian turks in european turkey and all of them voted for dps , last year after ankara shot the russian plane near the syrian borded dps leader in retirement ahmed dogan condemned the attacked and said we should support russia and break diplomatic ties with turkey or something like this . 
  the leader party then lutvi mestan left the party and created dost , trying to take part of dps votes so now they fight for the same electorate - the turks in bulgaria , dost is the party supported by ankara and dps is the party supported by moscow , both party leaders were ex-agents and have ties with the mafia , dost having the votes from turkey , so he is campaigning in turkish which is forbidden by bulgarian law , the two guys who are expelled are turkish agents . 
  tldr turk party supported by moscow is fighting against turk party supported by ankara, 
  why not 10 million much or less does n't matter to the indians, 
  what racism ? 
  if i search enough i will probably find some germans who want hitler to come back and kill some jews . 
  so what if they are poor ? 
  romania and bulgaria are poor countries , gypsies did n't add anything substantial to these countries on the other hand majority of old people , who worked all their lives are as poor as the gypsies but do n't get any benefits unlike the gypsies so we should first help these people then think about the gypsies, 
  but why should the government give housing to some random people ? 
  i will tell you why because in bulgaria we had 45 years in communism , which killed all of our intellectual elite and the new norms made people who only think about themselves and not at all about the common good , except that the `` politicians `` who were ruling after we overthrow communism where mainly people with close ties to our equivalent of fbi and children of other communists, 
  did they ? 
  do you know the laws in romania right after communism ? 
  even if the government had to maintain them , why did n't they found somewhere else to live 12 after their housing was deemed as unlivable ? 
  that 's because the country was transitioning from communism to democracy , and these building were asked to be returned to the owners from whom they were seized, 
  it seems that you do n't understand , these buildings are deemed as dangerous so there are no landlords , the gypsies living there are not paying anything to anyone the government just did n't evict them and let them live there for free for 12 years . 
   when a fire broke out in nicolae 's building 12 years ago , the state housing authority declared the property unsafe and refused to renew rental contracts but tolerated the families staying there . 
  did you ? 
  they were not paying shit, 
  but i can , so please tell your government to let these gypsies in india , but i must tell you even most of them use toilets here, 
  yeah the people in the article lived in a house which was deemed unsafe in 2005 and the contract with the government ended , after that they lived there without paying for anything , it 's common for gypsies , one winter some gypsies broke into a house my parents inherited from their grand grand parents in a small mountain village and stole absolutely everything there was to be stolen , i do n't have much pity for these people, 
  who 's offering housing ? 
  at least we can afford not to shit on our streets  also there are around 500 000 gypsies , air tickets are 500 usd , which mean we need 250\u00a0000\u00a0000 in 2016 we had 1 500\u00a0000\u00a0000 suprlus so yeah we can afford to send them your way , question is if your government wants them, 
  from what i know amish living is supported mainly by them and they build their houses and plant their food , on the other side gypsies are like a parasite living with the host nation , they mainly steal , beg for money or are involved in prostitution . 
  they ca n't live without a nation to support them . 
  there are some who are trying to integrate and i feel bad about them because most people are prejudiced but that 's understandable because the rest really are scum . 
  most of the governments in ee buy their votes when it 's election time for like 20-30 euro , so they do n't prosecute them hard , which furthermore adds fuel to the fire . 
  pls come get them all i believe if your government ask we will even gather money to buy them the tickets, 
  there is no law for social housing, 
  yeah the one is pc term for the other, 
  france are the ones deporting people here kiddo, 
  well maybe we should send them to you cuz we do n't want them here , there is no reason to treat them better, 
  you do n't understand my friend , they wo n't settle they will travel as is in their culture , they will just travel between your cities, 
  yeah i 'm aware, 
  yeah they should get caravans like their ancestor and travel between french cities where they get social benefits , that way everyone will be happy, 
  there were little to none thracians when the bulgars came, 
  the balkans were largely depopulated in the 5th , 6th and 7th centuries , because of constant invasions of barbarians from the other side of danube and plagues , then slavs came and became the majority and then bulgarians came and mixed with the slavs , there were some tracian remnants but they were mainly living high in the mountain villages and did n't mix , were not bothered with the rest , some historians believe these tracians are part of what 's later called the vlachs, 
  and the government should n't provide social housing for them , some years ago bulgarian goverment did it and the gypsies sold their apartaments and went to the streets again, 
  well in a free travel union like the eu , romanian gypsies should go to france and live with their french brothers without a problem right ? 
  yeah we should try to do it again and will do it right this time i promise . 
  best things in life huh :d, 
  good for us, 
  that should be banned because calls for acts of violence , not because it supports isis, 
  you 're welcome albania, 
  you seem quite mad . 
  ca n't take a joke ? 
  they are easing the terms , and are waiting greece to show it wants real change, 
  look at me , that 's my car now !, 
  the solution is to make fundamental changes in your financial systems ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  other people to pay for the good life you greeks could n't afford ? 
  lets not pretend greece did n't know about these debts and did n't do shit for two decades too . 
  anyway it 's just a joke, 
  do n't like paying debts, 
  gib dobrudja back, 
  yes, 
  cool, 
  you said that '' if he lost the popular vote , means that he had more people wanting him to not be president than for him to become president '' , which is not true , what is true that in an electoral election more people bothered to vote against him than for him . 
  you also said that most people voted for hillary which is also irrelevant in an electoral vote . 
  you ca n't compare his popularity with electoral vote results , and you ca n't make any implications from the popular vote results . 
  and since the beginning the majority of americans did n't want either candidates, 
  no it does n't mean that he had more people wanting him to not be president than for him to become president . 
  it means he won the electoral election . 
  you ca n't guess what would have happened if the election was decided by popular vote , because election results from electoral elections are different from election result from popular vote elections , you simply ca n't compare the two of them . 
  it 's idiotic to do that . 
  he is n't even my idol , the only thing i like about him is that eu nations will see we need to be more separate from the us, 
  popular vote does n't matter in electoral election , why people still bring this shit up, 
  the party simply wo n't let him run, 
  sorry i 've misread your original comment, 
  well they are using the title ceaser , which they consider to be emperor , simeon used emperor because he felt as the hegemon of the balkans and was preparing to take constantinople and become emperor of both bulgarians and romans .
