  this is n't a high bar and the only country that you think is more democratic is having apartheid on palestinians, 
  not for him obviously, 
  he gives money to ngos who are shipping immigrants posing as refugees from libya to syria, 
  why i thought it was nero that did that ? 
  thank you for your response mate, 
  well migrants have no place in europe, 
  can you explain what antipasta is ? 
  why is called like this ? 
  and what 's the difference with pasta ? 
  wrong tunis is the closest, 
  well we are still waiting for one, 
  why not they are infinitely entertaining, 
  well guy does n't sound right, 
  the pal is the next one not guy, 
  so semantincs ? 
  because israel is building houses for israeli in occupied territory and is enforcing israeli law on palestinians, 
  i 'm not saying trump is going to make it better , but maybe with trump people will realise that usa politics are really shitty, 
  and what about the palestinians do they have rights ? 
  i agree , still the americans did n't do good there they made an apartheid state, 
  well almost-apartheid then , because it 's coming very close to it , even other israeli were [ saying that ] ( https://theintercept.com/2017/03/22/top-israelis-have-warned-of-apartheid-so-why-the-outrage-at-a-un-report/ ), 
  the palestinians literally got their gifted solar panels stolen by israelis because they do n't follow some israeli laws , in which palestinians does n't have any say . 
  if that is not apartheid i do n't know what is, 
  so graceful of you , if only you were as graceful with the poor palestinians, 
  sometimes to get better it has to get worse . 
  trump shows the world that usa is really not democratic and neither values human rights . 
  his persona is just giving usa flaws more publicity which is good, 
  why ? 
  is this the only way you get off ? 
  the apartheid state, 
  western values ? 
  you mean selling weapons to ksa ? 
  he is pretty much on point there, 
  but he is showing that the system is not working, 
   also , not sure if you noticed but the usa is not a good country by any measure okey we take your usa refugees you get our mena refugees  how are they illegal ? 
  they are protected by international law . 
  majority of them are neither from syria nor lybia , they have no place in europe  no , because his fascist ideas are spreading like wildfire throughout the world . 
  he is literally hitler right, 
  because trump is the first guy who thought about stopping illegal immigration . 
  if you want we can send all these immigrants to you , it 's easy to have open borders when you are next to usa only . 
   europe wants to abide by its own values . 
  much values much solidarity , meanwhile the west sells weapons to ksa , germany is trying to build ns2 and siemens is sending wind turbines to crimea roflmao values, 
  careful you would be banned for even saying that this is a possibility worth considering, 
   it 's time to put on the big boy pants . 
  definitely and start shipping illegal immigrants back to africa and cutting immigration at all, 
  human rights are just words for we anyway , if we cared about human rights they would n't be selling weapons to ksa and giving them un seats, 
  let them have it , you need eastern ksa, 
  or you can give them to iran , anyway far better than invading iraq , or you do n't go near mecca and medina at all, 
   would be a religious war so no difference with now ? 
  better than having wahhabists in europe , also why did usa attacked iraq and not ksa ? 
  not at all . 
  that 's bullshit , if usa can invade iraq for no reason and crush them for a couple of months they can do the same with ksa, 
  from the article  however , criticism of the rapprochement with iran is not only based on strategic considerations , as several critics point out at the iranian record on human rights and treatment of political dissidents . 
  mail me some, 
  we were preparing to attack germany and that way try to keep away from ussr , but one of our generals who was secretly a commie told our pm we should way before attacking because we would loose troops we waited too much and got communism, 
  gib dobrogea back, 
  idk i doubt it tho , drugs are good money, 
  because we sucks saudis dick for money ? 
  why are they having problems with iran human rights , while are buddies with saudi arabia . 
  it seems biggest wester european value is hypocry, 
  well i 'm more than happy for bulgaria to pay to enforce it 's borders . 
  or maybe we stop acting like little bitches and start enforcing our borders ? 
  oh i feel so bad about the poor bangladeshi in libya , we definitely have to greet them to europe, 
  is this coming from `` everyone i do n't like is hitler '' a childs guide to online political discussion, 
  well the guy is giving money to those ngos, 
  we also helped trafficking drugs to we so i think our values pretty much align cia values, 
  i think it 's time to outsource prisons, 
  only if this does n't mean we are open for american shitty food industry, 
  people like soros are paying them, 
  when we were commies we sold weapons to regimes , maybe we are in the eu because of former glory, 
  i see you 've read the sjw guide to the internet which constitutes that everyone which a different opinion is either : a ) nazi b ) fascist c ) literally hitler d ) the_donald sub e ) all of the above, 
  migrants from bangladesh what ? 
  congrats you decribed half of the world, 
  all of the refugees which are registered here which number is two are in bulgaria , we are doing our part, 
  as an ignorant eastern european i have to ask is selling weapons to ksa and defending terrorists a european value ? 
  cuz in ee we are behind in the values and we wan na keep up . 
  well i wantt the eu part keep the rest, 
  i 'm aware of that , but later on what stops germany to compel us to keep them in bulgaria , we are also taking the quota i believe, 
  not so sure if the west tries to force us . 
  i 'm okay with immigration but with very strict controls . 
  that would be good, 
  can we start with illegal immigration reforms ? 
  yeah but non were the capital city of england i do n't think the rest of the country would let that happen, 
  can they even do that ? 
  i doubt they would, 
  i think for eu it would be the best to take it 's financial services to the continent , they generate way too much money , jobs and benefits to be left in uk, 
  why would the eu give them free trade on financial services ? 
  that does n't sound too bad tho, 
  send us some cold weather \u0431\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0443\u0448\u043a\u0438, 
  do n't be a bitch , i would give my arm for 25, 
  one of our decent education systems is the medical one, 
  well you still have not argumented yourself, 
  of course he is doing some good shit , that way people defend him when he do bad shit, 
  how do you know my capital market knowledge ? 
  are you spying on me ? 
  you are still not making any arguments , you are trying to make an ad hominem attack . 
  you guys seem really triggered, 
  he is hated because he is a terrible human being who is playing with entire countries, 
  in bulgaria there was a news article these days that he felt sick on one of his public speeches so there is a chance . . 
  i 'm happy you feel good . 
  it would be hard to portrait soros as such a negative person if he did n't do an awful lot of evil shit , only for his help of ngos he should be jailed .
