  prove that i do n't your stupid claims are yours to be proven , no untrained man are crushed by the 1 % of trained women there is a big difference, 
  well they can stay in turkey as far as im concerned, 
  i 'm misread what you meant , anyway if they are really running away from war why are they majorly men ? 
  less then 50 % are from syria , i do n't think anyone from yemen can come to eu, 
  nah i 'm correcting a guy on the terms he is using on the illegal immigrants coming into eu, 
  i did n't say that, 
  well then communism symbols should be banned too, 
  i ran 50 meters for 7.5 in school and i was 100 kg so it 's bullshit that i ca n't run 100 meters in under 20 seconds, 
  evidence of what ? 
  show me how many gender scientists debunk the pay gap, 
  is n't nazism also banned ? 
  well the main reason they are coming into europe is because of benefits, 
  my claim is that pseudo scientist from the gender studies are not even trying to debunk the myth of the pay gap so that shows me they have no integrity and should n't be taken seriously, 
  another try for ad hominem you are so cute , and how many trained women are there ? 
  also are they taking doping or not ? 
  why should n't communism be illegal , that 's a pretty good law . 
  most of these people coming to the eu are not even refugees, 
  not without a reason, 
  not every muslims are bad , but those who are salafists definitely are , why is the government not doing anything, 
  statistic show us that right now in western countries more women prefer social studies instead of stem , for some people for unknown for me reasons this is the consequences of some invisible bias engraved into the girls since their birth , for me it 's more logical that it 's just because they naturally are more drawn into these studies . 
  culture is involved as much as letting or not letting these girls into stem at all , there are no gender biases in stem big enough so girls would run away from stem because of them , on the other hand it 's easier for girls in stem because people want equal representation . 
  but statistics show us the rates now , do n't show us what created these rates . 
  it 's both culture and prosperity , obviously in sa when you are forbidden to study as a woman you wo n't get in stem , but in norway in which every women is given the opportunity to do whatever they want and are not opressed if they choose soft studies instead of stem it 's because of their nature not because of the culture . 
  i think that there are no stigmas for women in stem , and even if there we they would n't be strong enough to dissuade them so easily , i also belive that if culture was so predominant we would see less women in stem in poorer easstern countries than in richer western countries, 
  i doubt tht , also in the documentary posted above there was one guy who said that showing mechanical object to newborn males made them react more than human faces and the opposite showing human faces to newborn females made them react more than showing them mechanical objects, 
  nobody said that we evolved , we are just free from the need to work for our food or our shelter , in the way our ancestors did so we can just follow what we want , in the last 50 years western countries give more and more socially benefits . 
  it 's bullshit you have to work harder now than 50 years ago , it 's nature because women from societies which are more feminist and are raised in countries in which women are persieved as equal to men , are not higher in stem but are lower as a percentage . 
  there was some culture about not allowing women to work 50 years ago , but that 's long gone, 
  and it 's so huge that it influence 9 month olds sure, 
  the very best , ca n't deny them that, 
  what research point me massive conferences by people in gender studies disproving the fake wage gap, 
  nature changed in the past 50 years in a tremendous ways for people , westerners living in societies do n't have to do much to live , unlike people 100 years ago who had to work hard for their bread . 
  now women can freely choose what they want to work , with no drawbacks and they prefer jobs , in which they interact with other people , while men choose jobs in which are needed more mechanical skills , which means that women prefer soft sciences and men prefer stem because they are more predisposed by their nature , on the other hand in societies which are poorer and life is harder women tend to pick stem for the money and a way to escape from there . 
  they are but russian state does n't provide as much benefits as the western ones so women kinda have to go for higher paying jobs, 
  nobody want 's your feminazi you need to keep them . 
  yeah sure , young parents tell boys from the first day you must play with male toys boy, 
  and you probably never will be able to , why people fight so hard against nature ? 
  what 's the problem with women liking one thing and men liking another ? 
  well you have the right of a personal opinion . 
  it 's the same with boys , i doubt the shit they have on cn makes you study in stem, 
  again `` wat '' ? 
  yeah sure , but in a normal society they are both roughly the same level of training , and there men are much better in physical activities and also , while trained woman are comparable to untrained men , they are absolutely incomparable to trained men, 
  well i just think that if there is a major lie in the part of science you are in , you should make your best to debunk it and i do n't see anyone doing that , so there is something fishy about it, 
  it 's not a youtube documentary its a documentary posted in youtube there is a difference, 
  what ? 
  prove to me that these ratios come from gender inequality and not for biological preferences . 
  what ?? 
  even in monkeys there are huge difference between male and female bone density and muscle, 
  did you check all the publications concerning all of the episodes of hjernevask ? 
  no , you still have n't answered why they do n't debunk a huge myth concerning their `` studies '' . 
  no it does n't from biology came the difference in men and women work in societies , maybe happened after agriculture and domestication , maybe before agriculture . 
  the people on the culture side do n't have actual decent research , but the ones supporting nature are giving good research, 
  i 'm not hurt you are , and you are continuously dodging my question, 
  well you still have n't given proof that women are not accepted in stem fields in western societies , so i ca n't take you seriously, 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matriarchy how doing house work requires more leadership than ~ ~ doing house work ~ ~ leading an army ? 
  i understand that if they really had any credibility they would have come out and destroy the gender pay gap myth like other scientists are destroying the myth that there is no global warming, 
  maybe you are making bullshit up, 
  first most anthropologists believe that there are no known societies that are unambiguously matriarchal . 
  second i never said women were less capable to decide who could lead . 
  third i meant that male activites were required more leadership , which lead to the belief that men are better than women , which lead to denying women their rights, 
  yeah and most said they observed it 's easier for them than for boys , it 's beyond me that a girl is mocked for being a girl in math class too, 
  and how do you measure gender equality and why do you think there is less gender equality in norway than russia, 
  really good , hope this guy makes another one, 
  progressive as being able to have the same options as a boy and a girl , pretty obvious what kind of progressive we are talking about with this context . 
  i doubt that women in sweden are facing less acceptance in stem in norway for example than in india . 
  i know girls in exact sciences and it 's bullshit they are not welcomed , also i 've seen professors mock boys too , if they really wanted to be working in stem they would , i also know a lot of guys working in it and i know that employers tend to get lower qualified women only because they are women so they have lesser gender disparity , so the odds are in their favor not against them . 
  there is no gender gap , gender gap would mean one of the sexes is paid less because of the said sex , the difference money earned between women and men in western societies are because of the choices they make . 
  still you have n't answered me if they were credible scientists with integrity why the majority of gender studies professors and lectors are not going out and debunking the `` gender pay gap '' as it is portrayed by feminist , like other scientists are debunking the claim that there is no global warming, 
  yeah voting was based on difference between genders , because women used to work around the house/living place and men hunt , gather and fight , so naturally the men became leaders and women followers , which followed to thinking women were inferior , which followed that women became property and were not allowed to vote . 
  can you give me evidence it 's not ? 
  really ? 
  who are more progessive then them ? 
  i really doubt there are a lot other countries , in which both genders have the same posibilites . 
  what research ? 
  why are they not talking against gender pay gap on tv , like scientist talk about global warming ? 
  does n't it ? 
  which gender is it ? 
  if it 's the female why are they not going into stem and instead go to gender studies ? 
  these diffrences are definitely not a cultural construct , if they were progressive countries like norway and sweden would have closer men/women ratios at these jobs , but instead these rates are even more disproportionate . 
  also why should we battle gender division if that 's what the genders want ? 
  maybe just maybe these task divisions are based on differences between genders ? 
  it 's not gender inequality it 's gender difference , for example norway which is to be considered one of the most `` equal '' countries in the world , is the country in which most difference between men and women job is the highest http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xp0tg8_hjernevask-brainwashing-in-norway-english-part-1-the-gender-equality-paradox_news pretty cool documentary, 
  well where are these academics when bullshit like the gender pay gap are talked about on the tv and people believe then , what are the graduates of these programs doing ? 
  because most of it is bullshit , because the majority of professors are biased feminists . 
  when is the election tomorrow or sunday ? 
  surprise surprise leaving people like him roaming freely will lead to terror , who would have though . 
  i would ask obama why was he supporting the war in yemen and helping the saudis . 
  wan na bet on it ? 
  wo n't change a thing , there are plenty of muslims there already, 
  referendum is over time to give him the boot, 
  but do n't affect nerves the way circumcision does and are also done on the explicit wish of the body owner , it 's definitely not like a ear piercing, 
  more like thracexist and aegexit, 
  turkey separate when ? 
  earlobe and ear are also bad comparison , because mgm has real consequences to a person 's feeling in the penis while a remove of earlobe does n't have any negative consequence except aesthetic ones and pain, 
  well those deaths are the consequences of their actions, 
  no it is n't , it 's more like loosing half a hand compared to a hand . 
  it 's not hysteria it 's a real issue and it 's as disgusting and damaging as fgm , maybe a little bit less , but absolutely ca n't compare them with cutting your hair and scalping you . 
  well so they are both body mutilations , which are damaging, 
  it 's definitely not healthy and it should be banned altogether . 
  why ?
