  you can use quota for some immigrants, 
  and how many are people affected compared to obese people ? 
  is it low ? 
  it 's not from a country with 81 millions , these child brides are from the immigrants which are around 1 million , also even if it were for 81 million it 's still extremely high, 
  is it ? 
  a lot of people seem to accept that beating nazis ' is okay , so why not start beating commies too ? 
  antifa are acting like nazi brown shirts , they do n't target only nazis , they target anyone who they percieve as nazi , also if you can target nazis for their crimes in ww2 , should n't we also target commies in the same way ? 
  but people are trying to normalize it , do n't see anorexic girls because of model ads either, 
  eh so now is the time for a change right ? 
  what 's the drama about ? 
  they are oligarchs like borisov , they appear as far right only to get some votes , also their leaders were from national security ( bulgaria 's equivalent of kgb ) like the majority of bulgaria politicians . 
  nah , we have better idea elect saudi arabia for woman 's right 's commision, 
  well that 's one guy in the sea of shitty politicians, 
  i 'm okay with it , but we send you all the gypsies, 
  we should back assad, 
  sadly politicians with anti immigration agenda are with shitty politics on everything else, 
  you are aware that these people are pedophiles right ? 
  yes there is http://www.dw.com/en/german-justice-minister-demands-tighter-child-marriage-laws/a-36273151, 
  nice to have child brides yes ? 
  because greece is responsible for the state they were , which required austerity, 
  those borders are soo ugly, 
  i do n't think putin is stupid either . 
  from my understanding these foods are obtained after the animals ' throat is split while the animal is conscious and it 's conscious while it 's dying . 
  i mean butcheries like the meat factiories . 
  i believe in nordic countries they are banned because they believe the treatment is too cruel for the animals, 
  if le pen was pro eu she would be far better than macaron, 
  why not ban these butchers , are n't they already banned in some of the nordic countries . 
  well eu needs to grow a backbone and push hard, 
  we should support someone there then, 
  well he will have to wait a lot with statements like this, 
  you are lying serbs sent the train not russians, 
  but there is no reason to help them in the eu when we can help them in turkey or lybia, 
  does it excuse them ? 
  well albanian pm talks about merge with kosovo, 
  the people of kosovo started killing serbs with their paramilitary corps too, 
  it makes one of the agreements behind independent kosovo was that it would never merge with albania, 
  serbia is quite related to kosovo , also albania pm was talking about that recently , so that 's why serbia is talking of war, 
  no it 's because kosovo and albania want to merge together, 
  being preferred by males ? 
  no , but aegean turkey separating from central turkey would be good, 
  nah it 's an ad hominem attack and it shows you have no arguments . 
  you said that when these countries entered the eu it was against britain wishes , someone told you britain could veto it , then you said that british government is not the british people , i 'm telling you that british people did n't do anything to challenge their government , which in democratic countries means that they silently agree with the government i do n't understand what 's so hard to grasp . 
  also you still try some ad hominem , which further points your lack of actual arguments . 
  yes, 
  it is the people , whether you like it or not . 
  if your people really had a problem with bulgaria and romania joining in 2005 then they would have rioted in 2005 and call for new elections . 
  they did n't it shows they agree with your government , that 's how democracy works . 
  also you still try for ad hominem , which show you do n't have anything substantial to say , which actually proves my point . 
  nice ad hominems boy , shows that you have no argument . 
  government is the people , if your people really did n't want bulgaria and romania when they joined they would have voted the government out back in 2005 . 
  obviously they did n't which means that they agree with the government . 
  british people did n't see shit . 
  you left eu 10 years after romania and bulgaria joined which means that your government had the consent of your people when they decided not to veto it , so all this talk how your government did n't represent your people when they did n't veto new countries is bullshit and all your talk is bullshit . 
  nah you are running away from the questions . 
  and you do n't understand democracy either . 
  why do you even think they would do that ? 
  when was the protests ? 
  you can write however you want , you did n't try to bring change i have n't seen massive protest when these countries came into the eu , you have retarded prime minister who wanted to solidify his positions and managed to change the peoples mind from pro eu to anti eu with his terrible campaign . 
  nah , you mainly said that your government does n't represent your nation , brexit is the result of cameron being terrible politician, 
  if it does n't you go out and protest until they go down , if your people really did n't want these countries in eu , they should have changed the governments, 
  the people voting for these governments are responisble for these decisions . 
  any time you could have vetoed new countries you do n't want , but you did n't . 
  your government consent is the consent of your people . 
  if you are miserable all your life maybe duying is nice change , although le pen and trump election would n't kill them . 
  and seriously do you think majority of trump supporters vote for him because he is `` racist '' ? 
  no it 's a change and if you are struggling any change is welcomed even if it does n't benefit you atleast that 's their thinking . 
  it 's stupid to say things like they are idiots or call racism . 
  eh really is it much different ? 
  sa is waging war in yemen and using white phosphorus on children , and they are supporting `` moderate '' rebels in syria , same with qatar . 
  yeah good old european terrorists bombing uhhh nothing and nazi parades with billions people, 
  oh did n't think of that, 
  well this conflict is one of usa idiotic policies . 
  should have been thought about before supporting usa idiotic policies in me, 
  victim complex ? 
  it just shows that the failure of the left has been going on for a while, 
  ca n't we have pro-eu anti-immigration party please, 
  but they are all doctors and engineers , how could they be involved in crime ? 
  did n't you have some kind of a castle next to your name ? 
  we should change that, 
  sure totally legit ahahha, 
  not if it is self defence, 
  which is the reason we have many parties , that way radicals do n't get in power, 
  and we can stop letting immigrants in, 
  source please, 
  nobody is equating refugees with invading armies and also most `` refugees '' in eu should be considered illegal immigrants since they come from turkey which is a safe country, 
  nah she was around 50 % right before the elections , only idiots from sites like huffpost believed that she had 99 % winning chance, 
  it 's not real communism lets go with communism again meme is still alive ? 
  pretty sad that frederick barbarossa drowned and the third crusade kinda failed, 
  well then you can go to nk where communism is still alive, 
  you do n't understand . 
  what i 'm saying is that if your a scientist and in your field there is lie spreaded by the media , you deny her and prove her wrong, 
  i hope you are joking, 
  you are not even making coherent sentences, 
  you do n't understand . 
  what i 'm saying is that if your a scientist and in your field there is lie spreaded by the media , you deny her and prove her wrong, 
  no , but if bullshit is said in your science niche you go out and tell people that 's it bullshit , like people telling that the earth is not flat . 
  not really most girls in my class were above 8 seconds you seem to be really delusional . 
  does n't change the fact that those girls you say are better than most males are exceptions, 
  obviously if idiots go on tv nonstop and talk about flat earth and other idiots believe them and it 's starts to influence our world , they should . 
  i 'm well aware of science , not denying vehemently the pay gap should what kind of `` scientists '' they are,
