  maybe they used the syrian attack and simultaniously gas the civilians , rebels would have everything to win if they do that , on the other hand assad would have everything to loose, 
  well assad destroyed his chemical arsenal after 2013 so there is as much evidence pointing to rebels having chemical weapons as much as assad having them, 
  but can they provide information that these jets were using chemical bombs and did n't just hit some chemical factory or store ? 
  also would n't it still be better to go into the airfield and search for some evidence for chemical weapons ? 
  it 's one source from 3 years , maybe now more of the rebels can create chemicals . 
  it is not useless comparison , it 's the same , there was no reason for an attack before an official un investigation , if the airport the us attack was said to be used for creating and bombing with chemical weapons would n't it be better to be intact so un can check what really happens there ? 
  it is a less not more , other chemical attacks in syria could also be contributed to rebels , so we cant say it 's definitely assad, 
  what propaganda ? 
  we know that not only assad but also rebels had means to make chemical weapons , we know that assad has only to loose from a chemical weapons attack , we know that the rebels have only gains from the chemical weapons attack . 
  we know that nobody waited for an investigation . 
  we know that us claimed that iraq had wmd as pretext to invade iraq and we know what happened after that . 
  we know us attack evaporated 200 civilians last week or smth like that . 
  what we do n't know is that it is absolutely certain that assad did it . 
  we should investigate and then if assad is behind the attack take required measures . 
  what straws mate ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/08/syria-chemical-weapons-not-assad-bild the thing is we know that more than one party is capable of using chemical weapons and we are not sure how many of the chemical attacks are from assad and not from third parties . 
  in the last chemical attack i do n't see a reason for assad to be behind her , it 's only a loose - loose situation for him . 
  were they ? 
  the us ia said that rebels were capable of creating chemical weapons , maybe the airforce hit a factory or something ? 
  why should n't everyone wait for an investigation ? 
  rebels were also capable of creating chemical weapons and could use them it 's not certain who did it, 
  yeah isis killing people who are not muslims are totally not responsible and it 's assad fault right ? 
  are really all dead because of him ? 
  only his fault ? 
  maybe just maybe us should n't have armed the rebels and isis this might have helped with the death toll and the depopulation . 
  why do you propose to back in the civil war if not assad ? 
  isis or the `` moderate '' rebels , who are religious fanatics like isis ? 
  yeah cuz having a country which will be sending terrorist every fucking day they exist is better then someone who 's killing rebels and minding his own business . 
  should we fight assad , except the kurds most of the other rebels factions are on isis level of extremism , i would much prefer assad than some other isis . 
  yeah half of the refugees in europe are from syria and the reason is because usa supported the rebels and helped isis . 
  i do n't think i 've heard of any problems for the syrian christians from assad regime . 
  the eu should have it 's own opinion and should n't follow usa blindly . 
  a lot more time passed since the start of the war in iraq . 
  no they did n't . 
  even us investigators said that there is no irrefutable claim that assad used the chemicals in ghouta and also stated that some ebel factions were capable of sarin production . 
  the ghouta investigations stated that there is no irrefutable claim that assad used chemical weapons and us intelligence agencies assessed some rebel factions were capable of sarin production , so it might have been the rebels . 
  when did he use ? 
  if you can prove undeniably that was assad using the chemical weapons there should be intervention but can you ? 
  why would n't us wait for official un investigation ? 
  why would assad use chemical weapons days after us said that his regime can stay in syria ? 
  should n't we wait for an investigation first ? 
  why would syria use chemical gas when they are winning and things are turning to their favor, 
  because us is a bigger risk to global peace than russia, 
  in front of it it 's one of the best parks in bulgaria to get wasted, 
  which is really pathetic , re-electing someone who does n't keep one of his main promises because it does n't suit him, 
  better than the one in america, 
  there is estimation that 2-3 million bulgarians live outside bulgaria, 
  so most are leaving ? 
  and what happens when they are not accepted ? 
  and on what reason are they seeking asylum ? 
  how many ee residents are coming to seek asylum in germany in 2017 ? 
  if you think we will let them in you are delusional, 
  well then they should just stay in turkey and not get drafted . 
  well they had communism instead, 
  was n't his main point for election an election reform , which he just scrapped ? 
  what air strikes and gas attacks against refugees ? 
  absolutely problem is sa is funding more and more wahabi mosques in all of europe, 
  yeah but assad and putin knows that a chemical attack will get instantly in the news , and that would be far more damaging for them than the gain from showing force , which they can do even without chemical weapons , also assad was falsely blamed for a chemical attack before . 
  well if it 's not that dangerous in syria maybe they should stay there ? 
  do you really tell me that there is a higher chance a woman would be raped or starve to death in a journey through turkey to eu , than in a fucking war zone ? 
  also if your family is in danger would n't you want to be with them to protect them ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  if i have a family i would n't leave them in a war zone where their lives are in danger . 
  nobody is asking if the attack was real or not , they are asking why assad would do this . 
  you ca n't judge your experience without bias , i 'm not dreaming up possible reasons , it 's just there is a wide group of reasons for one 's salary and i really doubt you can measure them all . 
  also if there was a wage gap , which is in any way meaningful then most companies would hire mostly woman , because that would be extremely easy way to profit . 
  or maybe we can rely on occam 's razor and conclude it was n't him . 
  in official statements coming after the war saying the invasion was based on false rumours . 
  tell me how exactly are you a refugee and you leave your family in a war zone ? 
  are they ? 
  what about difference created by loyalty for example ? 
  how can you measure that ? 
  or maybe they are making the choice to go for lower-paying jobs, 
  what about productivity , personal skills , value to the company , ability to negotiate your salary , personal choices , overtime , willingness for more overtime , willingness to be on call 24/7 , willingness to come back from vacations if called and so on ? 
  are they and many more factors which could influence one 's salary accounted for ? 
  but how can you exactly pinpoin that they earn 4-7 % solely because they are women and not because they are not as productive or valuable, 
  it 's easy to ban funding from sa and turkey for instance also you can have agents in mosques which would listen what the imams are saying and jail imams who are talking about radical islam, 
  in some places you need to address them with their special pronouns, 
  i have n't said we should ban islam , we need to ban radical islam like salafism and wahhabism and start supporting more moderate islam, 
  is it what was the last time roamania ( whatever country this is ) did n't pay ? 
  why sad ? 
  but letting other countries break it without repercussions means we are not maintaining it , idk man it seems to me really stupid . 
  if everyone else is doing shit which is not ok according to international law why should we differ ? 
  how many of these 25 million are from russia ? 
  why do you think they will immigrate to eu ? 
  yes we should, 
  and what is this as percent of the entire ee population ? 
  also islam is 7 % of russia not 15 and the rest are small countries, 
  yeah it means you can still do it, 
  how large exactly ? 
  but do they stone gays ? 
  you can never know in 2017 , his `` gf '' might be a boyfriend or non-binary or some other imaginary gender . 
  yes we do , because they wait for a italy patrool to be nearby before they sink their boat . 
  we can also use drones to observe them . 
  we can also ban all npos who teach them to sink their boats . 
  i do n't read breitbart your tries for ad hominem attack are really pathetic . 
  well if the anti-immigration crowd is also the anti-integration crowd then we should just not let them into the eu . 
  well it 's not like all other countries are not breaking it . 
  no money at all ? 
  none of the 27 members of eu ?
