  the usa is the one who got us these problems in the first place if the usa and sa did n't give weapons and money to the moderate `` rebels '' like isis we would n't have these problems . 
  these peoples are bombed during the war just like usa bombs people . 
  it seems you do n't have any actual argument so you have to call me a idiot to support your view . 
  why would assad step down now when half of his country is run by fucking islam fundamentalists supported by sa and usa . 
  yes you can have elections with eu officials for instance observing them . 
  you still do n't give any solution . 
  good night i 'm going to sleep, 
  and you have proof of the millions of people with family members got imprisoned , tortured , barrel bombed , poisoned , raped , looted , beaten ? 
  millions ? 
  also im sure he can be stopped from prosecuting them if we help him unify the country , he also said he is ready to step down and attend elections . 
  yes they are they are bombing their farms and letting them starving to death and what is your argument about because if we can support sa we can support assad too . 
  and do you know how can you prove to me that he will prosecute them ? 
  you are an idiot to believe assad would prosecute them he needs people to rebuild his country so he can be their dictator . 
  and the situation is not much more complex you ca n't say you value human rights while you support the biggest terrorist and fundamental islam exporter in the world , who is also waging war and doing genocide to the people of yemen is killing homosexuals and jailing women for being raped, 
  but if he is the sole ruler of syria he wo n't be sending them your way, 
  it does n't stop us to sell weapons to sa , so i do n't see why it should stop us helping assad, 
  i know that , i told you i 'm picking a side . 
  eu and usa support sa so they ca n't say they support human rights so it 's only politics left . 
  we can deport syrians in syria if assad do n't prosecute them , and also it 's quite obvious we must do anything to stop any new migrants coming into the eu, 
  it 's a dangerous book , it gives great power to two who use it 's wisdom in the fights on the internet, 
  instead of rooting for the brutal dictators in power because usa and eu allow it . 
  it 's hard to have a moral high ground when you support sa . 
  i do n't care about either . 
  i just want a stop to the migrant crysis and helping assad is the best decision for me, 
  if he was that weak he was long gone , and it 's not like the west did n't kill much more people in usa invasion of iraq, 
  assad 's syria looks nice to me, 
  assad has the power to gain control , but it would be long bloody and hard , it 's better to support him . 
  well assad is the probable winner , if we do n't intervene on his side we will just prolong the fighting, 
  and your solution to the problem is ? 
  or is it sa trying to change him with sunni leader making him go through that . 
  we will never know . 
  anyway now assad is our best option of something resembling peace in syria, 
  and what is your great solution to the problem ? 
  to continue not doing anything just like are now ? 
  he is not going anywhere anytime , he says he is okay to step down and have democratic elections what more do you want ? 
  some fucking `` moderate '' rebels , who share the same beliefs as isis to get hold of the country, 
  and nobody gives a fuck if you are okay with it or not . 
  it 's not your decision to make . 
  upper in the comments you can see that they are hunting about 0.2 % of the population which does n't heavily impact the ecosystems, 
  so an election would be even better if you think assad would n't win it . 
  a lot of the protestors were supported by sa because they wanted to remove assad as he is iran supporter and wanted someone who is sunni, 
  exactly the opposite, 
  neither is secret that the `` revolution '' was sponsored by the saudia arabia and wanted to create another jihadist state in syria , also assad said that he wants elections and he is ready to give up his power , maybe he is brutal and dictator but does n't mean he is not sympathetic with his people , most syrians support him, 
  well i hope they do , because that 's for the best, 
  not if the eu support assad, 
  how are iraqi kurdistan allies with erdogan are n't they like mortal enemies, 
  not at all they are evil but they have real chance to change the world in their image , so their actions although evil can be rationalised , they have win conditions which are possible , on the other hand turkey ca n't do much against the other world powers and is not a close ally to any of them , so erdogan can only hope to become dictator in turkey and hope the other world powers wo n't depose him with war or sanction him . 
  so he does n't have a future in which he is winner and turkey is growing stronger , he can only hope to stall or hope that the other powers around him are okey with the status quo . 
  that 's around 13 % while , afgani and iraq are around 30 % . 
  neither , as shitty as hitler and stalin were , they had the tools for world domination , whereas erdogan is nowhere near that . 
  you are right . 
  when i said that half of eu migrants were n't syrian i was generally speaking , although i do n't see how iraq and afganistan migrants can come to the eu without going through turkey, 
  in 2015 50 % of the migrants coming thru the medditeranian sea were syrian , which means 50 % of the migrants were not syrian . 
  note that 90 % + of migrants coming into the eu were thru the medditeranian . 
  30 % of them were from afganistan , iraq , pakistan and nigeria . 
  i was refering to these people . 
  they should n't be given asylum . 
  well maybe i was n't exact . 
  we can have camps in syria and other countries around . 
  also i 'm sure that assads troops are not treating all fleeing as dissidents , even as a dictator he needs people on which he can project his dictatorship and as half the country is not in syria right now i do n't believe he will treat them as dissidents . 
  on the other you are right and i 've exaggerated the non syrians coming to eu being more than half , but i believe there is a large majority which are n't syrian and are coming from iraq , afganistan and africa, 
  do you really think all the migrants coming towards europe and being in europe are dissidents ? 
  most of them are n't even syrian, 
  show him what ? 
  well we should have eu officials in the camps, 
  i prefer assad than isis or the other `` moderate '' rebels, 
  it does n't have to be protected by nato , it can be protected by syrian government, 
  i agree but russia also benefits from stable syria and syria in which is rising economically , because that way they will be able to say that russian interventions are good , and american interventions are bad, 
  why do you think russia will be against it, 
  and what is your argument ? 
  tell me how do we deal with the roma ? 
  nice response, 
  i see still no argumentation, 
  and what is the prove that i 'm not different than edrogan and his cult members ? 
  your biased opinion ? 
  only in western europe, 
  they were empire and shit , were the first europeans to go to japan, 
  and why it is a problem ? 
  do you think if there was something similar in turkey , turkish police would n't act way worse , even if the protests were peaceful . 
  why do you expect us to treat you humane and we do , while you do n't treat us the same way ? 
  i 'm approving violence used by the police to act against violent protest of turks in netherlands who are supporting a dictator and i do n't see any problem with them . 
  once per month, 
  i am cool buddy , we do n't have a problem with you , you have problem with us, 
  whatever values you have , there is a line to cross from where you have to expect reaction for your disgusting barbaric actions and turkey have passed the line long ago . 
  you ca n't expect europeans to tolerate edrogan and deal with his shit if you do n't do anything about him . 
  anyway i ca n't see any offensive on the russian side towards eu, 
  try to chips parts of turkey for themselves ? 
  spoiler alert : russia would n't . 
  they do n't war with europe , they are barely able to fight their proxy wars , also russians would n't fight with turks against europeans . 
  turkey has no allies who will help in a war with europe, 
  so what ? 
  we should stand up to him and sanction him, 
  if you do n't support him do n't go to protest in countries which are n't turkey and you wo n't get your eye exploded , if you do n't want hatred try to speak to your countrymen first , europe has been way more tolerant with turkey than it deserves, 
  no i 'm from the 2000s !, 
  side 2 : there is objective proof that gypsies do not want to integrate into the societies , are against changing their medieval traditions and abuse the social systems in the countries where they leave, 
  so is australia, 
  why, 
  ofcourse they wouldnt give uk a deal , there is no reason to, 
  yeah it would n't be optimal i would just be the best possible solution right now, 
  cameron got way more than any other eu country,
