  well maybe the west should stop backing saudi arabia huh ? 
  the uk and us should take them they are the reasons behind these wars . 
  but he is n't doing that, 
  less than 30 % are syrians the rest are just from poor countries, 
  not at all , choosing a side in lybia and syria will lead to peace which will be befenicial both to us and to libyians and syrians respectively, 
  around 10 % of muslims are fundamentalists around 60 % of muslims are for shariah law if you import big enough number you and your people will have to live under sharia whether you want it or not, 
  the solution is to send them back from where they came from, 
  no reason to have attacks in greece when you can go in uk/france/germany and make your attack there also greeks did n't interfere in me countries, 
  merkell saying everyone who comes will be welcomed is making his statement true, 
  20 millions ? 
  by 2050 africa will be 3 billion most of these people are piss poor , they will all want to come to europe if we let 20 million now we are only inviting a billion more after 20-30 years, 
  unwillingess to keep them out you mean, 
  no they are n't there were some random guys from isis who are in europe right now, 
  culture based on pedophile warlord who wants to kills jews what can be wrong with it ? 
  or ban them from coming here why would you let people who are hostile towards you ? 
  i have an idea they will probably still be radicalised, 
  what goodwill ? 
  it wo n't the idea behind is that the illegal immigrants would n't want to go there so they wo n't cross to italy and greece, 
  well we have to stop that loophole and put these ngos in prison, 
  but we do . 
  the west has been violating me countries sovereignty for the last 40-50 years, 
  someone is mad, 
  yes they are integrated in european societies but these coming from mena are n't and europeans will have to suffer a lot before we integrate them . 
  but for some stupid clauses some countries ca n't . 
  i still do n't understand why we let ngos to ship immigrants from africa to italy . 
  it 's going to stop terrorism that would happen after 20-30years if these people stay here and was n't the terrorist from germany christmas bazaar from tunis and iirc he should have been deported but he was n't ? 
  when is the election ? 
  why do you think i hate them . 
  i 'm just telling you if you want to be treated as an equal in macedonia do n't segregate yourself by voting for albanian parties but instead vote and participate in the other parties, 
  not at all dnc is not called the black party . 
  also how the fuck did it change from 25 to 40 % ? 
  if they want to get involved they should join/vote for parties because of their ideas and integrity not based on nationality also albanians are around 25 % not 40 %, 
  it 's still wrong tho . 
  what ? 
  you ca n't improve perfection, 
  what polls ? 
  just do n't talk about popular vote it shows you have no idea what you are talking about, 
  must be the amish huh ? 
  ah yeah with immigrants you got the gypsi packet + suicide bombing, 
  of course it does n't in an electoral vote, 
  from the gypsi part of poland, 
  and i 'm tired of people who still do n't understand that in an electoral college vote popular vote does n't matter and does n't show anything . 
  what ? 
  who you gon na vote for ? 
  you seem mad, 
  here comes the thought police, 
  if germany wants it can militarize for a couple of months, 
  there is no threat for nato to exists if eu has an army, 
  just saying that if the eu countries want they can block your veto powers so the uk ca n't just block everything for 2 years, 
  why do we need nato if we have a strong european army, 
  then all other countries can vote to remove your veto i believe, 
  but they are not really different if you look at them . 
  how are commies and fascists different ? 
  well there is n't especially between commies and fascists, 
  so are all the country leaders who invaded iraq, 
  well the countries doing it obviously show they do n't care about human rights or any of that sort and pretty much like fascists in that regard, 
  well then there is no much difference between fascists and their defeaters, 
  well maybe you should exercise better control of your banks unlike in greece ? 
  when ? 
  not at all antifa are oppressing everyone who is n't on their mind i 'm not blurring the lines . 
  antifa are the far left equivalent of neo nazis but are far more influential . 
  well maybe if the majority of her positions are left she is not a far right politician is she ? 
  on trump you are spot on.he did n't win an election hillary lost a rigged one . 
  on 4chan there was some recent polls which showed that majority of 4chan are n't even white . 
  biggest crime against humanity for the 21th century is usa intervention in the me . 
  do you want us to wage your illegal wars ? 
  but now america is waging their wars for influence in the me and europe is facing huge immigrant influx so usa are acting pretty much against our interests, 
  because kkk is in any way relevant in 2017 , and 4chan is not a shitposting site . 
  maybe a lot of the alt right are fascist but trump is not elected by them mainly but by normal republicans , also only far right party that 's on the rise is france le pen one which is closer to far left with only anti muslim anti immigrant stance being right, 
  but violence based on a person views is pretty much fascist, 
  because in war you can kill enemy soldiers ? 
  well i 'm saying they are the closest to a fascists which are relevant, 
  new market for your goods . 
  did they ? 
  when they were n't in war without even trials ? 
  well isis is hella close to a fascist state then . 
  and no there is difference between voters but the extremist on the both sides are exactly the same and antifa are extremists . 
  if it quacks like a duck and looks like a duck it 's a duck . 
  dubious connections ? 
  confusing motive and methods ? 
  they are beating people they believe to be nazi , just because they can get away with it . 
  sure then half america is fascist and they are living under fascism lmao, 
  are they beating people they percieve as anti gay, 
  is it really ? 
  cuz they look disturbingly close to nazi brown shirts . 
  especially when they call everyone they do n't like a nazi . 
  well they are the closest thing that is relevant and is using fascist methods , so kinda although it 's quite ironic, 
  ca n't watch it now , probably will later, 
  or better i choose to identify as an ex-president and want the corresponding benefits . 
  you are mostly on point but what nazi groups ? 
  closest to a facism group which is somewhat relevant is antifa, 
  tesla is just overhyped, 
  it 's easy to attack corrupt and bad politician as hillary, 
  but will they be deported or will they be staying ? 
  will eu do something about the upcoming immigrants ? 
  you are amateur.i choose to be over 100 years and i want the social benefits coming from that !, 
  so nothing ? 
  who would have though ? 
  so you wan na sell me the petty excuse we did it because if we did n't someone else would do even if what we did is wrong ? 
  also you can be pretty positive that the rebelion would be crushed and war would already be over .
