  i 'm not triggered , why would i be ? 
  :d you just look funny saying you 're wrong without any argument to a person who wrote quite the block of text, 
  what an argumentation, 
  okey good for you, 
  i think you should try to improve your reading comprehension , what i `` m saying is that most people who were hard anti immigration in the recent elections had only one good policy which was anti immigration and the rest of their policies were really bad , so not electing them does n't mean that people are not hard against anti immigration , especially when you consider the polls which shows that people are anti immigration, 
  last time i checked germany was part of europe, 
  talks about about reducing reliance on russia , builds a new pipe with russia . 
  does n't look like it . 
  well but ns2 is going on so it obviously shows you are talking bullshit when you said  we ca n't give gas we do n't have . 
  we 're busy reducing our own reliance on it for the same reason . 
  no , obviously because the rest of the positions of these people are nutcase firebrand, 
  why are these guys not getting jailed ? 
  not really , idk about hofer , but le pen campaign is terrible ultra left except of the immigrants issues and wilders does n't have a campaign except immigrants with these two having big % of the voters it really shows that things are not good, 
  well in romania gypsies are bigger part of the population so they can get away with more of their illegal shit so maybe they are worse than polish gypsies, 
  well maybe that 's r/europe opinion on migration . 
  it 's definitely shady to say these migrants have to stay here whet it 's obviously against europeans wishes . 
  also it 's pretty obvious that muslim extremists come from certain parts of the globe so it 's obvious that more people from this place means more people who are a possible terrorists or whose self segregated children would be a possible terrorists . 
  not to mention that these people rise crime and so on . 
  people are becoming more sensible, 
  how is wanting only real refugees and not illegal immigrants coming to your country far right narative ? 
  btw the new bulgarian eu commissioner was leeching eu money with some apartament scam some journalists from bulgaria found out and try to spread the news but the biggest media kept silent about it , then they send some letters to brussels telling the problem and she still got the commissioner seat despite that, 
  who the fuck are the oecd and why the fuck we have to listen to them ? 
  so everyone bulgaria stopped south stream because it should diversify it 's sources of gas but it 's okay for germany to buy only from russia ? 
  in sofia we have a mosque , a sinagogue and church in the range of like 500 meters, 
   we ca n't give gas we do n't have . 
  we 're busy reducing our own reliance on it for the same reason . 
  is this why northstream is going to be build ? 
  so you can reduce reliance on russia ? 
  it takes for the eu to push for letting random mena immigrants in your country, 
  and obviously are doing shitty job if even after years it 's not working, 
  what you posted shows that gun violence is connected to violence , it does n't show that without guns there would n't be violence , it does n't support the argument that if you ban guns violence with decreas , i mean you do n't show me that if you prohibit guns these people would n't try knife violence or fist violence . 
  i 'm not saying in any way that gun violence is not violence, 
  what you posted shows links between gun violence and guns , not between violence and guns, 
   gun ownership was a significant predictor of firearm homicide rates obviously ca n't get into firearm homicide without firearm . 
  and latinos have bigger gun violence than whites, 
  well pretend does n't make any sense in your sentence, 
  pretend ? 
  then the rest of me would want to have nukes too , understandably, 
   no thank you . 
  no one asks you  you do n't decide who should or should not be in europe . 
  your country should . 
   exactly , that 's why the money should come from the east . 
  we should temper our solidarity until the rest is ready to indulge in mutual solidarity . 
  eurofunds are not solidarity, 
   i very much doubt that . 
  the other alternative is cutting the cohesional funds . 
  or just scale the money countries give proportionally  of course it is . 
  of course it is n't these people should n't be in europe  it has done nothing but , but i think we should return the favor indeed . 
  you ca n't expect solidarity if you do n't show any, 
  so what if we pay more ? 
  the hole will probably be filled by everyone . 
  your suggestion is really stupid , getting illegal immigrants is not showing solidarity , on top of that we is n't showing solidarity to ee either, 
  or they did n't figure out how to go to sweden or smth . 
  we are not opposing them we have 3 camps i believe with something like 2-3 thousand people there, 
  what does this comment has to do with the topic : ? 
  :d we are open for refugees from the eu we even have 2 refugees who decided to stay !!, 
  they are not mentally challenged ? 
  what ? 
  why would you tax people because they do n't want illegal immigrants ? 
  no ngos giving them free ride, 
  no it is n't . 
  russia is doing the same shit for the last 500 years , nothing new , on the other hand radical islam is cancer growing inside european societies, 
  iraq vs iran , israel vs arab league, 
  idk i 'm supper annoyed how everyone is talking about russia and noone about ksa, 
  russia attacks germany ? 
  why you do n't have problems with usa then they are doing worse shit in the me ? 
  and who are you to take this risk ? 
  why are no officials saying anything about ksa ? 
  while they are creating terrorists in europe, 
  why do n't they do something on ksa influence on muslim extremists in europe instead ? 
  arabs are terrible at modern warfare, 
  if this is lgbtq + why are the new colors - black and brown missing ? 
  on the other side it would be cool to leave the nordic dick for a while, 
  are you butthurt ? 
  or he is an average american and he believes it, 
  i hope so i would want a secular turkey bordering bulgaria, 
  you are ? 
  turkey what are you doing ? 
  who are the fdp ? 
  come again ? 
  hard drug ? 
  does merkel has a chance to make a government alone ? 
  if not who would she make an coalition with ? 
  1187 worst year of my life, 
  will they be jailed, 
  none of these money is charity . 
  whose fault ? 
  what thieves ? what friends ? 
  why is he keeping silent on north stream then ? 
  i do, 
  where is german solidarity now ? 
  yes obviously, 
  no it should be paid by the immigrants , we do n't owe these people shit, 
  medical reasons are about 1 %, 
  some did n't you do n't need half of a country population for a civil war you need 5 %, 
  cuz everything is russian propaganda lemao . 
  his own population did n't disagree with him only part of it did, 
  wont be interesting when they try to mass migrate to europe, 
  i think he wants peace, 
  saddam killed his opponents with america blessings , it really is disgusting,
