it 's pretty much the same as the break between ukraine and russia, 
  it was enough to make kosovo independent, 
  i just presented you a plausible justification, 
  well meanwhile usa best friend in me is using white phosphorus on children and is bringing famine to 20 million people , and nobody is saying shit . 
  you can say that majority of crimeans wanted to be part of russia, 
  even if not directly to isis , their weapon gets to isis hands , and also they help al nusra . 
  i would prefer if the us did n't intervene and supply terrorists, 
  well i see no reason to reject this idea without concrete evidence, 
  yeah compared to another hellhole made by the us it 's ok . 
  no i want the opinion of the majority of syrians , based on polls not some random stranger on the internet, 
  we know there were bombs , but the chem weapons could have been from artillery shells too . 
  pretty well and that 's why we get refugees from there ? 
  tell that to the 1 million dead people in iraq and their families lol, 
  are you the majority of syrian civilians ? 
  should n't we ask the syrian people who is the sensible solution, 
  lost the great emu war . 
  for some reason people there live upside down . 
  well okey kick germany out of nato , you seem to think there is anything to gain from nato for germany , but in reality there is n't, 
  germany defense from what ? 
  should be great for the eu to leave nato and create it 's own defense alliance ( with blackjack and hookers ), 
  thank for your clarifications, 
  i was with the assumption that one of left candidates wanted to leave the eu like le pen , maybe it 's a different candidate ? 
  jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is anti eu is n't he ? 
  why not lock them up in a detention camp then ? 
  just like saddam had wmd right ? 
  last time most people though it was assad too . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-syria-crisis-un-idusbre94409z20130505 rebels are desperate assad is n't . 
  more likely to be rebels than assad, 
  there is reason to use them for the rebels , if the us would intervene on their side as they did , there is far less reasons for assad, 
  well i hope supporting germans for the third time is the charm, 
  no but eu starting to has it 's own politics about that would be beneficial, 
  yeah 1300 years ago, 
  we are pretty much the same culture, 
  he has nothing else of value to add here, 
  it definitely sounds more plausible that rebels loosing the war would try a chem attack and blame assad , than assad using chem weapons after he is winning the war and us stated they no longer want to remove him, 
  but it 's totally possible to be rebels who used it after conventional attack, 
  well white phosphorus is considered a chemical weapon, 
  does n't it ? 
  it shows that rebels are using chem weapons too , so it 's not only assad who would be behind the chem weapon attack, 
  there is no reason to think assad would use chem weapons two days after us told him he can stay either . 
  so does the rebels when they are loosing . 
  as you wish, 
  maybe someone else could provide the rebels with sarin ? 
  like the countries backing them ? 
  nah hillary would have escalated already, 
  nah isis was created by us supporting anyone who would attack assad, 
  everyone who has different opinion is hitler incarnate is n't he ? 
  no your statement that assad is responisble for everything that happens is contradicting to the example i gave you . 
  isis is product of us funding anyone who is against assad, 
  not exactly . 
  rebels used sarin before . 
  `` better gas these irrelevant civilians two days after us said i can stay as syria ruler so i can alienate them and get myself killed '', 
  what about the moderate rebels ? 
  absolutely, 
  no they did n't they have no proof that these aircrafts carried chem weapons, 
  you mean the highly precise bombing because of which us is the party that killed most civilians last month ? 
  can you give me a statistic please ? 
  it 's even dubious that he is the one using sarin gas, 
  rebels already used sarin gas before http://www.reuters.com/article/us-syria-crisis-un-idusbre94409z20130505 also http://www.dw.com/en/is-assad-to-blame-for-the-chemical-weapons-attack-in-syria/a-38330217 good read, 
  there were no wars because there were two super powers : us and ussr . 
  after ussr destructions us starting to make wars only for it 's own gains and it does n't give a fuck about peace or human rights or anything like that , you need to be delusional to think otherwise . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/is-assad-to-blame-for-the-chemical-weapons-attack-in-syria/a-38330217 good article about the incident, 
  i guess i should, 
  they tracked planes that bombed people with conventional weapons , you ca n't be sure that these planes had chemical weapons, 
  yeah i 'm sure vietnamese afganistans syrians lybians and iraqi are happy how much global peace the us brought over them . 
  here you go http://www.globalresearch.ca/syria-un-mission-report-confirms-that-opposition-rebels-used-chemical-weapons-against-civilians-and-government-forces/5363139, 
  this source sounds reliable enough to me, 
  yes, 
  we have no source that was assad using the chemical weapons on 4th of april, 
  well they do n't have proof either.nah i 'm not dending the use of chemical weapons i 'm wanting a reliable proof they attacked the people who used said weapons . 
  yes , white phosphorus in yemen, 
  yeah we are putinbots you got us , damn i have to make a new account now . 
  maybe but with us history of arming islamic groups it 's plausible . 
  well he does n't have an argument so his only choice left is to try to shame you, 
  but they ca n't even definitely proove that what they bombed was the source of the weapons, 
  not at he is pointing usa and un hypocrisy . 
  no but we need to bomb them, 
  no they ca n't, 
  yes that 's what i 'm saying too, 
  well us gave arms to islamic groups check al quida and isis for example, 
  you have no proof that the chemicals , which killed these people are from ssa either . 
  so you are also full of shit, 
  what certainty ? 
  all we know is that assad signed the convention against chemical weapons in 2013 and since then was check by the us and un and was n't found to have chemical weapons , we know that some rebels are capable of creating chemical weapons , we know that assad does n't have anything to win from a chemical attack and everything to loose , we know the rebels have everything to win and nothing to loose as they are loosing the war . 
  we definitely ca n't be certain that assad used chemical weapons there until an investigation . 
  russia can accidentally send them some missiles, 
  does n't seem that reliable for you . 
  where did you read that it 's absolutely certain that chemicals weapons came from this airport ? 
  you have better idea ? 
  you ca n't ask questions like this !, 
  but it was n't because it 's not clear the chemical weapons are from this airport, 
  but if russian airforce `` accidentally '' kill some asf things would be differently, 
  it 's in the ghouta chemical attack wiki page refernce 150 i believe, 
  us ia stated that rebels are capable of producing chem weapons also the countries backing the rebels like israel , sa and turkey are for sure able to . 
  they acknowledged a bombing with normal bombs which is totally okey , not that they used any kind of chem weapons , there is a difference, 
  us ia stated in 2013 that some rebels are able to produce sarin, 
  assad stated he is ready to go down after the war, 
  turkey - reliable , you have to choose one, 
  turkey is also claiming europe is the new center of a nazi regime, 
  it said some is missing maybe some of it is in rebels hands ?
