  incredible , europe just ca n't do anything wrong and when it does it 's always america 's fault . 
  read what i 've wrote again  because ? 
  usa wants war , idk like maybe for no obvious reason like iraq  a president is very limited in what he or she can do if it is not without the express consent of the legislature . 
  european federalization has been us policy after ww2 and the federalist movement was started and supported in part thanks to the work of the cia . 
  an single outlier does not make policy , especially when that outlier does not have the full backing of the american government which is far larger than just one man the president shows that us does n't want strong eu, 
   ah yes it was all hrc 's fault . 
  surely the french did n't actively seek the death of qaddafi . 
  also do n't worry , france already got the us good by turning vietnam into a clusterfuck and getting the us pulled into it . 
  yes hillary made it extra shitty when she declined the regime a chance for peace  ah so nuclear proliferation is europe 's interest now ? 
  fascinating . 
  must be to sucker the us into spending more on a missile defense shield that is only effective at defending the eu . 
  it 's not about nuclear proliferation it 's about us trying to find an excuse so it can go to war again  and rich americans supported remain as well . 
  what 's your point ? 
  your president send a guy who claims he destroyed one union and is going to destroy another, 
   you still have n't provided a source for the claim that the us wants the deal to end . 
  remember that trump = / = us . 
  the president is not a dictator and ca n't unilaterally control us foreign policy . 
  trump is the us he is the elected president , he can scratch the deal  i 'm not going to talk about saudi arabia until you 've provided at least one reputable source for at least one of your claims . 
  why ? 
  you ashamed of something ? 
  why is uk not showing it 's terror reports ? 
   because it was an invasion carried out with the support of two european countries , and other interventions that have destabilised the middle east have been supported by more . 
  you can not blame the us alone for those interventions - as evidenced by the syria situation , they take european support ( or lack of it ) into account . 
  so what it 's still illegal it 's still the biggest crime against humanity for the 21st century and it 's still the main reason that me is fucking hellhole  you still have n't addressed whether or not france is an enemy of europe due to their support for the saudi regime and intervention in libya . 
  absolutely yes , but they can do less damage because they are less influential  source ? 
  you can use google ca n't you ? 
   you still have n't explained the relevance of the iran nuclear deal to european unity usa wants the deal to end so they have an excuse to go to war with iran which is against eu interests  who says they 're close to the government ? 
  provide some sources saying who is doing it and people might take you more seriously . 
  as it is , you 're using an invented saudi strawman . 
  if they are n't why is n't ksa doing shit about them ? 
  why is uk not showing it 's terrorists reports ? 
  roflmao me was paradise before us interventions compared to now , why are you keeping silent about iraq huh ? 
  invade a country for no reason ? 
   they 're not influential enough to `` set the us 's course '' - they 're private individuals using private funds to do private things . 
  they are n't driving government policy . 
  yes they are influental enough they are us president advisors  then why did they lobby for the european parliament to be created , and why do n't they want countries to leave the eu ? 
  because they want semiworking union so it 's better for trade obviously ? 
   and why has the vice president just criticised russia for trying to divide europe ? 
  because it 's not in america interests for eu and russia to have good relationships, 
  the reason ksa has any power at all is because it 's backed by us . 
  us invaded iraq for no reason when saudis made 9/11 yeah fuck us . 
  defence from what ? 
  do you really think someone is going to attack eu or what ? 
   even if we assume all of that is true , it 's not particularly relevant to europe it has when usa is engaging in proxy war in me  individuals and organisations within saudi arabia do , but i 've yet to see any reliable evidence that the saudi government is spreading wahhabism . 
  in addition , many european countries support saudi arabia - not least france , who sold them over 2 billion euros worth of arms in 2010 . 
  does n't matter if the government do n't do it if people close to the government do it and the government do n't stop that . 
   that 's a gross oversimplification , and ignores a number of equally damaging interventions which european countries took part in willingly - most obviously , libya . 
  is it ? 
  that and afganistan war are the reason behind all the shit which is going on in the me . 
   most of whom are also supported by many european countries , like the uk , france and germany which is sad because that way they are working against europe  private individuals who do n't represent their government . 
  the then-us president personally endorsed remain . 
  this people are influential enough to set the usa course maybe they do n't represent usa but usa represents them  donald ca n't do that , so it does n't matter . 
  besides , it 's becoming increasingly clear that what he wants and what becomes us policy can be wildly different . 
  it matter because it shows that usa does n't want strong eu, 
  friend and ally whose friends spread wahhabism in europe , is going to sell 200 billion of weapons to ksa and whose wars are the reason there is a migrant crisis . 
  who needs enemies with a friend like this ? 
  trying to break relationships with iran supporting ksa which spreads wahhabism in europe waging war with iraq for no reason , which triggers terrorist attacks in europe supporting rebels in syria and creating migrant wave towards europe, 
  why should ee show solidarity if germany do n't ? 
  us is an enemy of europe too it 's time europeans figure that they cant trust anyone else, 
  yeah because sadly eu followed us , which turned out pretty bad for us . 
  also libya started as eurpean intervention but shit hit the fan after hillary clinton decided to kill anyone she can . 
   workers rights and food standards . 
  are you serious right now ? 
  internationally both the eu and the us support this . 
  there is disagreement in trade negotiations from time to time but this is not a major issue at all . 
  hell labor standards etc are all over the place in the eu itself . 
  saying that internationally the us does not agree that there should be labor standards , or food safety is laughable . 
  really ? 
  is this why rich americans sponsored people supporting brexit ? 
   they are ? 
  tell me in terms of international goals what does the eu want that the us does not want or vice versa ? 
  having some food standarts and workers rights ? 
  iraq war , syria war , afganistan war , lybian war their support for wahhabism ? 
  eu and us interests are very different why would us want someone equal ? 
  what lizards , trump 's new embassador with the eu said he destroyed 1 union and is going to destroy another . 
  look at what they are doing in me they are helping saudi arabia which is spreading wahhabism in europe , their wars are the reason we have migrant crisis in europe , they definitely are an enemy, 
  nah they want a entity to trade with which is spineless they definitely do n't want strong eu, 
  how can they stay when they can get free money in germony ? 
  it 's pretty nice living here actually, 
  i wish i could, 
  there is probably a billion of africans wanting to come to europe and 1-2 billion more in the next 30-40-50 years, 
  there is no good reason to let economical migrants stay in europe, 
  is car a digital product, 
  nice link, 
  or send them to switzerland if you want them, 
  saudi is the force being the  worse conditions and more religiously extreme groups, 
  for ever, 
  well do you expect us to fight iran for us imperialism ? 
   you can buy these `` censored '' digital products online from shops like steam or streaming services like netflix . 
  or torrent them, 
  there is difference between shia militias in me and wahhabism in europe, 
  not at all , the saudis are letting way crazier people do whatever they want , the west by defending the saudis are helping wahhabism spread in europe and are helping saudis kill , starve and spread cholera in 21 century in yemen, 
  coming from a guy whose country is selling weapons to the saudis roflmao, 
  and ? 
  yeah we do , we do n't want any, 
  rational approach would be for us to deport everyone who came in the last 5 years atleast, 
  i doubt that iran will ever try to spread wahhabism anywhere, 
  it would if you werent so dependent on saudi money and if you really cared about human rights you could have sanctioned them like russia but obviously you do n't care for things like this, 
  no there is famine because ksa is deliberately starving the yemeni, 
  yes it 's an excuse not to take migrants why we should value human rights if western europe does n't,
