  no it was ksa who started that buy pushing poor sunnis to protest against assad, 
  tell that to the million people that died or the women who were raped by us soldiers or the destroyed economy or the people who are still fighting isis lmao, 
  they should and assad will win them, 
  kurds want autonomy they do n't want to fight with assad also assad do n't want to fight with them, 
  we should n't give a fuck about erdo, 
  would these groups be not supported by ksa and turkey he would have crushed them and there woud n't be isis al nusra etc, 
  kurds dont want a state in syria they want an autonomous region, 
  not for sure , majority of people were okay with assad , the people who were against him were from the poorest sunni regions, 
  only foreign armed and trained and influenced and paid, 
  yeah much better for him to let isis , al nusra and other islamic fundamentalists to run the country, 
  there were also air strikes and rebels being armed, 
  it seems we are lagging behind to me, 
  okey , western leaders, 
  so around 3 million are in europe illegaly ? 
  how many are deported ? 
  finally some sense from western countries, 
  so are most of the eu leaders who invaded iraq so what 's the problem, 
  why still dodging the question ? 
  i 'm fine with helping their country stabilize and create closed camps with good living conditions which would be a cheaper and better solution, 
  still dodging, 
  still dodging , also i saw your comment why you deleted it ? 
  still dodging the question i see :d, 
  lost what ? 
  you talk about values but it seems that west europe does n't really care about values when money is involved . 
  what values ? 
  selling weapons to sa ? 
  invading iraq for no reason ? 
  everyone is prejudiced one way or another maybe you are not thinking logically , everything from the start of this migration shows that these people are here for the money they do n't like us they do n't want our values, 
  i 'm just telling you what mena immigrants will become , and they will be called europeans and you would n't be able to send them back to their homes, 
  the goal is to not let them in our countries obviously, 
  not demanding anything just telling you they are a group of mena people who came before generations and lived in europe for generations , it 's just showing what happens with mena immigrants to europe and what will happen with the children of the new mena immigrants, 
  these guys were gypsies, 
  what ? 
  if you are white male you are probably already a nazi no matter what you do or say, 
  also are overrepresented in crime, 
  what ? 
  i mean wife ? 
  also an apartheid state, 
  well it 's time to change who can be a refugee and where, 
  ofcourse there is n't if you ca n't agree us is sucking sa dick, 
  it 's also no brainer that they should n't be considered refugees if they can leave their family without protection, 
  100 billion arms deal also you help them kill civilians in yemen, 
  how can he impeach the president, 
  well the question is why is eu and us not doing shit . 
  if you can leave your women and children and stay in europe for years before you reunite it 's not really that dangerous -  they are not refugees, 
  are they eastern europeans or gypsies, 
  you ca n't even make an argument, 
  because your govenment gets to buy oil and sell weapons ? 
  why is it breitbait ? 
  un stats say 70 % are male , rest are `` children '' and women . 
  recently in sweden they started doing test to see if the `` children '' are not adults and 75 % were adult, 
  is it really ? 
  does n't seems like it . 
  it seems the west is sucking the dick of the biggest terrorist exporter and wahhabism spreader in europe, 
  mainly males little woman little children and they are refugees ? 
  they most certainly are not . 
  they are are illegal immigrants who come to feed of your work for free . 
  if saudi government is n't doing anything about their religious establishment it 's the same if they are in control, 
  no it did n't . 
  common misconseption, 
  from eastern europeans ? 
  i agree it would be for the best for both eu and uk, 
   easterners have seriously developed some sort of complex in the last 10 years . 
  if we do n't start acting on concert to develop some workable plan inside the eu , they have nothing to loose from dumping us and turning us into cheap colonies . 
  you are absolutely right about that , does n't change the fact that western countries have the better part of the deal, 
  not an answer, 
  that ship has already sailed, 
  because iran and nk are the same ? 
  yes and the two types do n't mix well, 
  well why merkel said everyone is welcomed and now do n't want them all ? 
  but your business is, 
  same type of culture . 
  well it 's not fine to try to push them these so called refugees, 
  none because they do n't let them ? 
  it 's almost-the-same-cultures-pseudo-multucultural project, 
  no the rich countries get the better deal , you have the money to buy whatever you want in poorer markets also you get cheap educated labor, 
  eu is not multicultural . 
  they definitely did n't sing for uncontrolled illegal immigration from mena tho, 
  there are a lot of educated syrians but turks are not letting them to europe they keep them in turkey, 
  not really european cultures are very similar and they are very conflicting with mena cultures, 
  we do n't offer those but we have fidget spinners instead, 
  13 billion per year in exchange to free entrance to their market, 
  pretend what ? 
  no deal then, 
  why should it be a welcoming country if they do n't want to ? 
  yes you can you can tell the to gtfo, 
  from czechs, 
  and this doctors will be prosecuted then, 
  no you proved what i said, 
   also it should be noted that hitler wished germans are muslims it was his favorite religion well you pretty much proved my point, 
  you ca n't read or something ? 
  he says he would have wanted germany to be muslim . 
  it 's also unfair to have free entrance to poor countries market, 
  it does for western europeans . 
  belgium made sa human rights commision head, 
  it 's not hard to use google you should try sometimes . 
  i will do it for you this time . 
  should i ask you if you are a penguin ? 
  what these things have to do with pedophile popes ? 
  also it should be noted that hitler wished germans are muslims it was his favorite religion,
