  our pm who is in the drug dealing business is merkel best friend, 
  well obviously shows that the west values are in place only when money is not involved, 
  well obviously shows that the west values are in place only when money is not involved, 
  no i do n't . 
  it 's a pathetic excuse . 
  do you think the west cant crush sa if islamists take over , just like they did in iraq ? 
  referendums will show if europeans really want them or not, 
  where are the european values when we sell weapons to the saudis ? 
  the west can when they deal with saudi arabia, 
  we should have an referendum in each state would be good huh ? 
  well it shows how much europe cares about values when money is involved does n't it ? 
  he was n't it 's just a meme . 
  he did n't have majority he used brown shirts to gain his power, 
  not the bad shit , the idiotic shit, 
  values like selling the saudis weapons or helping electing them on humans rights positions in un ? 
  does n't want to cooperate ? 
  i 'm sure half of the western countries do n't want to cooperate either, 
  but the common european values seem to be quite fluid, 
  you can try why not, 
  neither is your biased view, 
  no it 's not a accurate description, 
  i mean for the first time violating borders and not bombing, 
  we can make the precedent, 
  how it is n't ? 
  who knows who these people are ? 
  how many of them will come ? 
  how can i be sure if a large enough population come in my country they wo n't try to violently take charge ? 
  eh it 's not ? 
  i believe that if someone is crossing illegaly my country border after being told not to do it it 's plausible to defend my country sovereignity with any means, 
  well the west is not against violating other countries rights so i do n't see the problem, 
  still pretty bad mistake, 
  it 's also a serious fuck up to let someone take your gun and shoot you with it :(, 
  violating a sovereign country border is different than speeding and drunk driving, 
  i believe they could n't activate it or fire the rockets or smth like that . 
  most normal thing next would be to send them to closest safe port which is in tunis not italy . 
  why are they shipped in italy ? 
  why should we welcome people who sink their own boats ? 
  but then why are they shipped in italy if there are strict measures, 
  but ca n't fire it, 
  we just have to deny them entrance then, 
  it 's about time . 
  most people from mediterranean route are not even refugees just illegal immigrants, 
  a lot of people use it with a lot of new meanings, 
  the ukrainains did n't have the means to use their wmds anyway, 
  it 's just a flesh wound, 
  no but someone asked what are they they are macedonians and macedonians are brainwashed bulgarians, 
  well where do you think they came from ? 
  why is their language so similar to bulgarian ? 
  why there is no mention of them as a different nation before ww1 and ww2 ? 
  what ? 
  that 's surprisingly good, 
  sa officials said before the match they were against the minute silence i believe , good friends you have there uk, 
  more like bulgarians brainwashed by serbs after ww1 and ww2, 
  i guess so but they came as quite the surprise . 
  i first tough they were 10 or more parties with 1seat each or smth like that, 
  thank you for your time . 
  i was quite surprised when they showed up from nowhere with so much seats . 
  btw does n't they have more seats than normal or smth ? 
  so there you ca n't vote tory or labor ? 
  or they just do n't get any votes, 
  it is it 's not spreading wahhabism in europe, 
  am i ? 
  sa is also spreading wahhabism in europe and supporting isis ? 
  do you comprehend we are helping sa killing civilians and waging genocide in yemen that should be more than enough to sanction them or even bomb them . 
  not to bother to mention their isis support , wahhabism spread and major human rights violations, 
  trying to educate their people ? 
  trying to change to a moderate country ? 
  first the world should stop sending us refugees, 
  no we should help the country modernize it would prove to be a good ally in the me, 
  iran wants to modernize . 
  sa does n't . 
  we still sell weapons to sa and sanction ira . 
  start of discussion, 
  ah thanks for the explanation . 
  why did n't i see them in any poll ? 
  i mean i saw con/lab/greens / libdem/scotish party but neither dup nor sinn fein ? 
  do they have a different vote or something ? 
  why would russia invade estonia, 
  i do n't know i would we happy if start buying/selling oil for euroes, 
  of course but it seems israel gets special treatment, 
  who gives a fuck about them what will they do ? 
  obviously but for some reason it seems its our priority, 
  this sounds like a bunch of excuses for suppporting a terrorist state, 
  eu leaders do n't have the balls for that, 
  do n't they why are the tories banning terrorists reports because of them ? 
  they are spreading wahhabism in europe should be more than enough to be sanctioned or that they are waging war in yemen it can alone be a reason to sanction them, 
  we are getting killed by sa funded terrorists already they are spreading wahhabism in europe for years now, 
  we are getting killed by sa funded terrorists already they are spreading wahhabism in europe for years now, 
  why should we care about israel ? 
  even if we do n't side with iran its time to sanction the saudis not sell them arms, 
  how is this realpolitik, 
  the problem is we are usa bitch then ? 
  russian hackers obviously, 
  better than having sa as a friend . 
  its sad that we are following usa politics in the me, 
  better than having sa as a friend . 
  its sad that we are following usa politics in the me, 
  what are these dup ? is it one party or many, 
  you sure ? 
  trump vs hillary,
