  yeah but do you think your help is as important as usa ? 
  also usa created ksa by helping them since 1960s making them the strongest me country, 
  it 's good enough for me ? 
  why do you ask me usa chose already it 's time for europe to persue it 's own interests and strong iran is one of them . 
  why you dont have a flag ? 
  why are you so conveniently skipping the part where uk and us made a coup against mossadegh who was democraticaly elected and imposed them a brutal shah iranians hated , which led to the islam revolution ? 
   but yeah reddit likes to pretend all this never happened for the sake of their contrarian `` i know better than the narrative '' circlejerk . 
  iran is actually really cool guys and america/britain only hate them cause they want oil !!, 
  why do you pretend that the reason iran became islamic extremists is not because of uk/usa interventions . 
   and america/britain only hate them cause they want oil !!, 
  they definitely do, 
  when they buy their oil and support them in their military interventions in yemen , that way generating money for them, 
  is any of this worse than spreading wahhabism and supporting isis ? 
   should i start ? 
  should you ? 
  iran should be our ally we can help them become a modern country, 
  they do n't spread wahhabism in europe , they do n't support isis this makes them way better . 
  iranian people are trying to modernize while they struggle under western sanctions , saudis are making a profit while waging war in yemen and creating the biggest humanitarian crisis in me atm, 
  because iran is way better and is getting way worse treatment , iran was democratic before uk/us decided to make a coup against their democratic leader because said leader did n't want to give free oil to uk, 
  i misspelled what i wanted to say , sorry, 
  if it 's not why are we friends with ksa qatar uae etc ? 
  we definitely know that ksa supports wahhabism , it was in wikileaks , also the tories did n't submit their terror report because of ksa , it 's pretty obvious they support isis . 
  why would iran spread wahhabism in europe, 
  but is n't spreading wahhabism and is not supporting isis which is huge + for iran, 
  ksa ? 
  absolutely, 
  that 's a good opportunity for europe to grow a backbone and start imposing it 's own foreign policy , which would benefit europe and not usa, 
  not as glad as i am that you 're here on reddit and not making any decisions that matter , with an absolutist attitude like that . 
  what bullshit are you talking about people living in palestine does not own palestine ? 
   i ask , how can the members of this sub maintain their peak level of moral superiority over the us and stil advocate for these kinds of alliances ? 
  why not when usa is best buddies with ksa it 's pretty hard not to feel morally superior , iran are far better, 
  we should and we should be buying oil in euros from russia, 
  iran is not spreading wahhabism in europe that 's good enough, 
  absolutely , when we obviously have no problem with ksa , which is spreading wahhabism in europe, 
  in your opinion, 
   implying it 's not a good thing, 
  atleast we have summer :d, 
  i doubt it works that way, 
  like not having depressing weather, 
  or ethiopia for example, 
   but when you say `` the migrants from africa are economical migrants '' you are wrong , and it 's easily proven . 
  not at all look at a map there are safe countries between europe and africa  and when you say plenty of safe countries , again you could make that argument for why canada did n't have to accept jew is eritrea going to war with the rest of africa ? 
   do you remember this story from paris a few months back ? 
  that 's what i mean we do n't let this kind of shit unlike in us . 
   but yes , i think that by the 1960s it was clear to even the french and german intellectual apologists for communism that the soviet union was a tyrannical murderous regime . 
  so they re-branded their ideas into post-modernism and group identity politics and came to america . 
  yeah i agree on that, 
  the shit happening in usa/canada universities, 
  so how do you stop it by yourself ? 
  is there nazism ? 
  what about the rest 90 % ? 
  are you familiar where eritrea is ? 
  there are plenty enough safe countries between eritrea and europe, 
  not at all , the migrants for africa are economical migrants and there are no nazis going after them . 
  maybe you are right , but i do n't see this kind of bullshit in europe except uk, 
  definitely not because they would leech their welfare systems, 
  mulsim is not a race, 
  not really, 
  no they are going for free money in germany and sweden ,, 
  i 've read it 's trending in universities, 
  occam ' razor tell us it 's probably commies, 
  but that 's not true for the immigrants they are not unwanted like the jews in their homecountries, 
  it means israel is treating palestinians like animals, 
  what a pile of bullshit you speak from you ass ? 
  the majority of people living in the palestinian mandate were not jews , there was not one part of israel that was predominantly jewish , it was all palestinian . 
  and the jews definitely did n't have any right create their own state there . 
  and in armenia education is professional ? 
  there was palestinian identity in the palestine , and it was the vast majority in palestine when israel was created against their will . 
  it does n't matter if other arabs recognise it or not , what is now israel belongs to these people . 
  well maybe there need to be changes in echr, 
  source ? 
  resucue them ship them to libya and give them another boat enough to go back to libya coast , meanwhile forbid ngos from entering your waters and jail them, 
  i 'm located too close to kosovo for my liking, 
  very insightful comment , showing great moral superiority, 
   so yeah , your `` solution '' that they should just stick to their continent and do n't try to move to a much better place is just a dream . 
  you and i ourself would do the very same thing as those people do if we were in their shoes . 
  no it is n't it 's easy to implement solution , also my responces are concerning the guy who is trying to make the refugees equivalent to jews during ww2 , which is bullshit, 
  because there is no country without warlords in africa or because that 's somehow our problem ? 
  but there was a province palestine with it 's own nationality palestinian, 
  no they do n't the land was predominantly palestinian at 1945, 
  but they did n't ? 
  african immigrants africa maybe there is a relation ? 
  but not rescue them to europe , if china can build artificial islands why ca n't we, 
  the jews were parts of europe and had no country where to go , africans have a whole continent to do as they please to . 
  if that was true there would be no jews alive today . 
  there are no refugees in lybia , and even when talking about syria they are refugees only until they get into the closest working country not europe, 
  i did n't know that africa is a huge concentration camp for africans, 
  or we talk with haftar to send him the refugees in favor of support for him, 
  and this is positive how ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  israeli stole palestinians land, 
  cheap german propaganda newspaper speaks about cheap pis propaganda lol , zero statistics in the entire article, 
  is this why when we started building border wall with turkey at first some germans came and said we are racist and xenophobic because we do n't let immigrants in ? 
  that 's not a benefit, 
  that 's the problem with 2 way system, 
  maybe but i 've heard that large parts of the country are with some leaning left or right and there is no discussion , look at hillary campaign it was im not trump, 
  they do n't even try to debate so they do n't even try to have decent policies the left say look if you do n't vote us you will get the right and you dont want thay because they are racist bigots the right say look if you do n't vote us you will get the left and you dont want that because they are literally selling us to the globalists, 
  definitely not when you think that most of it sells weapons to the saudis edit : maybe if you talk only about europe it 's working, 
  not at all , look at us, 
   ah so hrc 's emails did n't reveal that was explicitly french intelligence which plotted gaddafi downfall for france 's own interest in oil and business .
