  the majority of population is on famine , yeah the us wage proxy wars too, 
   what does that even mean ? 
  some westerner needs to tell me because when we tried to make a wall on our border with turkey some germans came and started protesting saying we are in eu now we have to have western values let these poor refugees and so on, 
  idk human rights or some western values or smth like that , westerns talk about them a lot saying we eeans are bad because we do n't want their mena refugees but are very silent now, 
  not really iran are not spreading wahhabism in europe, 
   the war is not with yemen saudi arabia is starving the majority with the population pick one, 
  not an excuse, 
  much western values , much human rights, 
  was n't this referendum after uk blocked iran because they did n't want to give them free oil, 
  well obviously it 's starts from the elite obviously you do n't expect from peasant to be become secular and modern first . 
   it would not have made any difference if the us and uk went in and removed mosaddegh . 
  the islamic revolution in iran would still have happened . 
  not at all there would n't be so much support for the revolution if they had a loved and democratic leader like mossadegh , unlike some sick dictator that everyone hates and is another country puppet . 
  's really pathetic to defend usa and uk actions in iran . 
  what kind of person thinks it 's right to coup a democratic leader because he does n't want to give free oil to uk, 
  iran 's democratic leader mossadegh was overthrown by a coup by usa because mossadegh did n't want to sell oil to uk , and usa supported a shah which was totalitarian dictator which led to the islamic revolution, 
  then what are all these immigrants doing in the eu, 
  why not ? 
  the reason iran had it 's islamic revolutions is because of uk and usa , before that they were pretty modern for an me nation, 
  because they were part of europe for centuries ? 
  but do n't forget when v4 do n't want refugees they are not showing solidarity !, 
  how come people funding terrorists in your homecountry are a reliable partner ? 
  no it would n't be , usa could create another state in the eastern part of ksa and have it sell oil . 
  still no good reason to attack iraq , and no good reason for we to support usa in the war, 
  not as counterproductive as having wahhabists and salafists spreading their shit in europe, 
  look at her, 
  tell me one good reason why usa attacked iraq instead of ksa ? 
  the wars against innocent countries caused this mess , because these wars strenghten the ksa . 
  if nato states can attack iraq for no reason we can attack ksa for funding terrorists, 
  if nato states can attack iraq for no reason we can attack ksa for funding terrorists, 
  you draw the line on saudi funded mosques , also the christian bible spews far less hate than the quran , christianity origins were of an apocalyptic pacifistic cult , while islam is based on mohhamed and his war friends, 
  are you talking about yourself ? 
  why is it purple ? 
  and claim they support human rights and have `` values '', 
   and exactly this is why i do n't want china to replace the us as europe 's ally . 
  china does n't give 2 flying fucks what happens to us , as long as they benefit somehow . 
  how is that different than the us ? 
  who gives a fuck about what they say ? 
  eh personal attacks ? 
  is this your best ? 
  or literally hitler, 
  title is misleading they are sending russian intelligence hacker 's locations, 
  and on small scales it 's just leeching on neighbors, 
  what is this bullshit ? 
  who is your government, 
  give intel to ksa in their fight against yemen ? 
  obviously if you did n't hear about it it was n't covered enough was it ? 
  more important than your government helping ksa creating humanitarian crisis ? 
  and where are the rest of europe media , why is this not on the news nonstop ? 
  and that 's it ? 
  right now there is cholera outbreak in yemen , we is ignoring it, 
  not one western media for example covers what our good allies ksa are doing in yemen, 
  and cnn for example is n't propaganda ? 
  godzillions of turks, 
  because the other european medias are not lying or are not pushing an agenda ? 
  pretty obviously marxism end phases result in gulag, 
  hey guys the last kind of communism did n't work and killed a few million but it was actually not real communism so we better try communism again, 
  which one is the more reliable, 
  support neither obviously, 
  but they are just an illusion, 
  a coup erdo staged himself ? 
  what ? 
  what does opposing means ? 
  what are they doing ? 
  salafists should be jailed, 
  then we sanction them . 
  forbid anyone from ksa going into the west . 
  you sound so sure roflmao, 
  maybe there are no real protesters then ? 
  what responsibility ? 
  `` values '', 
  but are stable enough for 100 000 syrians to come home in syria for ramadan ? 
  well you are born with the right to die some day nothing else . 
  should be if we was okey with invading iraq for no reason or selling weapons to ksa, 
  it would deter all the economical immigrants from coming to eu obviously , if you look at australia it worked pretty good . 
   and if someone would escape these camps , what should the guard do , shoot ? 
  what the police does when someone tries to enter somewhere forbidden by law ? 
  or they want to break stuff and steal under the pretence of protest ? 
  and what if they are the real protesters . 
  or maybe just maybe a closed camp to keep people there is a bit different to a camp to kill people there, 
  israel is n't making it hard, 
   why even bring them to europe then ? 
  why should you bring them to europe ? 
  yes , do n't give them any money nor entertainment they will leave sooner or later, 
  why france and spain can close ports but italy ca n't, 
  sorry i though it would be obviously , right next to the border, 
  no it would n't . 
  the second they cross the border they are send to a closed camp with only basic nessesities fullfulled , there they are checked if they are actually war refugees or just economic migrants , if they are refugees they are resent to other camps , if they are not they are able only to leave if they leave the eu, 
  camps in europe . 
  it 's the ulitmate idiocity to let these people roam, 
  antifa are like nazis who would have thought, 
  well it 's hard to notice but germany is not a border eu country so no immigrants have place there, 
  well an easy solution is to offer them shelter in a closed camp from where they ca n't leave before they are evaluated, 
  why bulgaria had to stop south stream then ? 
  what mass murder?sending people to lybia is not mass murder, 
  what about ns2 then is n't that all of germany . 
  also where is german justice system , why noone from the government speaks about it ? 
  of course they should, 
  fn also advocated to leave the euro and shit like this, 
  german solidarity wanted , nowhere to be found,
