  would be ok actually atleast you have good prosecutors . 
  gib dobroudja back, 
  not at all . 
  majority of people in italy and greece are not even syrians, 
  moving refugees from italy and greece wo n't solve any problem, 
  how many refugees is luxemburg taking ? 
  instability caused by sa intervention, 
  sa is supporting isis and other pseudo freedom fighters, 
  you ca n't deny refugee to refugees from war or you break human rights . 
  vast majority of refugees are caused by sa actions, 
  it has everything to do with it i 've already explained that to you, 
  selling arms to sa = refugees and muslim migration . 
  the reason there are terrorist attacks in the west is exactly because uk and europe sold weapons to the saudis since ww2, 
  well it boils to that you are okay with sellling arms to sa so you get money and in exchange you get terrorism . 
  it 's a good start there is no good argument for selling weapons to the saudis . 
  we should not only stop selling them weapons we should sanction them like iran . 
  also sa spreads wahhabism . 
  also the individuals from the sa royal fam who are the people who spread terrorism are de facto the saudi government . 
  on top of that selling them weapons means they wage war in me better and more refugees come to europe and more terrorist acts are done, 
  maybe just maybe biggest supporter of islamic terroism would lose influence ? 
  selling them weapons has everything to do with terror attacks selling them weapons is supporting the world biggest supporter of islamic terrorism, 
  well do n't be surprised if there are terror attacks in usa uk france china and russia and do n't complain about them . 
  it 's a really pathetic excuse to support the saudis because others support them too, 
  but saudis are behind isis so your argument does n't hold much ground . 
  i would prefer shia than sunni, 
  he is right on that, 
  definitely would be a good thing, 
  trustable to sell weapons to the saudis ? 
  got ta sell them more weapons then, 
  when will we have some kind of exit polls ? 
  there are better alternatives . 
  not supporting sa is the best alternative for the west . 
  do n't forget that selling weapons to the saudis will lead to more terror in england not in bulgaria, 
  yes they are . 
  as long as wahhabism is not spread in europe i 'm okay, 
  human rights are usable only when you are from a culture that agrees on them . 
  if we do n't stop illegal immigration we will become a mena country after a while, 
  who is talking about the we ? 
  and no map ? 
  not as much as sa . 
  qatar native population is just 350 000 people . 
  so most of them are extremely rich which kinda alienates you from religion . 
  is my guess . 
  anyway qatar is extremely rich of natural gas ( do n't know the term in english ) so they sell to europe and asia . 
  other gulf nations do n't bother with it and buy from qatar . 
  sa wants to buy it really cheap but qatar does n't want to give it for almost free . 
  also there was a qatar falcon hunting party with royal members which was abducted in iraq by shia militia and qatar paid an ransom and sa did n't like it . 
  also qatar has good relations with iran and sa also does n't like thst, 
  iran is not so much destabilizing the me than protecting it 's interest and any destabilization is like a tiny rock compared to the mountain of destabilization brought to the me by us/uk/france and sa, 
  but are forgetting that iran is the better alternative of sa , and while iran is sanctioned by the west sa is being sold weapons by your goverment to wage their war against civilians in yemen, 
  no , but sadly not for long, 
  i 'm against human trafficking, 
  qatar is pushed to be a friend of iran because it does n't want to be a vassal of sa, 
  interesting video , pretty good channel over all, 
  well we are going to the start of the shia sunni conflicts . 
  also you ca n't talk about the middle east problems without speaking about france and england fucked their borders after the world wars and after that about soviet and usa interventions in the region . 
  actions have consequences the reason iran is a teocracy is because usa removed their shah and got their own corrupt guy at the head of iran government so he would sell them oil . 
  also iran does n't spread wahhabism in europe . 
  iran is no good guy but it 's an angel compared to sa . 
  iran is responding to the shit us and uk did in the me . 
  also in what light is sa cast ? 
  as the best us and uk buddy ? 
  this week uk government banned terrorist funding report because sa is mentioned, 
  iran is just responsing to the shit us and uk did . 
  why ? 
  is someone paying you ? 
  you seem to not know what your government and us have been doing in the past century to destabilize the middle east, 
  weak excuse for bombing civilians . 
  how many terrorists attack are there in europe from shia ? 
  how many are sunni ? 
  who is spreading wahhabism in europe ? 
  who is creating a humanitarian crisis and is killing in yemen ? 
  who is supporting isis ? 
  iran are not good guys but are way better than sa and are treated way worse, 
  we ca n't if we do hurr durr human rights hurr durr islamophobia . 
  what about him ? 
  no because when bulgaria wanted to close it 's borders for anyone and have vetting some hippie germans came here and started protesting, 
  no because from the start the immigrants had too much freedom in their movement, 
  another ? 
  nothing like that there is no system that 's the problem . 
  or ignore them like the west is ignoring them when it helps sa, 
  and what will he do ? 
  sa gave funds to al qaeda and now to isis and the west is still sucking saudi arabian dick, 
  not in europe, 
  or change our laws, 
  i assure you i do n't care, 
  not at all iran are much better they are not spreading wahhabism in europe, 
  after series of heavy vetting they should be redistirbuted . 
  and also it would work, 
  no you do n't . 
  does n't change the fact that germany benefits from ee countries as much as ee countries benefit themselves , maybe germany benefits even more so you are not doing it out of goodwill and solidarity , which you were trying to sell, 
  yes because if we show them that we do n't let random people in eu it will deter them from coming and they would leave back . 
  and you would n't turn greece into a nation sized refugee camp but a small part of it for a short period of time, 
  no but they have photos with isis flags and weapons on their facebooks and we still let them in, 
  so what ? 
  it shows that we do n't have much of screening obviously, 
  it seems you are the one who wants to gun them down . 
  we should send money to greece to build closed camps on the islands and for food and shelter but nothing more . 
  also you can stop them without guns from leaving greece, 
  that 's not goodwill in return you get to dump your goods in our markets , use cheaper labor buy anything you want in ee countries because it 's cheap and keep the euro low .
