  your definiton of empire is irrelevant, 
  it was n't equal because jusitinian was emperor and tzar is the person right after him . 
  9th century bulgarian rules used it like it was equal to basileus because simeon defeated the romans and was preparing to capture constantinople . 
  and yes i said so , prove me otherwise . 
  the title tsar was given to khan tervel by the byzantine emperor for his help securing the throne for him , from then on it is inherited by the bulgarian ruler , the first bulgarian empire 's area consisted of the majority of the balkans and romania so it 's plausible to call it an empire, 
  you are right about that . 
  and we should n't excuse ourselves anymore , still we should n't forget how fucked we got by the ottomans, 
  i 'm not blaming only them , but their rule has it 's influence on us and it 's a shitty one . 
  yes and it 's not without reason, 
  i 'm aware of that, 
  goes without saying, 
  it 's doing better than turkey , we atleast do n't have a muslim fanatic as a dictator, 
  only unfortunately thing is that they invaded the balkans at the right time for them , when they divided between small princes after being raided by mongols and had a plauge, 
  well it does , ottomans were keeping us in the middle ages till 19th century , well giving equal rights to christians and muslims would be a good start, 
  yeah and took young kids for their armies and killed everyone when they conquered and stopped progress in their domains , pretty cool guys !, 
  well stop them from immigrating . 
  i would much prefer that bulgarians are not allowed to immigrate into uk , than having these immigrants here in bulgaria, 
  if they do why do they still let immigrants from iraq , syria , somalia , afganistan and nigeria into the eu ? 
  sent back like the guy with the truck that killed people in the christmas bazaar ? 
  un definition of refugees ? 
  half of the asym seekers are n't even syrian even if they were we should build camps for them in countries near syria , and help them there not in the eu, 
  huge amount ? 
  i do n't think so ? 
  still it 's her fault for the influx into the eu, 
  well there was one old woman who said anyone is welcomed without asking the opinion of others was n't there ? 
  make some fucking checks before letting anyone enter the eu ? 
  do n't let these people inside and only after that start vetting them ? 
  do something about syria ? 
  it would help the rebels , would n't help syria as a whole, 
  yes . 
  well turkey is calling for it . 
  they tried , then some germans came and started crying how inhumane is it not to let immigrants in the eu, 
  christianity model for life is jesus , islam model for life is mohammed , one of them was peacefull carpenter , the other war pedophile warlord , guess which one is preferred, 
  yes , sadly it failed, 
  before the referendum it 's for the best to keep silent , after that we should answer him, 
  and continued centuries after the first crusade, 
  and in these territories there were still huge christian minorities , which were being treated horribly , and muslims were still trying to conquer the rest of europe when they could . 
  and in these territories there were still huge christian minorities , which were being treated horribly , and muslims were still trying to conquer the rest of europe when they could . 
  muslims worship a pedophile tho . 
  nobody is saying he should be pm , but we should acknowadge that there is a problem if he got around 10-15 %, 
  yeah but men should be able to kind of financial abort the child if he do n't want it . 
  that 's pretty bad, 
  no we only have to ask the latvia government if they are letting erdogan attend marches for his referendum they are cleary not nazi, 
  yeah but they would n't go to war with the eu over turkey, 
  yeah but they would n't go to war with the eu over turkey, 
  no your politics should oppose them but not with sanctions , i guess something like mocking erdogan or calling him on his bullshit , we have to stand up to erdogan without standing up to turkey, 
  and turkey is not a nuclear nation nor does have an nuclear ally which would chose her over eu . 
  should be, 
  half of the migrants in eu are not even from syria so they are not refugees, 
  that 's the idea of a lot of parties , if a radical one gains power the more moderate start supporting some of the radical policies , because in reality most radicals have wrong answers to real problems , so in that way you get some attention to these problem but they are not solved in brutal unhuman way, 
  and not all his supporters wanted to leave , so there was n't any chance, 
  both are in the new testament , both condradict each other so you have to choose . 
  also christianity went through a lot of reforms making it acceptable for 21st century . 
  most major muslim reform is wahhabism which is pretty much against our values in europe, 
  so is treating your slaves like you treat yourself, 
  i 'm pretty sure they did n't compensate iraq enough for the destroyed country they made, 
  still managed to kill more than the russians in the last 20 years, 
  you mean like usa did n't admit at first that some of their mercenaries in iraq were raping women and killing civilians ? 
  i also do n't see the backslash towards usa arming islam fundamentalists in syria . 
  i 'm not saying wilders should be elected as your pm he should n't , but the things he talks about islam are real problems and should be adressed, 
  it takes time to adopt christian values in your life yeah ? 
  is uganda a western country ? 
  10 % of christians are fundamentalists , 60 % of muslims are fundamentalists . 
  i do n't believe you can legaly stone a gay in western christian country , but for muslims i can think of one or two . 
  good we ai n't in uganda, 
  it 's enough though , islam 's role model is a pedophile warlord . 
  and what happened with him ? 
  is he free ? 
  and did other norwegians put him in jail ? 
  not in 21st century, 
  i 'm telling you that chistians follow jesus as the new testament being a autobiography of a kind , and the idea of christianity is to be like jesus . 
  muslim perfect human being is muhamed who is a fucking pedophile i would rather have christians than muslims in my country . 
  cuz it 's pretty easy to excuse rape , murder and invasion in islam, 
  well christianity is okay with secularism , islam not so much, 
  absolutely, 
  and despite teaching tolerance and love , mainstream islam 's role model is still muhammed , so it makes it pretty easy to excuse a wide range of disgusting shit, 
  do we follow that ? 
  christian role model is jesus , muslim role model is muhhammed , each is the best human being in his respective religion , do you see the problem here ? 
  yes but christian 's role model is jesus who is a hippy . 
  muslims role model is muhammed and you know i do n't want this guy as a role model for anyone, 
  it 's not like i like putin or support russia , but usa is doing the same and act holier than thou which is angering me more, 
  12 is considered by muslims scholars who are , you know , defending their religion . 
  most scolars consider her to be 6 when they married , then he only put his dick between her thights and masturbated , and 9 when he fucked her, 
  good christians follow the new testament then ? 
  what ? 
  quran is as much a religious book as much it is a political and law guide , 60 % of world muslims support sharia law which is coming from quran so it is relevant in it 's political aspect, 
  that 's good now we should impose our closed borders politics, 
  and spend most of his time conquering and killing people, 
  well i would also prefer the rout of not letting usa bombing some countries only to support their sa allies in the me and creating a massive bloody clusterfuck , but oh well not everybody gets what it wants . 
  not underaged girls . 
  girls who did n't even had their period, 
  muhhamed difference between him and his wife is 40 years . 
  he is 5 times older than her , much different that a 4 years wage difference . 
  also he fucked her when she was 9 , i doubt most europeans fucked 9 year olds, 
  yes he only put his dick between her thighs and masturbated with them when she was six , she was also his best friend daughter what a good guy he was, 
  we can close our borders if there is no war there is no excuse for us to accept them, 
  does he ? 
  i do n't believe you . . 
  your belief that he he ca n't have election is your biased view . 
  we can make him care .
