  but much solidarity much human rights, 
  it sure seems like it, 
  so the differences are only semantics ? 
  how can you know if there is no final decision , also is n't the idea of these laws to have different sources of energy ? 
  how is germany getting a different source of energy if they go for ns2 ? 
  do they it seems bulgaria stopped because it was pressured because of crimea, 
  and did it finish it ? 
  because everywhere i read it seems south stream was stopped because of crimea not because of some violations . 
  so is south stream violation of eu law ? 
  so is south stream violation of eu law ? 
  http://www.novinite.com/articles/159923/meps+oppose+south+stream,+seek+sanctions+against+russian+energy+firms it seems the main reason for stopping was because of crimea also what you copied seems to be only semantics, 
  that 's not an argument, 
  and why would we go with this one when south stream was stopped ? 
  and what is different ? 
  something something european solidarity if south stream was stopped because of sanction why north stream is n't ? 
  how come ? 
  so there is a problem with pipeline going to bulgaria but not one going to germany ? 
  if this kind of things are act of war how come usa is not in war with every fucking country in the world, 
  eh they are from your country now, 
  only a few thousand as if that 's not too much already, 
  if you are talking about gypsies no they are your responsibility now, 
  it is relevant . 
  you ca n't tip the scales for trump if you do n't have him running against the worst candidate for president ever imaginable, 
  what ? 
  u seem mad, 
  you get used to it . 
  for me 20 is my perfect temperature, 
  kurds are not fighting assad and probably would n't start a fight with him, 
  what majority of syria population is still in syria, 
  if we do n't want illegal immigrants they are pushing their values at our face, 
  why is nobody talks about these famous european values like human rights when the west sells weapons to the sa ? 
  what ? 
  there is ones are rich ones are poor, 
  well why is noone pushing for it ? 
  i know enough to see it 's a ideology which divides people and leads to mass murder, 
  and how does this war does n't end in mass murder ? 
  eh should n't we criminalize turks who do n't accept the armenian genocide then ? 
  it 's still a communist sub . 
  how come there are nordic countries in which not everyone is poor how come in switzerland not everyone is poor . 
  how do you distribute wealth equally if the rich do n't want to what do you do with them ? 
  marxism is diving people by their class and like every other ideology which divides people it ' leads to mass murder . 
  of course i have marxism it 's the left wing equivalent of nazism, 
  not only you should also look at the marxists in usa or countries like cuba venezuela, 
  but the very core of the ideology is that the poor are opressed the rich are evil you need a revolution, 
  marxism is dividing the people between those who are poor and those who are rich , it states that the poor have to seize power . 
  it obviously leads to the killing of the rich . 
  it 's a hate ideology just like nazism but instead of nation the division is done by money . 
  and what happens if the bourgeouis do n't want their property and political power seized ? 
  can you have fullnazism subreddit ? 
  it does n't have to be said explicidly . 
  he states that he needs a bloody revolution, 
  i can point you every communist state and what happens in them . 
  also there is the part with seazing the means of production how do you think this part happens also marx said that a revolution would have to be bloody, 
  well killing every intellectual and taking the lands and goods of everyone above you in the social ladder are a central part of marxism, 
  no you do n't you need to oppress the people who are above you on the social ladder, 
  in bulgaria right wingers are very pro eu, 
  what ? 
  nah this guy is blabbing bullshit, 
  still does n't chage the fact usa intervention of iraq led to alteast 1 million casualties, 
  what ? 
  you can just stop sa influence, 
  what that 's not an crisis, 
  russia is the only countries whose armies have the legal right to be in syria right now, 
  well obviously us geopolitics are cancer to the me to the eu and to the world, 
  whoops missed and s, 
  syria is sunni majority , but assad is from an shiite sect , for majority of people life was okay but there were some poor regions with poor population which was mainly sunni . 
  iran wanted to send a gas pipe through syria to europe , at the same time sa allies qatar wanted to send a gas pipe through syria to europe . 
  http://www.inspiretochangeworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/turkey-777x437.jpg syria decided to go with iran pipe , then sa started sending missionaries to poor sunnis in syria and these people started rebeling, 
  no the reason us supports sa it 's because it 's good for their economy, 
  i only hear weak excuses for usa indirect support of terrorism, 
  the usa is also trying to interfere with elections across the continent tho you are right about ukraine, 
  usa backing them gives them power, 
  why do i have to ? 
  you see this is the faulty cycle you build bases so they do n't invade they invade so you ca n't build bases, 
  if we can invade iraq for no reason why not invade sa for a good reason ? 
  already stated them the two genders have different preferences, 
  i share the same ideas as these guys, 
  obivously usa does n't give a fuck about human rights and cares only for it 's interests, 
  what ? 
  russia interventions killed far less than usas, 
  i 'm sure iraqis are happy with us progress and liberalism lmao, 
  what ? 
  we are talking about 2017 not 1950s, 
  well not bulgaria best friend . 
  most of western europe are hypocritical as the usa and also share the fault . 
  why should n't i blame my ills and grievances on ksa they are spreading fucking wahhabism in europe and are getting away with it, 
  and where did his funding came ? 
  is it by chance by sa ? 
  what had iraq to do with it ? 
  as you say i 'm just gon na tell you again that you are defending a country which spreads wahhabism in europe . 
  supports and arms terrorists and are waging genocide in yemen, 
  what benefits we get from the us ? 
  well the same is with usa and sa why do n't usa sanction sa first and then we can talk about russian sanctions, 
  most rebels are funded by sa which is usa best friend, 
  it 's worth the effort for europe and in the past 20-30 years their crimes are far less significant than the usa, 
  how is it unfair ? 
  how is everything else i 've said unfair ? 
  you are defending world biggest extremist exporter, 
  well i am german intel servises said sa is spreading wahabbism in germany obviously the sa government is n't doing shit to stop that which obviously mean they are europe enemy, 
  if we can ignore usa crimes for profit why should n't we ignore russia crimes for profit,
