  not to mention that the opposition in usa is way more influential than the one in turkey . 
  how is it more fair than trump tho ? 
  you seem a bit mad and also never is pretty big word . 
  the decree is being challenged in the constitutional court right ? 
  how is it going ? 
  i hope you guys win your fight with corruption !, 
  that too , but that 's it . 
  i do n't understand do you have problem with camps or do n't . 
  because i do n't if people there are treated ok . 
  oh sorry my mind just skipped the 1/4th part of the statement . 
  because you owe eu money ? 
  from what i 've read assad was pro secular and the protesters were sunni muslims ( assad is not he is from a small denomination ) and a large chunk of protesters were from sa or were paid by sa , because sa wanted oil pipe passing from syria on it 's way to europe , but assad supported iran who wanted build a pipe too . 
  in what world 2,5 million more than 3,5 % of 325 million ? 
  sa gave money to some protesters groups who later became the `` opposition '' and usa started backing them in the hope that they will take out assad , one of these groups is now what is called isis , from what i 've read most of these groups are religious fanatics unlike assad 's government but that did n't stop usa and sa to support them , which is only in interest of sa , who are involved in a couple of proxy wars in iran everywhere they can . 
  putin started his military intervention way after that . 
  if they can act as a sovereign country and also go against un decisions for refugees , why should we europeans take them while they are not to be considered refugees in europe but illegal immigrants ? 
  obviously no ? 
  build closed camps in our borders with only basic human necessities there and wait for the war to finish ? 
  why should we be taking them ? 
  google syrian neighboring countries google how many of them are in a civil war and come back telling me how we ca n't make camps there and help them with food , water , shelter, 
  maybe just maybe if he does n't sell weapons to `` moderate '' rebels the civil war would end and the refugees can go back ? 
  also maybe he should stop helping sa military ? 
  you do n't have to kill them you just have to put them in closed camps and only give them food water and sanitation, 
  nordstream did n't win out over southstream , southstream was stopped because of crimea invasion, 
  good , now we should persecute them, 
  totally altright states bro , it 's written in their constitution right, 
   the brits were n't trying to convince saddam to invade . 
  they merely saw an opportunity to exploit and did so . 
  if they had n't , someone else would have . 
  not an excuse, 
  which king of england exactly is danny ? 
  the guy who started the hundred years war ? 
  and which one is john ? 
  will read thank you, 
  thank you for your response now it makes more sense but where is danny coming in all that ? 
  maybe magic is hiding the similarities, 
  or maybe they face prejudice because they are overrepresented ? 
   the common denominator is more often education levels and socioeconomic status than any one particular religion . 
  is it ? 
  is by any chance muslims overrepresented there, 
  they are death penalty for the person who is going to be kill no matter if they are illegal or not, 
   not in every eu country it is n't does n't have to be legal to be done , there were some muslim girls killed by their fathers because they were going out with non muslims, 
  can you give more info , i 've read the accursed kings long ago and dont feel like they are the same, 
  they overlap they are not exactly the same thing but are very close, 
  got ta sell them more weapons, 
  what about them ? 
  religion is part of a person 's culture, 
  time to change some laws then, 
  no did you ? 
  mother russia, 
  yes, 
  do n't you know any left wing politician which is corrupt or fucks up badly magically becomes right wing , because being left wing means you are the perfect human being, 
  religion is part of a persons culture, 
  religious state vs apartheid state, 
  well r/europe is not on the far right , it 's just right, 
  the far spectrum of left , which is dominant these days, 
  does n't mean it ' not especially if you consider how politicized science is, 
  only if you are leftie, 
  if russia abstain from taking territories maybe we can trade, 
  yeah their fault they did n't gave anglos free oil and the anglos block their country and then usa made a coup against mossadegh , installed a tyrant and that way created the path for the islamic revolution, 
  sane people, 
  iran is being sanctioned if it 's not and is in free trade deals their gdp will increase quite a lot, 
  why are you asking me ? 
  does n't it ? 
  is it because usa was supporting saddam invasion of iran , or maybe because uk and usa made a coup against mossadegh ? 
  or because usa is supporting ksa , which is funding isis ? 
  i do n't really blame them for not acting in good faith, 
  wrong , iran is responding to the regional instability created by usa/ksa/israel . 
  it 's aways funny when an american is talking about countries creating instabilites , when usa is the biggest risk to world peace . 
  why the fuck would anyone want to drop iran for israel, 
  do n't use logic it 's not fair !!, 
  leftist ? 
  sorry i was replying to the guy you were replying . 
  missclicked or something, 
  what 's wrong with being anti-sjw ? 
  it 's pretty positive trait, 
  but they are banning elections now, 
  but it shows his real character, 
  what is a tankie ? 
  genuine question, 
  but did it show he was pro paedophilia before ? 
  because corbyn was supportive of the socialists in venezuela, 
  it is cowering , just saying that he condemns the violence on both sides he tries to equalize them and that 's wrong, 
  what values ? 
  in the beginning of the year he said  if you are neutral in situations of injustice , you have chosen the side of the oppressor . 
  now he is cowering from condemning a government which is becoming a dictatorship . 
  but both sides are not equal one is banning elections the other wants elections, 
  yeah last time someone tried communism/socialism failed and killed a couple of millions it was n't actually communism/socialism but now my special type of communism/socialism will work so we should try again, 
  jeremy corbyn january this year  if you are neutral in situations of injustice , you have chosen the side of the oppressor . 
  jeremy corbyn august this year  not condemning the injustices of the socialist regime oh boy the irony, 
  because europe is choosing neither atm and we are getting wahhabism in europe, 
  better hezbollah than isis, 
  not really we should force them to disarm, 
  well by your logic we should work to unarm israel nuclear arsenal, 
  absolutely , especially if you sell weapons, 
  why are you dodging his question ? 
   or , you know , be a proper democratic country and arrest them . 
  not turn into north korea . 
  maybe but sadly it 's very costly to keep prisoners in europe , we should probably create some prisons in some me country and outsource prisoners there, 
  we should make a petition,
