  not beating , but a slap would be okay, 
  with it the invasion still had little credibility , without it us population wouldnt support the invasion at all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1441 this is the resolution on which bush declared war , and the main point of it is the wmds . 
  well we should sanction usa too then because they are still funding moderate terrorists in syria, 
  still against un resolutions and still does n't excuse them . 
  but the usa did n't claim that at all . 
  they claimed saddam had wmd and that was the reason they invaded , they claimed it was to bring peace in the middle east only after no evidence of wmd was found and boy how much peace they brought to me . 
  also russians claim they invaded crimea because they feared ultra right wing ukrainian nationalist would start killing russians in the region, 
  no they are n't in both a stronger nation invades a weaker one for it 's own benefit , while the un is against it . 
  usa started claiming that they invaded so they can liberate iraq from saddam only after their clam that he had weapons of mass destruction was exposed as a lie, 
  still does n't excuse the invasion , nor the meddling in the countries next to iraq from then till now, 
  well i 'm just stating that 's it 's a bit hypocritical to sanction russia if we did n't sanction usa and uk , and usa and uk actions lead to much more civil casualties and instabilites in the region . 
  saddam was definitely not as theatening as sa was in 2002 , 9/11 terrorits were from sa and till this day sa is still funding terrorist organisations and spreading wahhabism , which is still radicalising muslims in europe . 
  non of this was the reason usa invaded , they claimed iraq had weapons of mass destruction , and invaded so saddam would n't `` use them '' and guess what no weapons were found.just serving usa 's interests in the region, 
  exactly the same can be said about usa and uk intervention in iraq tho , and there are no sanctions against them, 
  why ? 
  it 's pretty legit point . 
  i know . 
  bulgarian one is annoying for sure, 
  in politics only content i 've even seen for the last 1 year is trump bashing only , absolutely nothing else, 
  well politics is one sided tho . 
  it 's not like in usa is much different for example . 
  one of the few relevant ? 
  you mean failing by the dnc for having hillary as candidate ? 
  better pause it forever, 
  can someone pass a slice to bulgaria please ? 
  it is dubious but still kind of democratic, 
  it is an election , question is how legitimate it is and what part of the population was really asked, 
  i do n't see many american teenagers being killed in america by yemeni , do you ? 
  well for usa every male in the regions they bomb in yemen which is over 16 years old is a terrorst , it 's a bit far fetched do n't you think . 
  assad is elected by his people as a ruler of syria, 
  and help sa make another humanitarian crisis in yemen , bigger than the one in syria http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38767874, 
  on what ? 
  that we have the gospels , and letters between church letters ? 
  that 's why vetting is needed but noone is doing it , im pretty sure you can pick up who is from syria and who is n't . 
  also it is much easier to help them in countries near syria instead of when they are in europe . 
  you do n't but you have most of them and you can critically reconstruct the rest . 
  yes you can , we know what christianity was before it , we know what the council was about ( arian controversy ) so we can recreate early christianity . 
  you really do n't understand what i 'm trying to tell you . 
  being not political from it 's beggining christianity can still be practiced without it 's political components because it 's close to a philosophy , while islam was only political tool for muhammed to justify his conquests and put him on top of arabic world hierarchy . 
  not really . 
  my argument is that first christians like paul , peter , jesus and so on were not political so you can follow their religion separating it from politics unlike islam , which muhammed used for his political advantage, 
  year 74 is not mention even once in the second source do you even know what you are linking ? 
  so my argument is that christianity was n't political in it 's beginnig which is around 50 ad and was later used by politicians for their own agenda and you try to refute it with pointing to constantine who lived 250 years later or that there were christians individuals in the roman army as early as 201 ad ? 
  into what lol ? 
  you do n't back up your arguments in any way . 
  destroyed by a argumentation he does n't back up in any way ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  we need serious vetting and preferably do n't let single young uneducated males like we are now, 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  do they or your interpretation of history ? 
  some reliable source on that ? 
  false point from your point of view , which i find irrelevant . 
  it seems that you dont ' understand my point . 
  christianity not being immediately political means you can still practise it and do n't heavily influence your political views , islam for example ca n't because it 's main purpose is to influence politics . 
  not really , early christians were just not involved in politics despite the fact that some were influential , later is became a tool for control , but that was n't it 's original intention unlike islam . 
  also islam is more involved in everyday life . 
  that 's what i 'm saying christianity got dragged into politics , islam was created to serve the political purpose of uniting arab tribes and subdue them , make them serve and obey muhhamed successors and relatives . 
  not originally , unlike islam , first christians were not engaging in politics , unlike first muslims , which used islam as a political tool to conquer and enslave the other arab tribe . 
  we should just vet people who want to be immigrants , problem is n't liberal people fleeing from turkey , the problem is the so called `` refugees '' , which we do n't vet and which do n't bring any value to the countries hosting them , but instead create more problems !, 
  islam is not just a religion , it 's heavily invested in the politics and daily of the muslims . 
  lets his wife outside tho, 
  not true . 
  it depends, 
  so because they were around a long time , we need to invite more extremist right ? 
  like i have cancer so maybe i should get syphilis too , because you know i already have cancer !, 
  but we already have a wall so trump would be happy, 
  you look like a poster from there, 
  is butthurt a better word for you then ? 
  someone is triggered ? 
  can you give me some stats and comparison between eu and uk money ? 
  but why you think these money you wo n't be sending in the eu will go to wales ? 
  so why you say * now that the uk is leaving the eu , the uk will be able to invest that money in wales *, 
  why didnt uk invest before brexit ? 
  chances are she is going to loose the elections right ? 
  also when are the elections ? 
  so there must be blood so people wishes become relevant ? 
  also i told you in the early 90ties crimea wanted referendum for independence from ukraine , but kiev forbade it . 
  well then if there was no problem with serbia , there should n't be a problem with crimea , also i believe crimea had some independancy from ukraine , but they wanted more . 
  why not ? 
  is n't the people will more important than territorial integrity ? 
  if territorial integrity was so important why was serbia divided ? 
  but not the enirity of estonia or latvia , and crimea is kinda geographically separated from ukraine , should n't the people there have the right to choose which country they want to be part of ? 
  also these people wanted to make a independence referendum around 1991/1992 but were n't let by kiev , why should n't they have the right to do it , if for example parts of serbia try to separate from it ? 
  but is supermajority of your population russian and wanting to become a part of russia ? 
  but crimea was russian for more than 200 years . 
  crimeans never wanted to be part of ukraine they were given as a gift by some crazy soviet union leader . 
  crimeans wanted a referendum to leave ukraine for a long time and majority of the people were for it . 
  why should n't they be part of russia if they want to russia wants to , the region was mostly russian for a long time ago and only kiev do n't want them to?this is different from expanding . 
  why the fuck is she an un embassador ? 
  this , even if true , does not compromise the election which he won legitimately . 
  lets hope they do, 
  will they loose votes if an early election happens, 
  you are right that ted malloch has no place in brussels and we should not accept him , but trump presidency is absolutely legitimate . 
  my bad, 
  how is supporting the un resolution antisemitic ? 
  i think that the problem is that you do n't have the infrastructure to be a 3rd party and win enough states , so people say you kinda have to choose between dem or rep , still for me 3rd party would be the most reasonable for the past election, 
  they had they can vote 3rd party . 
  there were some 3rd party votes , me personally would vote 3rd party if i were american . 
  it is stupid tho , still i do n't think it makes the election less fair than erdogans .
