  we need to accept that assad is not going away and we should start helping him rebuild his country, 
  it 's way harder for the immigrants to come thru the balkans now in comparison to 2015, 
  you mean his own bank account ? 
  it is n't that funny to the palestinians, 
  israel just happens to steal the land of palestinians , while claiming they are not, 
  absolutely , i also agree with taking refugees but only real refugees not every random person who says he is a war refugee, 
  yeah because our politicians decided to nurture some immigrants here in europe instead of keeping them in the me , so we have to pay them and taking care of immigrants in the eu is much more costly than in the me . 
  but i guess we have to help jordan and lebanon with money , idk why we dont, 
  http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.7c00d8e6143101d166d1aab/1485556214938/inkomna+ans%c3%b6kningar+om+asyl+2015+-+applications+for+asylum+received+2015.pdf that 's by the swedish migration agency males are 70 % if you want to you can look up for the entire eu do you have any proof that 100 % are shapeshifting aliens ? 
  edit : http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-12-30/more-than-1-million-asylum-seekers-reached-europe-by-sea-in-2015/7060012 that 's for the entire eu from the un refugee agency, 
  they are to be considere refugees only in the countries adjacent to their own , we should send money to them there but we should n't let them in europe , also from what i 've read 60 % were male 20 % female and the rest are children ( a lot of young males present themselves as childer ) so what kind of refugee would run away from war and leave his family behind , it 's obvious they are economical immigrants and we have no reason to let them in europe, 
  there are no refugees in europe , only migrants, 
  ofcourse we should and we should have started to pay turkey way before 2014, 
  well you can split the blame with france and uk then, 
  extremely few people are able to work 80 hours + and most of them are man, 
  please tell me you do n't actually believe in the wage gap, 
  nobody is blaming us for dictators killing people . 
  if usa did n't ivade iraq , did n't help ` moderate ' rebels in syria and did n't kill libya 's dictator they would be seen in much more positive light, 
  the united states of america, 
  better than the `` moderate '' rebels half of which are with the same values as isis, 
  he is a good guy in syrians ' point of view, 
  as he said same as kosovo, 
  protip : can be used as a substitute of suits in your most important life events like weddings and shit . 
  you do n't get instantly reported either . 
  the big problem was letting any immigrants near the eu and supporting the `` moderate '' rebels in syria . 
  then why are we letting them in germany , we should stop them in turkey and provide them there . 
  supporting imigrants in turkey is way cheaper than supporting them in germany , so if we keep them in turkey we can help more people or create better conditions for the same amount of people, 
  they still made the right decision, 
  not exactly extreme left universites tend to be about gender studies and shit like this , while technological progess comes from universities like mit, 
  i did n't say it was caused by the eu . 
  obviously eu governments should do something to stop the immigration from me and africa . 
  yeah only 2 million migrants coming into eu from me and africa, 
  that people like wilders are on the rise because the eu governments did n't do their job . 
  well they are still discussing and it 's been three years since the migrant crysis . 
  how is this not sexist ? 
  it 's a little bit different between saying these things and actually doing them, 
  trudeau was n't ridiculous expectation , it was doable but he backed off because it did n't suit him . 
  it baffles me how the eu do n't have something simular, 
   also singapore does n't accept any refugees thus the composition of migration is different . 
  i think it 's not a fitting comparison at all . 
  it seems singapore has good migration policy . 
  but most eu countries have, 
  i do n't think if turkey starts somethings the rest of europe will just stay and do nothing, 
  it is if you go there at night and are on foot , you should n't have any problem if you are with a car, 
  they are not bulgarian at all , they are gypsi, 
  that 's 40 % success rate, 
  i 'm suggesting it, 
  well we should keep them forever then , should n't we ? 
  that still sounds pretty near to a `` no go zone '' tho, 
  good old race is whatever suits my argument . 
  somehow you seem even more bitter and butthurt than him, 
  one thing is sure and that 's that usa is n't the example we should follow, 
  i really do n't like these state either . 
  and they are pest to the eu too . 
  also they are far less active than usa in their meddling into me affairs . 
  maybe china not supporting rebels in syria and sa in their war with yemen helps a bit . 
  america interests are n't eu interests either . 
  do n't make stupid overestimation you ca n't defend, 
  so what ? 
  if you do n't have europe as an ally you would be far less relevant . 
  are you dumb?in both ww some european countries would win and some would lose . 
  the world wars were about power shifts between the european great powers . 
  and the usa only has so much world influence because eu was silently backing them , if they did oppose them things would be very different, 
  to think that usa saved europe in a world war which is fought between european nations is really stupid . 
  u.s gdp is not much bigger and also eu gdp does not count switzerland and denmark . 
  if russia with it 's 2 trillion gdp can influence syria why do you think eu with it 's 16 trillion ca n't do the same ? 
  america had relevance on the world stage only because europe had ptsd from ww1 and ww2 and did n't want to play with politics outside the continent , not because europe is less capable than america, 
  back assad obviously he wo n't loose the war , there is no point in prolonging it, 
  maybe it 's time for europe to grow a backbone and do something about the war in syria, 
  communism in a country with 150 million people is a bit different than communism in a country with 30 thousand, 
  russia had communism , it 's hard to come back from that . 
  yes he is ? 
  were have you been last year ? 
  how is ignoring and not follow your people wishes for democratic change not silencing ? 
  well if they want to be part of german and if they try to get a referendum to join germany, 
  but what if the majority of the population want to be part of another country , and want referendum but the government does n't let them ? 
  there were some surveys they wanted referendum for joining russia in 2009-2011, 
  but nowadays most part of ukraine does n't have russian ethnic majority does it ? 
  that and that europe should n't blindly follow usa but should have it 's own opinion on the matter . 
  and this is relevant to my argument how exactly ? 
  you know usa do n't recognises crimea as russian right ? 
  more like this i got this car which has personality and wants to be back to his previous owner but i do n't let that , so the previous owner takes it by force, 
  i just hope the fucking stupid us does n't try to do that, 
  did n't let them take a referendum on leaving ukraine ? 
  well my point is that the system is in constant failure mode, 
  then why the tunisian terrorist was in germany after he was declined status ? 
  im just saying that if we do n't agree with crimean russia we should n't agree with independent kosovo, 
  i totally agree with that, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum%2c_2014 in the polling section of the article you can see polls for potential referendum for joining russia, 
  but we can have 100 000 afganistan immigrants in germany ? 
  only difference is that serbians used to kill the people who wanted independence while ukrainians silenced them, 
  they did n't import them . 
  crimea had mainly russian population for the last 200 years . 
  because crimea wanted to be seperate from ukraine since 1991 and possibly join russia , but like kosovo ukraine did n't let them . 
  it 's absolutely the same thing with kosovo, 
  well that 's exactly his argument, 
  if nobody wants unresticted immigration why we have unrestricted immirgation, 
  that 's what im saying , i 'm not justifing russia i 'm pissed that we still let america meddle in me and we eat their shit, 
  i know it is , but iraq wmd is as bullshit as the ukrainain nationalist holocaust thing . 
  my point is that we are being too much hypocritical,
