  i understand you try to look like the good guys but you are n't . 
  also % of people in jail, 
  why, 
  but you are arming isis and al qaeda better stop selling arms to sa and instead sanction that, 
  wo n't they try to make an investigation to find who did it first ? 
  not really we would have seen much shorter war . 
  it 's baseless speculations that the war would prolong more . 
  you are talking bullshit only reason these rebellions `` worked '' in syria and iraq was because the west and saudi arabia and uae were arming the rebels . 
  you maybe think weapons grow on trees or something, 
  yeah because isis and al quaeda are not armed by our good friends from sa and uae, 
  i doubt that . 
  it 's this kind of excuses that lead to bloody wars and deals like the one trump made with sa . 
  the rebellion would have been crushed in the beginning and less blood would have been shed, 
  especially if sa an uae send them to you, 
  not if the west and it 's allies did n't arm the rebels, 
  sure they grow them on trees, 
  yeah and why countries like uae and sa can do that ? 
  is it by any chance because the west is selling them arms and keeping quiet about their human rights violation ? 
  how do you think rebels armed themselves ? 
  it 's like r/politics cancerous echo chamber , i do n't go there since the elections, 
  how do you think libyian rebels armed themselves ? 
  why would there be without gadaffi death and western intervention ? 
  what worked ? 
  arming rebels ? 
  helping islamists ? 
  selling weapons to saudi arabia so they can support isis ? 
  people would live better then they are now , there would n't be a civil war people would n't have died and we would n't have migrants coming from africa, 
  a mistake ? 
  that 's all you are gon na say ? 
  pretty weak excuse . 
  yes doing nothing would have been better just like not invading iraq and not supporting islamist rebels would have been so much fucking better . 
  maybe but donnie also looks closer to melania age . 
  still it 's discrimination, 
  well that 's not the only aspect of the donald it was full of memes around the election and was pretty fun , now it 's kinda cancerous, 
  melania relationship with trump started when she was around 30 , while macron relationship started when he was 17 or something . 
  pretty different, 
  well dnc election candidates supported it, 
  selling arms to sa does n't help heh ? 
  nice excuse, 
  and some muslim countries promote terrorism and we sell them weapons, 
  sure sure, 
  so i have to believe you just like that ? 
  yeah they are not always okey with suicide bombings but they are okay when you make a cartoon with the prophet that 's soo much better, 
  you can deport them, 
  they are supposed not to be terrorists in europe there . 
  just because they are growing does n't mean they all want a final solution, 
  neither agrees with you . 
  from what i heard pis is less corrupt than the other polish parties and are okay . 
  why ? 
  well nigel farage is a politician . 
  it 's pretty obvious their culture is european , also if they are such humanist we can send all the immigrants to america right ? 
  guess if their culture is european or not, 
  nono , tell me which cultures are more accepting into human rights please, 
  did the jewish immigrants asked to go to better parts of the countries they went to in order to get free benefits ? 
  failure is guaranteed, 
  hurr durr no argument so i 'm gon na call everyone nazi hurr durr . 
  and which cultures are better ? 
  i guess every sub in which there is content you do n't agree with is not just far right but also nazi sub right ? 
  so what ? 
  saudi arabia is interfering too . 
  you know we can import people needed from china or argentina or some other place from which we wo n't get people with cultures opposite to ours right ? 
  got away with trump ? 
  everyone who does n't agree with me is nazi . 
  these ngos are illegally smuggling immigrants in europe , we should just make a deal in libya to send them all back , and the rest will learn that europe is closed we ca n't integrate them and they are only leeching benefits it needs to stop now . 
  nah it 's ngo fault for teaching these `` refugees '' how to come to europe . 
  but they have democracy now, 
  worst years ever, 
  lifelong sentences would be the best . 
  it 's just that all commies are stuck on the seize the means of production part, 
  which reminds me , wtf is australia doing in the middle of russia in the subreddit map ? 
  definitely, 
  it 's time for eastern europe to get it 's shit together, 
  why is that ? 
  is it more barbaric than burning people alive ? 
  or how 1400 girls under 14 were married to adults in germany last year . 
  it 's not exactly islam , it 's the islam the refugees are practising , although i 've read somewhere that bosnians are starting to radicalise too . 
  source ? 
  if you have broken arm would you break your other arm , cuz you have to go to the hospital anyway ? 
  sources ? 
  why is n't it low ? 
  i do n't want people who burn other people alive to be able to live in our society at all ? 
  nice excuse , maybe we should try communism again huh ? 
  it really baffles me why people still try to defend the most terrible ideology of 20th century , which is on par with nazism . 
  it was not real communism meme ? 
  romans were pretty different than commies, 
  nah it 's led by the invisible hand of da patriarchy, 
  sexism much ? 
  what happens with men and women are equal ? 
  forced by nature maybe ? 
  singe parents are mainly women because the courts are biased in their favor . 
  you seem to be buying that women are always victim feminist propaganda, 
  sorry i had to . 
  i believe he wanted to write hillary , it 's the most logical one , although it works with trump too, 
  no he means that ~ ~ trump ~ ~ hillary lost because potential democrat voters stayed home . 
  he means hillary, 
  if there was a big problem with the election system , why the dems kept quiet when obama won the primaries , you look petty . 
  trump election is in the past , get over it . 
  funny how people do n't bitch about obama winning in the same way in the primaries against clinton, 
  there is a good reason for sd becoming largest party in sweden . 
  well that 's the idea really low immigration with high standards , preferably from south american countries , in which the culture is similar to the european and the crime rates and education levels are comparable , also all of the refugees need to be send to camps , and should n't have the ability to move freely into the host countries , the migrant crisis was handled extremely terribly .
