i 'm fucking terrified that people will start saying now that games and larping cause people to use violence . 
  it 's clear he was mentally disturbed , and he was part of a small larp community . 
  this could seriously be fucked , i hope parents do n't start telling their kids to stop playing games because they could go insane . 
  you should watch [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtlxziiuaxs ), 
  our technology is miles ahead of everyone and i ca n't be bothered to go outside with all this technology . 
  wow , surprised how many of us there are . 
  i suppose it is a bit like that . 
  i 'm probably just being stupid . 
  doing it right now and ... no ? 
  if anything it 's cylindrical like an u. 
  maybe it 's just me . 
  something like that , yeah . 
  ... not really . 
  you do n't pronounce that letter quite like an o. 
  i 've never really used them either , i doubt english people use such a word commonly aswell . 
  it 's a word that exists and is used more than other such words even though it 's not used much . 
  yeah . 
  mups is for cute animals as in the picture like kittens . 
  u wot m8, 
  ahh fair enough . 
  but really , what 's the difference ? 
  it 's just russian tv . 
  you do n't see usa with national channels in mexican . 
  yeah , especially in estonia , one of the most technologically advanced nations in the world . 
  what ? 
  we 've had russian channels forever ... 
  those were the old kind of guns , where you stuffed the ammunition in the barrel with gunpowder . 
  suppose it could have worked , doubt it though . 
  you are confusing sweden and finland/estonia , even then it is n't normal to be completely naked in public . 
  rich people say they want to be like everyone else , but they do n't know what it 's like to live with no/very little money left over . 
  then when they do become like everyone else , they want to be rich again . 
  what do you even mean ? 
  socialism is working right now in dozens of countries across the globe . 
  mis asi ` eendil ' on ? 
  most remnants of socialism work . 
  the only explanation i can think of why socialism is hated by some is post wwii propaganda by the allies against communism ( which is completely different from socialism ), 
  i 'm estonian and i do n't understand that sentence . 
  not much , never collected any . 
  you would n't know that he is attacking though , so it would be the same as a gun . 
  all about perspective . 
  are they mounting a full military invasion of ukraine ? 
  it 's kind of obvious . 
  200 mil vs 1 mil . 
  far superior technology . 
  i know you all hate russia , but they are a military powerhouse . 
  woah . 
  well that makes me feel better . 
  i mean , i still realize russia would steamroll us , but having that army makes me feel safe . 
  even though it does n't matter . 
  we have 13k troops ? 
  i suppose they are quite different , but similar enough for me to screw up . 
  they are also just lots of small nations in one tight area . 
  lots of room to go wrong . 
  i will . 
  i 'm not even an adult yet , but my mother lives in norway and i 've witnessed first hand the pleasures of money . 
  and she has to pay for a whole family of five up there !, 
  that does affect it , but they all sound the same to me . 
  all foreign with lots of j and z. belgrade and bucharest are similar to me , as well . 
  i think it 's far more the fact that the balkans have so many small nations with so many similar and confusing names , whereas all the other ones are fairly easy , and unique . 
  even reykavjk is special , unique to the others , as hard as it may be . 
  better salaries . 
  i do n't mind the larger taxes if it still ends up so that after a year of working and saving up you can actually buy something worth any kind of money ( a couple hundred euros ), 
  50-100 mb/s ? 
  wow . 
  that 's huge . 
  fiber ? 
  nice . 
  i live in a village of 1000 people . 
  i 'm lucky actually , most people here have below 200 kb/s internet or none at all . 
  wow ? 
  100 kb/s ? 
  that 's horrible . 
  mine is 470 kb/s ( or 4.7 mb/s if you like to use those , i always confuse mb and mb . ), 
  you think you have it bad ? 
  the school i go to , in rural estonia , in the middle of nowhere , was built in the 16th century , and it 's considered average age . 
  several centuries after holy orders invaded the baltics and brought them german-like architecture , so there are buildings from the 14th century that are quite magnificent , very similar to germany . 
  estonian architecture is very similar to old german architecture . 
  [ germany ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2306/2379324223_79b24ca6f5.jpg ) [ estonia ] ( http://www.cruisetimetables.com/excursions/tallinn-town-square.jpg ) [ estonia again ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/33/c5/a4/33c5a4d40727d642cd041f675d9fcbcc.jpg ) does anything about that sound ` russian ' to you ? 
  ... and ? 
  you 're saying a lack of population defines amount of history ? 
   were ruined by the commies here it goes again . 
  what is it with your obsession of the commies destroying . . what again ? 
  and you 're saying that lithuania and poland have history but estonia , latvia and finland do n't ? 
  which is exactly what i 'm saying . 
  just because some of the poor parts of estonia have old , russian apartment buildings does n't mean the whole place looks as bad as the bad parts of the usa . 
  what i 'm saying is estonia has gorgeous parts . 
  most of the big cities are gorgeous , tallinn especially . 
  riga is one of the most beautiful cities in all of europe . 
  saying latvia , estonia , finland and lithuania have no chance against the rest of europe in comparison of beauty ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  wow . 
  have fun hating on russia as well . 
  do n't act as if only estonia has boring parts . 
  [ this ] ( http://aphs.worldnomads.com/johnkeith/11578/p6251054.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://www.mimages.co.za/files/imagecache/watermark/files/cabaa-icebb-bedaj-gc_thumb.jpg ) is your average usa, 
  that 's also true i suppose . 
  i still like the question . 
  you are the perfect american stereotype . 
  generalizing europe , ` murica big ' , ` murica diverse ' , rude , talking about things you know nothing about as if you were the expert . 
  i agree completely .
