ahh . 
  yeah i 've never visited anything outside of tallinn , but i should . 
   seriously its a realy lovely country visit some other places than tallin and you will see all the culture that there is ummm ... why do you star out like it 's all nice and then suddenly say that is should visit other places . 
  tallinn is a beautiful city . 
  [ darude-sandstorm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psyxt9gm0fq ) this is not a joke . 
  how am i not surprised that helsinki is one of the worst cities at integrating immigrants . 
  we actually agreed to never talk about politics ever again . 
  yep . 
  my russian parents call me a traitor for being liberal and against putin . 
  like `` you do n't support russia !, 
  you are brainwashed by all the western propaganda ! '', 
  swedish . 
  whenever i tell anyone my name ( daniel is a very swedish name in finland ) `` they go ahh daaaaaaaaaaaniel ( the swedish pronunciation exaggerates the a ) then i have to correct them that no i 'm not swedish and my name has a short a. 
  it 's either destroyed or in really bad shape . 
  it looks absolutely nothing like a finnish city anymore . 
  `` let 's save the economy by making already poor people poorer ! '', 
  - finnish govement, 
  because it does n't work . 
  philadelphia had a finnish majority for a while according to wikipedia . 
  yeah scandinavian languages are ugly . 
  good thing we finns ( mostly ) do n't speak them . 
  portuguese sounds like a russian trying to speak spanish . 
  funny you say that , because estonian sounds like drunken finnish to us . 
  never would have guessed that people like finnish that much . 
  yep i live 15 min bikeride away from farms . 
  and ten mins away from 15 floor high rises . 
  yep most vantaans hate being called part of helsinki , but i love it . 
  let 's just hope it 'll get better soon . 
  it 's not like our economy lives of off cheese and nokia 's . 
  i 'm talking about the finnish economy . 
  well that 's depressing ... edit : i 'm talking about the finnish economy . 
  you would be surprised how many well educated and well traveled russians are still completely brainwashed . 
  they gave us autonomy and more rights to the finnish language . 
  make sure to make it pointy . 
  i mean we got oltermanni . 
  every time we go to russia to visit our relatives they say bring us oltremanni , because you ca n't get it in russia due to the sanctions . 
  [ narvan marssi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyedizfsty8 ) is really good , but i like it 's [ faster version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe9o0nvqfba&amp;list=llpqslimypz_j1ffagoossya&amp;index=1 ) . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  a lot of the people bit into their propaganda and support them and even if you do n't it is still terrifying to live there , because you could get killed . 
  do n't you have an american style health system ? 
  if so no . 
  yeah . 
  that is why i oppose the idea of an european federation . 
  it will probably destroy our welfare states . 
  a nordic union would probably be better for us . 
  swedish is n't native to finland . 
  so then they should give priority to finnish . 
  so apparently in this alternate dimension helsinki just does n't exist and finns were never deported from karelia . 
  well sweden is already 80 % palestinian / s, 
  actually the greek monarchs were bavarian . 
  just look at their name . 
  for us finns it would have to be the ` th ' sound . 
  most people give up trying to say it and just use 'd ' instead . 
  also a lot of people have problems with ` sh ' ( pronounced as 's ' and ` h ' ) , ` w ' ( pronounced as ` v ' ) , the weird english ` r ' is pronounced as the regular ` rolling r ' and those little words like ` a ' ` the ' ` on ' ` in ' . 
  to anyone wondering this is an exorcism . 
  here are the key things that they are saying : at the start they are saying `` to jerusalem ! '', 
  as in the priest is going to ride the `` demon '' all the way to there . 
  then the `` demon '' says : `` why are you filming me ? 
  mom save me ! '', 
  and the guy behind the camera says : `` demons do n't have mothers . '', 
  add a few `` glory to god ! '', 
  and complaints about how painful the exorcism is here and there . 
  an exorcism . 
  well we only have 5.5 milion people . 
  i have no clue . 
  it was created to win a competition . 
  which is a title for some kind of airplane jet engine student . 
  i 'm half russian . 
  would switch with nicholas ii to prevent ww1 and liberalize russia . 
  grant independence to all the countries that wanted it . 
  it 's a lot older than i thought . 
  the russian oligarchs get fed up with the sanctions and sstage a western friendly coup . 
  i did n't say we hate ikea . 
  we love it , which makes us hate sweden even more . 
  we all hate them . 
  denmark hates them . 
  norway hates them . 
  we hate them . 
  and they all of us . 
  feels so good to be better than sweden . 
  no one . 
  he thinks finland is an american puppet and voting has no influence , but he said that he would have voted for the finns `` if the elections mattered . '', 
  edit : by the way he 's an ingrian finn and he still believes all the russian bull crap . 
  my father actually denies that russia censors it 's press and says it has the freest press in the world . 
  he also said that americans feed of of the rest of the world and should be eliminated . 
  he has the worst case of brainwashing i have ever seen . 
  honestly . 
  a lot of people blame the refs when their country loses . 
  i ` am actually half russian , but live in finland so i was n't sure about russians in russia . 
  even here they are like that , even though they have easy access to western media . 
  the worst thing is , as far as i know a lot of russians do n't even know that their country is doing so . 
  and when the media mentions it they make the west seem like the aggressor . ~ ~ when the russian bombers flew into british airspace ~ ~ russia that the brits intercepted them in neutral airspace . 
  edit : was wrong about russia breaching the british airspace , but it still was an aggressive move from them . 
  it 's safe as long as you do n't go into the war zone in the easternmost part of the country . 
  well we are currently getting a lot of anti-russian government russians moving into finland rigt now . 
  but yeah most russians here are pro-russian , but as far as i know that is the case almost everywhere . 
  finland has a large russian minority and a lot of stores that sell russian products . 
  so we are probably the best choice . 
  probably estonian . 
   it 's really easy do n't lie to me .
