  there 's a dialogue in serbian in the beginning . 
  well , there are words thrown in into english dialogue actually . 
  i had a feeling that the voice work was decent , although the russian parts were somewhat screwed up . 
  and here 's another proof that all you foreign people want is to drink the blood of my people . 
  my grandma was right after all . 
  i 'm so russian i bleed potatoes and vodka , and then i assemble nuclear reactors with my bare hands and wrestle bears before going to bed in my communal apartment . 
  eh , 89 is n't exactly mid-80 's if you wan na get technical about it , i 'm more of your peer . 
  maybe i 'm his evil ( good ? ), 
  long lost twin . 
  i 'm not particularly into comics , but there 's that superman alternative origin story [ red son ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/superman:_red_son ) where he lands in the ussr and becomes awesome . 
  i 'm like , uh , the russian version of your ex . 
  how 's that for plot-twists . 
  1989 here , i 'm more into non-descript electronic umtz-umtz-umtz eastern european music . 
  although my absolute favorite musical genre is stoner doom ( sludge ? 
  whatever , there 's too many sub-genres ) . 
  i 've been listening to `` pyramid of the moon '' ( shrinebuilder ) all day today . 
  there 's that local band that 's totally kickass in my opinion , give it a go if you 're up to something [ vaguely foreign ] ( http://kamni.bandcamp.com/album/a-t-o-m ) yet familiar at the same time . 
  seriously ? 
  i could easily confuse portuguese with spanish , but spanish sounds to me a bit more well-defined , as in sounds are clearer . 
  clothes from the 80 's is the best kind of clothes . 
  also haircuts . 
  and [ 80 's speed metal ] ( http://www.prostheticallyhip.com/images/80sspeedmetal.gif ) . 
  i think that slavic accents in american movies are kinda cool though . 
  there 's that new movie `` killing season '' with travolta and deniro , and travolta plays a serbian dude in it ( sweet beard btw ) . 
  he kinda does portray some sounds realistically and i think that the gestures are n't all that far off , but all other things are exaggerated . 
  i mostly know how serbian sounds from visual media and some church choirs , to me it does n't sound all that far off phonetically from russian so i 'm making some assumptions here . 
  my personal favorite fake russian in american movies is capt. 
  ivan danko portrayed by arnold schwarzenegger . 
  the part when he says `` khooligany '' always gets me . 
  and the part in the beginning in that weird sauna place ( i get it , i get it - it 's supposed to be a banya ) with some fake russian thrown in . 
  eh , you should listen to my old algebra teacher then . 
  her shrill voice always gave me a shiver . 
  during the first few minutes of each class she would pick a `` victim '' at random and make you solve problems on the desk and whatnot . 
  it 's not the math that got me on my toes , it was her harsh voice pronouncing every single letter of my surname with clarity of a judge sentencing you to a death row . 
  ah , the school years . 
  the memories . 
  i can give you her contacts . 
  she 's probably still single . 
  does russian really sound all that harsh ? 
  i always thought that slavic languages have that soft quality to them . 
  yeah , i was going to pitch in with my 5 cents ( kopecks , actually ) and point out that the poster is satirical in nature . 
  it 's like ... duh . 
  it 's obviously not an actual piece of propaganda . 
  how so ? 
  what about a democratic federation/confederation built upon the eu and other states on the continent ? 
  i did n't say that it should be built through conquest . 
  i left the statement with an open ending . 
  they know it themselves , especially the ones who received training in the field of economics and had a special class called `` groups of interest and lobbies in politics '' . 
  but one still can dream for one big state stretched from dublin to vladivostok , although those dreams may differ in some significant aspects . 
  i was trying to label everything `` russia '' but it does n't work like that :( this quiz was hard , i could n't name all the little countries wedged between bigger ones . 
  and what russia has to do with any of that , if the article 's title says `` serbia '' and the same goes for the linked youtube video ? 
  russia already has a great influx of immigrants , mostly from ex-ussr republics of central asia . 
  i did some quick [ googling ] ( http://rapsinews.com/news/20130912/268818377.html ) , and it turns out that it 's second most popular destination for immigration . 
  yes , yes . 
  them russians are always the bad guys . 
  it 's because of the accents . 
  and furry hats . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  it 's not about independence , it 's about showing them russkies the good old kukish . 
  you can google it . 
  it 's a vulgar gesture of defiance and/or denial . 
  depends on the context . 
  if i was ukraine , i would n't be sticking with russia . 
  or maybe i would . 
  it 's a complex issue . 
  either way , neither organization means annexation of ukraine . 
  so she does n't lose her independence in any case . 
  well , ukraine will most likely join the eu at some point in the future so we will see how it plays out . 
  the common ukrainian will probably gain more than lose , although i do n't think that certain members of nation 's elite will be too happy about joining the eu . 
  personally i 'm all for global integration etc. , etc. 
  i hate applying for visas . 
  yes !, 
  hurrah to that !, 
  the eu will get a much needed influx of 45 million people . 
  and salo . 
  and glorious ukrainian-built airplanes and motors . 
  yay . 
  it 's not like the eu has any financial problems currently . 
  surely it will easily integrate a new country . 
  and hell yeah , maybe move some nato bases closer to russian borders . 
  screw them russkies . 
  yay . 
  yay . 
  but we missed you guys so bad :3 it 's cold and lonely here and nobody to share potatoes with . 
  you go , ukraine . 
  show them russkies that you 're an independent european nation . 
  [ this is truly generous of them  ] ( https://v1.std3.ru/ac/24/1441924429-ac24466867ec8f70e32e4135c660dcec.jpg ), 
  i 'm not taking this forum seriously . 
  i 'm both a retard and a superfluous person . 
  ello , guv ` nor , and cheers !, 
  marry a russian girl - she 'll make you one of us . 
  [ one of us , one of us , one of us !, 
  ] ( http://www.russia-direct.org/sites/default/files/field/image/ap00031701338-russian-studies-625.jpg ), 
  we shall install mighty motor boats into the landmass of eurasia and sail towards you . 
  canada will be the new silk road . 
  also it will integrate into northern siberia and will be renamed to sibenada . 
  i 'm not sure on the technical details , but we 'll figure something out along the way . 
  russia was around for a thousand years . 
  putin is one man . 
  all men perish .
