  kill the president ? 
  please do n't . 
  and bring back wendy 's . 
  why do i have to suffer without baconators ? 
  your sanctions target the wrong people . 
  people like me , connoisseurs of junk food and dank memes . 
  oooh , new term . 
  secret police !, 
  i think it was submitted sarcastically . 
  i 'd say most of them are sarcastic . 
  well , at least it was n't a potato joke . 
  knock-knock . 
  yes !, 
  make chalices out of their skulls !, 
  oh ha ha ha ha , you 're so funny . 
  here 's your upboat , you savage horseman of the steppes . 
  now let 's go raid towns and burn castles , for we are many , our bows are curved , our blood is hot . 
  i do . 
  and i dream of a greater europe , one that stretches from dublin to vladivostok . 
  thanks for the advice , man  underground you say ... 
  yeah . 
  i look up funny pictures with cats on my phone when i 'm supposed to be working . 
  dammit europe , get your shit together , those percentages are not high enough ahahahahahahaha, 
  you 're a fucking retard . 
  i did the fascist schtick ironically , you picky polizei . 
  okay , let 's rephrase : everyone who cheers on people 's deaths is a fucking disgusting animal , a coward and a little whiny shit . 
  i 'd pay top dollar to watch people who hold such views to openly share them with a group of people they hold in contempt . 
  it 's just banter , man . 
  we 're having a pissing contest . 
  sure i did . 
  i 'm betting someone in this thread keeps his grandpa 's ss uniform in the attic , haha . 
  this kind of logic does n't justify the line of thought you 've described . 
  also it paints a picture about what kind of values people like that hold . 
  and it 's an ugly picture . 
  disregard for human life , no respect for the dead . 
  try saying shit like that to the grieving relatives . 
  when you 're anonymous and online you 're all fucking heroes . 
  i am not an employee of a troll factory , i 'm overqualified for that kind of jobs . 
  i 'm an honest to god enthusiast . 
  since when you became the chosen emissary of the united european people ? 
  how the fuck this is an alien subreddit , last time i checked europe stretched all the way to the east , up to the ural mountains . 
  russia is culturally european , despite what you may think . 
  your cursory knowledge of russian politics is very black and white . 
  please provide links to evidence of someone getting a career opportunity in the parliament for shouting `` annex x and fuck all the x '' . 
  i like it how you picked last 300 years . 
  should we be butthurt about polish-lithuanian invasion of russia in the 17th century ? 
  maybe you guys started it first and cemented yourself as an existential threat that needs to be dealt with in historical context ? 
  or maybe even go to the 16th century , to muscovite wars when poland was allied with lithuania ? 
  you were the one who started with exaggerated claim about being shat upon 24/7 . 
  you give yourself too much credit , there 's only one post on / r/russia currently on the main page that has anything to do with the baltic states . 
  besides , we do n't cheer on when your countrymen die . 
  post proofs of russians cheering on a plane crash * en masse * or you 're a fascist , 
  and then they sent him to a gas chamber !, 
  and kremlin exploded !, 
  the first one from the top is a discussion about savchenko , second one mocks the ukrainian army seeing `` little green men '' everywhere , third one from the top is a screenshot of a ukrainian news source that claims that the crashed jet is actually hidden near rostov on don and will be blown up in ukrainian or turkish skies . 
  the third post from the top is a legit reason for laughs in my book . 
  used the following link : http://pikabu.ru/tag/%d0%a3%d0%ba%d1%80%d0%b0%d0%b8%d0%bd%d0%b0/new comments range from tired jokes about the silly `` khokhol '' to mild verbal attacks at savchenko 's physical appearance ( she does n't seem to have lost much weight during her hunger streak ) . 
  pretty average stuff , did n't see any mockery of dead people or anyone wishing death upon a whole ethnic group . 
  although i just skimmed through . 
  okay . 
  the guy in the article is an asshole . 
  i felt like going for a long-worded way of calling lots of people assholes , so it was n't analytical or even pseudo-analytical - i was getting at stereotypes , as is tradition on public forums . 
  we 're all friends here so do n't tense up . 
  enlighten me about what `` my people '' say about ukrainians . 
  i would n't know , mostly because it 's not a topic for discussion around here . 
  now the abrupt end of the syrian operation is the hot topic . 
  jesus h. christ , where are you getting this from ? 
  it 's not on the down-low , you can walk by a construction site and see signs in turkish . 
  people are fully capable of differentiating between , you know , the government of the country and its populace . 
  pfft , take no offense . 
  it 's the anonymity of the internet that brings out the worst in us as a species . 
  people who say things like that come from countries in which highest point in history was to become a judenfrei province of the reich , highest aspiration for their people - rid the world of the pesky russkies ( the invaders , the ugly aliens , etc. ), 
  along with other lesser folks while wearing a stylish black uniform ( in the name of reclaiming their land , of course , the end justifies the means and all that ) . 
  so , they have their own rationale to be butthurt . 
  if they take it out on ordinary victims of a plane crash - it 's a testament to their inferiority complex , lack of moral compass and overall weakness of character . 
  edit : everyone who downvotes this post is a descendant of a butthurt hilfspolizei , 
  dude , a lot of russia 's new buildings ( moscow city office towers , apartment complexes ) are built by a turkish firm renessaince construction . 
  it 's an `` international firm '' though , so business as usual . 
  after reading comments in this thread i want to party with british tourists . 
  why ? 
  do you only accept academic sources ? 
  are all youtube videos fabricated and staged ? 
  i made up the term . 
  can i copyright it ? 
  true that . 
  let 's go youtubing then . 
  http://youtu.be/y1tepjmfh9g - vice documentary `` london 's holy turf war '' . 
  http://youtu.be/nw2w7acogay - some other video about muslim patrols in east london . 
  i was going to post a link about a paris no-go zone , but it appears a piece by fox news was debunked by french media and fox news actually apologized for it . 
  maybe some londeners/parisians will pitch it to this thread regarding their perception of no-go zones in their home cities . 
  here 's a whole bunch of muslims during a prayer in moscow for good measure : http://youtu.be/xfkq57abqac social media sites lose their shit here every year during kurban bayram , haha . 
  correct . 
  i 've posted a link to a sketchy video as an example previously . 
  i can post more , but there 's no reason to - i 'm not trying to prove anything or to further an agenda , just sharing observations . 
  quick googling yields multiple results for sharia zones/patrols both in london in paris . 
  surely the issue is overblown by certain media outlets , but there 's also no smoke without fire . 
  calais jungle is not imaginary . 
  did some quick googling , were n't able to find the source . 
  so i guess my personal observation will have to do for now . 
  as a muscovite , born and raised , i can say that ethnic ghettos do n't pop out around here ( despite the fact that moscow houses 2-3 million guest workers and immigrants ) due to the enormous `` sleeping districts '' on the outskirts of the city , a.k.a commie blocks , which allow the migrants to spread out evenly via renting flats .
