hahaha . 
  waaay ahead of you . 
  we 're the [ third rome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_rome ) . 
  also we 're a mix of [ norsemen and slavs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rus'_people ) . 
  there 's plenty of identities for us to choose for a nice jokeresque multi-personality meltdown . 
  i bet that the shelves are empty because people bought everything in heaps fearing that the desired products might be unavailable due to the sanctions . 
  most russians are politically apathetic - living in the ussr tends to do that to your sense of civic duty , as well as the turmoil of the 90ies when the only true power was the almighty dollar ( which most people did n't have and now are happy to live in moderate comfort - that was the whole deal with the government that tightened the screws , let us buy stuff and go get hammered in thailand and we let you do your gig ) . 
  yeah i concur that the blogger law sucks and i seriously do n't understand the need for it - what kind of regime feels threatened by people venting online ? 
  the overall paranoia over dissent bugs me . 
  on the gay issue - once again , the stance on homosexuality is fairly neutral . 
  the law was pushed by the president to appease the hawkish/ultra-religious crowd . 
  i do n't feel the particular need for that law either . 
  i 'm not defending anything , just trying to paint a picture from this side of the fence . 
  well , historically russia was always at odds with a lot of nations - the interests rarely aligned due to various reasons . 
  one can argue that it 's not about the lack of civilization , it 's about conflicting geopolitical interests since russia never was integrated into a supranational alliance that it did n't forge itself ( apart from medieval times ) - we 've always been the barbarous monsters that needed to be converted into another faith , or be brought under the iron will of an enlightened emperor or just exterminated like vermin to give living space to a superior people . 
  it 's easy to dehumanize your rival , especially when your rival dares to resist . 
  i do understand what you 're trying to say though , and i have no desire to defend my country 's leaders actions , although i can rationalize them . 
  :( we 're civilized , it 's just the accent that makes us sound angry . 
  yeah man , that 's the best - making breakfast before she wakes up or something more complicated than fried eggs . 
  the eyes , those big 0_0 eyes of amazement . 
  behold , woman , i am the master and commander of the kitchen !, 
  now praise my glorious sandwich . 
  i dunno man , from my personal account and the experience of my closest relatives i 'd say this is not the case . 
  my mom never rode my dad 's ass for little things , they have a very loving relationship after 30 years of marriage . 
  anyhow i 'd say that many russian girls are very...strong-willed . 
  yeah , the traditional gender roles are somewhat more prevalent in russia than in the west . 
  although i 'm dating a very career-oriented woman . 
  that 's totally fine in my book , i do n't need someone to cook and clean for me . 
  besides , as a large dude who loves food i probably cook better anyway :d, 
  yes we are , thank you very much :3, 
  good for you . 
  just remember that there are regular guys just like you on the other side of the screen and they probably deserve to be invited to the whole `` let 's not hate each other '' party . 
  surely they have no say in russia 's foreign policy . 
  on your other point about leaving other people alone - that 's just not how the world works . 
  countries do n't have friends , they have interests . 
  some are just tossed around by greater powers . 
  until we all reach post-scarcity economy it 'll be like that . 
  you had 20 + years out of russia 's sphere of influence , good luck with becoming second austria . 
  while you 're at it , please do help ukraine become second france , and romania new norway . 
  send post cards with snarky one liners when you 're done . 
  no reasons are good enough to be butthurt because of events that occurred long before your birth ( i 'm assuming you 're young ) , but hey , it 's the internet , let 's get on with xenophobic frenzy , it 's all in good jest . 
  also helps young russians to cement their hate and distrust of the good old european partners . 
  the snake chokes on its tail and the broken cycle goes on and on and on , until our grandchildren will finally disintegrate the globe without even remembering who wronged who and when . 
  why ? 
  russia has been a multi-confessional state at least since the xv century . 
  the recent outbreaks of xenophobia you might be alluding to are caused by the influx immigrants from central asia/caucasus region , and are usually fueled by ethnic nationalism and not religious bigotry . 
  third time 's a charm , 
  finally this subreddit looks respectable . 
  [ now it 's time to boogie . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ookyi-gfgzs ), 
  :( most russians are polite , it 's just that most russians do n't speak foreign languages well . 
  but no worries !, 
  we will work harder on making foreign people speak russian better , so one day we all become one people . 
  the nature of this question is aggravating . 
  those were polite crimean young men from the local strikeball club . 
  which is glorious !, 
  because it takes capitalist pig-dogs all their meaningless lives to earn money to buy that joy and stuff it in the holes where their souls should be . 
  there will be no such thing as my clay or your clay when we achieve our goals , there will only be our common clay . 
  fret not , comrade , for the day of tomorrow will bring only joy . 
  we love you 25/8 . 
  ai n't no party like surprise anschlu\u00df party !, 
  that 'd be great . 
  i was just teasing . 
  we 're all friends here , after all , even if some of us are rude , ignorant racists who make blanket statements . 
  there 's room for improvement , ignorance by itself is n't despicable , what is truly vile is apathy and lack of desire to learn . 
  regarding your point , it 's quite true . 
  i might add that i 've seen many chechens with reddish/brownish hair . 
  caucasus region is actually very diverse and home to a plethora of various ethnic groups with rich , distinct cultures . 
  the cuisine can be quite exquisite as well . 
  i dunno mate , we 're all one people united by the flag of white , blue and red , standing for the principles of sovereign democracy , stability and order , one nation under godless skies , built on the soil soaked with blood of forefathers . 
  i see no difference myself , what do you expect from this fine american gentleman who seems to embrace the multicultural nature of his country with all his giant , kind heart . 
  truly a man of the modern world , an example to us backwood peasants here . 
  see how our western partners lack the capacity to differentiate between a russian and a chechen , i guess our policies are paying off . 
  dude . 
  you do n't deserve to wear those colors in your flair . 
  also you 're a new account with only one message , so probably a troll . 
  well we did n't get to be the world 's biggest country by sitting on our ass , mon amie :d, 
  he 's a chechen warlord , what did you expect to see ? 
  [ but it 's only a small part ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/ila7a ) :d, 
  because that 's stupid . 
  if you look at the history of decisions undertaken by the current russian government regarding foreign policy , you can call it many things ranging from cunning to ruthless , yet it 's hard to pinpoint actions that were blatantly stupid or perpetrated by a madman from a comic book . 
  your neighbor is a chess nerd that used to be a military buff who feels threatened and encroached and fights back in the only way he knows how . 
  well maybe someone needs better allies then :d, 
  i most certainly would n't since russia wanted to get crimea back after the dissolution of the ussr . 
  what i would find amusing is that no shots were fired during the `` invasion '' . 
  if you 're alluding to the winter war , it was started during very different circumstances and under a very different leadership . 
  so yeah , paranoia . 
  especially in the baltics . 
  nobody is going for them . 
  that 's true . 
  putin wo n't go further than ukraine for obvious reasons , i find all the hysteria from nato countries laughable . 
  true , i 've [ looked it up ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armed_forces_of_ukraine ) . 
  i guess it sucks for crimean guys who are eligible for drafting then . 
  ukraine has mandatory military service as well . 
  newly recruited conscripts will be serving in crimea . 
  nobody will shoot you , chill mate . 
  flee to russia and make the news , go to that guy who hosts a big talk show on perviy . 
  [ soviet terminator ] ( http://toptenfilms.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/red-heat-arnold-schwarzenegger-1024x576.png ) is best terminator . 
  my bad !, 
  i was firmly convinced that the only kind of patriotism is [ this ] ( http://files.volfoto.ru/original/2/61127181011447967595.jpg ) .
