  why ? 
  well we do realize that . 
  i do . 
  my grandma does . 
  i think even my neighbor 's ugly dog knows that . 
  the thing is , most people are pretty content with the rights they have and your advice does n't make much sense [ to us around these parts ] . 
  what rights , precisely , are we lacking ? 
  we can move around . 
  own stuff . 
  do business , whatever . 
  for most russians it 's okay and they do n't see any more rights that need acquiring . 
  what we want is to do business easier . 
  what we want is less bureaucracy . 
  what we want is better funded police that does n't have to resort to bribes . 
  what we want is a more professional medical staff at our gloriously free hospitals . 
  higher pensions . 
  higher salaries . 
  this is seen as urgent , everything else seems irrelevant . 
  corruption on the lower levels is somewhat institutionalized because that 's how you grab your police force by the balls . 
  you let them do corrupt things to feed themselves and that gives you leverage over them , because if they do n't do stuff that you want to be done , you can throw them into prison on the basis of corruption charges . 
  easy . 
  and that gives you power over the masses . 
  that 's what you do with lower-ranking officials to keep your hold on everything . 
  most people do n't care about free assembly because they are well-fed , clothed , entertained and content . 
  most people do n't want to be able to own fire arms because duh , what are they , criminals ? 
  most people do n't care about gay rights because it 's something out of movies . 
  you see ? 
  apathy . 
  apathy fostered by the turbulent 90-ies . 
  90-ies during which `` democracy '' and `` liberal '' became curse words here . 
  and then some guy comes to power and brings stability . 
  no more soldiers panhandling on the streets . 
  no more red-jacket wearing new russians doing mafia shoot-outs at nights . 
  guess why people like this new found stability more than some fairy-tale bullshit that did n't work out for them . 
  guess why the iron hand scored more than rambling alcoholic who let us bark but took away our food . 
  that 's why they are happy with how things are and all they want is more rubles and not rights , because they have just enough . 
  when i look deep inside my soul all i see there is my racked up credit card debt and mortgage and not a proposition for a revolutionary bill of rights that will somehow turn russia into large norway or a slightly angrier canada . 
  and this goes for many of us . 
  we are n't starving . 
  we are n't being forced into some stupid ideology . 
  we 're content with the status quo . 
  i , personally , do n't want to have another putsch or revolution or whatever because it sucks . 
  it sucks immensely living through a revolution . 
  i 'm all for gradual changes and growth , for evolution , for progress . 
  the people in power will die out . 
  people who were exposed to another way of thinking will take their place . 
  our constitution is okay , our laws are mostly okay , the problem is that the officials are corrupt as hell , on every level , and the rule of law is n't observed . 
  the legal framework was always there , what we traditionally lack is good management . 
  maybe we should be a little less cynical , as a society . 
  but this is something that does n't grow overnight . 
  yeah . 
  every time i see `` fuck russia '' , `` fuck russians '' , `` let 's nuke them fuckers '' all i want to say is `` fuck you too , random internet person '' , but then i remember that y' all guys are upset with our government 's policies and not me personally . 
  i kinda am , but mostly for my income and my overall quality of life . 
  is there a link to the poll ? 
  it 's also being somewhat fueled by the sensation of being ostracized on the global arena , being excluded , unwanted , uninvited . 
  surely it 's a two-way road and a subject for pondering . 
  this is true to some extent since the country lost its ideology and nothing really filled in the vacuum in people 's hearts and minds . 
  it 's an identity crisis of sorts . 
  we 'll have problems , you 'll have mild annoyances . 
  one man 's coward is other man 's trading partner . 
  well that 's what belarus ( belorussia = belaya rus ' = white russia ) means . 
  borjomi has that weird taste . 
  i 'll stick to perrier like my fabulous lithuanian friend here . 
  i am actually amused by their butt-hurt . 
  their anger gives me sustenance . 
  `` berkut '' is the ukrainian special police force , akin to the russian `` omon '' . 
  the word `` berkut '' itself describes a bird of prey , a golden eagle . 
  i 'd say a hawk , but google translate tells me otherwise . 
  and then the usa sends a strongly-worded letter of disapproval . 
  russia feels sorry for its actions and goes into the corner , thinking about how badly it behaved . 
  yes !, 
  a thousand times yes . 
  screw paying import taxes . 
  also non-cyrillic using guys ca n't spell \u0449\u0438 ( `` szchee , shi , shee , schi '' ) . 
  it 's adorable . 
  like looking at a baby horse trying to stand on its feet for the first time . 
  like , the whole population of cis countries , judging by the amount of both legal and illegal immigrants . 
  i wish no one would want to live here , there 'd be no traffic jams and i 'd be able to find a seat in the metro during rush hours . 
  there 's no cold weather , only inability to dress properly . 
  it kinda is . 
  some posters do not refrain from using blatantly russophobic rhetoric . 
  most discussions devolve into circle-jerks . 
  goddamit hollywood , get it together , we 're , like , treating all the movies that are being released as documentaries and instruction manuals . 
  especially `` independence day '' . 
  if aliens invade , destroy their fleet using jeff goldblum . 
  it 's a contributing factor for sure . 
  i 'm just being somewhat sarcastic . 
  it 's kinda expected now , you 're right . 
  everybody here understands the basics of real estate dynamics and how it correlates with your income , especially if you 're in a field that is n't desired by the market . 
  thanks for info on the `` boomerang generation '' . 
  as a muscovite , i never was sent away to receive my higher education since most of the universities are concentrated right here . 
  i 'm kinda fond of the way how you guys do it across the pond with student campuses and such - i bet it 's a great time in life when you can spend your academic years with your peers . 
  well at least it 's fun according to the movies . 
  i ca n't even think of having more than two children , even with the whole maternity capital thing . 
  if they would pay off like at least 50 % of my debt i 'd go make someone pregnant like in 20 minutes . 
  but for now , the very thought of living with kids in a cramped little man-cave makes me shiver . 
  absolutely . 
  also i 'd like to see more comments regarding whether it 's a cultural norm or more of a thing brought by the shifts in the economy . 
  i heard our american friends are experiencing a bit of a culture shock due to the shaky employment market and sky-high rent that do not enable them to move out from their parents ' houses . 
  also probably student debt factors in , i kinda get upset when i hear stories about people racking up 40,000 + usd in college education debt .
