  what is a life of a nation 's leader ? 
  a footnote in history . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  and i 've seen solzhenitzyn with my own eyes walking around serebryaniy bor and i 've been to a theatrical play that portrays horrible nkvd brutes and the strength of spirit of jewish political prisoners . 
  also i 've seen `` the avengers '' . 
  you do n't wan na know what 's in my blood , pumpkin . 
  for i bleed rocket fuel mixed with the icy waters of the river volga , my spine is made of rocks of the ancient ural mountains and i hear voices of my forefathers ' pagan gods in my head !, 
  my sense of humor ca n't be tamed by the boxy logic of germanic languages , i guess . 
  although my french teacher wanted to hang me for butchering the language that alexander duma and voltaire used to create their masterpieces . 
  i say it like , `` zhe voodrae vus prezente man amee '' . 
  anyhow , let 's rule supreme , you glorious cowboy !, 
  let us ride bears and bulls !, 
  let us shoot guns and drink canned beer !, 
  yay . 
  i 'm reading stephen king 's book about a guy who travelled back in time to stop kennedy 's assassination . 
  man , stephen king got all the russian phrases that harvey lee oswald says to marina wrong . 
  russian 's are n't the only slavs , you know . 
  well , there 's that subculture ( and a social strata ) known as `` gopniks '' , which is akin to the british `` chavs '' . 
  working class youths with shit in their heads . 
  i have n't seen any in 10 years i think , but what do i know - i 'm a muscovite . 
  hey , after visiting that sub i 'm thinking about getting a tracksuit and squatting . 
  seems like a fashionable thing to do . 
  shut up and hug me , you burly man . 
  or else i break your leg . 
  i have nike pants and shoes for running , i dunno what are you getting at , 
  let 's hug then . 
  okay . 
  1 ) http://www.panarmenian.net/eng/details/92986/ 2 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgia_within_the_russian_empire also ww2 , like , liberating people in the concentration camps , ending the ottoman rule in the balkans , etc. 
  i really do n't care to elaborate , i was going for an emotionally appealing argument , hence that is why i refrained from posting a long list of dates and places with links to the sources . 
  also i forgot that moscow was n't the capital during napoleon 's invasion , silly me . 
  because if you 'd be in the hall of shame , your cup of shame ( sorry , bowl ) will take up , like , the whole hall . 
  frankly speaking , i love the american tourist . 
  because you 're our overseas twin . 
  no table manners , just like us . 
  a frontier culture , just like us . 
  huge egos thanks to being a superpower ( ex-superpower ) , chauvinism towards smaller nations . 
  we should be best buds . 
  in fact , we should be one country . 
  the great federation of american and russian states . 
  the gfars . 
  so many space rockets . 
  so many nukes . 
  so many boom sticks . 
  the biggest stretch of land and sea of the global north . 
  and the north , my friend , remembers . 
  after that we 'd have to find some outer space aliens to crush . 
  or maybe invade iceland , just for shits and giggles . 
  look at europe , it 's the size of a walmart or a mall near the place i live . 
  district of moscow where i live has the population of iceland . 
  i drive to my dacha a distance that covers , like , belgium , and it 's a real country . 
  hahaha , look at them , with their little chocolate bars and wine bottles and funny accents . 
  so , let us rule supreme in the hall of shame . 
  and i guess you 've got [ a lot of trained cats ] ( http://www.kuklachev.ru/ ) . 
  and five more shots of vodka with honey and pepper for this gentleman !, 
  it 's medicinal . 
  will heal your wounds and add vigor to your loins . 
  yes . 
  people online only make noise . 
  the day when it will suit the elites , we 'll be best buds again with those who are ready to poke our eyes out right now . 
  people in high towers of iron and glass make decisions , and they rarely have time to screw around on message boards . 
  let us see how the isis thing will play out . 
  will they become the universal boogeyman to glue europe together or will it drive us apart ? 
  a common enemy for both east and west . 
  a threat , that sends its agents in our midst , since most countries have sizable minorities that can be radicalized . 
  let 's be buddies then . 
  it 's yin and yan in action . 
  arguing online is like participating in the special olympics - you might win , but you 'd still be a retard . 
  in the internet , i 'm a subhuman to the enlightened westerner , an ork , a caricature of a man . 
  i 'm the thick-accented goon , i 'm the no-good hacker who dies in the bond movie , i 'm the tacky oligarch buying up expensive things using money i stole from my own people , i 'm the war-crazed soldier , raping and maiming those who invaded my country , all that jazz . 
  cold war era propaganda , modern propaganda , hollywood movies , video games . 
  ooh , being an ethnic russian makes your hide grow thick . 
  we 're the invaders , we 're the brutes , we 're the commies , we 're the mongolo-finns , not worthy of being slavic anymore . 
  we 're not european , we 're something else , all that jazz . 
  jeez , you do n't wan na go to russian/ukrainian comment sections on youtube . 
  it 's pure vitriol from both sides , people too young to drive and vote arguing about silly things , using words that can kill someone inside . 
  offline people are much more amicable , and there are reasons for that : i brought money to buy goods and services from you , and my money is as good as anyone else 's , so my accent suddenly is n't mocked . 
  or maybe my well-adjusted personality shines through . 
  xenophobia is understandable . 
  we are different on many levels . 
  younger people are more prone to sweeping generalizations . 
  people who know russia from the inside are less ignorant than a person who was never immersed in our ways of thinking and living . 
  suddenly , we 're people to them . 
  suddenly , we 're friends , working together on large projects . 
  also there are historical reasons for disliking each other , but hey , i 'm not bringing up who did what to us and when , because that 'd be a long list , haha . 
  six shots of vodka to this gentleman !, 
  and six for me !, 
  let the drunk games begin . 
  also the dream of launching a man into outer space that came true , the liberation of the serfs , a desire for a just and fair system for everyone in the world ( that did n't work out so well , but brought worker benefits in the capitalist countries for they feared that the world might turn red ) . 
  a history of embracing smaller peoples who were being slaughtered in great masses , a history of winning against all odds . 
  a history of love and hate with the west and the east , a history of finding and losing national identities , of reinventing ourselves and surviving , no matter what . 
  a history of cultural and scientific achievement . 
  a testament to the human spirit that no matter what , even when your capital lies in ruins and the night is long and cold , there is hope . 
  that is true . 
  i try to find forgiveness for them in my heart , since they 're simple-minded brutes who stole riches during the unfair privatization process when the union collapsed . 
  what kind of people in that time rose to the top ? 
  the most back-stabbing , the most greedy . 
  children of another time . 
  for the most part . 
  brutes . 
  poor education , no culture , apart from `` might makes right '' .
