  all districts are pretty much the same in terms of core infrastructure . 
  i was referring to infamous places like malmo ( sweden ) and parts of london and paris , where immigrants live in compact clusters due to how housing projects were developed and other factors . 
  the [ sharia-law zones ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcsg-u2gtze ) and whatnot . 
  moscow guest workers and immigrants ( 2-3 million people ) tend to spread out evenly throughout the `` sleeping districts '' ( rows and rows of grey communist era apartment buildings that stretch as far as eye can see,10-24 stories high tombstones carved against the ever-grey skies , affordable housing right next the enormous circular road that marks the city border , you get the picture ) so you ca n't say there 's a district like little bishkek or whatever where you can get in trouble simply for being part of the indigenous population . 
  it 's all thanks to socialist city planning . 
  i think i 've read an article sometime ago which details why it 's hard to create compact western-style ghettos in moscow . 
  i do n't know for sure and frankly i do n't care two bits for another silly attempt to make a national hero/bargaining chip of someone of very low significance or actual merit ( there just are n't many other options ) . 
  so i 'm just calling names and throwing cheap , disingenuous insults in the spirit of this subreddit . 
  we 're all friends here . 
  do you have a rug that really ties the room together , comrade ? 
  wooden floors are the tits , man . 
  it 's all for the avatar project that the secret global government performs . 
  they 're gon na gene-screen everyone , dude . 
  well , yeah , but not in the `` raving lunatic who scribbles satanic messages about fourth dimension using own feces '' way , more like `` somewhat premediated psycho-maniac '' way . 
  that 's what i meant by `` coherent '' . 
  i 'm sure there 's a more fitting term somewhere , but it evades me . 
  it was n't on `` perviy '' yet though , i 've checked the 6 pm issue . 
  waiting for the 9 pm news story . 
  we 're right here ^ breathes ^ heavily, 
  because it 's west to the ural mountains and north to the caucasus mountains , which separate the continent of europe from asia , duh . 
  have you ever seen a geographical atlas in your life ? 
  man , i 'm so envious right now . 
  yeah . 
  i forgot the last time i saw an openly far-right youth in strogino , shyukino , oct. 
  pole and other districts . 
  i think that the press will try to shut it down , spin it as a `` crazy woman '' story . 
  we 'll see if the mob gathers in the evening , i 'll drive into that general direction in the evening - we 'll see if the streets are closed . 
  i wonder if the pogroms will happen this time ( like in 2013 , biryulevo ) . 
  she is clearly deranged , yet was coherent enough to plan for the whole thing . 
  she cuts off the child 's head , dresses in the traditional clothes , sets the flat on fire , goes out to the nearest metro station . 
  she was a nanny in apparently a well-to-do household ( two children , good neighborhood in the north-western district of moscow ) , which is a good job for a migrant worker - usually they clean the streets or sell street food . 
  i 'm no mental health expert , but i 'm pretty sure that she spent a lot of her time online and probably got indoctrinated while consuming content on islamic websites and social network communities - she shouted `` i want you all to die , you were killing us , i have a bomb , the end of the world is coming right now , allah akbar '' . 
  when a friend shared a link to a news source this morning , i could n't believe it . 
  i still ca n't , it 's surreal to me . 
  it 's 10 minutes away from the place i live . 
  i go to the movies to a multiplex near that metro station sometimes . 
  yeah , but i 'm not whining . 
  whining accomplishes nothing . 
  especially when you do it for the whole world to see . 
  i was n't whining when i was an unpaid intern . 
  i was n't whining when i made a shitty salary and worked for 10 hours every day and every second saturday because of the `` busy season '' . 
  i do n't whine about things i can not possibly control , like macroeconomic situation , place of birth and so on . 
  life is n't fair , you 're supposed to adapt , to overcome , even if you were given a good starting position . 
  perhaps you are depressed and that is why you see everything the way you see . 
  i suggest a regimen of working out and consulting with a psychiatrist . 
  modern antidepressants do wonders . 
  i was n't trying to insult you . 
  well i did , but more in a joking manner . 
  i was trying to motivate you . 
  find some inner strength . 
  so why do you bitch here , on a public forum populated by people who will not offer you any compassion or advice except for fleeing this horrible , oh so horrible place ? 
  my personal experience with this country is quite different . 
  let me tell you how my day goes . 
  i wake up at 10am or 11am if i feel like sleeping in , because i 'm my own boss and i also have a source of fixed income . 
  after that i make myself a big fat breakfast and think about the days of my youth when i used to play tennis 5 days a week and looked like apollo . 
  after that i play some video games and then do my work . 
  i do short breaks to read the news ( from multiple sources ) . 
  then , depending on the day of the week , i hang out with my beautiful girlfriend or my awesome friends . 
  i 'll be done with paying my mortgage loan before i 'm 30 . 
  the reason for that is i studied the real estate market and good offers from banks . 
  you know , as a grown up person is supposed to do . 
  surely the rate i pay differs from western rates , but hey , they get shitty rates on deposits and their markets are already saturated with offers from various businesses . 
  unlike ours . 
  our market is a very much an uncharted territory . 
  at this moment , you have unique opportunities given to you both by the weak national currency and counter-sanctions imposed by our own government . 
  previously i held a job both in a large western corporation ( one of the big 4 companies ) and in a russian state-owned company . 
  this country offers you a plethora of opportunities , starting from free education and professional military service . 
  the business opportunities are numerous . 
  i have an advice to you , anonymous compatriot . 
  about that whiny voice in your head that wo n't shut up about all the negative stuff . 
  imagine it to be a treasonous rat in your glorious squad of soldiers ( that somehow got stuck in your head and carry out various duties , like bladder control and sexual impulses , this allegory has gone too far ) . 
  you know what we do with treasonous rats ? 
  we put them against a wall and shoot them . 
  so do that . 
  squeeze out the weakness out of you . 
  squeeze out the slave . 
  carry your burdens with ease , for they are no burdens at all . 
  pound every day into submission with your bare fists . 
  be a radiant beast of a man . 
  dibs on lawful evil and all the cool catchphrases . 
  you 've got a dirty mouth , young man . 
  me too , but sarah palin can see it from her window . 
  when i 'm drunk the only thing that is upsetting is my sense of tact . 
  man , those are some sleek and sexy subway stations . 
  are there radiation warning signs on the second picture ? 
  his username implies a girl . 
  or maybe a dude named dasha . 
  which is a girly name . 
  no u, 
  all the `` color revolutions '' seem oddly the same though . 
  define `` functional '' . 
  kosovo is not a real county . 
  you missed that we all should just roll over and die . 
  without fleur of hysteria in the media and with a modicum of respect from the outsiders , for starters . 
  oh yes , figuratively wiping your boots all over our faces is a `` very fair '' treatment . 
  we call them botox faces . 
  hahaha . 
  it 's like he 's a super villain . 
  he shits in your pants when you do n't look , he steals your potatoes and drives down your k/d ratio in online games . 
  dude , get off the paranoid pills .
