found the guy who 's never gotten his girlfriend pregnant, 
  also no broomsticks so that rules out the germans . 
  look at it proportionally . 
  huge america got huge amounts of immigrants . 
  tiny ireland did not , does not , and will not . 
  you forgot to mention the people coming from eastern europe too . 
  there was ` mass panic ' about floods of slavs arriving ( some well educated , some not - same as refugees ) during the last eu-expansion , and now we all get along fine . 
   in von prondzynski 's speech he also argued that if ireland attempts to stop migrants coming to the country it will seriously damage the economy and will see ireland return to the economic periphery of europe that would suit you , would it ? 
  you 'd be on the dole , but at least there would n't be any syrians on the dole with ya . 
  it boggles my mind that irish people can say things like that without a trace of irony . 
  not to mention the fact that they said the same thing about 1 ) africans , 2 ) asians , and 3 ) poles/balts when they starting coming to ireland . 
  and the country did not go to shit . 
  thankfully , i 've never actually heard anyone voice an opinion like this guy 's outside social media . 
  educate yourself . 
  sounds ominous . 
  well why would n't they ? 
  if floods of eastern europeans were willing to do the same when they joined the eu , why should somebody fleeing from a civil war feel otherwise ? 
  unless , of course , they are treated justly like criminals - which the majority of scientific research tells us will make them more likely to become criminals in the first place . 
  how many of them are children ? 
  hre noobs, 
  in fairness i think most of us have/had racist grandparents . 
  oh my god almighty , what is wrong with you ? 
  enoch powell , is that you ? 
  apart from gravely insulting my ability to behave well on public transport , that 's a pretty cool mix . 
  i 'll take that . 
  there 's always gon na be a few guys who take exception to it , but i 'm living in london now and i 'm always struck by the similarity . 
  stupid , alcoholic , backwards country bumpkins who are supposed to be very untrustworthy . 
  also : friendly , witty , and good at storytelling . 
  if my only source of information about irish people was the australian news , i 'd agree . 
  otherwise , i 'd say the irish are almost exactly the same as the british . 
  yes , the situation is ` very comparable ' , which is the opposite of what the above poster was saying . 
  do you have any idea what life was like for irish catholics back then ? 
  was 35 here today chap , no dice . 
  is delfi the same as in estonia ? 
  they were involved in a big freedom of speech legal case recently were n't they ? 
  play the video again . 
  now nothing will sound good ever again . 
  haha !, 
  is n't oversimplification stupid ? 
  now please - tell me more about how islam is shit , christians can integrate very well , and there is no place for christians in the middle east . 
   sunnis and shiites embrace the very shit ideologies that created the shit state of the middle east . 
  i never knew messrs sykes and picot were muslims , wow . 
  til . 
  wudge !, 
  yeah , well i saw him eating an elderly lady 's disabled son in the back of a fiat . 
  with a knife and fork . 
  and nick clegg was sitting beside him with a monogrammed velvet hanky to wipe the blood off his face . 
  yeah , them 's the breaks . 
  it just was n't particularly funny unfortunately . 
  `` filling the blackness of the void with the black stuff '' . 
  bit ominous for me but you might have something, 
  i do n't see how increasing the air corps ' arsenal is linked to a research satellite in any way . 
  especially since ireland is neutral . 
  hmmm , the russkies are paying for it . 
  good on 'em . 
  2006 , back when we were rich and everybody had 2 cars and a holiday home in west cork . 
  i like your curmudgeonly attitude towards the colonies . 
  more of that , old bean . 
  no , it 's from the us . 
  that place which is n't europe , as you so helpfully point out . 
  are you triggered ? 
  you triggered ? 
   the turkish backed syrian rebels in aleppo . 
  zigeuner in german if i remember correctly too, 
  no need to be cromulent . 
  ryanair is irish-founded , is it not ? 
   oh , i assumed it was another event , because that was n't ireland doing the screwing up i find it a little strange that you ask for a history lesson and then proceed to give a history `` lesson '' yourself . 
  nah , when google maps starts showing basements , that 's when the austrians will start to worry . 
  some may scoff , but there was a period not too long ago in italy when the trains did , indeed , run on time . 
  hopefully they can transfer that knowledge well . 
  hook , line , and sinker, 
  close to 0 is high enough to actually happen too ... 
   the guy above is an idiot , and really that 's all that needs to be said about it . 
  practice what you preach , then . 
  edit : i only suggested you change the tldr because there 's a typo in it , which makes you silly . 
  you really should change that tl ; dr. 
  the greeks must be delighted . 
  finally they have an undisputed claim to the name of macedonia . 
  home nations only < 3, 
  that 's limerick citaaaay !, 
  the two cities are startlingly similar in many ways actually . 
  that 's in northern ireland . 
  excellent . 
  and the similarity between southern ireland and southern korea is ... 
  russian organised crime is the best in my view . 
  it 's a joke though . 
  it was great at the time . 
  two things stick out in my memory : 1 . 
  everyone above a certain income seemed to be absolutely hell-bent on `` taking their first steps on the property ladder '' in some form . 
  if not in ireland , then in the then-new eu states . 
  not many of these were lucky/smart enough to come out of the crisis well . 
  i had a teacher in early 2008 tell us that the economy was about to fucking explode , and everyone chuckled at her . 
  this was a well-regarded private school , so obviously daddy knew better than some peasant woman . 
  you can see how that turned out . 
  ninja edit : oh , and on a personal level , my moral compass is ruined and my life revolves around the pursuit of money . 
  it 's a price worth paying to get a cheaper meal deal at wh smith . 
  and winky faces !, 
  fyi , ` hybrid war ' is absolutely nothing new , just a buzzword . 
  [ source from march 2016 , chatham house ] ( https://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/files/chathamhouse/publications/research/2016-03-21-russias-new-tools-giles.pdf ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles reddiculous comment .
