true , true . 
  you do speak the truth in many regards . 
  does n't mean i like it , though . 
  the fact that so many people would be willing to cut a hole in their wallet over immigration just surprises me . 
  even ... disappointed . 
  i do n't know . 
  most of us do n't know . 
  but like someone said on here before ; if you have a medical issue , you go to a doctor , so when most economist 's say this is bad for the uk , i 'd be inclined to listen to them . 
  i 'm even bitter towards the older generation ; they see over a bountiful economic boon from being in the eu , then they 'd undoubtedly vote leave and `` feel british '' again , and leave the younger generation to deal with the economic fallout ... again . 
  ( sorry for the more personal touch of this response , but really , i ca n't possibly say anything with conviction , or even somewhat informed , as i 'm very aware of how much i do not know ) . 
  i ca n't deny that the immigration issue is the driving force behind the vote leave campaign , but it is undeniable that the uk 's main trading partner is the eu , and that we 'd be forced to dance to whatever tune the eu plays for us . 
  i just ca n't envisage a possibility that the uk will avoid the immigration issue . 
  maybe i 'm being too pessimistic , or even just uninformed ( i do n't pretend to be omniscient ) . 
  i doubt it . 
  if the uk wishes to remain within the single market , which we do , then we 'd need to accept the free movement of workers at least . 
  no other country has managed to negotiate out of that term , so i do n't see the uk managing it either . 
  i daresay that the term `` a month 's pay '' is based off the average salary , which would mean those who earn less would be hit hardest ... as always . 
  some people would disagree with that assessment . 
  some people need their month 's pay on the dot every month . 
  granted . 
  but , one must go further and point out that once they 've arrived in greece , that should be the end of the line . 
  greece is safe , providing accommodation and , as far as i know , is recognising their refugee status . 
  so , given that , moving further into europe is economic migration . 
  you ca n't deny that . 
  have you read it ? 
  so i see that you decided to ignore my post and instead favoured vitriolic rhetoric . 
  what are you on about ? 
  pull your head out of your arse and actually try to make meaningful points . 
  yes ... 
  i do realise that there 's always a certain pattern to people 's criticisms of the us or the uk . 
  they can certainly give it , but they sure as hell ca n't take it . 
  okay , i read that , and i do understand where you are coming from . 
  heck , i 've even been to turkey multiple times myself . 
  but , it is certainly indicative of an underlying problem - that you can not deny . 
  no-one else booed during other moments of silence , but they did there . 
  when your football supporters boo during a minute 's silence , i do n't exactly see why we would want to beckon you in the eu . 
  it 'll never be reformed . 
  when the two largest parties both lobby against it , you know it 's broken . 
  which is a pity , as you are playing right into the conservative 's hands . 
  their entire political campaign is based on the past `` failures '' of labour , even though everyone knows that labour did n't actually do too much wrong . 
  yes , tony is a twat , but so is cameron . 
  and it 's not like cameron would n't go to war if he could - did you remember the speech he made when the vote whether to take action in syria failed ? 
  he was petulant and itching for a fight . 
  selling our gold for a historically low price was n't very good , true , but it 's not like that single-handedly caused economic woes . 
  mass immigration is just a result of being in the eu - no matter what cameron has said , the situation has n't changed in the slightest . 
  i do n't get what you mean by the last point . 
  who did you vote for , anyway ? 
  true , but one can only hope that in another five years , a lot more of the older demographic have died and the younger generation are more left-leaning than the ones they replaced . 
  a cruel view , i admit , but i seriously think that the only way our country can go forward is this current generation of pensioners die . 
  the generation before them had the two world wars to suffer through , so that generation knew the importance of building for the future , whereas this generation have had no real form of wide suffering , so they 've been filling their own pockets . 
  if i 'm wrong , then i 'd gladly be informed otherwise . 
  with some luck , the tories will be out next election . 
  we can only hope that the damage that they cause is reparable . 
  i fear not , unfortunately . 
  just a heads-up , the term is willy-nilly . 
  he 's not liked , but i would never say he 's as hated as gove or hunt . 
  i think that the uk is looking into creating special sections within prisons that isolate prisoners like choudary from the rest of the inmate populace . 
  it seems to be a way around excessive isolation . 
  these are juxtaposed borders . 
  we control the border i.e. 
  who goes in and out and the french control security . 
  if you do n't want let anyone into your house , you do n't invite them over the threshold and then kick them out of the house - you just do n't let them in at all . 
  just because the immigrants managed to reach calais does n't mean that the uk have to be as lax in their border control as other countries . 
  it 's not surprising that the french truckers are looking at everything other than themselves when it comes to who to blame . 
  it 's the exact same thing as with the strikes regarding employment months ago . 
  the sea does a great job on its own , thanks . 
  it makes sense - the ones with the most contact with the western tourists are bound to be more secular and liberal than others . 
  no need to feel mean about it . 
  they 're currently fucking up , and the greeks need the money a lot more than the turks . 
  hey , some people might prefer to touch a girl 's breasts . 
  pretty much . 
  turkey has no need to stride to the west - they can suppress and indoctrinate their own people , and look to the east to satisfy their blood-lust . 
  i doubt nato would mobilise unless europe is infringed . 
  just wait a couple of years , and most of the older people who voted to leave would have died , ensuring that remain would win . 
  you 're truly deluded if you think that there would be another war in europe without the eu . 
  are you not communicating with multiple europeans on this site at this very moment ? 
  the economic linking of european economies certainly stopped the wars , but it 's the social links that will stop it in the future . 
  it was a contributing factor to peace , but i doubt it now . 
  times have changed since the 1940s - the internet being a good example . 
  europeans are more connected to each other now than at any other point in history . 
  i just do n't see where the war would even start - you 're forgetting that nato still exists . 
   be consistent  even worse that 's not consistent . 
  you 're talking shit , mate . 
  wow . 
  firstly , you do n't even bother getting into specifics , because you know that the leave campaign has been very sketchy with the stats as a whole . 
  then , when it 's pointed out that the facts are sourced , they 're fallacies . 
  listen , if you want to vote leave due to ideological reasons , go ahead and vote to leave . 
  but you have not given any examples of where the remain campaign has used a logical fallacy in their arguments , or even making a bad argument . 
  are you saying that seriously or tongue in cheek ? 
  the problem is that the apologies are never full and never sincere , and they never admit to any of the atrocities that they have committed . 
  plus politicians have visited , and paid respect to , the graves of known war-criminals . 
  besides apologies , they do not educate their students nearly enough on world war ii . 
  they perhaps have a paragraph or two on nanjing , but that 's it . 
  definitely . 
  the troops get very bored staying in the barracks for weeks or months at a time . 
  my brother hated that part about being in the military . 
  i daresay it 's much more of a problem in estonia than it is in many other countries . 
  if any city in spain has the cultural significance or romanticism that venice has attached to it , then it 's more than free to increase their prices . 
  the immigrant crisis just flies in the face of everything you 've just said . 
  all the fences being constructed around the eastern europe area really demonstrates the camaraderie of the rest of the eu countries .
