  erdogan has won . 
  there 's nothing more to do to stop him and his madness . 
  ah , did n't really understand . 
  i hope erdogan does n't meddle in , but my hopes could be worth nothing due to the craziness of that fucking theocratic dictator . 
   which could be overturned ** if chp 's appeal is accepted ** lol , do you even hope that erdogan will give two figs ? 
   italy : 40 % well , that 's bad . 
  i have the same question . 
  who won ? 
  update : here in italy , tg la7 said that erdogan won with 51 % of votes . 
  i 'm pretty sure the votes were rigged though . 
   breaking : cnn turk has just announced that the data they have is wrong . 
  based on state figures , a higher number of votes came in for no , and a lower number of ballot boxes have actually been opened . 
  we currently have no idea who is actually ahead . 
  chp has 100 % rejected the legitimacy of the figures above . 
  i will keep you updated . 
  why am i not surprised at all ? 
  it seems * veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery * difficult right now . 
  why are you asking ? 
  there 's no way there could be a twist now . 
  democracy in turkey has been murdered . 
  yes . 
  man , i 'm sweating . 
  the suspance is just too high , even more than the usa presidential elections last year . 
  turkey is doomed , it seems . 
  welcome to 1930s germany . 
  guys please , stop with these news . 
  the suspence is making me sweat . 
  why ? 
  i 'm 14 , so i have all the time lol . 
  the race is narrow now . 
  everything is possible and any vote could be fatal . 
  i ca n't find no fucking recent news . 
  how is going with the ballots ? 
  yes is losing points , though . 
  everything is possible now . 
  then put bst . 
   16:27 gmt nope , it 's 15:27 gmt . 
  paris could be a good choice , though . 
  i plan moving there for studies after finishing highschool . 
   i thought there was a media blackout until 9 local time ? 
  we can still do it , it seems . 
  is this newspaper predicting the future ? 
   update 2 : yes = 61.3 % ; no = 38.7 % ; ballots counted at 32 % [ photo ] well , that 's kinda a hope ... 
  when you control the media , you control people 's minds . 
  erdogan will be in power until 2034 . 
  turkish democracy . 
   that 's erdo\u011fan the fuhrer to you , good sir . 
  ftfy, 
  hope is not to be completely lost , though . 
  many thought that on the italian constitutional referendum * s\u00ec ( yes ) * could win , but we saw what happened then . 
  here in italy it 'll be 8pm when they 'll announce the official results , i believe . 
  holy crap . 
  my hopes are sinking . 
  good luck . 
  fun fact : many christian fundamentalists think that the eu is part of the nwo and run by the * eeeeeeevil * jewish bankers . 
  so for them , god might have voted leave for real lol . 
  i did n't even know that something like that was possible . 
  did you use internet explorer to write this message ? 
  inb4 putin wo n't give a fuck about it and will continue shitting on human rights as usual . 
  thanks you for explaning me . 
  stupid italian newspapers . 
   goldman sachs wait a minute ? 
  you 're really believing a bank controlled by nwo-masonic-illuminati jews ? 
  wake up , sheeple !, 
  if yes wins , i 'm pretty sure that in turkey it 'll be germany of the 1930s all over again . 
  well , they could make up their mind . 
  their continously mutating minds are becoming literally unnerving . 
  oh come on , brits . 
  why do you keep changing idea every fucking second ? 
  [ removed ], 
  once a week , but i wash my hands and face every day before going to school . 
  well , she 's fap-worthful . 
   anyway you 're worrying too much : finish school first , go to the university somewhere else if you can afford it , and then worry about expatriating . 
  yeah , but i want to get out from here . 
  every news i read , i see sicily is slowly dying . 
  i honestly love this island , but unfortunately it 's beautiful if you do n't live in it . 
  fun fact : at least 99 % of the people that said they were living well in italy on r/italy were from the north . 
  nobody from the south was satistified . 
  expat means `` expatried '' . 
  where do you live ? 
  if i remember well , you 're an expat . 
  why everyone wants to move in the mediterranen area despite young unemployment being pretty high ( es . 
  40 % in italy ... and 60 % in sicily -_- ), 
  just do n't even try to move to southern italy . 
  you 've been warned . 
  southern italy is a big giant detroit , and has been since forever . 
  how is the job market ? 
   the presence of the mafia there is still strong as it was once ? 
  well , the homicide rate has sharply fallen from the 1970s-1980s , but the pizzo seems still very common under here . 
  here 's a [ map . 
  ] ( http://www.televideo.rai.it/contents/immagini/2008/11/pizzomappa400.jpg ) also our youth unemployment is worse than greece . 
  and even if it was n't , i prefer living anywhere than in a place with crumbling infrastructes , corruption and totally absent civilization . 
  the center-north is better . 
  how are things going there ? 
   poland would be a much better place without the poles same for us , m8 . 
   you have free movement in your own country and also 27 other countries so why do you remain in sicily ? 
  i 'm 14 , unfortunately . 
  be unemployed and emigrate / s, 
  i quite trust them but i always search for multiple sources . 
  i 'd choose the first one , but due to m5s 's rising consent ...
