  stop . 
  let 's not start some stupid flame war . 
  [ absolutely nothing ] ( http://www.ilrottamatore.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/riforme-berlusconi-assolto-lindro.jpg ), 
  i heard your economy is in difficulty but you can still find jobs . 
  it surprises me that french leave the country , i thought they had a very high standard of living . 
  well , as a whole , i think not . 
  if we talk about south italy , though ... ( i say that as a southerner ) . 
  i have been to pavia several times between 2005 and 2008 when i was very little ( age 3-6 ) . 
  other than that , nothing more . 
   the only thing i do n't like is czechs who move out and then proceed to shit on the country at every given opportunity . 
  hey , we do that in italy too . 
  many italians abroad think they are more intelligent than the italians who stay in italy . 
   what `` kind '' of people seem to leave your country ? 
  educated , non-educated , fat , thin , whatever comes to your mind  mostly graduates . 
   why do they seem to emigrate ? 
  work , education or . . ? 
  they go to study abroad or get a job in another european country because our economy is awful at the moment . 
   do they come back eventually or do they leave , not looking back ? 
  i 'd say at least 75-80 % of them never comes back , because they think italy is crumbling into pieces or because they would really want to but they ca n't cuz bad salaries and rampant young unemployment . 
   what does the society think about them ? 
  most people support them because italy is considered a third-world country . 
   what do you personally think about them ? 
  everyone has the possibility to do their own choice . 
  i personally only want to leave sicily , going abroad could be a possibility but i 'm not sure . 
  i want to study in france though . 
  that 's quite low . 
  most of post-communist countries . 
  nope , not concerned at all . 
  the 2008 crisis . 
  i was little though so i did n't really suffer for it . 
  yes , there are too much young precaires right now . 
  well , the younger generations know more and more english . 
  i honestly would n't ban dubbing and translations , i just would let everyone choose whatever he prefers . 
  sicilian here - 27 \u00b0 c. not cold at all . 
  honestly , do n't hurt me but when i watch anime i mostly watch dubbed versions because japanese voices make me cringe so hard . 
  especially female ones . 
  but yeah , subtitled t.v. 
  is helpful for learning english . 
  unfortunately , our english proficiency is low so we have to dub . 
  the problem is not the voice actors ( most of the time they are excellent ) , but the translations . 
  japanese cartoons aired on mediaset during the 80s and 90s have been botched as hell . 
  yeah , luckily despite us having tons and tons of ( now useless ) local and regional channels , everything is aired in standard italian . 
  spongebob dubbed in sicilian or neapulitan would make me fucking cringe . 
   my concern is the overall impact on society what do you mean exactly ? 
  ot : it 's because of the climate that summer vacations are so long in southern europe , amirite ? 
  you 're catholic ? 
  anyway , i respect your opinion but talking about gay affections , i know it can be disturbing to see two men making out but the same could be told about one women and one men making out . 
  why , exactly ? 
  complete equality , marriage and civil partnerships . 
  * figo * = cool . 
  it does n't have another meaning , if i remember well . 
  so fucking much . 
  well , the constitution is changeable in some parts , althought i do n't remember which ones . 
  we have 13 . 
  because the populace . 
  nope . 
  no grilloleaks , unfortunately . 
  ok i did n't know that . 
   some of these are within the other holidays ( e.g. 
  at easter we get good friday and the following monday as a national holiday , but a lot of schools have a holiday for 1 or 2 weeks around this time anyway ) . 
  it happens sometimes too . 
  this year we had 25th april ( a national holiday because it was the day they liberated us from mussolini ) as a tuesday , and so we had holidays the whole time from 22nd to 25th april . 
   how are they doing at the moment ? 
  too much well for me . 
   are they as far right as le pen and geert wilders parties ? 
  not exactly , they 're not known for racism but for populism mostly . 
   and do they have pro-russia views ? 
  yes . 
  there were even found ties between the russian government and the party . 
  from 1st july from 1st september , i believe . 
  god , it it was in italy too i would n't surely endure this ... here in sicily it 's fucking hard to resist school in may , imagine in ** july ** !, 
   do you mean school ones ? 
  yes  however , we also have several `` half term '' holidays for 1 or 2 weeks . 
  these are at christmas , february/march , easter , may/june and october ( but they can vary depending on the area or type of school ) . 
  same here . 
  we have christmas vacations ( 2 weeks ) , easter ones ( 1 week ) and also many festive days like 1st of may or sundays . 
  also , here in sicily , there is a holiday on 15th of may because on that day the sicilian religion was born . 
  it 's pretty new , as it was created 7 years ago by then-regional president raffaele lombardo ( which was prosecuted for mafia ties ... good job , sicily . ), 
  if movimento 5 stelle ( m5s ) wins general elections next year , it 'll be us . 
  3 months , june to september . 
  if le pen wins : eu will collapse and implode on itself . 
  if macron wins : nothing changes and life goes on as usual . 
  yes . 
  very much . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  well , that 's documented but it was mostly nato . 
  about the red brigades , this was never confirmed . 
   like if there is a sabotage or assassination olof palme , is that you ? 
  the cia and our secret services were behind the * anni di piombo * and blamed it on the red bridages . 
  or something similar . 
  oh , and they killed aldo moro and they made drugs boom between the late 70s and early 80s as * operation bluemoon * . 
  as far as they respect my laws and they do n't live on welfare , i 'm okay . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  well , the problem for most young italians is that they are underpaid ( less than 1000 euros net/month ) or work on shitty contracts . 
  here in the south , the future is dead . 
  the crisis has killed it . 
  the north has still possibilities , though . 
  are you saying that i 'm complaining too much ? 
  well , the north has still some future , but my dear sicily ... sigh :(, 
  yup , it does n't kill anymore but it still pollutes us .
