  we wash our hands in ehm ... money . 
  rutte would personally ask obama in what ways we should torture him . 
  you 're probably confusing it with austria . 
  pfew , i 'd have to go back for quite a long time . 
  but i think i like claudius i the most . 
   unless you 're a socialist of course . 
  if you wake up early enough , you can even catch some sleep before utilizing the towel . 
  are you unicycling yet ? 
  so it 's like every etnicity then ? 
  good . 
  what 's wrong with atheism and agnosticism ? 
  haha , this reminds me of an article in a ` quality ' newspaper in the netherlands . 
  they wrote an article that minorities should n't call employers racist for discriminating against them , because those employers ca n't help that the minorities have such a bad reputation . 
  just wake up somewhat earlier and put your towel there in time . 
  ah , of course . 
  we 'd need a 2/3 majority , and another 2/3 majority four years later . 
  meanwhile , politicians are removed all the time . 
  meh , while i love a bit of autoritarianism and corruption , i think accidentally arresting protestors was a bit over the top . 
  you can have the dutch one if you 'd like . 
  i do n't really need it anymore . 
  but it 's a constitutional monarchy , which means that censorship is impossible . 
  better vote anti-eu then . 
  frustrated much ? 
  i do n't see what this is about . 
  ah , in that case you should also consider the telegraaf ( the biggest newspaper and tabloit , i would take their stories with a pinch of salt though ) , and the elseviers ( they write from an employer 's perspective ) . 
  sadly , the netherlands do n't have any quality newspapers . 
  so most of the time , you 'd better read a foreign newspaper ( go for flemish ones if you want it in dutch ) . 
  if you are interested in news specific to the netherlands , you can try trouw , nrc , or volkskrant ( in that order ) , but i 'd really avoid it if possible . 
  well , you should n't . 
  because it 's far too little anyways . 
  if the eu were to make a security fund , it should be more than just a pr move . 
  time for a republic !, 
   make it happen , my spanish friends . 
  i think the european parliament should be able to elect the bundeskanzler . 
  only then will the eu be truly democratic . 
  it sounds like an army , though . 
  in the netherlands , we have religious schools . 
  you can send your children to a catholic school if you do n't want them to know about the reformation , to a protestant school if you do n't want them to know about the contra-reformation , to a muslim school if you do n't want them to learn about the holocaust , and to a steiner school if you do n't want them to learn anything . 
  i 'm not twisting any facts . 
  also , going to college is not as cheap as $ 1.800 a year . 
  the tuition alone is already that much . 
  but you do not have the same amount of expenses . 
  you make it sound like if you could actually make a profit by living on your own . 
  but that 's nonsense . 
  in fact , you wo n't even be able to pay the rent with it , let alone the food , water , internet , etc. 
  well , they have higher costs because they are living on their own . 
  it 's not that hard to comprehend . 
   i do not get support for commuting 1.5 hours to uni besides free travel , do i ? 
  not sure if you 're kidding ... but yes , you get free travel . 
  where do you live ? 
  what do you eat ? 
  the average debt is about $ 13.000 for hbo and $ 19.000 for wo . 
  this will only increase now the finance program has been abolished . 
  it 's about $ 280 , - a month , which means the average debt will double !, 
  the so-called social-democrats that are currently in government are actually saying this is fairer , since poor people wo n't have to pay for rich people 's education ( it wo n't lead to tax reduction , so i do n't really understand this argument ) ; and since you wo n't have to pay back the loan if you 're jobless ... for 30 years . 
  the netherlands have just abolished the student financing program , so at least in the netherlands we 'll all get huge debts . 
  i suppose it is n't much better in other countries anyways . 
  it 's been turning for the worse for quite a few years right now . 
  do n't worry , in 15 years , europe will be the same . 
  well , ... 
  i hope this will turn out to be nonsense again . 
  i suppose it will . 
  otherwise it would n't make any sense to join for the elections . 
  edit : but maybe the sgp is too crazy for ecr . 
  let 's see what they 'll do . 
  it should be noted that the dutch party in the ecr is not the cu ( christenunie ) , but a coalition of the cu and the sgp ( staatkundig gereformeerde partij ) . 
  both parties joined one another for the european elections . 
  wow , you 're right . 
  do n't worry , they still have plenty of back-up governments . 
  prolly an exit poll . 
  i do n't think that was the point he was trying to make at all . 
  meh , i do n't think that 's a good name . 
  they already have the nationalist vote , so they 'd better focus on the left-wing now . 
  how about : the international socialist workers ' party . 
  this is what i do n't get : if you point to bad things the usa do , you get `` lol your own governments are helping too so do n't blame us '' , but when you say you want your government to stop licking america 's ass , it 's ` anti-americanism ' . 
  we do n't have any tanks . 
  i 'd send you some of our new airplanes , but it 'd be a waste of bribes to get rid of them already . 
  ugh , i 've been in friesland once ( mission work ) , and it was quite an eye-opening experience . 
  those people still walk on wooden shoes . 
  if you get your car back , can i get my bicycle again ? 
  i would n't go as far as calling the people from geenstijl journalists . 
  no alcohol at work , no . 
  and certainly not as early as lunch time . 
  not to mention half of these parties have a narcist leader who ca n't handle criticism . 
  either that , or the climate . 
  or a combination or something . 
  immigrants ' children in the netherlands are also larger than the people back in their parents ' country of birth . 
  meh , not so well . 
  i think some people on / r/europe are a bit politically correct . 
  they love their racism , but get mad when it is n't packages nicely . 
  the people from srs are n't the only ones who do n't like racism . 
  i know it does n't make any sense . 
  i was just hoping to get some 40 to 50 karmas for posting some racist shit . 
  you are horrible at spelling , mr5306 . 
  i understand that english is not your first language , but neither is it mine ; so that is no excuse . 
  the word ` choose ' is written with two os . 
  to answer your question , there 's nothing wrong with choosing people based on their merit . 
  by the way , why should n't the people who organise this conference about freedom invite people from various backgrounds ? 
  i could n't agree more . 
  these lefties do n't invite ` people from developing countries ' because they want to hear things from their perspective .
