  he was briefly detained for ignoring the police 's orders and a counter-demonstration was banned altogether . 
  the article does n't really say much more than that . 
  not terribly surprising to find the netherlands near the bottom when you only need to pay 18 year olds 45 % of the minimum wage . 
  why do n't they just hire more translators ? 
  why is that ? 
  turkey has only a small part in europe , and their language did n't originate there . 
  in dutch , queen is koningin ( pronounce : konigin ) , which is the female form of ` king ' as well . 
  had finnish changed at all during the past millenia ? 
  whatever makes you feel better about far right violence i guess . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  if you changed your opinion at some point in your life , you forsake your privacy for good . 
  why do you think they pretend they can look 45 years into the future ? 
  if it 's only 4.000 , then what are you complaining about ? 
  yesterday , i read an article in a dutch newspaper that mentioned that he was recognised in a line-up where he was the only north european in a group of spanish man , implying it was unreliable . 
  `` service flag of the national government '' or something like that ? 
  now that google does n't compile a list of everything you did wrong decades ago we basically live in a dystopian world where everything we do and say is logged and used against us . 
  thanks rutte . 
  i think the point is , that the northern half of belgium speaks belgian . 
  just be warned that the end is nigh again and all will be fine . 
  everybody knows god is a lawyer . 
  if you 're going to lie outright you 'd better not add a source to disprove what you say . 
  they probably got denied by his teacher . 
  god is he living in the past . 
  women are no longer the breeding factories the papist church once demanded them to be . 
  of course it is real , i read it on the internet . 
  same for the netherlands . 
  looks like they went out of their way to find some ` righteous among the nations ' in the worst places . 
  i bet they 'd be happy to side with the nazis again if given the opportunity . 
  because they 're the ones who want equal rights for all . 
  it would be a shame if the right came into power and muslim men would be banned from becoming councillor as well . 
  it 's a pity . 
  i suppose hiring more moderators was n't worth it for them . 
  i really do n't see how this could possibly be done without slashing the benefits for those who need them . 
  sure , you save a little money by cutting bureaucracy , but you still need to pay the now unemployed bureaucrats the basic income . 
  oh , so they only want to shoot new asylum seekers ? 
  all right then . 
  well done , mate . 
  this is what ultimately happens when you let rightwingers march through your streets . 
  ah , that 's true , but i do n't think he was hinting at legal action in that tweet . 
  well , i suppose you could use it metaphorically , but that does n't seem likely in this context . 
  what do you think resistance means ? 
  of course not . 
  we have seen resistance to asylum centres amready and it involves throwing stones and explosives to the police . 
  it has . 
  it is dutch for resistance and it implies violent protests . 
  oh come one now , protesting fascists is not the same as protesting for the removal of an etnic minority . 
  always the same shit with the pegida demonstrations . 
  good thing that the police was well-prepared . 
  well , the minaret ban really shows that people just ca n't be bothered to defend other people 's rights . 
  i think that 's quite a problem . 
  we recently got a new referendum law in the netherlands , which allows for non-binding referenda if enough signatures are collected , but the law is completely flawed . 
  the referendum only counts if at least 30 % of the electorate votes , so if you oppose a referendum you can either vote against with the risk that you bring it to 30 % and legitimise the outcome you do not want , or you can choose not to vote with the risk that the outcome will not be in your favour . 
  i simply ca n't comprehend that whoever made this referendum law was so incompetent as to not notice this . 
  is ` not refusing to deny ' something the same as wanting that thing ? 
  it sounds like it can go into any direction and that they have n't changed any stance so far . 
  they can stay if they want to be a regular member without opt-outs . 
  but they will probably leave before that . 
  please not . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  i think it 's great if government institutions do not judge people by their etnicity , and i believe the police should follow their example as soon as possible . 
  etnic profiling is just a eufemism for racism . 
  ah , i thought the point was that the police should publish a suspect 's etnicity . 
  must have misunderstood . 
  do india , russia , japan , and south africa not mention a suspect 's etnicity ? 
  if the police does n't tell us the etnicity of the perpetrators , then how will the media know which crimes to report on ? 
  goes to show how crazy british paranoia has become . 
  children under ten for deradicalisation . 
  outside of the / r/europe echo chamber , most people actually think spending money on helping people in need is a good thing to do . 
  note so much . 
  i think a lot of people have heard about him , but his shows have always had a very specific target audience . 
  the video posted above is quite representative , if you know what i mean . 
  living space if expensive in large cities and cheap in small towns and villages . 
  the government ca n't afford to spend more on it than strictly necessary due to politics . 
  the place where i live also houses more refugees than amsterdam . 
  american meddling knows no boundaries . 
  i 'm surprised about the uk . 
  when i was there last year , it seemed like much less . 
  sure , in london you can get by just speaking english just fine , like in every european capital , but further away from there people speak english with such a bad accent that they 're barely intelligible , if at all . 
  i know , i just think it 's kinda weird that a muslim girl makes it to the international press when two weeks ago , every dutch 12-17 years old was carrying explosives as potent as a grenade . 
  hence my question . 
  unfortunately , the article does n't say . 
  like , fireworks ? 
  while it is quite scary to see these disgusting racists rank so high in the polls , i think we do n't need to worry too much just yet . 
  on the one hand , the polls are always a bit misleading because people tend to pick the most extreme option in the polls even if they would n't vote for that , and this poll in particular is even more biased because it polls among people who decided to sign up to their website , which is n't representative . 
  on the other hand , ever since wilders said in public that he wants to remove the moroccan-dutch minority , the other parties are very reluctant to co\u00f6perate with him , so even with a lot of votes he probably would n't do anything beyond blocking stuff like integration . 
  he 's wearing blue contact lenses as well . 
  [ here ] ( https://deverwardeman.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/geertwilders.jpg ) is the young geert wilders . 
  this is a poll among people who decided to sign up to their website . 
  they always predict ridiculous numbers for the freedom party , which never come true . 
  it says ' 11 ' , not ' 11 % ' . 
  there 's literally 100 of them . 
  what has the aow to do with this ? 
  sebas said that the pension funds will run dry , which is untrue . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  it 's not paid for by current workers , but by money saved up by the old people themselves . 
  they may not think back , but they certainly do act emotionally . 
  most opponents certainly do it to spite the eu . 
  i doubt they even know what the agreement entails . 
  anti-nazi bias worst bias . 
  [ hi ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/coat_of_arms_of_urk.svg ) .
