  and rightly so . 
  one person 's freedom ends where another person 's freedom begins . 
  inciting hatred and calling for violence against a minority group is clearly crossing the line . 
  some subreddits do so to remind the op to pick a flair . 
  not sure about / r/europe though . 
  or it 's the automoderator . 
  i do n't read just the title, 
  yeah right , american ` freedom ' . 
  until your employer does n't like it , then he may fire you . 
  of course this polling agency did n't ask about that . 
  instead they wonder how important it is to have a two party system . 
  it 's an opinion poll so laws do n't really matter . 
  the liberals have been in power for some years and they kill every plan that does n't involve lots of fossil fuel . 
  actual mark rutte quote : `` windmills do n't run on wind , but on subsidies !!!! 1 !, 
  oh come on , you ca n't blame it all on greece . 
  [ this ] ( http://images0.tcdn.nl/telesport/article22673345.ece/binary/q/hockey+anp.jpg ) . 
  just regular hockey . 
  what ? 
  hockey . 
  it 's played by many , and it also helps that the national team does quite well in the olympic games . 
  thanks rutte . 
  i realise eastern europeans have a majority on here , but still ... it 's so obviously untrue i do n't even understand how people can accept it with a straight face . 
  do n't you worry , just try to inform yourself a bit better before saying such silly things . 
  nice article , thanks for sharing . 
   meanwhile western europe spent years trying to keep eastern europeans out do you realise we made a free movement agreement with various eastern european countries ? 
  really ? 
  below the ` redardation ' level ? 
  for not using the ` central europe ' category that fell out of use ages ago ? 
  and then people complain i am whiny when i note that the netherlands are n't called holland . 
  well , she does n't really have very nuanced opinions now does she ? 
  and after all the scandals she has very little credibility left . 
  well , they are in the east and they are european . 
  is this his new tactic ? 
  claiming it 's only democratic he gets it his way ? 
  he 's been doing that quite often lately , stating that representatives are n't real representatives etc. 
  etc. . quite a scary development considering his racist views and fascist supporters . 
  it 's not that surprising once you realise that one can only be stripped of his passport if he should n't have got it in the first place . 
  there has n't been a recent change in definition that i know of . 
  liberalism is just the opposition to workers ' rights and solidarity . 
  it 's true that some liberals like to complain about the racism their fellows indulge in , but that is n't anything new . 
  it 's after all the party that literally supported the south-african apartheid regime only thirty years ago . 
  when my mother first meets someone from her region , she can immediately tell which village that person comes from just by hearing the accent . 
  it always surprises me how people still take ayaan hirsi magan seriously . 
  those just are n't posted / upvoted on / r/europe . 
  ah , eastern europe . 
  using one hand to stop refugees coming in , and the other to beg for more eu money . 
  / r/polandball, 
  pretty stupid , considering it 's much easier to learn a language when you 're already in the country that speaks it . 
  possibly . 
  one of the parties that are proposing this , the liberal party , is in favour of racial profiling . 
  they believe it is more efficient to go directly after those criminal ethnics instead of bothering some nice dutch elderly couple . 
  what 's the point of talking to france when le pen or some other lunatic will unmake all the progress anyways ? 
  even though i am in favour of free movement , i think this is a good step . 
  the schengen area was simply expanded too fast . 
  we should start small , and add southern and eastern european countries only after they 've reached our level economically and morally . 
  yeah , who names his dog diesel ? 
  i 've literally not seen a single post that blames that on the victims . 
  it 's arrogant because you dare to disagree with a pole . 
  ah yes , equality before the law is pointless because you should n't break laws in the first place . 
  great point . 
  literally making every frenchman with a second pasport a second class citizen . 
  do the french ` socialists ' not value equality before the law ? 
  equal punishment for equal crimes ? 
  we can only hope he ca n't push it through . 
  obviously , yes . 
  nah , most frenchmen are white . 
  is it still possible for france to invoke article 5 even though france bombed the islamic state first ? 
  if the croats believe the migrants to be so dangerous , would n't croatia be putting the security of other nations in danger by letting the migrants pass through ? 
  the part you aee quoting literally says the opposite . 
  you state that like if saying a slur is worse than being a neonazi . 
  something something freedom of speech, 
  jesus christ , what is it with these extremists that they just have to compare refugees to a bloody flood . 
  i thought we stopped doing that 70 years ago . 
  other brits actually kneel to the queen ? 
  god , that 's even more archa\u00efc than the dutch monarchy . 
  french diplomacy . 
  in the mean time , the worried islam critics keep planning arson attacks on asylum housing . 
  the government gives jewish organisations money to protect themselves , for example . 
  i do n't think something bad will happen , no . 
  even if someone were to try , jews in the netherlands get all sorts of special protection other groups do not get . 
  i do n't understand the fuss . 
  if people want to live in their colony so badly , i 'd rather see them go than come . 
  why do you even discuss this with me if you do n't want it ? 
  if you do it just for me , you really do n't need to . 
  let 's say you are one of those germans who just bought pepper spray , and you plan to rob someone . 
  how could you possibly know if whatever turk you pick has such pre-existing conditions ? 
  you can not . 
  so yes , it only leads to death sometimes , but that 's the case for an alot of other weapons too . 
  he does n't mean it would literally drift towards the middle of the ocean . 
  one is a tool , the other one is a weapon . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  besides , one can die from pepper spray . 
  can you literally not see the difference between pepper spray and a screwdriver ? 
  like any weapon , it 's great for violence . 
  why is this shit even legal ? 
  this ca n't go well . 
  i 'm pretty sure maxwell is famous . 
  do you mean the asphalt used in countries like belgium , or the asphalt used in countries like the netherlands ? 
  ;') if they are n't sacrificing health giraffes , they 're helping a criminal take someone 's child . 
  what a joke .
