  `` oh no , he 's saying something i do n't like . 
  quick , adopt the steinmeier strategy and say he 's probably insane . '', 
  if with ` honesty ' you mean an emotional rant that in no way replies to the criticism , and instead just comes up with silly accusation to the protestors , then i do not see why it is sad that he is criticized for it . 
  it 's not really brave to say there was no simple solution for the economic crisis , was it ? 
  the protestors did n't say such a thing at all . 
  they did not come there to get greece and portugal kicked out of the eu at all . 
  steinmeier just comes up with that because he does n't feel like actually responding to the criticism , and come up with arguments for the support of the ukrainian civil war . 
  a few questions for the germans : is he always so unprofessional ? 
  do you think it will have any consequences for his position ? 
  dit he give a somewhat calmer explanation later on [ i could n't find one ] ? 
  what makes it even funnier is , last february , janoekovitsj ( when he was still in power ) was willing to declare early elections . 
  the ukra\u00efnian far right ( svoboda and friends ) , ie the part of the protestors that was protesting violently , thought this was n't enough , and demanded the government to be overthrown immediately . 
  the eu negotiators , ie steinmeier and two others ( i believe the french and polish foreign ministers , iirc ) , agreed with this , which has lead to the current civil war in ukra\u00efne . 
  when confronted about steinmeiers warmongering by the protestors , he loses his mind and says the protestors are the real warmongerers , ironically because they do n't support the pro-ukra\u00efne side enough . 
  who cares ? 
  the uk already voted . 
  the nazis killed 23 million russians . 
  what the fuck was charles thinking when he compared putin to the nazis ?!, 
  that they would n't be insulted ? 
  d'66 is , expectedly , very much in favour of it . 
  i have yet to meet the first d'66-voter that supports the ttip . 
  it seems like the few netherlanders who voted were hardly informed , and only voted d'66 because they oppose the racist nationalists from the pvv . 
  it could only be expected anyways , considering the crappy journalism about the european elections . 
  i do n't think this result should be considered a mandate of the people or something like that . 
  the netherlands has 130 km/u only on very limited parts . 
  most of it is 120 km/u , or 100 km/u near cities . 
  the previous government ( liberals and christians ) needed some popularity , so they spend a lot of money on raising it to 130 km/u . 
  but most of it has been switched back to 120 km/u since it was incompetible with environmental laws . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  he just wants to solve the moroccan problem and deny people with a second passport their democratic rights , and people start comparing him to hitler . 
  the results have n't been officially published yet , this is just an estimation . 
  why the rest of europe has n't started yet , i do n't know . 
  the netherlands are sixth of the eu . 
  seventh if you count russia , too . 
  i have no idea how big holland would be though , probably after poland and belgium . 
  edit : for those who do n't believe it , [ here ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/lijst_van_landen_naar_bnp ) is a source . 
  jep , and the national-socialists were socialist , too . 
  haha , true . 
  i remember when he promised his voters never to raise the age of retirement . 
  very very left indeed . 
  he then dropped this a few hours after the elections , and proceeded to form the most right-wing government we ever had . 
  almost like if the ex-vvd politician is actually pretty far to the right , and only makes left-wing promises to get some more votes . 
  well , that he is to your left does n't mean he is n't far right . 
  i 'm surprised the relinuts did so well . 
  the cda will probably lose one seat , but are still the biggest party . 
  and the cu/sgp remain constant . 
  i think it 's because so few normal people go to vote . 
  it always has a really low turn-up rate . 
  i did not imply such a thing . 
  if you click the ` other discussions ' tab on the top of the screen , you can see in which other subreddits this has been posted . 
  r/whiterights is such a subreddit . 
  wait , i could vote for the president of the european commission ?!, 
  goddamn , if only i had known two hours ago ... 
  oh , we 're being brigaded by r/whiterights again . 
  i can see why one would n't want to support a flawed , undemocratic system . 
  does the eu recognize claims on antarctica ? 
  right , if you do n't like the way the eu is forcing its liberalism on its member countries , you sure must hate immigrants . 
  flawless logic you have there . 
  the pro-eu parties do not want to dictate the global corporate world what they can and can not do . 
  they want to dictate the national governments what restrictions they can and can not make . 
  anyways , i have already voted for the sp now , and you probably voted , too ; so i guess we should have this discussion in four years . 
  this framing ( liberalism = normal , social-democracy = far-left ) happens far too often in the netherlands . 
  liberals are failing to see that their ideas are in fact an ideology , and not necessities . 
  i find it rather silly to omit this in an article on dutch politics . 
  i 'm a bit annoyed by the mistakes in the article . 
  d'66 is not a centrist party . 
  they claim to be centrist for ideologous reasons , but they 're in fact very liberal ( but without all the conservatism ) . 
  also , while the sp is the most left-wing party in the netherlands , it can hardly be described as ` far-left ' . 
  i also think the author underestimates the power of the dutch media , which is racist as fuck . 
  example : moroccan-dutch thirteen year olds are denounced as ` street terrorists ' in the national newspapers . 
  thank god i speak a little belgian , so at least i can read some proper articles on foreign news . 
  so do n't vote for the people who are in favour of this liberal eu that supports those big businesses . 
  well , they 'd need a majority . 
  what are ` the white countries ' ? 
  edit : i 'm sorry i did n't know this . 
  english is not my first language , and i did n't come across the term before . 
  so please stop sending me agressive pm 's . 
  which happen not to be the pro-eu parties . 
  sadly , in the netherlands most people are n't informed at all ( how could they with these crappy dutch journalists ? 
  ) , so they 're all going to vote pro-eu ( against those fascists !!! 1 ! ), 
  ugh , the borders in those obscure , african countries change all the time . 
  ca n't blame the bbc here . 
  haha , and reddit is saying the same . 
  * the balkans are being flooded . 
  * floods are bad . 
  * bad stuff happens in africa . 
  * therefore , the balkans are in africa . 
  it 's quite a problem in holland , since there are quite a lot of agressive hooligans and amateur players . 
  a while back some people even killed a linesman . 
  it 's not a ` democratic principle ' to invite religious leaders over . 
  also , if some nationalist are afraid their country will look weak , it 's probably a good decision . 
  yeah , evil politicians are only doing what people want to get votes . 
  til people want to be spied on . 
  what the fuck ? 
  google can see it when i 'm on reddit ? 
  wait , are you saying the media are n't critical of labour parties , but are critical of liberals ? 
  ah , i see we can celebrate protectionism again . 
  i always wonder if such polls are horribly biased , of if there are really so many people who do n't want a more democratic system . 
  does the norwegian government have a special propaganda department for the monarchy , similar to the netherlands ? 
  what 's with the remaining 30-40 % then ?
