  immigrants are usually sent to a lower level than native dutchmen ( even when they have the same test results ) , such that immigrants are more concentrated on the low level schools . 
  well , it looks like the liberals need populist measures to attract the fascist vote again . 
  i wonder what will be next . 
  a special police force to deal with etnics ? 
  yeah , why do n't these people abide by the official state culture ? 
  send them to prison , i 'd say . 
  because the french are short-sighted and egocentric . 
  what did you expect from the country we had to bribe in order to stop poluting the river rhine ? 
  this is just sad . 
  a nation once mighty enough to conquer half the world now goes down of infighting . 
  spain ? 
  oh , i 'm sure the liberals would want to abolish our net neutrality in a second . 
  but they know they ca n't do it democratically so that 's why they need the eu to force it . 
  yes . 
  oh speak for yourself , i do n't want your correction . 
  my government enforced net neutrality just fine , and now the eu is going to ban it . 
  why not ? 
  do n't you have laws against animal abuse ? 
  fuck the eu . 
  i would love international co\u00f6peration in europe but not this undemocratic ploy to force liberalism on us . 
  the law against insulting the monarch is n't used very often to imprison someone , usually it 's just a fine . 
  in 2013 , someone got a 5 months prison sentence , but he was promptly released because he had already been in pre-arrest for two years . 
  do n't worry , in the future it * will * be about the costs . 
  we 've just changed the system so that students will have to accumulate large debts . 
  i 've seen it in a most decadent vegetarian restaurant in spain , where you could also order raw vegan stuff . 
  a political ideology of hate and violence . 
  oh god , you 're a fortuynist are n't you ? 
  may i ask how old you are ? 
  the dutch right-wing does n't make a distinction between immigrants and muslims . 
  so it 's no surprise that the responses i got are all rambling about muslims . 
  in fact , the freedom party even denies that islam is a religion at all . 
  not making this up . 
  i still do n't get your point . 
  sure , not everyone who votes for those racists is racist himself , but that does n't change anything about what i said earlier . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i said nothing about islam , let alone about muslim countries . 
  perfect . 
  do n't let it slip . 
  you 're missing the point completely . 
  even if i koet reet wat dey publisj , dey woedent bie eble toe understent dutsj politisjens , sajentists , etc. 
  etc. . 
  it 's very kind of you , but i have to decline . 
  i do n't speak a word swedish . 
  ehm , it was partially a reaction to v58 's quote from wikipedia , about criticism of swedish media . 
  over the past decade or so , racism became a political thing in the netherlands ( see for example the rise of geert wilders ' freedom party ) . 
  as such , not being racist became a political stance . 
  even though the media had n't changed to much yet , they suddenly got very biased simply because the society around it changed . 
  they caught much criticism for it , and they have changed a lot since . 
  for example , in the media 78 % of the reports about youth crime are about moroccans , even though only 11 % of the suspects was . 
  and it also goes the other way around . 
  there are lots of reports and evidence that moroccans are discriminated against in virtually every way . 
  yet it gets very little attention . 
  reporting about it is seen as ` politically correct ' . 
  i 'm not talking about the tabloids here , even the ( supposed ) quality newspapers often portray immigrants and their children as perpetrators and seldom as victims . 
  it 's the narrative they do not break . 
  and of course , the criticism from the ( far ) right is still as strong as before . 
  if you hate democracy you might as well just install a dictator . 
  thankfully at least sweden is still a decent country . 
  please do n't walk down the same road as the dutch , swedes . 
  g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement is probably not a verb . 
  haha , i love the irony . 
  how often wilders wanted to ban someone from the netherlands ... 
  they 're pretty conservative indeed . 
  we 've also got a progressive liberal party that wants to ban racial profiling and such . 
  though i do n't really like them because they also want to abolish workers ' rights and were a big force behind the abolition of study financing ( which means students will now have to take large loans ) . 
  ehm , i 'm sorry , but the social-democrats * is * the labour party . 
  there really are just two parties in the current government . 
  the vvd is very liberal . 
  lower taxes for the rich , abolishment of study financing , no green energy sources , racial profiling is effici\u00ebnt , etc. 
  etc. . 
  the pvda ( labour / social-democrats ) is a centre-left party . 
  huh ? 
  they look just like normal people . 
  the labour party ( pvda ) forms a coalition with the liberal party ( vvd ) , i.e. 
  they form a government together . 
  since the netherlands are quite far to the right , the liberals have alternatives in case the government falls while the social-democrats can only hope to slow down the liberals a bit . 
  so the social-democrats have a very fragile position and constantly sign uneasy deals with the liberals . 
  this month , a new issue arose . 
  migrants who are denied a status in the netherlands are supposed to go back to whichever country they came from . 
  sometimes , however , this does n't happen . 
  depending whom you ask , these migrants do n't return because their home country wo n't let them in or because it really is n't as safe as our foreign ministry believes it is ; or because they are `` fortune seekers '' ( this is an actual insult in liberal circles ) who are trying to steal our wealth . 
  anyways , when these people are denied but do n't leave the country , they have no place to stay and just roam the streets . 
  some city governments decided to give them a place to stay and some food , but it was n't the case everywhere and it was n't enough . 
  for about a week , it seemed the labour party was finally doing something good as it pushed for bbb ( bed , bath , bread ) for these people , while there was an internal struggle in the liberal party . 
  then the council of europe concluded that the current situation violates the migrants ' human rights and that it 's opposed to international agreements , but they added that the council of europe does n't have the authority to enforce it . 
  so then the liberals concluded we really do n't have to do it . 
  finally , the liberals and the social-democrats came to an agreement : there will be no bbb and , furthermore , no city government will be allowed to continue its local bbb program . 
  i mean , i get that the labour party is in a bad position and that they ca n't always get a good deal , but to violate human rights over it ... 
  i 'd rather just have new elections . 
  i think that , ideologically speaking , i 'm somewhere in between the labour party and the socialist party . 
  but with labour 's latest betrayal i wo n't vote for them anytime soon . 
  i guess the sp is left then . 
  yes , that 's very much true . 
  and the labour party is shrinking . 
  there was a pretty big government crisis last week when the labour party wanted to give food and shelter to migrants while the liberals want to violate their human rights . 
  this crisis has been ` resolved ' . 
  not only will they continue to violate the human rights , but they will also fine every local government that does not . 
  i know europe is majority catholic , but i hope they really do n't impose dogmas . 
  ah yes , do n't like unnecessary flying = asinine , saying that i should be deported , that africans should drown , or that i 'm miserable = upvotes for you !, 
  do n't be silly .
