  they think that 's justified because their crime statistics are higher . 
  i do n't really understand this line of reasoning . 
  i do n't think a monocultural society , a society in which minorities are sent to their parents ' mother lands , is better than a multicultural society . 
  he did n't say it 's bad to be correct about something , he said that it 's bad to assume the killer must 've been non-norwegian . 
  i have this hypothesis that the word * or * is really hard to use in the correct language . 
  well , that 's not what eigenbrot said . 
  i think i 'm a vegetarian this week . 
  no , i was talking about immigrants who already have their citizenship . 
  i get that you do n't want to move to places where people hate you , but do n't you think it 's a bit too much to be forced to move away because people hate you ? 
  i seriously doubt their hate is restricted to foreigners . 
  they probably also hate immigrants , and possibly even their children . 
  ~ ~ the ceo is forced to resign . ~ ~ the ceo retires a year earlier than he had planned . 
  the dutch journalists are so incompetent our government does n't even need to restrict it : they only monitor them just to be sure . 
  by the way , most press restrictions in the netherlands come from corporations , not from the government . 
  i 'm not sure if this map takes that into account . 
  why would you want to go to anything but holland ? 
  the randstad has been very succesful in stealing succesful things from other provinces , their latest succes being the ice skating stadium from friesland . 
  i heard the netherlands are great !, 
  i 'm not sure if that 's worse for the unemployed men , or for the women . 
  my classical teacher actually biked from the netherlands to rome . 
   took him a couple of weeks more than just one summer , i think . 
  do n't germans make any distinction between a * komkommer * and an * augurk * ? 
  it 's funny how the scandinavian languages are something in between ik and ja . 
  i bet they 've got really irish roots . 
  ugh , i get so sick of this . 
  no , you do n't get a free fedora . 
  the fedora is paid for with tax money . 
  it are * universal * fedoras . 
  he did n't have to play any cards . 
  he was just born into the billionaires family that happens to hold the dutch crown . 
  no other country except for the netherlands , they mean . 
  please no . 
  do n't you have the w-sound ? 
  hah , then you do n't know d'66 . 
  it 's a combination of fake indignation and full neoliberalism . 
  and if you think they do n't do nice little one-liners , you just do n't know them . 
  for example : taking away worker 's rights = we need work security rather than job security . 
  and abolishing the subsidies for students = we need to give people their responsibility back . 
  the reason that higher educated people vote for d'66 , despite the fact that they push for shitty neoliberal policies that often fail , is that higher educated people are often richer , and d'66 is basically a lobby group for rich people . 
  in the netherlands , we have de speld . 
  their most recent update : `` storm reaches saudi arabia , women advised to stay inside . '', 
  and , in a reaction to a plan from our neoliberals to use drones for security : http://www.speld.nl/2013/09/04/drone-gaat-burgers-realtime-corrigeren/, 
  would n't that be a condition ? 
  so facebook is the hero of the free press now ? 
  do you live in drenthe ? 
  it 's funny how you say gottesdienst for church service . 
  the dutch word * godsdienst * means religion , and for a church service we use the word * kerkdienst * . 
  judging by the green lips , the advertisement is probably aimed at the youth , is n't it ? 
  it looks pretty nice and it seems like a decent explanation of the voting . 
  btw , in the netherlands , we use a red pencil too . 
   did it recieve any reactions yet ? 
  positive and negative ? 
  i really doubt that . 
  if he lives in the us , in what municipality should he vote then ? 
  every first monday of the month , at noon , my city 's sirens go off to remind the children in primary school of the fact that they 're allowed to bring their own toys to school that afternoon . 
  of course there are road taxes : roads do n't pay for themselves . 
  those classic cars are indeed supposed to be owned by some snobbish car lovers , but it 's not the case at all . 
  belgium and germany are actually exporting their outdated and polluting cars to the netherlands rather than just destroying them . 
  it 's 100 % ridiculous , and they should 've been banned long ago . 
   car sales where low because we have a ridiculous and illegal tax called `` bpm '' ( ... ) car sales are not low because of the tax ( btw how is it illegal ? 
  ) , but because of two reasons . 
  first of all , most families that want a second car , already have one ; and secondly , people are postponing replacing their car because of the crisis . 
    so , in most cases it 's foolish to think most of us `` enjoy '' cycling when most of us really just grab a bicycle because it 's cheaper and both owning a car and public transportation is something a lot of people ca n't afford anymore . 
  i live in a pretty rich area and most people here are certainly able to go by car everywhere they go ... yet they do n't . 
  when they go to the supermarket or when they bring their children to school or to a sports club , or for their daily commute to work , many go by bicycle . 
  why ? 
  because it 's fast , easy , healthy , and because they enjoy it . 
  well , for a couple of european countries it 's the first time since woii that more bikes were sold than cars . 
  then why is n't it really ` doing your share ' if you 've had a bike before ? 
  woah , why are dutch bicycles so expensive ? 
  i bought mine for only $ 100 , - . 
  maybe the racing bike market is distorting the stats ? 
  yeah , bit silly denmark gets a prize too . 
  no no no , that 's not how it works . 
  in the morning , you 're travelling against the wind . 
  then , while you are at work , the wind turns by 180 degrees . 
  so you will get all the letters in french , dutch , * and * english ? 
  seems rather unpractical . 
  haha , so predictable . 
  call me a racist a thousand times without ever trying to comprehend a simple argument , whine when i insult you back . 
  oh , some shit american telling other people how they should behave . 
  better stop having fun then . 
  so we should ask black people what they think about it , and if they think it 's no problem , then it 's no justification . 
  you are just trolling , are n't you ? 
  well , it 's celebrated in the antillen , so i guess they do n't mind . 
  it really was no problem until a couple of angophones decided they could get some local popularity by whining about a celebration on the other side of the world . 
  that 's exactly what a racist in denial would say . 
  how does zwarte piet fit any of those ? 
  i feel like you are just ignorant on zwarte piet . 
  you 've been taught that blackface is bad , because the usa had a blackface tradition in which white people dressed up as black to make fun of black people . 
  if you 'd try and look at zwarte piet objectively , then you 'd see that he 's a character of its own ( or actually , a lot of different characters ) and that he is n't supposed to resemble the average black man . 
  but edje enriched the spanish cuisine . 
  is that really a topic that decides people 's votes ? 
  right . 
  why does n't your government just force everybody to come up and show their passport at the voting booth . 
  no-one is forced to vote , but they will have to come anyways ( and then they 'll probably vote ) . 
  is it serious , or is it satire ? 
  a knecht is just a servant . 
  most people of any enthicity have never been more important than servant . 
  if they were from cura\u00e7ao , they are n't really foreigners .
