  discrimination is the polar opposite . 
   in your first part , you could argue that art fills the existential void that humans have on earth . 
  philosophy ;'), 
  social-democrats = solidarity with all far-right = hate for all except our own group i hope you can spot the difference . 
  in the netherlands , the government raises the requirements for the penion funds every year such that the pension funds will have to cut on the pensions all the time . 
  it 's quite sad that a lot of people now do n't get the pension they 've a right to . 
  i wonder what our politicians are going to do with all the excess money , i think businesses may get a cut in a few years . 
  god , i hope you can keep the far right lunatics out . 
  but who goes to the uk by plane ? 
  how bad is it ? 
  do the media try to keep some kind of neutrality , or do they go full anti-immigrant like they do in the netherlands ? 
  are you saying they were n't involved ? 
  i know russia is pretty much hated over here , but it 's no good reason for revisionism . 
  aww damn , i really have to try harder next time . 
  thanks for the feedback though . 
  why is this controversial ? 
  if people are doxxing me on reddit or if they slander me , then i 'd hope i could force reddit to remove it . 
  and russians . 
  i do n't even understand why feminists are said to oppose this here on reddit . 
  in the netherlands , feminists are actually known for their opposition to gender roles . 
  well the greeks did n't sacrifice any cattle and see what it has brought them . 
  congratulations with jozef 's birthday . 
  i 'm an acquaintance . 
  no no , those are * expats * . 
  immigrants are non-white . 
  anti-immigration is not the same as anti-immigrant . 
  in germany , the teacher at the primary school decides what level of secondary education you can get . 
  i was on an exchange program to germany when i was still in middle school myself , and the germans told me that most teachers care more about the size of your parents ' car than about your intelligence . 
  you know , before i joined reddit i did n't even know that some people actually like it that politicians blame the immigrants and are silent about the important topics . 
  maybe the other countries have n't devolved as much as the netherlands in this regard ... 
  wilders himself is an ex-vvd member . 
  he was even in parliament for the vvd . 
  i 'm surprised the nationalist front and the freedom party can form a bloc , given their irrational views on israel . 
  i wonder how long it will take to implode . 
  congratulations with jozef 's birthday . 
  congratulations with jozef 's birthday . 
  watch [ this ] ( http://www.npo.nl/nos-journaal/06-06-2015/pow_00942223 ) from the day before the turkish elections [ watch from 9:12 ] . 
  do you think that 's neutral reporting ? 
  the dutch media are generally pretty bad . 
  they constantly copy each other without checking , so they 're quite unreliable . 
  in international matters they always side with the dutch government , and none of them ever publish about southern america . 
  you should always check out their advertisements and note which companies they are for , because duch media self-censor negative stories about those companies . 
  i 'll list a few : 1 . 
  nos , the governmental news agency . 
  they oppose erdogan , are in favour of israel , and do n't dare to criticise the government ( whichever parties are in it ) . 
  volkskrant , a newspaper that tries really hard to get rid of its left-wing image . 
  trouw , in case you 're christian or catholic . 
  nrc , for really sophisticated people . 
  telegraaf , for people who really hate muslims and left-wingers . 
  while the other newspapers are unreliable , the telegraaf is even worse because of its crazy opinion articles . 
  the last time i read it they warned for the labour party because of its plan to invest in education , ` just like the nazis and the communists did ' . 
  did n't western countries arm syrian rebels as well ? 
  do you think that the eu treats greece like this because its high officials are personally offended ? 
  of course not , they 're just sad that greece no longer wants to rob its citizens to give money to the very people that caused the crisis . 
  i fully agree here . 
  the eu shows its true face : if the people democratically elect a government it does n't like , it will stop all co\u00f6peration . 
  i 'm afraid the eu is going to run greece completely into the ground with its stubborn attitude towards the new government , but i 'd say they do relatively well given the situation the troika left them in . 
  a threat ? 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's a 5 % minority that can not even organise itself politically . 
  and the muslims i met are no more extreme than the christians around here , so i 'm not really worried . 
  that said , i hope most of them will start to see the absurdity of their beliefs in the coming decades . 
  very principled indeed . 
  it 's probably bigger , given the human trafficking has increased in the netherlands after the legalisation . 
  meh , not really . 
  though i really hope for a $ 5 , - coin . 
  you first have to win the eurovision song contest . 
  it also happens to poles who harvest asparagi . 
  well , the exploitation , not the rape . 
  i want the latter of course , that 's why i like the swedish model . 
  if you criminalise it all like in most places , it 's underground , and if you decriminalise it like in the netherlands , you 're just watching it happen . 
  the swedes criminalise only one side , such that the prostitutes can still get help . 
  how does the ` nature of the black market ' make prices go up ? 
  the decrease in demand would actually make it less profitable . 
  why not ? 
  paying taxes does n't make it volutary all of a sudden . 
  then what should they do instead ? 
  decriminalisation , like we did in the netherlands , only leads to more forced prostitution . 
  of course , our ` own ' women can now choose the job they want , and most people do n't really care about the eastern europeans being forced into it , but i still think it 's quite a bad deal . 
  is the daily telegraph the same kind of garbage as the dutch newspaper the telegraaf ? 
  what are we looking at ? 
  i think so , yes . 
  not sure if you 're being serious , but having a debt in a foreign currency is not a good idea . 
  yes , 64 % of the votes from the netherlands were for the akp . 
  i think that 's the highest in the world even . 
  but the voter turnout was n't very high , in absolute numbers there are only about 50.000 akp votes , while we have about 400.000 turks in the netherlands . 
  64 % in the netherlands . 
  i guess the nos campaign did n't work then . 
  turns out , if you treat a large minority like shit , some of them want radical change . 
  so one half of the country does n't want the other half to have voting rights ? 
  do n't colour me surprised . 
  thanks , ate potatoes . 
  the germans , the turks , and the moroccans . 
  maybe the croatian government can tell me what i should have for dinner tonight . 
  france and the uk bombed the place into chaos so they can deal with the aftermath . 
  it 's just pathetic that they only care about the refugees they created once they try to leave for europe . 
  i do n't think that was the problem . 
  his stepfather accidentally put the wrong surname on the plane ticket , and it was easier to change his actual name than to change the name on the ticket . 
  portraying an immigant as a victim ? 
  heresy !,
