  this is also the case for the freedom party ( conservative far right ) - i think because they 're competing for votes with the christian democrats - and the conservative right-wing ( vvd ) is against further legalisations because of international reasons . 
  they also want to ban foreigners from coffeeshops . 
  the problem is , that the netherlands are far too right-winged for any progressive coalition to get a majority . 
  in the past , the christian democrats would slow it down , and now the conservative right-wing is doing the same . 
  at least the current government was able to allow for foreigners again . 
  i do n't expect much will happen in the next decade . 
   and do they pay taxes on cannabis ? 
  nope . 
  southern asia , is that india ? 
  drug use in the netherlands is quite high because of the drug tourists . 
  :p cannabis is not legal in the netherlands . 
  it is illegal , but up to a certain amount ( i think 5g ) it 's not enforced . 
  that means that the police can take away your 5g of cannabis if they want ( for whatever reason ) , but you ca n't be prosecuted because of it . 
  we also have our ` coffee shops ' , in which cannabis is sold . 
  again , these are permitted , but their license can be revoked at any time , for whatever reason . 
  this combination of illegality and non-enforcement is called `` gedoogbeleid '' in dutch . 
  a third part of this policy is the education on drugs . 
  everybody is taught about the effects of the most common drugs at schools , and their risks . 
  ( edit : education rather than propaganda . 
  i personally think this is a good idea , because , if you tell people about drugs and add some lies to it to make it sound more scary , some people will find out it 's not true and then they wo n't believe the true parts anymore either . ), 
  however , even though cannabis sales in coffee shops are permitted , coffee shops can not obtain cannabis themselves . 
  growing it is illegal , as well as importing . 
  the dutch government actively hunts at cannabis farming and import . 
  and education . 
  not only that , but building companies also aimed at a 3 % shortage as to increease prices . 
  and then we had the scandal with the companies forming a cartel . 
  nope . 
  we might as well get rid of our national anthem altogether . 
  after all , who needs a stupid song ? 
  nice to see they have good animal welfare laws . 
  labour laws are actually very strict in the netherlands . 
  the problem is just that the labour laws are evaded by the one-man companies , so the younger generations have almost no rights . 
  i do n't expect any privacy , especially from google . 
  does n't this happen like , every year ? 
  and then the anti-immigrants guys go like : `` no i do n't hate those people , i just hate the fact that many of them are violent criminals . 
  and their first names , their first name are horrible too . '', 
  no no no , the uk goes to * peace * . 
  the caucasus is n't exactly in eastern europe . 
  it 's more like west asia . 
  the only reasonable conclusion is , that some french dudes decided to rotate the dutch flag . 
  jep , see [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1kaepz/what_is_the_story_behind_your_countrys_flag/cbmybzw ) comment . 
  the dutch flag dates back to the start of the eighty years war ( or even before it ) . 
  heh , i never realized that !, 
  is it true that he also used the word ` patrijspoort ' ( the circular windows in a ship ) in russian ? 
   the colours we have in our flag stand for 3 of the elements that make up the island . 
  red is the fire produced by the island 's volcanoes , white recalls the ice and snow that covers iceland , and blue is for mountains in the distance and not the sea as is commonly believed , although it sounds a lot more cooler . 
  really ? 
  i always thought the icelandic flag was just the norwegian one with the colours reversed ... 
  * is a union required for temp or part-time workers ? 
  however , it 's the unions that negotiate with the employers ' unions . 
  they set a cao ( collective labour agreement ) which is then enforced by the government ( if it follows legal requirements ) . 
  not all sectors do this . 
  * is there a minimum income requirement ? 
  * is temporary or part-time work allowed ? 
  * is temporary or part-time work common ? 
  yes , and it 's very common . 
  about half the people work part-time . 
  partly because some people have multiple part-time jobs ( ie high school teachers working at two schools ) , partly because it is just very popular . 
  * what are the minimum and maximum allowed work hours per week ? 
  it applies to every adult ( 18 + ) with an employer . 
  at most 12 hours a day , and at most 60 hours a week . 
  over a period of four weeks , the average must be below 55 hours a week , unless a cao states otherwise . 
  in a period of 16 weeks , the average must be below 48 hours a week . 
  you get a period of at least 11 hours free time after every working day . 
  once a week this may be shortened to 8 hours if it 's necesarry for the job . 
  after five days of work , there is a free time period for at least 36 hours . 
  this may be ignored as long as every two weeks has a free time period of at least 72 hours , which may be split into two periods of at least 32 hours . 
  if you work for longer than five and a half hour , you get a break of at least 30 minutes . 
  if you work longer than 10 hours , you get a break of at least 45 minutes . 
  these breaks may be split in breaks of 15 minutes . 
  this rule can be ignored by a collective agreement , as long as there 's at least a 15 min break after five and a half hours of work . 
  breaks are not necesarrily paid ( but often they are ) . 
  * what are the taxes for employers and workers ? 
  they are the same for part-time workers as for full-time workers . 
  as a result , two incomes of $ 30.000 a year both get into a lower bracket and result in a higher total than one income of $ 60.000 a year . 
  this can partly explain the popularity of part-time working . 
  * do you have a national minimum wage ? 
  * what is the history of the labor laws ? 
  * what is the societal opinion of the current laws ? 
  yes , there is a national minimum wage of about 1.480 a month for a full time job . 
  it depends on the sector what exactly is considered a full time job . 
  usually it 's 36 , 38 , or 40 hours a week . 
  there is a recent ( since the last decade ) trend that people start their own one-man company . 
  they are then hired by employers who are not considered employers , dodging a lot of the previous mentioned laws . 
  the older generations have a lot of rights , while the younger generations have very little . 
  the recent liberalisation of the postal market is a good example of the change . 
  before the liberalisation , mailmen made a wage that was enough to make a decent living , and the post services were reasonable trustworthy . 
  after the liberalisation , the wages were made what we call `` marktconform '' ( in line with the market ) : the directors ' wages were raised to $ 475.000 a year with a bonus of at most 100 % of that wage , and the mailmen were fired and re-hired as the one-man companies i mentioned earlier . 
  their wages are calculated per piece delivered rather than per hour , so mailmen barely make the minimum wage ( in some cases even less , but it 's legal since it are private one-man companies ) . 
  this has decreased the reliability of the postal service , since post is being dumped rather than delivered when it rains . 
  the mail delivery company has also cut on safety measures , which means criminals can now simply change your address and collect all your post without a notice . 
  there 's quite a debate going on in the netherlands about this trend . 
  right-wing parties like vvd , cda , and d'66 as well as employers ' unions claim the trend increases productivity ( work done / $ ) , and therefore contributes to our national wealth . 
  left-wing parties like pvda , sp , and gl claim the trend decreases employee loyalty and decreases the incentives for employers to invest in their employees , and they claim the transition leads to less rights for employees , while increasing income inequality . 
  * are there any upcoming law changes ? 
  * what are some common job roles filled by temp and part-time workers ? 
  * are there common illegal work schemes ? 
  i do n't know . 
  law changes are often changed before the change takes effect . 
  most typical part-time jobs are probably typical female jobs , since about 3/4 of the women works part-time .
