  but i do n't know any further statistics . 
  i think the prime minister 's explanation is valid . 
  yeah , i 've been googling around a bit and apparantly my previous comment was wrong . 
  the dutch flag was first used in the 16th century during the eighty years war against the catholic spanish . 
  it was n't decided wether the first colour should be red or orange ( both were used ) , until at some point it was decided it should be red . 
  in the 1930s the dutch nazi party asserted that it should be orange , but the prime minister at that time decided to make an explicit law that says it must be red . 
  nowadays , the orange-white-blue flag is only used by the dutch freedom party ( pvv ) . 
  some dudes decided to rotate the french flag . 
  rome , then berlin . 
  i 'm surprised so many people say paris . 
  it 's one of the worst capitals i 've visited so far . 
  not really integrated well , eh ? 
  ahhah political correctness in the netherlands !, 
  the only thing we have here is complaining about political correctess . 
  if it 's not a white blonde girl who wins the beauty contest , it must be political correctism !, 
  if there 's a movie featuring a turk that does n't evade taxes or a moroccan who does n't steal it 's a bad film because it 's too poltically correct !, 
  the tabboo on calling someone a racist is even worse than the tabboo on the racism itself . 
  if someone like wilders says : `` the time has come for repression of moroccan scum . 
  the time has come to treat the biggest sickness our country has suffered during the past 100 years , islam . 
  ( ... ) who refuses to listen , will have to feel [ the consequences ] . '', 
  ( my translation ) then you 're totally blocking serious debate when you say it 's racist . 
  you should n't do that at all . 
  besides , he 's not racist at all . 
  after all , islam is not a race and wilders is against eastern europeans too ( and they 're white , mind you , it ca n't be racist ) . 
  also , the fact that immigrants in the netherlands get lower punishments for their crimes has totally nothing to do with the fact that there are more policemen in immigrant neighbourhoods and that they 're getting caught for lighter offences , nooo , it 's because our judges are anti-white racists who go easy on immigrants . 
  and do you know why gays are so accepted in the netherlands ? 
  the elite already accepted them , but the big masses only did so after they learned that muslims are against gays . 
  really , the only reason that the netherlands is only at 20 % in that graph is because most non-western immigrants here are in the second generation ( and thus not counted as such during this survey ) . 
  the statistics do n't work like that . 
  it 's possible that the uk discriminates certain groups worse than sweden , but the % of the total immigrants is lower . 
  it simply means that , in the uk , there are a lot of immigrants that do n't feel discriminated against . 
  i doubt so . 
  even in switzerland , ` only ' about 1/3 of the people voted for a ban on minarets ( or so i remember ) . 
  it 's just that they 're a direct democracy , and most people did n't bother to show up and vote against it because they did n't care about it enough . 
  i think their rate is so low because most immigrants there are rich , white jews . 
  i did n't even know armenia is in europe . 
  all i really know is , that turkey has an armenian minority ... 
  one day they 'll ride on time again . 
  if they 're not believed , yes . 
  it 's hard to prove you 're gay and the fact that gays are beat up in asylum seeker centers makes it even harder . 
  however , the country they 're send back to can see the reason why they applied for asylum . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.rnw.nl/english/article/gay-asylum-seekers-not-gay-enough ) is an article about it . 
  the netherlands offer asylum for persecuted gay people too . 
  the gay people first need to prove they 're gay by coming out of the closet , while still being closeted for the fear of being beat up by fellow asylum seekers . 
  then , when there 's not enough proof / whatever reason , they 're send back to be imprisoned or killed ( because , the home country knows they applied for asylum on the grounds of being gay ) . 
  really ? 
  source ? 
  i happens everywhere within the eu , because the eu is causing it . 
  to stimulate the free market , governments are forced to consider several building companies , and pick the cheapest one that meets the requirements . 
  as a result , everybody lies about the time needed and about the costs . 
  it was to be expected . 
  retards ? 
  one must be a genius to be able to write an article that would fit on / r/mensrights , / r/libertarianism , and / r/whiteeurope at the same time . 
  heh , finally an unbiased article about feminism in scandinavia . 
  thanks for the link . 
  about 95 % of the turks is muslim and the turkish department of religious affairs sends its friday speeches to many , many turkish mosques all over the world , including turkey itself . 
  how is it not a muslim country ? 
  then why do you say `` all of the muslim countries '' ? 
  is it really the case ? 
  i think that turkey , for example , is n't nearly as bad as russia . 
  that 'll teach 'em . 
  most people ca n't stand the dutch accent either . 
  we do n't have voiced consonants that have a voiceless alternative at the end of a word , so d , z , v , b becomes t , s , f , p. 
  we also do n't have the a like in english . 
  as a result , the words bat , bad , bet , and bed all sound the same in dutch . 
  british accent . 
  i have no idea which british accent though . 
  :-d the vocabulary i was taught was some mix of what we called `` the queen 's english '' and - to make it somewhat more interesting for teenagers - slang ( from 30 years ago ) . 
  fcking populist right wingers . 
  even though it 's a known fact that our incredibly huge meat consumption is bad for the environment in many , many ways , they can only cry when someone is actually trying to do something about it . 
  `` oh noes , i ca n't have staples of meat every day of the week , unless i eat at home , those socialists only do that because they hate me '' . 
  awww poor brits . 
  now the law also aplies to them . 
  :( i would n't wish that upon my worst enemy . 
  the dutch post market has been liberalised a while ago , so that 's not reliable anymore . 
  also , mailing it in order to be able to e-mail ? 
  funny , because a while ago , the vvd ( dutch neoliberal party ) wanted to make a toll road somewhere in the randstad just so rich people could skip the traffic jam . 
  is it possible to exchange keys in secret ? 
  sadly , we currently have the worst minister-president since balkenende , so they will go on with their austerity no matter what . 
  the numbers do n't add up to 100 % , so i guess certain groups are left out . 
  you have easy talking . 
  if you actually had seen any swiss people , you would know they 're always making stupid generalisations about everything . 
  i hope they 'll finally close the paint factory that 's polluting the channel . 
  heh , if you 're fluent in english and french , i 'd first look at the uk and at france . 
  it 's just much easier to have close friends if you can talk with them in their ( and your ) first language . 
  the denominations are turkish or moroccan in the sense that they originate in those countries . 
  this is especially the case for turkish mosques . 
  in many of those , the friday speeches are all written by the turkish department of religious affairs . 
  yes . 
  and the word ` sale ' , too . 
  and what i hate even more is , that people have started to equate the dutch word ` korting ' with it , even though the english translation would be ` cut ' . 
  why do n't advertisers realize a -30 % * korting * is actually a 30 % increase . 
  racism is quite bad in the netherlands , and it 's widely accepted too : the dutch racist party has about 10 % of the votes and it 's becoming a tabboo to call them racist . 
  that said , you do n't need to fear for any racist violence . 
  and cities with a university are a lot more tolerant and international , and at the universities it 's even better . 
  i know a couple of muslim women at my university , very extreme ones too ( with religious clothing and such ) , and i did n't hear any racist comments so far . 
  we have , btw , a 5 % muslim minority that 's divided in all sorts of denominations ( mainly turkish and moroccan ) . 
  i suppose you 'd be able to find a mosque . 
  regarding language , most studies are in english , and most people speak just enough english to have simple conversations . 
  i think this is the case for most western european countries .
