  it 's just covert anti-white racism !, 
  yeah right , so you believe that snowden and wikileaks are n't invited because they had already been invited previous years ? 
  do n't be so na\u00efve . 
  just read the text mr5306 quoted . 
  it clearly says they prefer ` participants from developing countries ' . 
  and of course , there are n't any competent people in africa , so now they 're inviting all kinds of idiots just because they hate white men . 
  ugh , i do n't get why the hosts are allowed to invite females and niggers . 
  i hope they will make a rule against this soon . 
  do all the countries use the same definitions ? 
  it 's tradition . 
  and it also provides a nice ad hoc reason for politicians who do n't feel like coming up with something more substantial . 
  meh , what we refer to as ` german ' is only a collection of dutch dialects anyways . 
  because the far-right are racist nationalists , and the far-left are the people who would 've been called social-democrats if they had lived forty years ago . 
  in my opinion , this should n't be changed as long as the elections are on a national level . 
  just go get one in poland when necessary . 
  it 's like geert wilders says : he does n't want the netherlands to leave europe . 
  he only wants the netherlands to leave the eu . 
  i thought flemish fries are a bit larger than the normal ones . 
  the eu supports the government in which svovoda and the right sector have the two most important positions in the national security council , which decides the operations from the ukra\u00efnian army and secret service . 
  the safety in ukra\u00efne is in their hands . 
  right sector also wants to ban the communist party and the party of the regions . 
  i wonder how that will go with the elections today . 
  they 're probably more of a threat than the pro-russians . 
  imagine you 'd have to cast your vote in a place run by these guys ... edit : oh damn ... the truth ... it 's so inconvenient . 
  maybe we can downvote it out of existance . 
  they prolly sell to jews and muslims . 
  muslims only eat meat that was slaughtered in some ritual , and jews have the same requirements , exept that the butcher must also be jewish . 
  there was some terrorism expert on the television who claimed it were certainly muslims , as she could easily see it by their style . 
  i saw her on the television again last week , lecturing someone never to jump into conclusions . 
  he was at -2 when i wrote it . 
  i can not speak for schaumamal , but i assume the ` etc ' refers to the svoboda politicians that are right under the radar . 
  for example , they have the leading position in the ukra\u00efnian security council , which is responsible for the army and the secret service . 
  to add : * `` the european parliament ( ... ) [ is ] concerned about the rising nationalistic sentiment in ukraine , expressed in support for the svoboda party , which , as a result , is one of the two new parties to enter the verkhovna rada ; recalls that racist , anti-semitic and xenophobic views go against the eu 's fundamental values and principles and therefore appeals to pro-democratic parties in the verkhovna rada not to associate with , endorse or form coalitions with this party . 
  '' * [ 13 december 2012 ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+ta+p7-ta-2012-0507+0+doc+xml+v0//en&amp;language=en ), 
  wow , did you just get downvoted for stating something true that the people here do not want to hear ? 
  this subreddit has reached the point of being seriously deluded . 
  it 's probably because i 'm insane and pointless . 
  right , if there 's one opinion that is misrepresented , then surely it 's mine . 
  people just flat out say i 'm pro-russian . 
  and why ? 
  because i do not participate in their war rethorics . 
  that 's why . 
  who is not our friend , is our enemy . 
  that 's why . 
  there is no pro-russian side in europe . 
  it are a handful of lunatics . 
  there are only two big opinions , the one that sides with the pro-kiev side , and one that does n't want to further escalate the situation . 
  the latter is constantly attacked and misrepresented for siding with russia . 
  on / r/europe , and on the media ... and of all the media , the dutch media are the very worst . 
  i would even go as far as saying that we reach the levels of propaganda of russiatoday . 
  for why did no dutch ` quality ' newspaper write about the leaked phonecall from paet with the eu ? 
  why did no dutch ` quality ' newspaper write about the fact that joe biden 's son now is a director of the ukra\u00efnian gas company ? 
  why did the dutch ` quality ' newspapers suddenly forget about the fire in odessa when it became apparant that pro-russians had died ? 
  why did no journalist ask a critical question when our minister of foreign affairs , timmermans , complimented the new government for being reserved , even though they 're using the army against civilians ? 
  whatever you think about that , it 's not reserved . 
  we are being lied to !!, 
  it is even worse !, 
  the dutch media are even worse than russia today !, 
  because at least , russia today is obvious when they 're telling lies , as they make up the most outrageous , perfectly convenient bullshit . 
  but that 's not the case with our media . 
  they print all the true things , so no-one can ever have hard proof of them lying . 
  but they leave out half the facts . 
  they leave out the half that 's inconvenient for ` our ' side . 
  when the russians do something wrong , it 's on the front page , but if ukra\u00efne is doing something wrong , we are not to know . 
  the lies we are being fed are much more refined , much harder to detect for someone who reads only a dutch newspaper . 
  and before you think i 'm some conspiracy theorist , or if i 'm making stuff up , you can check it all for yourself . 
  go to nrc.nl , to volkskrant.nl , or to trouw.nl , and search for `` hunter biden '' . 
  nothing . 
  search for `` brand odessa '' , and all you get is an early report that says it 's uncertain what happened . 
  search for `` paet gelekt gesprek '' , and all you get is a small article that only mentons that a few protestors got shot , and nothing more . 
  to quote steinmeier : there are no peace angels . 
  our side is not the good side . 
  yet we do support it , and the people who disagree with this are accused of being anti-american , pro-putin , or are even accused of being paid by russia . 
  western journalists and leaders * are * participating in war rethorics . 
  steinmeier was a part of the eu negotiators a couple of months back . 
  they * could * have pushed for earlier elections , then the protestors could have had the government they wanted . 
  but they did n't . 
  instead , we 're stuck with the most extreme of protestors in key positions in their security council , and a civil war fought in eastern ukra\u00efne . 
  the eu did n't handle this well !, 
  and that does n't make me russian !, 
  oh yes , because only good discussions can be had on geenstijl . 
  i 'm seriously starting to feel like it is . 
  instead of a discussion , i 'm only getting insults . 
  : / anyways , thanks for replying . 
  i 'm not alone in this mess . 
  this is what i do not understand . 
  these far right politicians say the most horrible things about others . 
  for example , the pvv ( the party from geert wilders ) says things like : we should solve the moroccan problem ; who does n't listen will have to feel ; these cunt moroccans are terrorising our streets [ about 13 years olds who pour chocolate milk over a slide ] ; the national socialists were socialists , just like the labour party ; the labour party let these people in so they could vote for them ; the south african apartheid regime should never have been abolished ; etc etc. 
  and this is considered an honest debate . 
  but when they are called racist , it 's just an insult to silence the political opponents ? 
  really ? 
  in dutch , the comma would mean that the things are both ridiculous and racist ... 
  the people who oppose these racists are also saying what they think . 
  so by this logic , they surely want an honest debate , too . 
  my employer ordered me to pretend to be dutch while spreading our propaganda . 
  a conspiracy ? 
  not at all . 
  people are just so stuck in their ideas that they upvote the asshole who writes venomous insults to the one they disagree with . 
  good . 
  +6 ... this subreddit is getting more pathetic every day .
