  ` only ' 36 million to support an undemocratic institution . 
  how does it follow that i do n't care about civil liberties ? 
  huh ? 
  why would n't i like civil liberties ? 
  maybe they mean it 's the first time since 1990 . , 
  i 'm surprised germany has a lower limit of 5 % . 
  while i like it that the liberals , euroskeptics , and the pirates did n't make it into parliamentary , it 's very odd that the votes of 11,7 % of the germans are completely ignored . 
  how is that democratic ? 
  the dutch website joop.nl ( centrist news website ) says on the front page `` merkel verslaat iedereen '' ( merkel beats everybody ) , and they also write the left-wing candidate is too boring too appeal to the public ( unlike merkel ? ) . 
  the former left-wing newspaper volkskrant has a couple of articles on the german elections , one of which quotes merkel ( translated ) : `` i will be chancellor for the full four years '' , and another one writes a lot of germans bothered to vote . 
  edit : the telegraaf ( populist right-wing newspaper ) writes that merkel has a huge victory and that the cdu may be able to get a full majority , for the first time in the history of the federal republic of germany . 
  we have three christian parties . 
  the cda , which is not one specific denomination but rather a collective for religious rights ( we still have religious education and such bullshit , so they have quite somewhat to defend . ) . 
  there are also a couple of muslims in that party . 
  and then we have the two other parties , christian union ( hervord , ` reformed ' ) and the dutch reformed party ( different kind of reformed ) . 
  these two parties are small ( together about 8/150 seats i think ) , and usually work together . 
  despite the huge rivalry over one or two points in the bible . 
  that 's the case everywhere in the world . 
  it 's hard for leftists to find an agreement on how to build up the country , but it 's easy for right wingers to agree on breaking it down . 
  it 's province # 13, 
  we * are * taenks girlfriend . 
  what happened to our islands ? 
  maybe she feels she is n't fluent enough , and wants to avoid saying something she did n't mean to say . 
  not sure if that 's it though , because dutch politicians speak english horribly bad and still try . 
  lots of socialists and greens at 80 % , and liberals and freedom ^ tm democrats at 7 % . 
  nice . 
  except the majority of the italians , of course . 
  yeah , from germany . 
  he was very well-known , too . 
  it makes me so sad to see the infinite optimism from 10 years ago , and the lost glory of today . 
  edit : see also [ euronoise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-d69iskbc_c ) , a song made by several european punk bands ( and actually multi-lingual , rather than all english ) . 
  so what do you want to do then ? 
  it is to my understanding that the golden dawn has infiltrated your police force , and that they freely march through the streets , attacking immigrants and killing political enemies . 
  surely , the greek government must do * something * about it ? 
  this is hilarious . 
  the speech was written by out minister-president . 
  hence the lack of vision . 
  by the way , ` to give people their responisibily back ' is a common phrase in dutch . 
  it refers to the law of nature that there always is an equal amount of responsibility in our universe , so if the government fails to take it , it must somehow flow back to the people . 
  in practice it means we will have less money . 
  i 'd say that 's the most sensible choice . 
  it gives you the lowest chance of getting you killed . 
  if a member of your criminal gang runs for the elections , is it ok what you 're doing ? 
  killing leftists is a form of freedom of speech now ? 
  actually , hitler got it from the american pledge of allegiance . 
  do german supermarkets sell brown bread all day long ? 
  in the netherlands i find that all the brown bread is sold out at about 4 pm , and then i need to buy white bread . 
  i 'm not really sure why every single supermarket always over-estimates white bread demand and under-estimates brown bread demands . 
  is it the same in germany ? 
  yeah right , got ta protect the democratic rights of people who attack and kill others for their appearance or political ideas . 
  why is n't that criminal gang banned yet ? 
  fun fact : our queen got her driver 's license without taking an exam ` for our national interest ' . 
  even in the small and obvious points , they are above the law . 
  or if we could get some agreements to save the environment a bit , rather than doing the exact opposite like we 're doing now . 
  so now we do n't count anymore ? 
  we need this so badly . 
  here in the netherlands too , we have roads with maybe two cars per hour , yet they 're full of street lights , lit advertisements for shops that are closed , et cetera et cetera . 
  - undermine labour laws - increase vat , decrease income tax - maintain the government aid for expensive houses - buy new military planes - give the jobless less financial aid - give the sick and the elderly less financial aid - civil servants wo n't get a pay raise anytime soon - students will have to pay for their study all by themselves now - deregulation of certain markets ( the postal market being a ` good ' example ) these are all neoliberal policies that the right wingers have wanted to impose for years . 
  but it 's probably all coincidence , because our prime minister ensured us that he has absolutely no vision . 
  ah well , i guess you should take my comment with a pinch of salt . 
  i 'm always exaggerating and over-generalizing everything anyways . 
  no , that 's in fact the only acceptable answer . 
  that we 're known for it does n't mean it 's true . 
  it 's just another bullshit story the dutch like to tell about themselves , just like the bullshit story that we are tolerant , or that we are calvinist and save a lot . 
  life in the netherlands is nothing but a series of formalities ; forced grin here , ` have a nice day ' there . 
  always pretend if you 've just encountered something interesting , otherwise people will keep asking what 's up until they get sick of it . 
  but do n't exaggerate it and laugh for real , because then people will keep questioning your happiness until you cry . 
  the only ` directness ' we have is that we should tell random strangers how much their haircut sucks . 
  foreigners mistake that for directness . 
   dutch directness ; * randstad rudeness, 
  and if it was clear ? 
  i wished i could give an honest answer every time somebody asks how i 'm doing . 
  i live in a student home with three german students . 
  none of them dries their dishes , but they let them dry for themselves instead . 
  it annoys the fuck out of me . 
  wan na trade germans ? 
  in the netherlands , the province of friesland is the only province to have bilingual signs . 
  their signs state the names in both general civilized dutch and their dialect . 
  the order is determined by the municipality . 
   some guys signing about a fox have had lots of likes on youtube . 
  do you feel proud or ashamed ? 
  there was nothing leftist about that article . 
  quite the opposite , actually . 
  there was a bot , coinflipbot , that would give a random ` heads ' or ` tails ' every time someone writes ` flip a coin ' . 
  apparantly , some mod did n't like it and removed all the reactions to coinflipbot ( but mine ) . 
  `` they 're not racist , they just have negative prejudices against people with a brown skin . '', 
  i read that one in a former left-wing newspaper a couple of months ago . 
  that makes xenophobia , then . 
  so , if i understand , this means that there has been next to no mixing between sweden and finland during the past 10.000 years ? 
  it 's been illegal for a long time to not pay any taxes , so yes , employers are punished . 
  pompen of verzuipen . 
  * shhhhht *, 
  not just non-western foreigners , but also moroccan scum / cunt moroccans . 
  it 's been quite an issue in the netherlands lately . 
  one of the two ruling parties , the vvd ( dutch neoliberals ) , wanted to make illegal immigrants punishable . 
  it was a ridiculous plan that would result in punishments for anyone who would help them commiting their crime ( for example , helping a homeless illegal in a winter night , or a doctor that treats a sick illegal ) . 
  when they realized its too ridiculous for any non-retarded party to agree with , they watered it down a bit to locking up all illegals , which is against eu rules . 
  i 'm happy we 're just sticking to sending back people whom asylum has been denied . 
  nah , but it was worth a try . 
  well , the media should show us both sides equally often , otherwise they 'd be biased .
