  fyi the usa are blaming russia , not the separatists . 
  how they can think that russia would do something that 's so clearly against their own interest is beyond me , but most people seem to believe it . 
  my previous comment even got downvoted to below the threshold , probably because i do n't jump into conclusions fast enough according to the people here . 
  i am glad that germany and the netherlands are a bit more reserved , unlike the usa and the oekra\u00efnian government that immediately used the deaths for their political agenda . 
  we should first find out what really happened and who is responsible before jumping into conclusions . 
  the current drugs policy in the netherlands as enforced by the liberal miniser opstelten . 
  ** netherlands ** * 298 people died as a plane traveling form amsterdam to maleisia crashed in eastern oekra\u00efne . 
  198 of them were dutch , and there were also about 100 aids researches in the plane . 
  it appears that it was shot down , but it 's not yet known by whom . 
  * a serial rapist got caught after he had to give his dna when he stole a bicycle . 
  * our roads are melting in the heat . 
  * the liberal drugs policy is failing : drugs are the biggest business in the provinces of noord-brabant and limburg ( which border belgium ) , and they bribe and infiltrate politicians , policemen , and others . 
  the weapons they use are getting bigger and more dangerous . 
  please do n't interrupt the circlejerk . 
  germany and austria are the only two eu-countries whose privacy laws are any good . 
  do they have weapons of mass destruction too ? 
  hahaha , when russia is involved , / r/europe suddenly * does * blame the one supplying the weapons , even before the disaster has even been researched . 
  i 'm going to save this post , so i can link to it the next time the netherlands , the usa , germany , italy or whatever country is supplying weapons to separatists . 
  who believes the intelligence services after all the lies they 've told ? 
  regardless , this reminds me very much of the time when anders breivik killed all those children , and all the terrorism experts on tv ( and online ) declared it must 've been a muslim . 
  if they had just shut up for a few hours , nobody would 've seen their incompetence . 
  and now , everybody is so sure russia is behind it even though they have no interest to do this . 
  seriously , if people would stop posting some stupid propaganda ( it 's even worse than you though , since it even says it 's going ` back to russia ' ) , and wait for a few days . 
  it 's already being investigated . 
  poetin already announced it 'll be an international research by the way ( he probably sees all the accusations coming , that they would lie about it ) . 
  regarding the downvotes : i actually got some upvotes this morning . 
  but then the downvote steamroller had enough pressure to take off . 
  happens all the time on this subreddit , so i would n't be too bothered about it . 
  how can i be losing if the battle against propaganda never ends ? 
  oh , quit the fucking propaganda already . 
  that video does n't show who 's moving it , nor where it moves to . 
  it definitely were n't the russians who did this , but such a trivial fact can not stop us from blaming them . 
  oh yes , there would be peace if only we had gone to war , right ? 
  if anything , we should n't have supported the protests to the point they simply replaced the government . 
  that 's what started this civil strife in the first place . 
  seriously , every pun has an end . 
  only the wurst pun has two ends . 
  but first , tell us where you live . 
  the numbers in europe are not that high , but we should remember it 's only monetary . 
  the courts will also be able to help the big international corporations get money from the state , even if the liberals are n't in power . 
  well , we 're in the navo together . 
  the americans spy on their allies , install puppet dictators in the neutral countries , and invade and kill their enemies . 
  they do anything what 's in their interest . 
  economic spying , pressuring other countries to do whatever they want . 
  threatening them . 
  they are fucking psychopaths , who desire total control , no less . 
  when we got the new government in the netherlands with the labour party , we had a slight improvement , but nowadays we 're just as shitty as with the previous government . 
  our foreign minister frans timmermans is the worst idiot ever . 
  while the isra\u00eblis have killed over 150 palistines , force them to leave their place , and netanjahu openly admits to planning a ground offensive and says everything is going according to plan ; all timmermans says he believes isra\u00ebl has the right to defend itself . 
  oh , and our media are guilty too . 
  they cassualy report how many palistines died , and then they spend the next 10 minutes explaining how clever the isra\u00ebli army is and interviewing an isra\u00ebli child about the rockets the palestines shoot . 
  having inflation means that your money is becoming less valueable over time . 
  so unless you expect you will need the money in a while , it 's better to spend it now ( now it 's worth more ) . 
  without inflation , people can safely sit on their money and wait , which means the economy will slow down . 
  when you 're getting deflation , it 's even worse . 
  then , it 's better to not spend money unless you have to , since it 'll be worth more in the future . 
  many shops will go bankrupt when that happens ... 
  are we talking about north-holland or south-holland ? 
  i also did n't know provinces can raise taxes ... was their last tax not abolished a few years ago ? 
  in english , they say eigh-teen instead of eight-teen . 
  so how many eggs does sweden need to get ? 
  over 1.000 ? 
  who the fuck believes this ? 
  wow , i remember that post . 
  i 've been here over a year , guys !, 
  other employees are paid with ` your ' money too . 
  not through taxes , but because you buy their stuff . 
  i have no idea . 
  i 'm not sure where you got that from , but you 're mistaken . 
  liberals are the people who want to take away power from the democratically elected government , and give it to businesses and its owners . 
  they think said owners will give us our rights because they 're kind-hearted rich men . 
  maybe i would like the pirate party , but i do not have a facebook account . 
  a libertarian is just a more radical liberal . 
  the liberals ? 
  a while back , they wanted to extend the three days of paternity leave with another two unpaid days , but then all the employers complained they would n't be able to be nice anymore if the big government demands so much . 
  it did n't make it . 
  if you 're not with us , you 're with the evil russian terrorist scum . 
  what ?!, 
  i thought the danes had the social-democrats in power ... 
  oh yes , i 'm so fascist i even think ending apartheid was a good thing . 
  that 's how fascist i am . 
  well , the topic is about dual citizenship , and they seem to be fine with it , considering they co\u00f6perated with the cda who installed marlies veldhuijzen van zanten-hyllner , who has a swedish passport . 
  regarding your examples , it should be noted that they are from the vvd and pvv respectively , two racist parties that argue for anything that would annoy turks or moroccans . 
  how often doe they succeed when it 's only a fringe group within that minority ? 
  i think it 's time for the afrikaners to accept that the apartheid regime is over now . 
  yes , they do n't get a job just because they 're white anymore , and yes , not everything is in their language anymore . 
  do you know who else has to deal with that ? 
  every fucking minority group in the world . 
  russia is pretty bad , so then the ukra\u00efnian government banning the opposition must be the good side , right ? 
  right ? 
  oh , i thought you was going to warn us for all the holes in your roads . 
  why is is sad ? 
  i 'd be happy if the netherlands were not so liberal ... 
  ah , i must have overlooked that . 
  well , as long as they stay there ... maybe i should res-tag them . 
  and they ca n't be nazis or nationalists ? 
  please ... 
  what ? 
  sweden is n't liberal at all ... 
  i personally think that gmo ( genetically modified organism ) sounds very sciency , so it must be a smart choice .
