  reddit , the stormfrontpage of the internet . 
  huh , i never realised the usa were so small . 
  well yeah , obviously the author does n't speak polish . 
  there 's a translation in the bottom . 
  yeah , how is this anti-semitic ? 
  they were n't even muslim . 
  just a few silly drunks looking for a fight , really . 
  does nobody even bother to read the title ? 
  \u201e how europeans see the germans . '' all this whining over nothing ... 
  is the dutch freedom party present as well ? 
  i do n't really care how logical this censorship seems to kiev . 
  and so the censorship continues . 
  god what is the kiev government a load of shit . 
  the ukrainians thought they could get rid of the olichargs by revolting but they were only replaced . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty international when a european subreddit discusses an american article about muslim teenagers and the christian union . 
  the american arms industry is in imminent danger . 
  think of all those jobs !, 
  the dutch one for cucumber is incorrect , we use both words . 
  ` doubles ' if you round 66,7 % up to 100 % . 
  i see the hetze against muslims continues . 
  if someone tries to burn down a mosk they do n't bother to write it down , if a bunch of teenagers believe in conspiracy theories it 's international news . 
  yeah , i do n't understand why they do n't just write tsjechia . 
  i 'd think the phrase ` islam critic ' would be an understatement for a neonazi , but when the majority disagrees with you it 's sometimes better to change your vocabulary . 
  the time to invest in renewunable energy sources is over . 
  give us solar and wind please . 
  if we 'd give limburg to belgium , the average iq would increase in both countries . 
  it 's quite logical that people assumed the islam critics did it again , since they start many mosk fires and deep fryers start only a few . 
  it 's so frustrated that negative news from the netherlands is downvoted so often . 
  anyways , i wish these students succes . 
  universities should n't be governed by people who want to make most money out of it . 
  i know gender equality is n't very popular on reddit , but i 'm happy the germans are making work of it . 
  it 's kinda embarrassing we 're still stuck at this point in 2015 . 
  well , we 've got a long way to go . 
  i wonder if we will finally see gender equality in thirty years . 
  if you want a war , you just need to tell the people they 're under threat and denounce any opposition as unpatriotic . 
  last week there was a video online when the alkmaar sanitation department threw away a homeless man 's belongings , including his shoes even though the homeless man said he uses those shoes . 
  meanwhile , the dutch authorities stole a homeless man 's shoes . 
  many right-wingers keep to the old adagium of \u201e who is n't with us is against us '' . 
  if the usa and russia/the muslims are fighting again , and you want to take a neutral position rather than help the americans , you 're anti-american and pro-russian/muslim . 
  it 's pretty silly that tsjechia infringed on the freedom of religion over this . 
  seriously , if people feel that protecting your children from diseases is just the same as questioning the lord 's authority , then the government has to respect that . 
  his res label ? 
  did n't you make that label yourself ? 
  if they 're not killing anyone , then why would you hope they will die ? 
  yeah right , ` lack of dialogue ' . 
  the only tabboo there is is the tabboo to call a racist racist . 
  we 've been talking about the evil muslims for over a decade now . 
  maybe you should take a reddit break for a couple of days . 
  what the hell germany ? 
  even worse than us ... 
  this is what the far right has done for years . 
  and very succesful too . 
  remember , it ca n't be racism if the victim is muslim . 
  i bet you also forgot that the other commenters here , who think the evil russians can start wwiii any time now , are military experts as well . 
  ugh , i forgot i was on / r/europe for a second . 
  i think this is a wise decision with the current german remilitarisation . 
  i do n't always understand spoken dutch either . 
  as long as they keep it to general civilised dutch there is no problem of course , but i always have trouble with obscure dialects such as flemish and frisian . 
  is it election time in lithuania or does he point to the foreign threat for fun ? 
  implying the eu cared about the environment in the first place . 
  poverty is at record height in germany , but investing in the weapon industry is more important to the christian democrats . 
  i 'm not sure if i understand what you 're saying . 
  is the civil union called \u201e homo-ehe '' and it has the same rules as a \u201e hetero-ehe '' ? 
  what 's exactly the difference then ? 
  europe wants something liberal = we are stuck with it forever wether we like it or not . 
  europe wants something left-wing = we may only do it if everybody agrees on it for at least a decade . 
  and this is exactly why i hate the eu . 
  yes , the right sektor is a fascist movement that 's fighting in eastern ukra\u00efne . 
  the ukra\u00efnian government even released right sektor members from prison so they could go fight . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/08/17/right-sector-will-not-march-on-kyiv-withdraws-ultimatum/ ) is a link for the disbelievers . 
  b-b-but muh right to hate speech . 
  meanwhile a dutch politician was fined for calling a racist a racist on twitter and both posts of mine were downvoted out of sight within 15 minutes . 
  a local politician called a fellow politician racist on twitter . 
  he originally got no punishment , but the government decided to take it to a higher court . 
  guns do n't kill people , toddlers do . 
  wow i thought the dutch media were bad but this article takes it to a whole new level . 
  he does n't give unconditional support to israel . 
  how bad of them that they talk with extemists . 
  everybody knows you should ignore your problems until they go away . 
  you know the actual nazis had more than 1/3 right ? 
  now i 'm curious what it 's like as well . 
  i do n't know how to translate it then , but the dutch terminology is n't ambiguous . 
  it 's a standard definition in dutch . 
  in the report it says that , for language , 55 % is native dutch , 39 % is first generation immigrant , and 6 % is second generation immigrant ( meaning that they 're born in the netherlands , but at least one of their parents was not ) . 
  for the arithmetic test , the first generation immigrants scored a little bit better . 
  the dutch article mentions that the ministery only counts half as many people because they exclude people over the age of 65 and people who ca n't do basic arithmetic . 
  i think children of immigrant background are indeed overrepresented . 
  we have two large minorities , turks and moroccans , and they generally speak fluent dutch , but if you test for sayings and grammatical subtleties they probably still score worse . 
  it means they ca n't pass the final exam of high school even on the lowest level . 
  native dutch means that both your parents were born in the netherlands . 
  it was clear that it was intentional , they just did n't know who did it . 
  but people call it an accident regardless . 
  the mh17 crash in oekra\u00efne was called an accident or a disaster all the time and no-one cared . 
  why is this news ? 
  because she did n't call it a disaster ? 
  this word policing is just getting ridiculous . 
  i ca n't wait until this `` ahhaha look at me erdohan fucks goats i 'm so hilarious rofl '' hype is over and we can get normal comedy again . 
  many people in favour of the agreement did n't vote because they were hoping the turnout would be lower than 30 % . 
  in that case the referendum would have been invalid . 
  but socialist is in the name !,
