  in my area , with all the subsidies and tax reduction combined , it 's economically very good to have solar panels , but most people do n't want them anyways because it 'd look green . 
  some people believe that groups that disagree with them agree with each other . 
  pretty stupid , but it 's a necessary result of one-dimensional thinking . 
  did i ever say the latter ? 
  are you saying there 's no need because there are enough houses already ? 
  not that amazing ; people who never see immigrants can more easily believe in all the crap that 's written about them in the media . 
  finally . 
  europe is full of empty buildings , yet we let people sleep in the streets because the capital rather leaves its buildings empty and unused . 
  it 's complete lunacy . 
  he prolly means that are still jobs left even though everybody already works . 
  as long as these five countries can just veto anything they do n't like , the un will remain the joke it is . 
  haha , well , you understood some of it . 
  ^ \\ ^ ^ i 'll try to improve your translation , but i do n't fully understand it all ( and i do n't actually speak german ) . 
  the archaic spelling does n't really help either . 
  for example , * oirsaken * is pronounced like * oorzaken * , i.e. 
  the oi is a long o. 
  ( `` erzaehlweise '' from context ? ), 
  billichlick ( mit recht ) and overmits are very archaic ; toen = als ; voorouders = ureltern . 
  are you able to read [ this ] ( http://adcs.home.xs4all.nl/stevin/begin/vytspraeck.html ) ? 
  it 's from a dutch book published in 1586 . 
  maybe they should n't 've voted for hitler then . 
  aee you serious or sarcastic ? 
  really the only kind of leftwingerd i 've ever met who oppose nato expansion are those who think that parking an army on russia 's border will sooner lead to war . 
  it all depends on the kind of poles , really . 
  if you already have a lot of north poles , you probably prefer south poles over north poles . 
  if , however , you have a lot of south poles , you probably want north poles instead . 
  a gun used for shooting , of course . 
  though they may be used for intimidation as well . 
  really / r/europe ?!, 
  after hating immigrants we are now discussing how one could best buy a fucking shooting gun ? 
  this is not okay . 
  how many asylum seekers are there in europe ? 
  a million ? 
  even if they had a lower crime rate than the average dutchman you could fill the newspapers to the brink with such stories every single day . 
  have you tried the tabloits ? 
  uh , i never noticed the s and the z are swapped around in english . 
  exactly . 
  finally someone who gets it . 
  thank you . 
  of course , no right can be absolute because there can be a conflict between them . 
  in this case , you also have a right not to be a slave , which i think is way more important . 
  the difference is that freedom of religion is more important than clothing rules , but not more important than the right not to be slave . 
  no you ca n't . 
  not in countries that have freedom of religion . 
  do you really think a $ 30.000 fine is appropriate for following your religion ? 
  in the netherlands we have a nice mix of `` we really were n't bad by empire standards '' and `` oh hey but he does n't count because even his fellows thought he was too extreme '' . 
  what do you mean ? 
  well i do n't want politicians in power who accept racism . 
  if you think the word racist is insulting then maybe you should reconsider your racism . 
  racism should be called out even if racists do n't like it . 
  he was talking about the moroccan-dutch minority . 
  because the conservatives have been in power for ages . 
  it is n't going to change anytime soon . 
  ancilla . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  their faction leader is a fetish porn star who changed her legal name to the latin word for slavess . 
  how would you say no in britain then ? 
  ah france , where the government owns the public space . 
  well , if she gets elected i can only hope the french enjoy their official state culture . 
  i tried a few and most have a recommendation . 
  why are so many countries missing ? 
  and you did n't even hear him talk . 
  it 's really cheap so i think it 's just people who are curious . 
  good , democracy is only a nuisance . 
  may knows it better than the democratically elected representatives anyway . 
  but harry potter is n't literature . 
  would n't this be opposed to eu law ? 
  an expat is just a rich immigrant who only speaks english . 
  the title may say what 's on the tin , but the / r/europe userbase was still able to be mislead . 
  do n't worry , you can still visit belgium . 
  i read the telegraaf a week before the previous national elections ( i found it in the train i swear ) , and there was a full page article how we should watch out for the labour party because they wanted to invest in education , `` just like the nazis and the communists '' . 
  i 'm surprised everyone seems to think this might be illegal . 
  `` buy one thing , get discount on another thing '' is extremely common in the netherlands . 
  in the netherlands we are n't allowed to protest in the first place . 
  unless you get a licence of course . 
  they want to perform their song but they have no public , so they close the road with a sign and stop the first passer-by ( coincidentally a bus full of children ) . 
  then they sing their song called `` really not honestly not , i did n't do it , it 's not what it looks like it happened by accident '' . 
  yeah , using tear gas to break up protests is regular policy in france , so there 's nothing to worry about . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdlivkboize ), 
  do n't worry , by 2028 we will postpone it by another ten years . 
       funny to see how an attack committed by a single muslim is always an isolated act from a unstable man by default unless isis or something else claims responsibility yet this one is definitely xenophobic without a single proof behind this claim . 
  ahh , i see you live in reverse-europe . 
  how 's the weather there ? 
  they actually said that they do n't feel sorry for these people getting punished over a lift and a bunch of biscuits because in it 's against the law . 
  that 's what i replied to in the first place . 
  i understand why you do n't see the logic if that 's your impression . 
  the people i 've been discussing with have this mentality that something is bad purely because it is illegal . 
  in this case they think it is bad to give someone a lift and biscuits because the danish state forbids it . 
  i would n't know any better name for that than authoritarianism . 
  yeah , people who think some of your beliefs are authoritarian should be removed from this subreddit . 
  you literally are too lazy to read my comments right ? 
  one more try , i wrote : \u201e * if an authoritarian government makes immoral laws , breaking the law is the right thing to do . 
  and then he replied that `` of course it 's illegal '' . 
  uhm ... you might want to read my comment before you reply . 
  yes , in the netherlands there is a minority for criminalising undocumented immigrants . 
  and in denmark , it is not only official policy , the dane i 'm currently talking to ca n't even imagine a less repressive government . 
  clearly there is a large difference . 
  entering a country without government permission does n't make you a criminal . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  do you think you are a criminal for running a red light ?
