  most of the time i see these stories about ` censorship ' in universities , that somehow make it to the international news , it just means a student union decided not to invite someone . 
  it the netherlands it has put old people on welfare for two more years . 
  pretty sad if those two years means you have to sell your house . 
  can we chance it to nedderland while we 're at it ? 
  there is eu funding for that ? 
  who woyld want a door that opens outwards ? 
  it must be awkward asking your visitors to step back when opening the door . 
  of course , saying mean things on twitter that jamieusa does n't like is literally worse than all of that . 
  i 'm pretty sure sleep deprivation is a form of torture . 
  remember , it may never touch the ground . 
  wow , amazing . 
  i 'm going to try it tomorrow !, 
  really ? 
  i thought that british conservatives were anglican , not catholic . 
  was it in a hospital again ? 
  it means your employer is not to decide what is permitted . 
  `` i migrated because i hate migration . '', 
  so , in every country , the majority supports it ? 
  yeah right , merkel a traitor to her people . 
  if you truly believe that these far-right retorics will one day be commonplace , you are deluded . 
  i can form my opinion regardless what my fellow countrymen do to the environment , thank you very much . 
  despite their economic growth they still find time to veto the environment . 
  really ? 
  reformation is liberal now ? 
  he is no criminal , he 's being kicked out of the country he was born and raised in simply for being politically incorrect . 
  well , he is right . 
  i know the right-wing has trouble accepting it nowadays , but there 's this thing called freedom of speech . 
  the government is not to punish people over their opinions . 
  no , sordak was right . 
  it was named after geldern because it was owned by the hertog ( herzog ) of geldern . 
  in the netherlands , we have the province of gelderland , but the city of geldern is in germany . 
  no , it is wrong . 
  because people read the headline and hoped it was a muslim . 
  i was being cynical . 
  of course the top comment woulf wish them dead . 
  a terrorist is simply a muslim who breaks a law . 
  what do you mean ? 
  well , i believe media regulation is undemocratic , but whatever . 
  the point is that all eu countries ' leaders are voted into power , so they definitely do have authorisation . 
  wether they do things orban dislikes or not . 
  how did the right-wing win if they have no majority ? 
  no , he is wrong . 
  literally every eu country is a demoracy . 
  edit : except for hungary maybe , with its lack of press freedom . 
  do you think the post service should be allowed to deliver your mail faster or slower depending on the letter 's content ? 
  whom do you think to plan to colonise austalia ? 
  journalist : `` you chose to say islamic , but you could 've said non-white . 
  you are a racist . '', 
  geert wilders : `` no no no , not at all . 
  how * dare * you say that ? 
  i mean , i 'm talking about non-western immigrants , but to be honest - if you look at the figures - 90 % of the non-western immigrants in the netherlands - and this is different from the uk - are from islamic countries . 
  so it 's almost the same group . '', 
  i kinda dislike it , actually . 
  in the netherlands , a mutual friend of two people at some point announces that they have been a couple for a few months , and then everybody accepts that as a fact . 
  i 'll tell you as soon as i find out . 
  how many children can outrun a 20-something man though ? 
  i find it baffling that redditors are constantly hating feminism for being ( supposedly ) anti-male ; but whenever there 's a post about male immigrants , everybody sees men as the big troublemakers . 
  because it 's another political thread , even though the op is not an opinion . 
  there really is no conspiracy here , let alone censorship . 
  and then to think everybody was celebrating when we discovered that our same sex marriages are also valid in other countries . 
  `` one literally can not like tolerance and dislike intolerance at the same time . '', 
  - / r/europe , 20-10-2015 . 
  the article below the title gives some more info . 
  god , this subreddit is going full r/conspiracy . 
  seriously , what are the lot of you even trying to say ? 
  that ( i ) the powers that be are trying to divide the working class and that ( ii ) the immigrants will lower our wages ? 
  apart from the fact that wages decrease only by a negligable amount , if at all , it is ridiculous to believe both statements . 
  i did n't actually meet any recent refugees . 
  but the nearest camp is about 5 km away from here , so it was n't really expected . 
  honestly , the rise of the far-right is somewhat worrying . 
  these anti-immigration nutters * will * use violence when they finally realise they ca n't get their way democratically . 
  though terrible , violence is not a new danger . 
  in other news : `` immigrants are a threat to our wealth . 
  the same happened with dutch christians . 
  i 'm not sure why , but i hope it 's just because the sane ones are leaving rather than becoming insane . 
  finally some good news . 
  how so ? 
  because they voice their opposition to these racists ? 
  ah , that 's true . 
  but that only works in a two or three party system . 
  it 's not so easy to tell in a 10 + party system . 
  the original article states that the pegida demonstration was violent from the very beginning , and that the counterdemonstration was peaceful . 
  just as expected , really . 
  it is very unfortunate , but in the netherlands we do not have the right to protest . 
  one has to ask for permission in advance , and if the government just so happens to grant it , the government will also decide where and when . 
  usually somewhere remote . 
  in the netherlands we have no such region , as the national election take place at the national level , such that every person 's vote has the same weight . 
  damn antidemocratic pc politicians do n't even change their opinion after an internet poll of some clickbait newspaper disagrees with them . 
  is nederland ... ... racistisch ... vol i think we 've found the answer . 
  if spain is in europe , how come they speak mexican ? 
  `` if you do n't like ttip you hate free trade . '', 
  well , they already legalised prostitution with the same reasoning . 
  until 2012 , the netherlands had anti-blasfemy laws as well . 
  and we can still be punished for insulting the monarch . 
  they 're red yellow waterlily leaves . 
  i do n't understand why anglo-saxon countries are so hysterical . 
  it 's so obviously ironical even a lawyer should notice . 
  frans timmermans has announced that the data transfers will continue anyways . 
  is n't it more than a year until the next election ? 
  we need solar energy not because it 's cheaper but because it 's less polluting .
