  edit : lol , i 'm at -3 in 5 minutes . 
  what , the left is intolerant for not liking all the racism and anti-immigration sentiment ? 
  how does that even work in your head . 
  why 'd you think the front page is full of immigration stories ? 
  because people are downvoting everything else . 
  does the german word `` neger '' carry as much disdain as the dutch word `` neger '' ? 
  they had trouble finding funding because they needed 50 % more than they had anticipated , not because of ` people like me ' . 
  yeah , they 'd better do some side experiments , otherwise those $ 10.000.000.000 would 've been a complete waste . 
  wow , until now i never realised that heidelberg is an actual place . 
  seems like a nice city . 
  by the time this becomes usable , if ever , it 's way too late to matter . 
  we 'd better focus our resources on renewable energy . 
  i think $ 6.000 a year or so . 
  it should be noted that five of these parties emerged after people split off from their main party due to disagreement . 
  the liberal party wants to restrict that too , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  quick translation of the first two paragrafs : * there should be a high election threshold to keep small parties out of the parliament , healthcare minister edith schippers ( liberal party ) says . 
  she is worried about the accountability of the netherlands , and wants to reduce unhealthy fragmentation . 
  * * schippers : \u201e we currently have sixteen parties in the house of representatives , all of which talk about every subject . 
  if you want to do something , you first have to push it through the coalition [ the governing parties ] , then make a compromise with five or six other parties to get it through the senate . 
  and then we have the new referendum law . 
  difficult decisions are becoming increasingly difficult . '' *, 
  how so ? 
  in the netherlands you used to get a salary , but they 're currently changing that so that you have to take a loan and pay the university for the privilege . 
  did you just capitalise half a letter ? 
  in the netherlands , they do n't even teach swimming anymore . 
  if by that you mean that i do n't want to read about refugees and far-right violence all day , you are right . 
  that 's not true at all , many people liked them . 
  and the loudest complainants are subscribed to / r/european anyways , so they could always talk about migration over there . 
  this subreddit was a lot more enjoyable when we had those megathreads . 
  cool , please report back when it 's five sigma . 
  just another confirmation that i 'm not going to vote labour anytime soon . 
  so some people strongly dislike zwarte piet . 
  i do n't understand why the dutch cling to his blackness like this . 
  if it 's so insignificant , and if it 's not a black stereotype at all ( all co\u00efncidence heh ) , then why oppose a change ? 
  it 's not like if the children will care . 
  besides , he already lost his surinamese accent , so why not this . 
  the dutch may have been tolerant at one point , but today , it 's certainly not the case . 
  there 's lots of discrimination and racism going on , and anybody who dares to talk about it is branded politically correct . 
  i like it that the guardian keeps its head cool . 
  i wished more newspapers were like that . 
  the nazis actually delayed the plans to build roads . 
  ugh , when they ca n't get what they want the regular way , they want to try it with a referendum , hoping that most people wo n't bother to vote . 
  it 's no different in the netherlands, 
  check out [ this post ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/3es7an/mass_user_tagger_use_to_tag_reactionaries_in_res/ ) if you want it too . 
  was this symbol ever used by people other than neonazis ? 
  [ french youth cleans a cave with prehistoric wall paintings . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1992/03/22/world/french-youths-clean-a-cave-and-damage-prehistoric-art.html ), 
  how could they pay for it if they just arrived ? 
  i 'm sure they 'd be happy if they could a job on arrival , but it 's not going to happen . 
  betraying the usa is often the best thing you can do . 
  while i 'm usually in favour of a much bigger right to protest than we have in the netherlands , i still think it 's a good idea to ban hate mobs in order to protect the refugees . 
  how is it a legal protest if it 's been banned ? 
   most people do n't really realize that they have linux ;'), 
  if you had asked me ten years ago , i would never have expected that high ranking politicians would * actually * compare refugees to a flood . 
  woah , that 's not a knife , but a dagger . 
  well , apparantly not . 
  though a lot of people will probably come to senses in an actual election . 
  because the time that we put people in a concentration camp is over . 
  hey , your opinion is making me even more extreme !, 
  how about you copy my ideas in order to keep me calm ? 
  something in the look on that boy 's face reminds me of poetin . 
  so you 're saying they 're actually moderating this sub ? 
  thank god , then there 's still hope . 
  like if appeasement will ever stop them . 
  ` criminals ', 
  really , just read some newspapers if you do n't believe it . 
  the media in the netherlands are really far to the right . 
  even the former left-wing newspapers and such have moved to the right . 
  * in the netherlands , all the media , even the so-called quality press , hate moroccans . 
  * none of them takes the socialist party seriously ; their plans are usually shrugged off simply for being theirs , and they are even equated tot he pvv . 
  * in international matters , the dutch press always sides with the dutch government . 
  * they never ask any critical questions to politicians because they 're afraid said politician would n't want to talk to them anymore . 
  if you 're refering to wilder 's ` polenmeldpunt ' ( poles hotline ) , that was heavily criticised , not only by left-wingers , but also by liberals . 
  i do n't even understand why they would want to mention it in the first place , considering it is only seldom relevant . 
  i wished dutch newspapers would stop it , too , but unfortunately , the national media seem to enjoy stigmatising minorities . 
  this basically means that they will give welfare benefits to rich people as well , does n't it ? 
  seems rather expensive and unproductive . 
  yeah , in the polls . 
  many people pick the most extreme option if it 's a meaningless poll . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  in the netherlands a large mosque was recently voted out . 
  an empty terrain was supposed to used by the mosque , a school , and a daycare centre , all three of which had been looking for a location for over 10 years . 
  the liberal party , the christian-democrats , and the christian union voted against because they wanted to observe the separation of state and church , and the calvinist party voted against because muslims do n't recognise jesus christ as the son of lord . 
  it is n't moderated , it is extremed . 
  i do n't want to talk about immigration with people who think that far-right violence is warranted . 
  you may not like it , but not_swedish_spy says what many of us think . 
  at least he wo n't be silenced out of fear of being called politically correct . 
  we legalised prostitution in the netherlands and trafficking only got worse after . 
  true , estimates about the number of unwilling women in prostitution vary widely , but when all the guesses are between 20 % and 80 % , i think it 's time to actually do something . 
  really ? 
  i would like to see the definition of authoritarianism then . 
  opposing human trafficking is so authoritarian . 
  i tried it for a full minute and then i read your comment . 
  :( could you upload it to some sound website so i can hear how it 's supposed to sound ? 
  i take it that the \u00e5 is pronounced like aa then ? 
  of course it will be a more difficult problem . 
  with the greek debt crisis we could just leave them to their own fate , now we actually have to do something . 
  i suggest we start to build some more houses already . 
  now that / r/europe is anti-immigration terrain again , are there any europe-related subreddits that are moderated ? 
  let me just leave [ this ] ( http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/i0000letuex2drni/s/860/860/drinking-giraffe.jpg ) here .
