  no , do n't think so . 
  heh , if only * that * were true ... 
  i think the word anti-semitism should n't be used for anti-zionism . 
  yes , that 's what i wrote . 
  here in the netherlands it is exactly the other way around . 
  whenever a crime is commited by an immigrant , it is written in the newspapers ( and it makes it to the national newspapers/television ) , but when a crime is not commited by an immigrant , nothing is said about it . 
  i remember a couple of months ago , on the television they told about a robbery somewhere . 
  the only reason it was mentioned was , that it was commited by an immigrant . 
  because , at the same time , the local snack bar was robbed by four men with a gun , who threatened to shoot the owner 's baby . 
  they were filmed by several cameras , but the televion program prefered not to mention it anyways . 
  i saw the story on a local newspaper 's website . 
  nationality was never mentioned , and in the comments , people wrote that the four tall men with local accents were actually immigrants faking those accents , in order to blame ` real ' dutch people . 
  same for other stories . 
  when immigrants bully gay people out of their home , it makes it to the national newspapers for weeks and the major is criticized heavily , but when non-immigrants do exactly the same in a neighbouring city , it gets two lines on page 5 of the newspaper . 
  and people are stupid . 
  incredibly stupid . 
  fucking racists everywhere who assume that newspapers do it the other way around . 
  like , a couple of weeks ago there was a news story about a guy who robbed a bus with a knife . 
  in the comments , people wrote how the media were hiding his ` true nationality ' from us by not mentioning a thing about it . 
  however , two hours earlier the newspaper had already written an article about it which mentioned he was not an immigrant . 
  in the meantime , the dutch racist party gets about 10 % of the votes . 
  thanks, 
  good they were caught and punished . 
  `` culture is not just another product . '', 
  i can only agree with that . 
  please explain what you said . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i remembered i had read such a thing . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/03/23/us-eurozone-greece-warships-analysis-idustre62m1q520100323 ) confirms it . 
  implying the danish are beasts . 
  greece is pretty high up the recievers ' list . 
  i think it 's because they were forced to buy arms as a part of the deal a couple of years ago . 
  in the netherlands , texting while driving is not outlawed , but rather holding a phone while driving . 
  not because holding a phone is bad , but because the texting itself is too hard to prove . 
  maybe the new law against bestiality is there for a similar reason . 
  edit : or do swedish officials state otherwise ? 
  i could n't find it in the article . 
  maybe the journalists did n't bother to mention such details . 
  you do reailze that you ca n't have sex with advice dog anymore , do n't you ? 
  i 've been told it are meme arrows . 
  it 's a bit unclear under present jurisdiction . 
  let 's make a new law to address it . 
  ten years ago , the dutch government made pedosexuality illegal , last week the russian government made homosexuality illegal , and now the swedish government makes bestiality illegal . 
  i think i see a trend here . 
  i just write all my mails in morse code . 
  sure , it can be decrypted easily , but i guess automated checks will fail to do so . 
  man , i ca n't believe that even the swedes want to enforce their own , traditional form of sexuality . 
  who believes gl after halsema turned it into an opportunist party ? 
  the only reasonable alternative seems to be sp . 
  i 'm not just blaming the neoliberals in the vvd . 
  but they do take it a step further . 
  we ca n't even trust the traditional post anymore , since the postal sector has been privatized . 
  heh , i did this years ago . 
  when i was like 10 years old , my friends and me would start every phone call with `` bommen terrorisme wapen aanslag etc. 
  etc. '', 
  just to fuck up their system . 
  i know a couple of reasons . 
  the vvd deliberately tries to get the racist vote with their new immigration policy , people vote for them for their conservative views on punishment and weapons , or just because they 're anti-leftist . 
  i 've met several people who vote for the vvd just to block any environmental policy . 
  cultures are not static , they can change . 
  western europe used to be anti-gay , but we 're changing it for the better . 
  eastern europe can do the same . 
  just get new immigrants . 
  they 're born every year . 
  in the netherlands we do this . 
  in order to gain asylum , people need to prove they 're gay . 
  but they ca n't come out of the closet , because the guys in the refuge center would beat them up . 
  yeah the neoliberals in the vvd are horrible ( as always ) . 
  they even wanted to make encrypting data illegal . 
  yes . 
  edit : the telegraaf is not exactly the best newspaper , so i guess we should wait for some more news . 
  but i 'm afraid they 're correct . 
  i 'm glad it 's in the newspapers now , because ten years ago , people called me a conspiracy theorist . 
  it must be done in order to counter pedophiles . 
  i honestly do n't get why this is news . 
  i thought it was known for decades ... 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying right now . 
  the dutch court ca n't rule laws unconstitutional . 
  or are you talking about germany ? 
  do n't you mean ` sitting while pissing ' ? 
  what 's wrong with that . 
  have you tried it ? 
  did it work ? 
  not everyone in austria has a pet kangaroo . 
  could i borrow your culture minister for a while ? 
  i do n't think it 's discrimination if you force both men and women to wear skirts . 
  however , it could be argued that it makes men far less likely to apply for the job , so it would lead to an unequal male/female ration . 
  feminism < --  white nationalism , and you still wonder why people question the analogy ? 
  yes , people are fine with it . 
  we celebrate the queen 's birthday every year , and celebrating things is fun , so the monarchy is fun . 
  we still do class justice . 
  thirty years ago it was even funnier . 
  princess beatrix ' father ( beatrix used to be our queen until a couple of months ago ) , who was a sa-member during the second world war , turned out to be a corrupt criminal . 
  he was never convicted of course . 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_bribery_scandals#netherlands not even mentioning normal laws do n't apply to the monarch and his family . 
  erwin l. was convicted for insulting the crown prince and his wife , and damaging the golden carriage . 
  it was considered an aggravated circumstance that erwin l. damaged their dignity in public . 
  other protestors are known to have been arrested , brought to a police station , and be released with an official apology . 
  this happened several times . 
  yes , that 's why they are all turning gay .
