  it 's sour and just generally disgusting . 
  well , without any effort is a bit of an overstatement . 
  they 'd have to have native french speakers to talk to their children regularly for the first ten years , and they 'd have to go back to the uk / the usa so the children can talk with some native english speakers other than the parents . 
  when i grew up , there were two deaf people living in my street . 
  their children were with school , sports clubs , or friends 2/3 of the time just to make sure they 'd be able to communicate properly . 
  i suppose learning two languages fluently , rather than semi-fluently ( !, 
  ) , takes a similar effort . 
  do you want your children to grow up bilingual ? 
  i think it depends more on the neighbourhood you live in than on the country . 
  for small children , it 's of course nice to live in an area with some playground and without big roads . 
  but you can find that in any country , i think . 
  i 've heard a lot of negative stories about public schools in the usa ( though i suppose you know more about it than me ) , so i 'd make sure there is a good one in your place or you can send them to a private school if you were to go to the usa . 
  would n't be my first choice though . 
  so ... germans do n't write like [ this ] ( http://i44.tinypic.com/2lx6uk2.jpg ) ? 
  you can message one of the mods and request the catalan flag ( they did n't upload all the flags yet because it 's a hell of a job ) . 
  i was asking if you used the word linked as a translation of ` aaneengeschreven ' , but i guess it 's a no . 
  oooh . 
  in dutch we just call them ` schrijfletters ' ( writing letters ) . 
  my z looks a bit different , and some capitals ( g , i , t , z , . . ) look different too . 
  but mostly it 's the same . 
  what is cursive ? 
  edit : i thought that label was exclusive to typed letters ? 
  how can a written letter be cursive ? 
  it was a secret until last june , when a previous prime minister admitted that we have 22 ( ! ), 
  american atomic bombs . 
  it 's undemocratic because it 's kept a secret , so we ca n't vote on it ( not even indirect ) . 
  and even now we know that they are there , we have no clue what the exact deal is we made with the us government . 
  we have some secret nuclear weapons in the netherlands . 
  it 's undemocratic and costs quite a bit of money , but i guess we do n't really have a choice . 
  in the netherlands , there are next to no feminists . 
  i guess it 's exactly as you 'd expect from a country in which two percent of the people still votes for a party that wants to abolish active voting rights for women ; women have meaningless part-time jobs and work in the kitchen . 
  because they were ` evolved ' into that or something . 
  anyways , if your girlfriend ever makes more money than you , prepare to be ridiculed and shamed for it . 
  corrupt and undemocratic . 
  and they are friends with all kinds of dictators . 
  they have no political ideals other than continuing to recieve money from the state and evade the taxes . 
  it helps that we have class justice in the netherlands , so they are n't subject to normal rules . 
  i think it 's likely the netherlands will win . 
  they have such a good team this year . 
  depends wether or not you 're a violent criminal . 
  considering he 's from belgium , he probably ca n't pronounce it correctly either . 
  nice scores . 
  i got 67 % as the maximum ( split 1 # by three parties ) . 
  pvda ( dutch social-democrats ) . 
  i 'd actually want a party a bit more to the left , but i guess pvda will do . 
  dutch libraries are locally funded . 
  we can request books from any library in the country and it will be sent to the local library as soon as it 's available . 
  about five years ago they renovated most of the libraries according to a new concept : every local library has the most lent books ( famous books and love stories ) , and less common books can be requested . 
  however , two to three years ago , the liberals and christian-democrats decided we do n't have enough money for all the libraries , so we closed more than half of them . 
  i 'd like to add that , even though the dutch are n't very formal ( usually ) , you should n't ask someone to show you his house ( other than the living room / toilet / kitchen ) . 
  you should let other people brag for you . 
  `` people often tell me i work very efficient . '', 
  `` my previous boss thought i was a very easy employee for him . '', 
  the netherlands are pretty bad , but it 's improving . 
  it 's already illegal to smoke inside at a workplace , so that 's that . 
  and our government actively hunts for weed farmers and smugglers . 
  yep . 
  it 's a relic from the time we still had the ` pillarization ' . 
  we used to have three pillars , protestants , catholics , and socialists , ( and maybe liberals too , but they were actually against the pillarization ) , that would live in segregation . 
  every pillar has its own schools , newspapers , hospitals , etc. 
  etc. , and only at the top ( that is , the politicians ) they 'd join together . 
  hence the metaphor . 
  some 96 years ago ( the netherlands were neutral during wwi ) we had what 's known as the * scholenstrijd * ( schools ' struggle ) . 
  the socialists decided to trade with the confessionals ( protestants + catholics ) : the schools for women 's voting rights . 
  it was obviously worth it at the time , but now we 're still stuck with the separated schools . 
  every small town has three primary schools , a protestant one , a catholic one , and a public one ( note that they 're all funded by the government , not just the public ones ) . 
  nowadays it 's of course a lot more secularized , and the religion or ideology of a school is n't that important anymore : i was sent to a catholic school even though my parents are socialists , and a friend of mine went to a public school even though his parents are protestant . 
  actually , there were only three things that i remember from my primary school 's catholic-ness . 
  we celebrated christmas and easter ; i had this one religious teacher who insisted on monday morning prayers and who thought sunday is the first day of the week ( i never understood this one , because it 's the first day because it 's god 's day because it 's his resting day because it 's the seventh day - wtf ? 
  ) ; and thirdly , because we used catholic history books . 
  and most schools are like that , really . 
  they are n't all that religious anymore , except for a couple of exceptions . 
  there are a couple of really religious calvinist schools out there , and some muslim schools too ( though not many because they 're fairly new in the netherlands ) . 
  another group of ` weird ' schools are schools that follow some kind of ideology , like jenaplan-education ( mixing children of different ages into a class ) , dalton-education ( freedom of choice + cooperation ) , montessori-education ( giving the children a lot of responsibility over their own education ) , or ` vrijescholen ' ( free schools , these are [ anthroposophic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anthroposophy ) ) . 
  i 'm not really fond of any of it . 
  the calvinist schools are homophobic , the muslim schools anti-semite , and the other schools i mentioned only work for the brightest and most curious children . 
  it 's way too common for a montessori-school child to get a 10 for history and 3 for all other subjects once they get into middle school . 
  and anthoposophy is fucking bullshit too , with all kinds of pseudo-scientific nonsense . 
  anyways , even the ` secular ' religious school still use their own history books , as i mentioned earlier . 
  it 's crazy how biased those are . 
  the protestant books are basically an ode to the hero prince maurits who liberated us from the spanish catholic oppressors , while the catholic books tell how maurits executed van oldenbarneveld , and how the monarchs started the persecution of catholics . 
  i personally have n't seen any socialist history books , but i can imagine they 're all about the industrialization . 
  sorry for the long post . 
  i actually think the usa are more liberal than europe . 
  it may be true that the liberals are currently breaking down what we had , such as cheap education and all , but in the usa they were against that in the first place . 
  anyways , i think political correctness does n't have anything to do with being liberal or leftwing , but just about how much you watch your language in order not to offend everybody . 
  i 've no idea if i can extrapolate my experiences on reddit to all of the usa ( probably not ) . 
  but sometimes i feel you can get away with believing in some warped race theory or with saying : '' * there 's a lot of violence due to the ` inner city gang culture ' , * '' but when you say `` hey do n't say that !, 
  negroes are people too , '' you are the biggest racist because ` negro ' is not a pc word . 
  uh , you may be unhappy about your separation of church and state , but i 'd be happy if we got it at your level here in the netherlands . 
  we still have religious schools and all . 
  nope . 
  it 's just that our supermarkets make their bread in the morning , and then sell it all day long . 
  at the end of the day , all the brown bread is sold out and there 's still white bread left , forcing me to eat white bread . 
  i was asking because it surprised me that all supermarkets where i 've been to , consistently over-estimate their white bread sales , and under-estimate their brown bread sales . 
  and white bread ? 
  would i still find white bread in the billa or the praterstern ? 
  is it possible to just import them from / r/europe ? 
  or do we all have to set another flair on here ? 
  driver 's licenses from an eu country or norway , zwitserland , lichtenstein , or iceland are valid in all those countries .
