  you can actually walk on the sea floor in friesland ( it 's called * wadlopen * ( pronounced wad-lopen ) ) , which is quite awesome . 
  another thing is the * openluchtmuseum * in arnhem , with lots of replicas of old buildings in the netherlands , ranging from a houses from the 1950s with furniture and tools many old people will recognize , to an old paper factory ( powered by a water mill , still working ) to a couple of prehistoric farms . 
  really nice . 
  they even have a [ tram ] ( http://www.bus-idee.nl/arnhemopenluchtmuseumtramterras.jpg ) and an ancient and outdated way of transporting electricity . 
  and for the germans , we have lots of sand on our beaches . 
  or to poland . 
  a well constructed and accurate argument . 
  i only got the ones that are on the risk board . 
  yeah , i totally did n't try to click the cross either . 
  in dutch it 's moldavi\u00eb , so i guess english is the exception here . 
  but then again , the dutch also say wit-rusland for belarus , so maybe we 're just always being weird . 
  and those three people speak like four different languages . 
  dae cutting off extremist websites of terrorist recruiters is [ le ] terally stalin ? 
  i disagree . 
  if you compare a full plane to a row of cars with just one passenger , over the same distance , the plane may be equal or even a little bit better . 
  however , there are often multiple people in the car ; the distance for the plane is higher because you 'd still have to drive to and from the airport ; and often , people do n't make a choice between going to turkey by car or by plane , but they make a choice between going to france by car or to india or indonesia by plane - the plane itself calls for longer distance travels , just because it 's possible . 
  such a portrait is indeed a little problematic when he becomes king . 
  i guess the danish will now have to go for a republic instead . 
  then what are you complaining ? 
  agreed . 
  i do n't know how it 's possible , but some men are despite some decades of experience still unable to piss in the toilet rather than on it , and it 's fucking disgusting . 
  he 's going to the oversees parts of the kingdom of the netherlands and to colombia . 
  fun fact : the highest point in the kingdom of the netherlands is on saba , and it is 877m high - more than twice as high as the highest place in the country of the netherlands . 
  how little they know ... 
  ` forced ', 
  ah , sorry , forgot about her indeed . 
  but then again , so did everybody else . 
  the decision makers ( deciders ? ), 
  in the hague . 
  the gypsies are * so * bad , they 're even to blame for the neo-nazis . 
  it 's all their fault . 
  yes . 
  it 's quite ironic that the vvd now claims the improving economy for itself , because they were mainly to blame for the fact we were still in recession in the first place . 
  they take many measurements that hurt the poor , but they ca n't allow themselves to do anything real , because it would lose them their votes . 
  they ca n't and do n't do anything against big corporates , and our housing market is crap because we have a subsidy that scales with the worth of the house ( the bigger , the more money you get from the government ) . 
  ** netherlands ** * the netherlands are finally out of the recession . 
  mark rutte : `` this is all because of the government 's policy , and mainly because of the vvd . '', 
  * our king is visiting the caribbean and colombia . 
  they got a full day for each municipality rather than half a day for a province , and he was escorted by our minister of internal affairs ( plasterk , labour ) , so i guess we 're going to trade with south-america some more . 
  though i 'm not sure , because the journalists were only talking about the king . 
  * we 're getting some more freight transport trains to germany in a couple of years , so we need a new railway . 
  there are two options : make a new railway through the eastern provinces and give them some stops so their businesses can profit from it too , or let the trains go through dozens of villages and only give them the noise . 
  of course they prefer the latter . 
  thanks , holland . 
  * what do you do when you ` need ' to push so many austerity measures you have to set some old people out of their house ? 
  exactly , you buy a couple of drones for $ 200.000.000 , -, 
  oh , so they did it because they want to have total control rather than to counter terrorism after all . 
  for some people it is . 
  especially if it 's not that far , it 's quite a big fraction of the total price and it will get people out of their car / train and into the plane . 
  not a good thing : flying is horrible for the environment , and this will only encourage people to make even more pointless vacations trips to the other side of the globe . 
  exactly . 
  the trade embargo against iraq during the 1990s killed like 200.000 young children . 
  but of course you never hear about that . 
  and that was even before the war . 
  : / edit : why am i being downvoted for this ? 
  but that is exactly what it means !, 
  being devoted to your country means that you honour it like a god , and having pride in your country * literally * means feeling better and more important . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i just checked it in a dictionary , and it seems to be just the same as in dutch . 
  here are the two pages : [ patriotism ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/patriotism ) - love for or devotion to one 's country , and [ nationalism ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/nationalism ) - a feeling that people have of being loyal to and proud of their country often with the belief that it is better and more important than other countries . 
  it 's like an extreme nationalist . 
  nationalists feel some misplaced loyalty to the country they happen to live in , and patriots take it to the extreme and are really in love with their own country , completely blind to anything that may imply that they are not the best . 
  edit : wups , i think i 've pissed off some patriotists here . 
   but it has gutted industries and workers ' rights in many countries . 
  like china ? 
  wow , i never realized how insignificant 9/11 is . 
  that puts a whole new perspective on the war on terrorism . 
  in the usa , liberals see the flag as a sign of racism ? 
  what makes me most angry is all the eu subsidies to support the overfishing . 
  hmm , yes , i think that 's true . 
  but most countries have a constitution that says that you ca n't punish one person harsher than the other for the same crime , so if you punish one person with prison , you ca n't punish the other with prison + excommunication . 
  do n't know if it applies to denmark though . 
  it must 've been before 10-12-1948 , because the universal declaration of human rights says you ca n't . 
  article 15 says everybody has a right to citizenship . 
  what 's wrong with lorin ? 
  or do you stress the first syllable ... 
  you ca n't excommunicate citizens of your country . 
  if we do n't go to romania , romania will come to us !, 
  the poor get poorer and people get larger debts . 
  i , too , would rather call them far-right nationalist racist lunatics , but because so many people object , i just go with populists instead . 
  jan linders , but i do n't know if i got the price from them . 
  i never consider buying bottled water , so i seldom look at its price . 
  $ 1,50 , and people buy it , too . 
  i really do n't get it ; it 's 2000 times as expensive as tap water , and people just buy it . 
  all you have to do is pump some water from the ground , and you can charge more than for beer . 
  edit : i have to say it 's only chaudfontaine . 
  there is some other water that 's even $ 2 , - ( in the v&d ) . 
  most of it is cheaper though , i think you could get if for as cheap as $ 0,15 , still 100 times as expensive as tap water . 
  oh , i did n't realize the toy magazine was issued by the government . 
  that makes it a bit odd indeed . 
   uproar over a boy in a toy magazine was playing with a small vacuum cleaner and a girl playing with a gun . 
  just like the debate in sweden with gender neutral toys - halleluja !, 
  people complain about that ? 
  what do they say ? 
  does n't it enforce traditional gender roles enough to their likings ? 
  let 's see : the pvv thinks black people have no place in our society , they think south-africa should n't have abolished its apartheid regime , they want to rob the moroccan-dutch and turkish-dutch minorities of their passive voting rights , they think our police should use a more violent approach against them , they want citizen-based militia to keep our streets ` safe ' , they think judges who do things they do n't agree with , such as giving a too low sentence to their linkings , should be fired , 13 year old moroccan-dutch children ( also known as moroccan scum or cunt moroccans ) who pour chocolate milk on a slide are considered * street terrorists * , they literally fly the nsb-flag ( the flag used by the dutch nazi party in the 1930s and during the war ) , and they visit the website * stormfront * . 
  sounds indeed like your average right-winger . 
  damn , those crazy leftist media are persecuting them hard . 
  did they really ? 
  i find it odd that the economist 's editors have such a strong opinion on this topic .
