  though with the current wave of liberalism , we may get to the point that families * need * two full-time incomes in order to survive . 
  there have never been more europeans than today . 
  it 's utter crap . 
  very small coverage , and if the topic is only slightly controversial , they 're only publishing propaganda worse than russia today . 
  if you live in the netherlands and are interested in foreign news , just read foreign newspapers . 
  de morgen is decent , and so are the mirror and the konkursverwalter . 
  did they finally admit it ? 
  nice . 
  i suppose they could n't deny it any longer after wikileaks and two ex-minister presidents revealed it . 
  hah , it 's no secret for our government , of course . 
  it 's only the people who are not to know . 
  it 's only the americans who secretly store nucleair weapons in the netherlands , yes . 
  fuck off immediately and take your nucleair weapons with you . 
  sounds like bullshit to me . 
  i 'm only 1,87 m and i 'm definitely not much shorter than the average . 
   and not a woman among them right , have you even looked at the photograph ? 
  all right , maybe it was not the best example . 
  but the polish tanks and americans on the polish-ukrainian border then ? 
  are they evil bloodthirsty enemies too , just like russians ? 
  my point is , that it 's not a wierd reaction at all to have extra manpower at the border when the people right on the other side are in armed conflict . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i do n't need a un or eu statement . 
  i 'm perfectly able to think for myself . 
  i did n't ( yet ) say they should n't use their army against these ` terrorists ' . 
  i was only argu\u00efng that it * is * a civil war . 
  in case anyone is wondering : other countries also have their army on the border . 
  and poland even has american troops on their border . 
  there is nothing wierd about it . 
  but of course , pro-west = angel and everything you do is noble , pro-russian = enemy and everything you do is evil . 
  oh and it is impossible to have a more nuanced view , because that means you 're an evil enemy putin-apologist of some sort . 
  of course it is a civil war . 
  the new ukra\u00efnian government even uses its army to attack their enemies . 
  ** [ circlejerk intensifies ] **, 
  who was talking about violent psychopaths ? 
  i do n't think alpha023 is erdogan . 
  ugh , monarchists really are the same everywhere . 
  : / i wonder what drives people to defend their undemocratic institutions so agressively . 
  or maybe we can use latin names , like europa superior and europa inferior . 
  would n't it make more sense to ban it in religious schools , too ? 
  spain + exit = sexit, 
  the netherlands did n't score in the peacefullest category for access to weapons ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  it 's not against greece , they 're just much less rigourous than they seem to claim . 
  oh nice , so they can use whatsapp to use my phone 's microphone and camera to spy on me . 
  i 'm just glad we have trustworthy , non-biased news over here . 
  just leave your baseball cap , sunglasses , and chewing gum at home and you 'll be all right . 
   as a side note , hollande is france 's president . 
  i suppose you meant to say holland , which is actually only two provinces of the country of the netherlands . 
  til beating a teenager with the intent to murder over petty theft is justice according to reddit ... 
  i was just fantasizing about pushing an ice cream into someone 's face . 
  only 3 - 0 ? 
  what , you do n't believe it are facts that all those things kyrdra listed happened ? 
  so who can guarantee no-one can steal it now ? 
  who can guarentee no-one can steal it in 50 years , in 100 years , in 1.000 years ? 
  when a western bookshop sells propaganda books , it 's freedom of speech ; when a russian one does so , it 's the evil fascist russian enemies trying to rewrite history . 
  there 's a roma gang pickpocketing in dublin , therefore it 's ok to discriminate against gypsies . 
  so are you surprised russia sees the nato as an opponent ? 
  it 's not a myth [ if it 's true ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html ) . 
  edit : when world leaders give such treaties as a justification for what they do or what they want , it 's just an ad-hoc argument . 
  they do not actually care about the treaties at all . 
  a good example of this is the dutch foreigh minister timmermans . 
  when russia invaded the crimea , he opposed it ` because it 's illegal ' . 
  a few months earlier , however , when he wanted to invade syria , he said : `` what 's illegal can still be legitimate '' . 
  if nato wanted to expand into eastern europe , it should n't have agreed with russia not to do so . 
  but of course , such treaties have no worth until they can be used as an ad-hoc argument . 
  you must not have followed dutch politics much if you think that . 
  the netherlands have had immigrants ( first generation ) as minister , for example . 
  i also do n't think obama would be a good example for being the only non-xenophobic country . 
  not only does it not tell anything about other countries , but obama is also very nationalist , believing the usa to be the greatest of all etc. 
  i know right ? 
  i already asked my city council to sacrifice a giraffe , but they thought we can do it without of the gods ' help this year . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  new zealandish 3 . 
  singaporean what the hell ? 
  and then it thinks i am english . 
  our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  german 2 . 
  finnish 3 . 
  english, 
  in american english , the word football refers to hand-egg , so that 's why they say soccer instead . 
  the thread over at / r/soccer has 1200 comments within half an hour . 
  actually , he says - completely unironically - that the usa form the only non-xenophobic country ... how can such a lunatic be their vice president ? 
  it has . 
  this is nonsense . 
  there 's already more than enough food , it 's just being wasted . 
  no , what will really happen when gm crops are allowed is , some farmers will use them and get a short-term boost , while all the negative sides ( increased chance of making resistent diseases etc. ), 
  are for everybody . 
  this will urge other farmers to do the same , because they will go bankrupt if they do n't . 
  in the end , we are all stuck with the resistent diseases etc. 
  and no-one got any better . 
  because he has exposed crimes commited by the nsa . 
  i hope some of the dutch newspapers will go bankrupt , so there 's finally some space for a news agency that has actual quality . 
  what does it matter ? 
  the nato does n't respect those agreements anyways . 
  to be fair , if we 've learnt one thing from srebrenica , then it 's how it is pronounced . 
  it 's been our plan all that time . 
  first permit drugs , then infiltrate the german army . 
  suffocation ? 
  let 's assist the people who 're going to kill .
