  double standards . 
  ukraine is n't winning shit . 
  yes , they have replaced the oligarchs with other oligarchs , and they 're bombing the region that wants to leave , but even if they somehow were united again they 'll be dirt poor for the next two decades . 
  i wished they would finally close borssele , and go for green energy instead . 
  but there 's no chance with the liberals in power , who think wind energy is too noisy and ugly . 
  then why is it unfortunate ? 
  sounds like they need their money to buy solar panels , and have little left to waste on nuclear power . 
  tell me more . 
  it 's certainly no normal hobby to arm oneself to the teeth . 
  it looks like some kind of cult , like they 're laying there with their shooting guns . 
  or maybe some rehabilitation group for people who feel helpless after a trauma . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.omroepwest.nl/sites/default/files/imagecache/cp_main/files/images/2011/apr/politiebike.jpg ) is the regular dutch police vehicle . 
  jesus christ , what moves all these seemingly normal people to practice with shooting guns . 
  they ca n't all be criminals ... 
  is there a more reliable source on this ? 
  europe ? 
  google is removing those links , not europe . 
  not sanctioning someone is literally being his tame poodle . 
  no , but it would n't sound terrifying enough without the words sudden and secret in the title . 
   conspiracy nuts ( ... ) russia 's paid trolls . ;'), 
  saving this post in case the west complains in a month , that russia does n't send humanitarian assistance . 
  the protestants have someone to obey . 
  it 's a bit costly though , so i 'd prefer to have some sort of protestant pope ( one person for all the countries ) instead . 
  is it me , or is this subreddit getting worse every month ? 
  we do n't know if russia had a part in the mh17 crash . 
  we do not yet know if russia had a part in the mh17-crash , but we have already blamed them and punished them with these economic sanctions . 
  we did this in a try to trash their economy . 
  the russian lower and middle class will feel this the most ( and our own middle class will feel it , too ) , regardless what poetin does . 
  we do not even know yet what happened with the plane , the research is far from finished . 
  yet russia already got the blame and the sanctions ( or rather , the russian middle class who definitely had nothing to do with it ) . 
  i wonder why they rush it so fast . 
  right . 
  russia would n't have done this if we had n't come with sanctions first . 
  it 's funny that the politicians who always preach ` free market ' now ru\u00efn other people 's businesses for their political games . 
  i do n't think the netherlands will change . 
  we ca n't really build that tall . 
  i hope they can do it without provoking too many genocides . 
  this is clearly wrong . 
  i 've had over 92 dutch people in my hyves friend list . 
  please just go back to circlebroke . 
  well , my hope is on merkel . 
  the dutch ` quality ' media are , as always , extremely biased . 
  i think most other countries are better though . 
  i get that they sometimes post opinion articles against racism , and that people who equate gypsies to vermin , like you , do n't like that . 
  but it really is not a left-orientated website . 
  it 's just that you are very far to the right . 
  nope , it 's just the name of the website . 
  joop.nl is a website that 's funded by the public broadcasting . 
  it 's a mix of centrist opinion articles ( think labour and progressive neoliberals ) , news from the usa , and news articles such as the one i posted , that do n't get much attention in other media . 
  petrol is a liquid . 
   i think sweden is hard to compare since they mostly use electric . 
  i do n't know about london and brussels . 
  if you 've been found guilty of driving like a jackass , you get a blue one . 
  ah , do we have a new rule ? 
  i thought it was encouraged to put a short english summary in the title . 
  they 're working 14 hours a day and use shifts so they can post 24/7 . 
  i doubt the twitter and facebook accounts are all they have . 
  they 're working 14 hours a day to flood social media in order to tell people how bombing schools is self defence . 
  i think that are petrol prices , not gas prices . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.energievergelijk.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/gasprijzen-europa-1024x792.png ) is a table with gas prices in some capital cities . 
  hmm ? 
  norway will join the day the last fish in the north sea has been caught . 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody in the netherlands has ever heard of it . 
  oh do n't worry about that ; it 's equally hard to tell when i 'm talking . 
  what did you never say ? 
  lol what 're they going to do . 
  bomb europe too ? 
  the oath of hippocrates says doctors must keep the things they 've been told a secret . 
  it 's a huge infringement on the privacy if it is all sent to some secret service . 
  do british doctors not need to say the oath of hippocrates ? 
  they were allowed to stand on some field where nobody would see it , so two individuals chose to hold up a sign somewhere in the crowd . 
  then the police ` accidentally ' arrested them even though they knew perfectly well they were n't allowed to do so . 
  i 'm happy though , that our minister made sure that the american company , that stores all our medical information that 's available on an american server , promise , never to give it to the american government . 
  well duh , it 's what the americans put into their law . 
  in the meantime , netanjahu says that everybody who disagrees with the murder of palestinians just wants a second holocaust . 
  for some reason , people seem to take much less issue with that . 
  sixty years late , but better nate than lever . 
  good job , swedes . 
  it * is * fucking crazy . 
  there have already been voiced to simply ban protests against the dutch government 's stance on the slaughter of palestanis by israel . 
  it 's not new though . 
  people who protest against the monarchy are `` accidentaly '' arrested and released as soon as they have to . 
  let me see ; in your first comment you made it clear you can not comprehend someone would value a human who is also a muslim , and claimed that people only * pretend * to do so because they want to make isra\u00ebl look bad , implying it is n't actually bad what they 're doing ; then in your second comment you repeat this very same sentiment that people only * pretend * to care about palestinians because they want to make isra\u00ebl look bad ; and then in your third comment you literally wrote i should stop acting like if it 's isra\u00ebl 's fault what 's happening in gaza right now . 
  i did n't act like hamas is innocent . 
  what 's happening in this thread is , that you 're acting like isra\u00ebl is innocent . 
  so what did isra\u00ebl do recently ? 
  kill about 425 , injure 2.500 , and displace 61.000 . 
  something like that , right ? 
  oh yeah , it 's all irrational hate they 're getting . 
  it can not be anything other than anti-semitism , can it ? 
  it 's funny how you 're proving my point that murder is all right as long as the victims are muslim . 
  what are you rambling about ? 
  and in case you 're really wondering , the answer to your question is no , it 's not ` co\u00f6ol ' to deny the holocaust etc. 
  i do n't comprehend why you would think that . 
  i find it rather amusing that , whenever i see an american flair on r/europe , the comment is either racist , or calling europeans racist . 
  i 'm afraid i 've got to agree with the latter though . 
  you 're forgetting the golden rule : murder and even ethnic cleansing is all right as long as the victims are muslim . 
  why would i protest against that ? 
  my government already opposes it . 
  and now the rest of europe can spend a few years hearing how opposing bombing civilians equals being a looting anti-semite .
