  reminds me of the man who protested against the dutch monarchy . 
  he was first sent to a psychiatric hospital , but after appealing to higher court he got 5 months of jail and was released ( he 'd been on detention on remand for 22 months already ) . 
  pension consists of two types of income : aow ( which is a very low income given by the state ) and the pension from the pension fund you 're a member of . 
  at the moment , people have a right to recieve their pension at the age of 65 ( which will increase to 67 ) . 
  with that in mind , people have paid their money for a pension fund . 
  now , politicians decide to take away two years of pension money people have a right to , and instead put them on welfare benefits for two more years ( very few people actually work until 65 , and finding a new job when you 're over 60 is nearly impossible ) . 
  it 's because the dutch government consists of neo-liberals who do everything to serve big businesses ( what 's the proper translation for grootkapitaal ? ) . 
  the government forces pension funds to calculate their expectations in an overly negative way , as to raise support for pension cuts and age raises . 
  in a couple of years , it will become obvious that there 's more than enough money and then they will give tax cuts for large companies . 
  well , it is what you seem to say . 
  i did n't try to misrepresent your opinion , i was just wondering if you really meant to say : `` reddit is made up mostly of young students who either take drugs or know people who take drugs and are thus in a bubble outside of reality . '', 
  so , if i understand , you are not saying feminism is a bad thing , but it should be generalized into anti-conformism ? 
  as a side note , in the netherlands women get the children in almost any divorce , not because they are women but because judges think the children 's situation should be impacted minimally . 
  if the woman is the main tutor , she gets the children ( if she can ) , and if the man is the main tutor , he gets them . 
  in my case , if my parents were to divorce , my father ( as a houseman ) would get my younger brother . 
  men just seem discriminated against because there are so few housemen and so many housewomen . 
  if you know someone who takes drugs , you 're in a bubble outside of reality ? 
  that 's true . 
  it 's because the extremists on stormfront deliberately invade the reddit forums . 
  example : http://www.stormfront.org/forum/t705280/, 
  it must be done imo , in order to counter pedophiles . 
  think of the children !, 
  ooooh the extreme leftist provoked a fight , better kill him then . 
  edit : it was of course cynism . 
  holy shit , i did n't know this forum leans so much to the far-right . 
  it 's 100 % certain . 
  we used to have the greek/latin words , but then a 17th century flemish scientist called simon steven thought dutch is such a perfect language that adam and eve probably spoke dutch . 
  so he mude up some dutch equivalents . 
  the words fysica and chemie can still be used as synonyms , and the words historie and geografie exist too ( but can not be used for the subject ) . 
  edit : ( correction made ), 
  not all of the country is very pro-us , but parties like the vvd definately are . 
  they even copy american plans that are considered a failure over there . 
  it 's sure a long word , but it 's not like if you ca n't understand it . 
  i understood it after my third read and i hardly speak german . 
  i honestly can not see why it 's so confusing . 
  is it because they are all councils ? 
  or more importantly , how did berlusconi get votes ? 
  yes , it 's all true . 
  yes it is . 
  :-d i would avoid chewing gum too . 
  is it legal for british schools to skip the holocoust ? 
  i think the norwegian one is easy to identify as well . 
   uber drivers are independent contractors , not employees . 
  one surely has to be a lawyer to actually buy this kind of bullshit . 
  they 're just avoiding the minimum wage law . 
  welp , and i thought i were good for understanding flemish . 
  no , it 's just a single serie . 
  lol telegraph , you try so hard . 
  in the early 1990s , the netherlands hosted 50.000 joegoslavian refugees . 
  it did n't break us or destroy our culture at all . 
  and now the french believe they ca n't take more than 30.000 . 
  i wonder if this is purely for the votes or if they are actual doomthinkers . 
  where did you get the party classicifaction from ? 
  did you just look up all the parties to check their european affiliation ? 
  because the classification in your source is a load of bullshit . 
  it 's baffling how merkel is dragged through the mud . 
  cameron and hollande wanted to supply weapons to syria and they refuse to help alleviate the greek , italian , and hungarian situation . 
  yet when merkel actually proposes solutions she gets all the shit . 
  alde is centre-right . 
  it 's / r/europe that 's extreme , how can one be so delusional as not to see that ? 
  people on this subreddit celebrate hate and racism , and support violence . 
  half the regulars already left this cesspool and the mods are still unwilling to mod . 
  oh come on now , while it 's true that they usually are more progressive than the average redditor , it certainly is n't a left-wing subreddit . 
  let alone radical . 
  circlebroke is radical left now ? 
  seems like a good list , i suggest we take all of them . 
  but he did n't raise the alarm . 
  the local authorities chose to overreact , he could n't help it . 
  why would he have to pay for that ? 
  i do not agree with what they have to say , but i 'll defend to the death their right to say it . 
  ** the netherlands ** * a politician who was prosecuted over a racism accusation has been acquited . 
  i do n't know why the matter was n't dropped in the first place . 
  * geert wilders said that the parliament is fake and that it does n't represent the true will of the people , the rest was not amused . 
  * a 16 year old homeless boy made it to the international press after he tried to use the train without paying . 
  we do n't know much about him except that he was hyperventilating due to all the police presence when he was caught . 
  one of the policemen was taken to a hospital after being bitten by a police dog . 
  * my city gets about 3.000 refugees . 
  it 's pretty funny when you think about it . 
  there are countries in europe that think they ca n't what my local , municipal government can . 
  more like * pig rider * . 
   besides , the military are loyal to the monarch not the prime minister . 
  damn , i thought dutch monarchists were bad , but this is a whole new level . 
  i seriously do hope the brits see the danger in giving the liberals too much power . 
  holy shit , i would never have thought that an army in the western world could threaten our democracy again . 
  i hope they make some serious cuts very soon or they may go out of control ... 
  the dutch are never corrupt ; corruption is for southern europeans . 
  we only commit fraud . 
  if you were to flee , would you rather go to a prosperous country where people welcome you , or to a shithole where people cheer when their strong authoritarian leader lets the police spray tear gas on your fellows ' children ? 
  finish hospitality . 
  he 's using war rethoric ; he does n't speak truth but hate . 
  and he 's wrong . 
  solidarity is n't weakness and hate is n't strength . 
  jesus christ , he is even more of a lunatic than i thought . 
  what 's the advantage of the odf format over the pdf format ? 
  maybe they do n't work at 2 a.m. on saturdays . 
  it 's an overreaction . 
  of course he should 've paid , but this is just ridiculous . 
  ah , so we can finally arrest people for being etnic . 
  i 'm sure the liberals will be pleased with such efficiency . 
  wait a second , are you implying that the term * asian * refers to people from asia ?
