  i thought international migration was going up everywhere ? 
  i know it 's the case for the netherlands too . 
  every newspaper reported on this issue . 
  the hatred of the far-right extends to all who do not conform . 
   `` racism '' has nothing to do with it . 
  oh come on now , the vast majority of the racists uses `` but they 're muslim '' as an excuse . 
  what 's the fucking point ? 
  and sevastopol !, 
  god , i 'm fed up with this alarmist bullshit . 
  * of course * they form the new underclass . 
  who else would do so ? 
  did anybody believe they would form the new upperclass or something ? 
  good to see that the uk still has some solidarity left , but it does not solve the situation in calais . 
  they should n't wait until people are desperate enough to risk their life . 
  i 've never heard the `` french surrender monkey lol '' outside of reddit though . 
  ca n't you just move to another eu country for a few years ? 
  well , i can only hope the poles enjoy the official state culture . 
  the op is talking about the refugee crisis . 
  we do not have an open border policy for people outside the schengen zone . 
  but okay , the number of people who think that the catastrophes with sunken ships and such were bad is indeed greater than the number of far-right lunatics , but that hardly makes said far-right lunatics any less racist . 
  what catastrophe are you talking about ? 
  we 're doing great . 
  well , your language is incorrect then . 
  that they 're offended does not mean they 're right . 
  why do n't they just set up their own campaign instead of trying ot censor others ? 
  step up your game , spain . 
  it 's pretty easy to get one in the netherlands if you marry a crown prince . 
  `` windmills do n't run on wind , but on subsidies . '', 
  - minister-president mark rutte on arguments in favour of fossil fuels are , that windmills do n't look nice and that they make sound . 
  as for solar , i recently calculated that putting solar panels on my roof ( which i share with my neighbour ) , would be totally worth it , i.e. 
  that the investments would pay for itself in a few years , but my neighbour refused on the grounds that he did n't want to look green . 
  they were very effective at splitting up germany between all other european powers , but that probably was n't their intent . 
  did you just say his opinion is biased ? 
  he 's just trolling . 
  excutivemonkey always tries to provoke people and stir up shit . 
  it 's more like the waves rule brittania . 
  i do n't think it 's that risky . 
  the water is n't that high compared to the window . 
  it 's two years in the netherlands , age 5 and 6 . 
  it 's no longer enforced though . 
  the ministry of war was renamed to the ministry of defense back in 1959 though . 
  i never increased it in the first place . 
  i think the money we have to change away from fossil fuels can best be spent on renewable energy . 
  we should n't keep dumping money into temporary technology . 
  besides , with all the government assistance to ensure the safety , it would be unfair competition against renewable energy , slowing down the process even further . 
  there 's a bigger magnet at my university . 
  do you think 30 tesla will cut it ? 
  same for me , but i do n't always know the date either . 
  in the netherlands people just yell `` thanks ! '', 
  if they do n't exist at the front . 
  it 's common in the netherlands as well . 
  goes to show how insignificant the number of refugees really is . 
  and then they call it a crisis . 
  nope , sinterklaas , new year , and ww2 liberation celebration are all bigger . 
  potato and courgette , like every friday . 
  newspaper , lightbulb , landlord , mailman , staircase , birthday , ... 
  have you also got the original fragment with trump 's own voice ? 
  it was n't always like that . 
  pagans were persecuted for a long time . 
  i hope the netherlands follow soon . 
  not that they will though . 
  look at 1:05 and onwards , that must be terrifying . 
  is the end nigh again ? 
  `` why are the media so biased aganst nazis ??! '', 
  and it also means that 40 % wants less visibility for concerned islamcritical assaults on journalists . 
  i think it 's got more to do with these women 's trauma than with any rational fear . 
  noise , probably . 
  maybe those fields around ot are used by migrational birds to lay there eggs in or something . 
  how did you know my name ? 
  why would i buy a 7 km long motorway ? 
  i do n't even have a car . 
  i have to say that $ 600.000.000 , - for 7 km is a bit pricy . 
  they pump out 1.500.000 l water every day . 
  i did n't know about it either . 
  i 'm kinda hoping we 'll get flooded soon . 
  sums up [ my experience ] ( http://imgur.com/b3cspde ) with / r/europe . 
  i 'm sorry , that was my bad . 
  i wrote that in the thread about that because it was the case with other riots and some unnamed source claimed the rioters were again from outside , but it turns out 80-90 % actually lived there . 
  the research quoted in this article actually says the opposite : people who live in neighbourhoods with an azc are more supportive than those who live in a neighbourhood without an azc . 
  57 % upvoted , 
  we should cut all support to this fake democracy . 
  maybe he translated it to si units incorrectly . 
  i 'm 193 cm and never weigh more than 75 kg . 
  i have no idea how many ribs i have . 
  luxembourgish is even worse in my opinion . 
  they had to be punish them in order to save face , but it is still rather weak . 
  huh ? 
  are girls taught different topics from boys in the uk ? 
  i 'd be surprised if they did , because there already is an azc 12 min . 
  away from here . 
  that 's for all homes . 
  in the next sentence it says that the prices for housing right next to an azc actually dropped slightly less . 
  i just did . 
  i 'm sorry , but when i said `` hundreds of others '' , i was referring to the other protestors , not to the seventy policemen . 
  cool , and the hundreds of others ? 
  sure , here you go . 
  `` according to locals , the rioters did n't come from geldermalsen . '', 
  edit : lol @ instant downvote for providing a source . 
  really ? 
  according to the locals the rioters did n't live there .
