  i disagree . 
  i guess some people may find it attractive , just in the same way stupid girls are attractive . 
  and willem 2 , he counts too !, 
  i hope they wo n't yield . 
  do n't let them outlaw your voices , london students !, 
  by ` not punishable ' you mean not punishable by law . 
  the human traffickers can still punish them . 
  besides , how can you go to the police if you ca n't speak their language ? 
  and how do they know whom they can go to , and that they 'll not be punished by law ? 
  if you do n't speak dutch , you ca n't just look it up at rijksoverheid.nl . 
  forced prostitution is not a victimless crime : prostitutes are people too . 
  no and yes . 
  it 's a compilation of jokes about communism , consisting of all jokes about communism . 
   banning prostitution will not stop prostitution , but it will move a simple high profit risky industry underground resulting in criminal activity paired with ( gang ) violence , human trafficking and slavery . 
  because that is not already the case , right ? 
  i do n't know if you realize it , but many prostitutes in the netherlands are eastern europeans who do n't even speak our language and ca n't seek any help if they want to . 
  and of course banning prostitution will not stop prostitution . 
  banning rape , murder , and slavery did n't stop any of those crimes either . 
  but at least we can do something about it when we find out !, 
   also it should be the indiviuals right to choose wether or not to protitute themselves . 
  surely , the right not to be a prostitute is more important than the right to be a prostitute . 
  if like 30 % of the prostitutes is forced into it , then the remaining 70 % has bad luck but they will have to accept that the situation is unacceptable . 
  i wished they did this in the netherlands . 
  the police ca n't do anything if it 's legal . 
  stop the commercial rape !, 
  i actually read a dutch article on joop.nl , and then googled rt for an english source . 
  so , the only ` problem ' you see is that they finally want to stop nuclear powerplants ? 
  what are ` berlin-style ' greens ? 
  aww , do n't be ashamed . 
  :( next year you 'll do better . 
  wow . 
  i hope it does n't escalate too much and that the horse police will stop the brutality ... stay strong . 
  i 'm just afraid that , in 9 years , france , britain , and germany will team up against us again to celebrate the anniversary . 
  what are they demonstrating for ? 
  what the fuck are they trying ? 
  yay romania . 
  maybe the people who upvoted it come from the ukraine , and wonder what the people from kaliningrad have to say . 
  so is it in the netherlands , but that does n't make it correct . 
  in fact , i think many phrases are actually incorrect . 
  in any case , gypsies can not assimilate into the majority if that majority keeps pushing them back with their prejudice all the time . 
  your attitude only reinforces the segregation . 
  nonsense . 
  nobody is born as a criminal . 
  i expected racist comments . 
  i 'm not disappointed . 
  haha , did you really think that ? 
  what the ... he just equates croatians to nazis and kkk-members ... what the hell was he thinking ? 
  anyone other than a couple of people in a specific part of spain . 
  aww , these poor canadians are so persecuted by those hypocrite european meanies who disagree with the seal hunt . 
  nice . 
  ah well , we still have eleven provinces left that still have the money they got by selling the country . 
  nope , is not a slur . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wd-qla9toww ), 
  what ? 
  germany is a democracy , you know ... people can lobby all they want . 
  thanks . 
  so what 's wrong with that ? 
  yeah , at least in portugal , the right to be a prostitute is more important than the right not to be a prostitute . 
  really nice . 
  yeah , feminists are * so * hypocrite , they do n't even like human trafficking . 
  wether or not it 's racist to be inconsiderate . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised that so many people here think it is , since it 's * not done * to call the freedom party racist , even though they say horrible things rather than just be inconsiderate . 
  and before this , we were talking about a dead wolf . 
  he 's talking about security guards in shops . 
  i would n't know of any shops with security guards ... but maybe it 's more common in the randstad . 
  or maybe it 's people asking for his id when he 's buying alcohol ? 
  [ article in dutch . 
  after a large fire in a textile factory earlier this year , in which 1100 workers died , minister ploumen ( labour party , minister of foreign trade & development assistance ) discussed with major textile companies in the netherlands for a better work environment in bangladesh . 
  part of that was paying the workers a minimum of $ 50 , - a month . 
  some companies agreed ( c&a , hema , v&d ) , but wibra , coolcat , and prenatal did not . 
  in reaction to that , ploumen decided to take it to the press to put some pressure on these companies . 
  but it got hardly any attention , because we spent all week talking about how racist it is to make fun of an asian accent . 
  fun fact : the founder of coolcat , who is one of the 500 richest people in the netherlands , wrote ( a couple of months ago , my translation ) : `` i love money , but it 's not a goal . 
  it 's a tool . 
  money is a tool to succes , and to have a nice life . '', 
  and in reaction to ploumen , the current ceo of coolcat wrote ( again my translation ) : `` the minister is like a seagull : she shits on your head and flies away . '', 
  hey everybody !, 
  i do n't like gordon and his rude jokes !, 
  and it 's all very racist against asians !, 
  look how anti-racist i am !, 
  brb buying clothes at the wibra , coolcat , and prenatal . 
  i think the market had already anticipated on the change , because it was announced a while back . 
  our government constantly announces new austerity measures , without actually saying who will be the victim of it . 
  as a result , everybody is afraid it might be him , and saves up some money just to be sure . 
  and it 's not like rutte could n't 've known it , since he has been told so so often ... 
  it 's doubly ironical because he just patted himself on the back a while ago when he said that our economy was so good because of the genius vvd policies . 
  this is fucking scary . 
  we ca n't even talk on a forum anymore without self-censoring ... in 40 years we can get in troubles for what we write now ... 
  heh , maybe economy is a logical subject in the czech republic , but here in the netherlands , i 've given up on that a long time ago . 
  it just does n't make any sense . 
  yes , the rating agencies are horrible , but people still listen to them . 
  another example : when our government pays a lower rent on its debt , our pension funds have to cut the pensions . 
  if our government pays more on its debt , they can raise the pensions . 
  it does n't make any fucking sense , but it 's the reality . 
  we should care because people with a lot of money still care . 
  i 'm only surprised it took the liberals so long to trash the economy enough to lose it . 
  slightly longer than three full years . 
  just keep going on and spain will have a 47 million population-debt in 150 years . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gct7zkiadkkeh2hm7gsnb5p64fjikrkc5cjc5tm-s1ubizo2spgnha ),
