  if anyone should be able to handle so many languages it 's you . 
  it 's `` strict '' because the ` net neutrality ' regulation strictly abolished net neutrality . 
  the dutch left also lost the elections after the right-wing focused solely on identity politics . 
  i 'm afraid the left will also start to do it because apparantly it works and people want it . 
  do you actually think that le pen would make a good president or are you only supporting her to spite others ? 
  they 're angry that the labour party 's solidarity also extends to minorities . 
  yeah , not supporting a liberal is basically the same as being an actual fascist . 
  he 's saying he wants to vote for macron not because he supports macron , but because he thinks le pen is worse . 
  macron is making this decision more difficult by claiming the people who vote for him also support him . 
  you 're assuming a beer can is a cube . 
  is macron a social-democrat ? 
  that certainly does n't happen in every country . 
  the uk has 120 billionaires . 
  you would need three prime ministers for the weekly private meetings alone . 
  would you be happy to let a random billionaire have weekly meetings with your prime minister ? 
  yes , for not following the order to put down the sign , stop the protest , and go away . 
  then they are taken to the police station where they are released immediately with an insincere apology because they ca n't actually arrest you for your using your right to protest . 
  i totally agree with you , but i think it 's conpletely pointless to talk about republicanism with my fellow dutchmen . 
  republicans are arrested regularly just for protesting with a paper sign and everyone thinks it 's ok . 
  seriously ? 
  they stop the car regulations because german cars are so hopelessly outdated that they could n't possibly compete with the french car industry . 
  `` why should we close coal plants when poland has coal plants too ?! '', 
  - mark rutte , who won the election `` yeah fossil fuel pollutes the air , but wind turbines pollute our horizon , so what 's the difference really ? '', 
  - mark rutte , who won the previous elections `` wind turbines do n't run on wind , but on subsidies !, 
  ps if you want solar energy you should go to spain . '', 
  mark rutte , who won the elections before that . 
  could you imagine how many billions of euros they would have wasted if they had kept an up to date military ? 
  informed conservatives do exist . 
  i know it 's difficult to understand why , but it 's just a fact that they are there . 
  i doubt if german ( or dutch , for that matter ) turks know any of this . 
  i have read several news articles about this and your post is the first thing that goes beyond `` booo erdohan is a sultan now '' . 
  [ plan c ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/bakker_schut-plan.png ) happened . 
  click on ` other discussions ' at the top . 
  this article has also been posted to uncensorednews , europeannationalism , the_europe , theworldnews , nationalist , worldpolitics , europeanpeoples , euromigration , new_right , and islamunveiled . 
  le pen 's solidarity extends to * all * racially pure francophones . 
  international co\u00f6peration is considered unusual and worrying in france ? 
  the netherlands have a long history when it comes to democracy : when the dutch philosopher spinoza argued for democracy in the 17th century , he was the first enlightment philosopher to do so . 
  more and more people embraced the democratic ideal , with the optimum in the 70s , when the dutch labour party won the election with the slogan `` for the distribution of knowledge , power , and capital '' . 
  but those times are over for good . 
  just as i thought we got over the personal cult from the far right populist fortuijn , we got [ this ] ( http://www.joop.nl/politiek/detail/artikel/22819_boze_kiezer_wil_sterke_leider/ ) . 
  it is true . 
  the dutch have left the democratic ideal , and embrace the ideal of having a strong leader that can act firmly without democratic ` nonsense ' . 
  about 60 % of the people think we need a strong leader , and it 's even more than 70 % for 50 + women . 
  i hate my country so much right now . 
  on saturday , the russian dimplomat borodin has been arrested by the dutch police after complaints by neighbours about the way he treats his children ( 4 and 2 years old ) . 
  as he was found drunk and an immediate danger to his children , the police decided to arrest him and take him to the police station . 
  the arrest coincedes with a care accident the diplomat 's wife was involved in : she was driving drunk , and hit a parked car near their home . 
  the car is owned by the russian embassey . 
  borodin and the russian foreign ministry claim the arrest is against the vienna treaty , and that human rights have been violated . 
  as such , they demand an apology from the dutch government , and they demand the policemen will be prosecuted . 
  professor verene shepherd , leader of the un committee that investigates zwarte piet , says the committee is only going to check wether zwarte piet is actually black . 
  if this is the case , the dutch government should combat zwarte piet and the sinterklaas celebrations as a whole . 
  as a black person , she has to agree with the complaints , as black people do n't say : `` all white people look like this . '', 
  source : [ eenvandaag ] ( http://www.eenvandaag.nl/binnenland/47551/_zwarte_piet_terugkeer_naar_slavernij_en_moet_stoppen_ ) ( dutch website , but the interview is in english ), 
  ( `` facebook can , for example , become the most important communication platform for education and health care . '' ), 
  ( `` we work together with local governments , too [ as opposed to local businesses ] . 
  we are in a changing world , and laws should support this change as well as possible . 
  ( ... ) facebook strongly prefers to [ either ] ask people for their passport when they 've lost their password and have to verify who they are , or to discover the identity of our users with help from the government . '' ), 
  it 's getting quite annoying . 
  several regulars have already left this place , and it 's get worse by the week . 
  [ removed ], 
  wait , how do other people use it then ? 
  in the netherlands we have the orange-white-blue flag , which was used by our colonial force , by the south-african apartheid regime , the nsb ( nazi collaborators during wwii ) and geert wilder 's freedom party . 
  that dutch food is too bland . 
  we should n't need to add more spices just because seselj thinks it 's torture . 
  also , we do n't smoke the weed , tourists do . 
  none of them . 
  i think political views are an essential part of a politician . 
  technically yes , but employers nowadays use `` temporary '' contracts . 
  if they want someone gone for whatever reason , they can freely choose not to renew the contract . 
  it 's supposed to be a sign of bad luck , but i 'm not sure if anyone actually believes in it . 
  in the netherlands , people marry really early . 
  a friend of mine got married recently even though they do n't even have children yet and they are only 26 years old . 
  no , universities are usually more left-wing even though there are of course also a lot of conservatives/liberals . 
  the dutch flag is associated with some very specific denominations . 
  for example , the reformed fly the flag when the royal house has something to celebrate ; when the dutch football team plays some people fly the flag to show their support ; and wilders ' freedom party always uses it as a form of nationalist symbolism . 
  other than that , the flag is only shown sparingly . 
  i think that the netherlands are a lot less nationalist than for example denmark and germany . 
  the majority on / r/thenetherlands is strongly opposed to freedom of religion and always cheer at attempts to remove it . 
  certainly not . 
  i ca n't wait until religious belief dies out altogether . 
  i always try to be optimistic , but i honestly doubt it will happen during my lifetime . 
  after the election a couple of weeks ago , i met a fellow student in the train . 
  i had seen him quite often but i only knew him by face . 
  we started to talk a bit about the elections . 
  he 's 20-22 years old , very soft-spoken and sensitive ; told me he voted for the animal rights party . 
  we chatted a bit about the meat industry and then about climate change when he suddenly got really quiet . 
  he changed the topic ; told me that we need special laws that only apply to * allochtonen * ( non-western immigrants and their descendents ) . 
  the conversation ended in him calling me politcally correct . 
  i knew a few people on the far-right but i no longer have contact with them . 
  racism is very common in the netherlands so i probably know more racists than i know . 
  potatoes . 
  i really like them . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  in addition to that , all our literature contains several sex scenes to make up for the poor storyline . 
  more like the other way around . 
  in the netherlands , calling a far-right politician a racist on twitter lands you a $ 350 , - fine , and calling for racial purity lands you a seat in the parliament . 
  freedom of speech for sure . 
  our laws suck and too few people value it . 
  the first one sounds more natural , but the second one is n't necessarily incorrect .
