  you frequent coontown and european though . 
  well , denmark is bigger than the netherlands , and you only have 1/3 of the population . 
  denmark is big and empty , i 'm sure they 'll find a place . 
  well , * ketter * can mean either . 
  most of these plans sound pretty good . 
  a gay pride parade not organised by gays but by the far-right . 
  hmm , that does n't sound fishy at all . 
  considering that these posts are full of support for far-right violence , i 'd say the tags are well-placed . 
  i hope that the german politicians keep their head cool and do n't surrender to these far-right lunatics because lf their attacks . 
  along with catholics , lutherans , and remonstrants , yes . 
  in dutch they say `` smoking like a heathen '' . 
  why trade democracy for revenge ? 
  if the far-right does n't get what it wants democratically , they resort to violence . 
  that certainly does not mean that we should surrender to them . 
  stay strong , italy . 
  then how does it relate to the hippocratic oath ? 
  this is pure nonsense . 
  the patient can get all the info and give it to whichever doctor he likes, 
  i do n't know what you are hinting at ( the abolishment of your freedom to choose your own doctor ? 
  they just re-formulated that ) , but the government announced last week , that they 're working on a new law that allows the government to see all your medical info without even asking a judge . 
  also , if you value the hippocratic oath you should seek medical help abroad . 
  we have cows . 
  in fact , we had to pay the eu 130 milion euros for producing too much milk last year . 
  i know they use a lot of energy , but i can hardly work if i let the temperature drop below 18 degrees , so i 'm kinda forced to turn it on during working hours . 
  well , now i can finally explain it to my neighbour 's daughter why i did n't invest in eastern poland . 
  you can say all that in dutch as well . 
  and i do n't believe that the spanish really ca n't say they 're about to study . 
  or any other language for that matter . 
  back to my original question , i hear phrases like ` if i were you ' and ' i wished i were x ' a lot . 
  that 's subjunctive as well right ? 
  i do n't see why it would be archaic . 
  you just said that far-right attacks on refugee homes is a right . 
  poor citizens facing problems have to resort to arson attacks ? 
  these people are just racists who attack people for who they are . 
  and yes , the neonazis do see quite strong in germany . 
  i do n't know of any other countries where they systematically target immigrants . 
  edit : well , greece maybe . 
  yep , they somehow found a way to blame these attacks on the immigrants and the left . 
  even right-wing attacks are blamed on the left nowadays . 
  i agree with you . 
  please do n't let the downvotes lead you to self-censorship . 
  we 're being brigaded by coontown , european , and whiterights again, 
  except when your favourite party gets only 4,9 % of the votes , then your vote is ignored completely . 
  it never was , only r/europe decided to believe otherwise . 
  will israel also stop funding far-right groups in europe then ? 
  well , your language is wrong . 
  is it really archaic ? 
  these things can be twisted easily . 
  in the netherlands , for example , they wanted to ban antidemocratic muslim parties ( in case they would be founded ) to support our democracy . 
  to make it even more comical , one of the parties that proposed it , opposes female voting rights . 
  a few weeks ago , a couple of dutch parties unironically proposed to ban antidemocratic parties . 
  same thing . 
  ninja edit : by antidemocratic they mean muslim, 
  if you speak half a word of german you wo n't have too many problems . 
  well , that 's not very nice . 
  that 's not true , most of the second generation have two nationalities , especially among turks and moroccans . 
  sweden democrats : from now on we decide what 's good for you , fags . 
  let 's fight some muslims now . 
  would the lgbt minority really be helped if the far right used them as a false flag to march through immigrant neighbourhoods ? 
  the police is in favour of immigrants now ? 
  also , 40 % is not a majority while the vast majority of news articles on homofobia is about immigrants . 
  you can see the same in the netherlands , where the pvv and the media have a lot of attention for anti-gay incidents , but only commited by muslims . 
  the worst thing is that people now actually associate homofobia with immigrants . 
  welp , i hope the lot of you enjoy the official state culture . 
  if you secretly block air support and many people die as a result of it , do n't be surprised people conplain about it . 
  the germans and the brits are most nationalist ... why am i not surprised ? 
  they wanted to make a mosque in the city of gouda a while back , and there were rumours that it were a very extremist group . 
  it turned out to be nonsense , but the plan did n't make it anyways . 
  edit : why is this downvoted ? 
  well , it 's the case in the netherlands . 
  if you do n't want to discuss a solution to the ` moroccan problem ' with geert wilders , people * will * complain that you deny the ` very real ' problems out of political correctism . 
  i 'm afraid this sort of thing will become more frequent as european politicians and opinion makers refuse to call out racism out of fear of being called politically correct . 
  this has been posted 13 hours ago and the racism goes through the roof . 
  are all the mods on holidays ? 
  does that count as a skyscraper ? 
  oh reddit , where announcing what cruelties a book contains equals evil american sjw censorship . 
  it will never happen in the netherlands . 
  well , the netherlands are no better of course . 
  germany has shown that for them , the european union is n't so much about the union but more about your own interests . 
  christianity destroys more than one can love . 
  and they 're forcing greece to sell its property to western european companies for a low price . 
  it 's not even a fundamental particle . 
  poetin is an sjw . 
  it sounds like it 's a compilation of bild quotes about greece . 
  it would be too bureaucratic to have two tax rates , so we might as well pay 21 % on everything . 
  that 's funny , in the netherlands they want to increase the vat on food to 21 % . 
  i bet that piece of farmland was n't ` defended ' by identitary resistance intimidating council members , now was it ? 
  how so ? 
  the dutch police just killed an antillian a while ago . 
  but i think that was strangulation . 
  oh come on now , you ca n't just compare him to such a far-right lunatic . 
  hitler was never opposed to a political union with poland and greece . 
  then what 's the goal ? 
  the national identity is n't the problem , the pride is . 
  which they had to as part of the deal . 
  so why do the statistics per capita then ? 
  if you go to the police and claim that your housemate raped you every day during the past year , it 's 1 case in most countries , but 365 in sweden . 
  stuff like erasmus is why i 'm not allowed to study in my first language anymore . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  the netherlands are no different .
