  the government probably says that it 's to give the youth a chance to compete in the labour market . 
  though in reality , it 's more about cost reduction for the big businesses . 
  22 year olds get 85 % of the minimum wage , 21 year olds get 72,5 % , 20 year olds get 61,5 % , 19 year olds get 52,5 % , and 18 year olds get only 45,5 % . 
  it 's not uncommon to fire people when they get too old . 
  same here in the netherlands . 
  eightteen year olds get less than half the minimum wage . 
  i would n't bie eble to tell timmermans ' eccent eider . 
  but usually when someone spieks wif even a slightly dutsj eccent , i notice it immedjetly . 
  in dutch , it 's `` investeringen '' , and usually you just substitute - eringen for - ierungen . 
  i 'm glad he finally made it into europe . 
  now we can get a minister again , who cares about something else than his own international career . 
  or so i hope . 
  probably because other countries are even worse with gender equality . 
  well , seems like i need to learn another 0,2 languages . 
  it 's not that wierd , actually . 
  would you rather live in a regular country with a shit life , or in a shit country with a regular life ? 
  not such a hard choice . 
  then how do you show your cartoon character has bought a grocery ? 
  and the normen must greet them with a smile . 
  so did the pogroms that were predicted happen yet ? 
  yeah , 9\u00a05/6 dozens of upvotes as of now . 
  why is it bad for the usa if everybody else has stockpiles of dollars ? 
  nobody can afford to refuse them their loans because that would mean the stockpiles would lose their worth . 
  well , it took me a while to figure out it was not just the first picture . 
  i thought the staatsloterij was rigged ? 
  germany has more than twice the wind power / capita as the netherlands , too . 
  i was in germany last summer , and i would just see solar panels everywhere . 
  not just on the roof , but also a field full of them !, 
  such a thing has never been seen in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  they may not suffer from ptsd so much , but they 're lunatics already . 
  because it was a disaster in russia . 
  it was all run by the mafia before poetin was in power . 
  aken_bosch does n't seem to intend to pay though . 
  nope , you can just go by [ water bicycle ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/hydrobike.jpg ) . 
  balkan bandits hunting for tourists . 
  well , it 's quite odd to realise that they drink twice as much beer in tsjechia as here ... 
  the greek are just really butthurt that alexander the great was macedonian rather than greek . 
  conversely , the far-right thinks that centrist websites such as joop.nl are `` heavily left socialist '' , even though they also have writers from the liberal party d'66 . 
  joop.nl has a stark contrast with the dutch right wing because they oppose racism so fanatically , but i would n't say that makes joop.nl left-wing . 
  they 're in fact very centrist , and many of their commenters are n't left-wing either . 
  anyways , i fail to see how this is not a political issue . 
  a few months ago , the labour party barely managed to extend the two days of paid paternal leave with another three days of unpaid paternal leave , while the liberals were complaining it would put a too heavy burden on employers . 
  eh , ok . is it very controversial that their votes were thrown away , or do most swedes accept it ? 
  ugh , i always mix up less and fewer . 
  but yes , it applies to fewer than ten people a year . 
  ok , so then feminist initiative got 10 or 11 seats ? 
  the article states that they got nothing , but that ca n't be right if there are 349 seats . 
  has the swedish parliament got only 25 seats ? 
  it applies to less than 10 people a year , but it 's the best we can get with the liberals in power . 
  hey !, 
  i usually put the balaerics into the same category as the rest of spain , but what do i know ? 
  i made the map a few months ago , when someone asked how the dutch media divide europe . 
  i do n't think the baltics get enough attention for a separate category . 
  giving the balaeric islands to italy was a bad move though , if you 'd ask me . 
  well , the cia map does n't make much sense . 
  i wonder if they really use it . 
  ah yes , if you do n't like nice sweden democrats like [ this ] ( http://skola.expo.se/images/tl_sd_09_1996.jpg ) , you 're just a politically correct leftwinger who thinks anybody who wants to put a limit on immigration is an irrational racist . 
  edit :  address my argument . 
  ahahaha , i see this only now . 
  `` address my argument . '', 
  xd you know very well people do n't oppose extremists like in the sweden-democrat party because they think sweden should transport as many refugees into their country as they can . 
  no , when people do n't like the sweden democrats , their far-right supporters ( like you , apparantly ) , choose never to address any argument , but instead pretend that they just do n't want unbounded immigration . 
  it 's some fucking rethorical trick that many idiots and lunatics fall for . 
  haha , good to see that the defense is the same all over the world , too . 
  spout all kinds of racist bullshit , and when someone criticises , `` oh i only think their should be a limit on immigration , unlike ehm ... well , i just do n't want it . '', 
  sometimes when i see all the racism in the dutch newspapers , i get really sad . 
  but i only need to read the international news to see that we 're no more racist than the rest of europe . 
  i 'm still not sure if that 's good news or bad news . 
  he ca n't even marry . 
  seriously , it 's just like if they * want * do destroy the industry . 
  when i 'm having a guest and i really like her , i offer her a second cookie . 
  they only measure legal rights . 
  and our law is pretty bad if you disregard article 1 of our constitution , which they did . 
  it does of course ban discrimination based on sexuality and gender identity , but it does n't explicitly do so . 
  and that 's all that matters , apparantly . 
  ugh , are we really going to do this ? 
  more like 1619 . , 
  bas belder and peter van dalen , two people from the sgp/cu . 
  the sgp is a calvinist party that discriminates against gays , wants to abolish women 's voting rights , and even is in favour of the death penalty . 
  and we also have hans jansen from the pvv ( freedom party from geert wilders ) , who believes that climate change is made up by left-wing scientists in order to establish a socialist world government . 
  just look at his post history . 
  he is always being fucking rude . 
  judging by his name it 's most likely a troll account . 
  please go back to circlebroke . 
  so then why did they fly with fog in the first place ? 
  it 's just pretty amateurish that they 're forced to land in some field . 
  i wished they would stop forcing their liberal policies on us , but i 'm afraid it will only get worse . 
  well , that 's pretty amateurish . 
  edit : i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to insult the americans . 
  i just thought it to be rather silly . 
  ah yes , it 's way too expensive to care about the climate . 
  better ru\u00efn the planet then . 
  i do n't get it . 
  they 're a lot more to the south and they still ca n't use solar energy ? 
  it 's like they do n't even fucking care . 
  the country is n't in charge . 
  what 's the point of talking about a pre-tax salary ? 
  it 's just an imaginary number anyways . 
  the nato would still be the second most powerful military in the world , after the usa .
