  until 2010 , cura\u00e7ao was a municipality of the nethernlands , and now it 's a sovereign state within the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  same here . 
  well , if they are n't racist , then why do they say this about the apartheid regime in south africa ? 
  '' * - martin bosma ( pvv ) ( ` it 's sad that dutch leftists have helped anc to get the power . 
  now , afrikaans and the afrikan people will probably be destroyed . ' ), 
  or why does wilders say this when asked this question : `` we 've talked a lot about your attitude to islam and to muslims living in your midst , but let 's broaden it out and let 's be very blunt : are you saying , for example , the fact that amsterdam , rotterdam , the hague , are very soon , if not now , going to be majority non-white cities , is not acceptable ? '', 
  wilders : `` of course it 's not acceptable !, 
  you ask it if it 's some kind of a surprise what my answer would be . '', 
  how is that not racist ? 
  now you 're just doing it on purpose . 
   also , why is n't belgium adressed in this matter ? 
  hah , now you 're just assuming she knows where sinterklaas is celebrated . 
  my best bet is , she also does n't know it 's celebrated on the abc-islands , not far from jamaica . 
  i 'm starting to feel like the un * wants * the pvv ( dutch racist party ) to win next elections ... 
  it 's from google ( you know , one of the american companies that 's spying on you ) . 
  dutch cities are actually pretty clean , now ` natural ' pollution is left out of our statistics . 
  sinterklaas has helpers called zwarte pieten . 
  ( [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwarte_piet ) ) some people believe that having a black character is inherently racist . 
  they also think that zwarte piet is supposed to be a substitute for any black person , just like in the american blackface tradition , rather than a character of its own . 
  these people accuse every dutch citizen of racism just for celebrating sinterklaas , and their latest attempt to frustrate the festivities was to go to the un and try to get it outlawed . 
  ** netherlands ** * a member of the pvv ( freedom party ) management quit because he did n't have enough influence over the decisions . 
  a couple of weeks ago , he also did n't have the nazi flag , unlike a couple of other pvv mps . 
  * a lot of shops went bankrupt this year . 
  at this moment , in 2013 more shops went bankrupt than in all of 2012 . 
  * the celebrations of the russian-dutch relationship have not been canceled yet , and our king will still go to russia , despite a couple of scandals . 
  a greenpeace ship has been captured by the russian authorities and the protestors are arrested ( this happened a couple of weeks ago ) . 
  a russian ambassador who was drunk and attacked his children has been arrested ( illegally ) , and a dutch ambassador in russia has been assaulted and robbed . 
  a dutch thieve broke into a building of the russian embassey , and two unknown people broke into a greenpeace building in russia . 
  * a couple of opponents of the sinterklaas celebrations hope the united nations will ruin it for us . 
  the netherlands will look just the same , but with more asphalt and more beggars . 
  i also think the freedom party will collapse , and another racist party will take its place . 
  the economy will of course improve again . 
  it ca n't be getting worse forever . 
  oh , * not * wanting a celebration to be ruined by fucking whiners is senseless , demeaning , immoral , unethical , and lacking empathy for other 's feelings now ? 
  thanks you cleared that up . 
  that 's not even true . 
  in curacao , they paint sinterklaas white ( and do n't need paint for zwarte piet ) . 
  unlike in the usa , apparantly , in europe there are n't as many begging street children . 
  they are more likely to be ordered to beg . 
  because if you 're in europe and you say : `` do n't go with strangers somewhere , especially gypsies , '' then it * is * frowned upon , right ? 
  these fucking shitheads just want to destroy our celebration . 
  i think a lot of people do n't like diet sodas . 
  and belgian anarchists use the word ` plezant ' , so flemish is n't really dutch either . 
  let 's say you 're going to buy 40l . 
  then you can save 40 \u00d7 $ 0,20 = $ 8 , - . 
  and it 's even less because driving to that gas station and waiting in the line will cost some fuel too . 
  i really do n't get why people are willing to wait for over an hour for it . 
  if you hear someone talk , but do n't know wether he 's speaking dutch , german , or belgian , you 're in luxembourg . 
  also , it 's impossible to find two shops next to each other whose advertisments are in the same language . 
  ugh , the liberals here in the netherlands do exactly the same . 
  they believe schools should be run like a business , so they can buy the best ones for their own children , even if it 's at the cost of other people . 
  are birthday parties and jewcookies not common in other countries ? 
  getting drunk and hitting your children = human right , and beating up a random dutch diplomat = justice . 
  only in russia . 
  only bad news . 
  woah , our red penis is so much bigger than the belgian one !, 
  he 's not a racist , he 's just saying he does n't trust black people because they are criminal . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  they went to his family to discuss their religion with them , and then his family was converted . 
  is it easy to buy popularity in denmark ? 
  if you have no hat , you can always say : `` i tip my fedora to you , good sir ! '', 
  i think a civilization is merely an attempt to be civilized . 
  in any case , i would definitely consider singapore and japan backwards for supporting capital punishment . 
  that 's long . 
  of course . 
  ugh , stop twisting my words all the time . 
  my point was that journalists should write about a poltical scandal rather than about dead wolves . 
  if you disagree with that , i guess you should move to the netherlands . 
  applying the free market theory to this does n't make any sense . 
  shopkeepers ca n't keep moving around cities all the time to go to one with the best offer . 
  once they go from one municipality to another , they are n't going back anytime soon . 
  municipalities will just sacrifice a part of their tasks in order to attract more businesses . 
  it 's a race to the bottom . 
  the only ones who win are the removal firms . 
   are the shopkeepers the `` property '' of the surrounding towns , that they can be `` stolen '' ? 
  i thought that slavery had long been abolished in the netherlands ... 
  i meant that municipalities should try to create new businesses rather than moving them around . 
  but i guess you knew that very well , and was just being pedantic , were n't you . 
  anyways , it was not my original point . 
  i just gave this as an example for journalists who fail to report on more important matters while they 're busy writing nonsensical stories about dead wolves . 
  did i know some dogmatic neoliberal would want to debate it ... 
  poor girl . 
  :( it 's good to see the two offenders were punished . 
  you seem to argue against tax havens , yet at the same time you want dutch municipalities to start a race to the bottom ? 
  lowering business taxes will not improve policies : they will only get worse or even completely abolished . 
  the money has to come from somewhere , and without taxes we can close the libraries and swimming pools already . 
  besides , if starting a business in enschede is so profitable , then whhy steal them from surrounding cities , rather than founding new ones ? 
  anyways , the city council of enschede issued their apology and none of it ever made it to the newspapers . 
  what 's the point of different parts of the government fighting each other ? 
  one municipality 's gain is necessarily the other municipality 's loss . 
  can we do one country at a time please ? 
  i 've been googling around a bit , but the only source i could find is a blog , and their website is down . 
  what it comes down to is , there was a letter , signed by the city council member of financial affairs ( wethouder financi\u00eble zaken ) of the city of enschede , that was sent to shopkeepers in other cities in the province of overijssel . 
  they were offered a place in enschede , to start a shop over there . 
  they should n't have done this , because municipalities are n't supposed to compete with each other like this . 
  i 'm surprised no journalist was bothered to write it down , because i heard quite some shopkeepers and other people talking about it ( i was in zwolle at the time ) . 
  i think journalists just write down what they find interesting themselves . 
  i really wonder how much news we will never know about because of this . 
  remember the scandal when the municipality of enschede invited local businesses from the cities of zwolle , deventer , zutphen , etc. 
  to come over to enschede ?
