  so what will happen next ? 
  will people be evicted from their homes for not having the right ancestors ? 
  if you vote for the pvv then you are n't open minded or liberal , despite what you tell yourself . 
  you ca n't be liberal and open minded and racist at the same time . 
  well , i certainly did n't expect the north sea to be the third highest . 
  he does n't actually make them himself . 
  i guess he just browses the internet a lot . 
  [ wilders then vs. wilders now . 
  yeah the racism is quite bad in the netherlands , but now it finally gets some attention i think it will improve . 
  or just conquer whatever and drown in money regardless . 
  if a muslim yells at someone it 's considered an act of terrorism . 
  ooooooh rekt lol, 
  the netherlands actually store all medical data on american servers . 
  really ? 
  from the germans i know , i get the feeling that die gr\u00fcne will get about 100 % of the votes . 
  why does he step down over such a non-issue ? 
  was he forced to step down for unrelated reasons ? 
  they ditched all their left-wingers a couple of years ago . 
  i hate to link to them but [ here ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/archives/images/marvin.jpg ) is the geenstijl upload . 
  i found it really difficult to translate because nearly every sentence contains an ellips and is not quite grammatical . 
  and translating a feeling is always more difficult than translating some rational reasoning . 
  if someone thinks he can improve on it , feel free to pm me . 
  it 's the start of the election campaign . 
  considering that geert wilders is quite popular in the polls , it is no surprise that mark rutte ( liberal-conservative party ) would further identify crime , misbehaviour and other nasty things with immigrants . 
  i think they want to make the elections about making the muslim man comply . 
  i 'm not sure if the dutch left-wing will be able to get other themes into the media , but i 'm quite cynical about it . 
  ... that makes it even weirder . 
  ok so i see some of his speeches hurt your nationalist feelings a little ( including calling a company by its actual name lol ) , but what did he * do * that was unreliable ? 
  what did obama do ? 
  like they would care if he funded something they agreed with . 
  they disagree with his politics . 
  but we 'd still need to send thw resources to the moon . 
  the uk paid about 0,2 % of its gni to the eu ( yearly ) . 
  italy also paid 0,2 % and finland only paid 0,15 % . 
  every other net contributor paid more . 
  do you ever meet people who believe that outside of / r/europe ? 
  you do realise that naturalisation is all about citizenship , right ? 
  god will give his grace to her firstborn son and life will go on . 
  the media will be quite terrible but after two weeks we can finally see the actual news again . 
  that will be one hell of a funeral . 
  far-right populism is n't rooted in any news , wether it is fake or not . 
  these people do not care about facts . 
  what 's not legal can still be legitimate . 
  the conspiracy nonsense about corbyn gets crazier and crazier . 
  is the right really so afraid of him ? 
  the cdu ? 
  maybe he can pay it in parts and also reclaim it in parts ? 
  yep . 
  fact is , only the naive far-left politically correct idiots that ruin our country could think this man is sad and lonely . 
  when i was a teenager they walked around with [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/mpumx6ygfbq?t=133 ) sort of thing . 
  how many parents are aware that their 12 year old is playing with illegal explosives ? 
  in my experience the vast majority is clueless . 
  they probably did n't know about this . 
  wilders did n't even get a punishment . 
  a while ago some left-wing politician called a far-right politician a racist on twitter and he got a $ 350 fine for insulting the far-right . 
  i did n't hear anybody complain back then . 
  honestly , i 'd rather have more people vote for wilders than that other parties listen to them and ` legitimately ' care about solving the moroccan problem . 
  and yes , calling them racist is n't nice , but it 's true still . 
  it has already happened . 
  anyways , even with the birthrate the number of muslims in the netherlands has been on a steady decline for over a decade . 
  pretty ironical coming from a bible reader . 
  tentoonstelling ( ausstellung ) is a noun in dutch . 
  compare - ing to - ung . 
  why is it called common law if it 's so uncommon ? 
  they are n't islamist . 
  it 's amazing that , after all these centuries , that the name for belgium is right still . 
  congratulation with dazing 's cakeday . 
  did anybody ever get fat by eating dutch food ? 
  losser does n't mean loser . 
  what does this ` real authoritarianism ' consist of ? 
  what wilders does is , after the elections he drops all point and all promises except for the anti-ethnic ones . 
  i think the afd is no different and will gladly take any opportunity to support merkel in exchange for gaining some legitimacy . 
  merkel however will probably not feel the need to do this . 
  i 'm willing to take the bet . 
  okay let me get this straight . 
  you 'd vote for a bad candidate just out of spite and you think the political climate is a joke . 
  do n't you see the irony here ? 
  what was it criticised for ? 
  collecting stories about men being condescending to women does n't seem all that bad . 
  he 's kinda right though . 
  i 've been a life long democrat , and i always supported progress and equality . 
  but when i heard that a swedish trade union is collecting stories about men being condescending to women , i realized that trump is the only way forward . 
  someone on the front page of the_wilders says he wants to meme soros into prison . 
  or how they blame their own popularity on the left . 
  apparantly they know they 're bad and need to blame someone else for it in order to avoid responsibility . 
  in the netherlands people actually do think that . 
  they are n't really that low . 
  they 're on par with other eastern european countries such as poland and czech republic . 
  why are some countries ranked for stability and others for sustainability ? 
  i think you 're reading it wrong . 
  he does n't support pis 's changes , but rather , he wants pis to change . 
  do n't fall for it , germany . 
  the conservatives will continue to claim bias until all the newspapers are conservative propaganda machines . 
  if by `` almost exact words '' you mean the polar opposite ... eastern european countries such as poland and tsjechia did n't even want to help a single refugee . 
  a message like `` if you try extra hard maybe we will accept you in the country you were born in '' does n't sound too inclusive to me . 
  is it true that the german police supports the far-right ? 
  those countries are doing just fine . 
  i do n't really see how they would push poland towards this . 
  that 's what you get when you hand over all the power to the conservatives . 
  it still works like that .
