  hmm , maybe . 
  but keep in mind that the antilles are fairly small . 
  the most populous island has like 140.000 inhabitants , and in total it 's about 300.000 or so . 
  they can only sustain a small university . 
  you ca n't study medicine over there . 
  they do n't have universities over there , so they have to use the dutch ones . 
  i suppose this rule was made to ensure that antillians have access to all studies . 
  is that so ? 
  i was in the uk last year , and - like in every western european country - i could get by in its capital just speaking english , but the further i traveled away from london , the harder it was . 
  if they spoke english at all , it was with such a terrible accent i could n't understand it at all . 
  well , just look at what the liberal party wants . 
  reduction of welfare , turkish or moroccan immigrants and their children should n't be allowed to become minister , though on crime , antillians should get a differently coloured passport , right to self defense means murder should be investigated less thoroughly , selective pre-emptive body searches , abolition of medical confidentiality , municipalities are no longer allowed to shelter illegal immigrants , etc. 
  etc. . none of this requires religion . 
  there really is no group in the netherlands that calls itself ` the conservatives ' , so people never refer to them . 
  that said , if someone were to say * conservative * , depending on the context , i would either think of religious conservatives , i.e. 
  the chrisitan political parties , or of secular conservatives , i.e. 
  the liberal party . 
  as far as i can see , the vast majority of the people speaks fluent dutch , so that seems like a good option for you . 
  i prefer [ this ] ( http://www.webtopper.net/_images/nederland/293699-2219/media/catalog/product/b/a/2015_05_12_09_26_25_218627_backwards-klok-hoofd.jpg ) one . 
  it did n't affect me at all . 
  i do n't even hear people talk about it . 
  if you work in a field where you need a government permit , you 'd better not protest blackface or they will revoke the permit . 
  [ unarmed aruban man beaten to death , no punishment ] ( https://afadenhaag.wordpress.com/2015/06/28/arubaanse-man-doodgeslagen-door-haagse-politie/ ), 
  [ dutch police shoot unarmed black teenager who 's running away , no punishment . 
  i do n't think it will happen anytime soon . 
  three half . 
  i suppose you 'd have to wait until they start first . 
  i feel dutch first and german second . 
  it should be noted that your driver 's license is only valid for half a year , so you have to pass a theoretical and a practical driving exam within the first half year ( or you ca n't drive ) . 
  no , that country is probably the least conscious . 
  every ancient greek ru\u00efn is encircled on the map and has dozens of road signs pointing to it , but if you want to see a roman ru\u00efn you 'll have to find it for yourself . 
  italy of course . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  i was in england last year , and i could communicate in english easily in london , like in every european capital city . 
  however , just like most other european countries , the further you go away from london the worse it gets . 
  if they could speak english at all , then it was with an extremely strong accent that 's barely understandable . 
  easily german . 
  i love its elegance . 
  it sounds a bit funny , but i think most people can make sense of it . 
  your spanish accent will problably be a bigger problem . 
  :p i heard it 's a pretty hard language to speak . 
  next to my bed . 
  why would i carry them around if i need them again the next morning ? 
  the dutch monarch has to sign the laws , but he or she usually only refuses to do so when it affects them directly . 
  it 's a bit hard to say though , because he can also refuse to sign a proposal , in which case it will never actually be proposed and it wo n't get much attention . 
  and they can also wait with signing the proposal until after new elections . 
  in the netherlands it 's the other way around , and there 's a tiny minority that wants to restore the republic . 
  but they 're usually arrested on accident , as to intimidate them . 
  nope . 
  i think it was banned some 69 years ago . 
  ( `` please step aside , this is a cycle path . '' ), 
  probably turkey . 
  i like the weather and the ancient greek ru\u00efnes . 
  where are you from ? 
  why do you have a refugee status ? 
  i 'll tell you as soon as i find out . 
  meh , while i agree , i also want this government to fall apart asap . 
  i usually assume everybody is dutch , unless there are flairs or other clues . 
  op asked for european beaches though . 
  of course they 're eurocentric and othering . 
  it 're national flags of european countries . 
  who cares ? 
  we wear either wooden shoes or uggs . 
  i only vote for songs that are not sung in english . 
  this year was not a good year . 
  the vvd is a secular party , so i would n't say they 're very religious themselves . 
  it has to be said though , that they are willing to form coalitions with the worst of protestants . 
  they 're also more racist . 
  or so i think . 
  i do n't know all too much about internal politics in the usa , but i can not imagine that the local democrat department in phoenix would argue for a special police department that only goes after etnic groups , ` because it 'd be more efficient to go straight after those criminals ' ; and that those democrats would n't be kicked out of the party . 
  well , in the netherlands , the local vvd department in our sixth biggest city ( tilburg ) actually proposed this , and they were n't kicked out . 
  the liberals were n't even a little upset about it . 
  well , they take about half the blame of all the sick things the usa did during the past few decades , most notable war , torture , and spying . 
  they 're basically as bad as the democrats , but they mix it with a little bit of insanity . 
  i think the democrats are pretty comparable to the biggest dutch liberal party ( vvd ) . 
  though the vvd is less religious and more racist . 
  uhh , i 'm quite sure we are n't literally trying to be cool . 
  not compared to other countries . 
  only few houses have aircondition , and many public buildings do n't have it either . 
  dutch advertisers collectively suffer dyslexia too . 
  it goes before , just like other currencies . 
  why would the euro be different ? 
  edit : okay i get it , in other countries people put it behind the number . 
  the downvote culture in here is even worse than in / r/europe ... 
  german . 
  i used to have it in dutch . 
  now i 've got a new computer with windows 8 , i have it in english . 
  it took me so many hours to get this shit system to work that i do n't bother changing it anymore . 
  she clearly pronounces the g and the h though . 
  stamppotten are good . 
  [ asperges ] ( http://www.chickslovefood.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2013/05/witte-asperges.jpg ) are disgusting . 
  for some reason , we still have an * aspergeseizoen * though . 
  it fits us better , because we are n't as fat . 
  the netherlands are pretty rough . 
  we have many woods - in fact there are almost no roads without trees next to it - we have mountains ranging anywhere from 10 to 320 m , and even a desert so big it 's called [ the sahara ] ( http://www.carpediem-ommen.nl/wp-content/gallery/omgeving-ommen/9.jpg ) . 
  the regulations are unfortunately pretty strict , so you can only stay in certain places and only for one night . 
  dutch universities are pretty good at the moment . 
  though with the current and previous liberal governments it 's going down pretty fast though . 
  right now , students get some money from the government ( almost enough to pay for the rent ) , and a free public transport subscription . 
  this will be abolished in a couple of years .
