  * minister opstelten for safety and justice got the big brother award for the second time in his life . 
  ideas of his include : installing malware on computers so the secret service can access them at all times ; place cameras that can see the license plates in order to know where everybody is ; and of course his own personal drone . 
  fucking rats with wings and diarrhea . 
  i live in a student home together with three germans . 
  all three of them did a 3 week course , which is quite intensive , but they speak dutch perfectly fine . 
   i hope i 'll be able to do the same . 
  german !, 
  if i 'm ever going to learn a third language , it 's definitely going to be german . 
  i like the scandinavian languages ( and islandic ) too . 
  i 'd like to speak those language , but doubt if i will ever try to learn them . 
  so that 's why the towns where 99,9 % of the people are native , are so tolerant . 
  heh , i 'm surprised it 's in the news already . 
  one would think it would take at least 5 more years . 
  heh , did n't know you 're dutch too . 
  i understood this joke in german and now i 'm bragging about it . 
  the dutch government has made a rule called ` hypotheekrenteaftrek ' , which means that a part of your taxes are refunded , scaling with the mortgage interest you 're paying . 
  the bigger your house and the larger your income , the more money you get back ( hence the inflated house prices ) . 
  every single economist agrees that it 's stupid , but our neoliberal party ca n't afford to lose the votes . 
  anyways , in order to maximize this refund , we have a thing called ` spaarhypotheek ' ( ` saving mortgage ' ) . 
  you never pay off any of your mortgage , as to increase the mortgage interest you 're paying , but on the other hand you are saving money with the bank . 
  after 30 years ( or another period ) , the savings are enough to pay for all the mortgage at once . 
  so , the 250 % of our available income * includes * all our full mortgage debts , but * excludes * our savings . 
  on top of that , private parties do n't need to save for their pension because we have centralized pension funds . 
  that said , it * is * a ridiculously risky way of doing it . 
  there have been a couple of scandals already , with people being lied to by their bank , so they suddenly could n't pay off their mortgage after 30 years ( not even close ) . 
  at the same time , the neoliberal party abolishes our ` prestatiebeurs ' ( students get a loan from the government , which they do n't need to pay back if they finish their study ) . 
  instead , our government has a relatively small austerity measure that forces all our students into high debts . 
  oh , and leftists are accused of suffering loaning phobia . 
  i 'm afraid the dutch will keep voting the neoliberals into power as long as the crisis lasts , ` because they 're good with money ' . 
  ah well , in a decade or so , we can build up our country again . 
  edit : sorry i turned this a bit too much into a rant . 
  tl ; dr the 250 % is mostly mortgage debt , and that number is inflated by the system we have . 
  only one day ? 
  we had a wolf that was haunting our newspapers for at least three weeks . 
  but then again , there are lots of people who are racist against the turkish minority . 
   meejbie wie koet juuz dis ajdeer foor de melting pot frajdee seerie\u00fcs . 
  edit : it 's funny you use ii for the long i in finnish . 
  in dutch we use the aa , ee , oo , uu , for the long a , e , o , u , but for the long i we use ie . 
  oh fuck edit : i 'll bleem it on my eccent ; de c meeks mutsj moor sens toe mie . 
  better burn or bury that reuse ? 
  he 's checking the internet 's garbage bin . 
  well , if you look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate ) wikipedia article , uk has 7,6 deaths / 100.000 people , and germany has only 6,7 deaths / 100.000 people . 
  though it 's really hard to compare , because british roads are * so * dangerous , nobody is crazy enough to ride a bicycle over there . 
  it was sarcasm . 
   the dutch neoliberal parties have acknowledged that their experiment failed for dentists , but they proceeded to make the exact same mistake in other sectors . 
  $ 17.432 , - is the average for a wedding ? 
  i doubt the median will be anywhere near this price ... 
  it used to be for people who wanted to marry , but could n't yet afford that . 
  or so i was told . 
  i agree . 
  but why does hague want a war so badly ? 
  is it a religious reason ? 
  or do you have any interest in syria ... 
  how 's that possible ? 
  less government regulation leads to lower prices , right ? 
  anyways , if it does n't work for dentists , maybe we should try it in other sectors . 
  in other words , even if there 's no evidence , we 're going to believe that there had been a chemical attack and that it 's been done by assad . 
  yeah , the increase in traffic accidents could solve the overpopulation easily . 
  seriously ? 
  could you give links ? 
  thank you !, 
  this makes much more sense to me . 
  do the dutch speakers in belgium feel an affinity with the netherlands ? 
  maybe they fixed it at a lower price , because they think everybody should be able to afford beer . 
  this is exactly the road we 're going down in the netherlands . 
  aaaand / r/europe sides with the far-right activists . 
   are europeans not allowed to write letters to people ? 
  are judges forbidden from receiving letters ? 
  are politicians barred from sending letters ? 
  the problem is not that american politicians are allowed to write letters ( why do you even think that ? 
  ) , but that they are allowed to ` advise ' judges on their sentence . 
  not only that , your judges are member of one of the two parties , and participate in elections . 
  that 's no seperation of power , that concentration of power . 
   why does this happen in europe ? 
  why do italy and the netherlands have insane wiretapping laws ? 
  why does sweden want to extradite assange ? 
  why does it have the fra law ? 
  why does it have the titan traffic database ? 
  why does the eu have the data retention directive ? 
  why is there censorship in germany and the united kingdom ? 
  why did the guardian 's offices get raided ? 
   but the point stands , congress is still a open session . 
  i do n't think the american system is flawed because they make the same stupid laws as we do , but because they do n't need to make those laws public . 
  in the netherlands , everybody can know what our wiretapping laws are . 
  in america , people who tell what the wiretapping regulations are , are treated as traitors . 
  so sad the people here ca n't appreciate your fantastic humor . 
  i really do n't get why people would downvote ~ ~ trolling ~ ~ nice jokes like this . 
   the entire foundation of our government is based on trais politicas , or the ` seperation of powers ' as it 's more commonly known . 
  the executive branch of the president , the legislative branch of the congress and the judicial branch of the supreme court . 
   our constitution is literally written around the idea of separation of powers , and literally separated into three articles by the separation of powers . 
  then why do n't you practice it ? 
  you * elect * judges . 
  it actually matters wether you elect a ` democratic ' judge or a republican one . 
  why ? 
  because they can rule laws illegal . 
  that 's why . 
   people can send letters to anyone . 
  does n't mean it affects the outcome , nor does it mean that it has any influence over the judge . 
   i mean i can write a letter right now to my county judge . 
  so what ?
