  or do the job in another country . 
  get that ? 
  it 's not wrong if older , more experienced translators get more work . 
  get that ? 
  eventually , they will have enough and the younger , less experienced translators get work . 
  get that ? 
  if they do n't get any work , then my conclusion is , that there simply is nothing useful to be done for a translator ( but i do n't think that 'll happen often ) . 
  get that ? 
  when the economy is not so good , like during the crisis a couple of years ago , companies cut the wages of their translators by - not based on a marker analysis or anything , but just to save some money ( hoping the translators , having though times , would n't be able to refuse bad offers ) . 
  get that ? 
  by the way , you ca n't just work as a translator abroad . 
  get that ? 
   so this is why such interventions are very problematic . 
  this is why it is usually better to leave it to you to decide to accept the offer or not . 
  because it would really suck if you would be willing to accept a low offer and it would be forbidden . 
  it 's problematic that people who used to be employees are freelancers now , since they get lower wages and have less rights . 
  sure , it 's better than nothing . 
  but it 's worse than what we had . 
  why worsen a good system ? 
   but there can be a huge market power difference between a huge corporation and an employee who has no savings at all and must find work or starve . 
  in this case a regulation can be a good idea . 
  but this is really an abnormal exception not how a healthy market should work !, 
  a huge market power difference is an abnormal exception ? 
  it 's almost everywhere . 
  big companies can easily compete with small ones , because they benefit from their large scale and international tax evasion . 
  that 's why they are everywhere . 
  an individual and a ( large ) business have a huge market power difference . 
  this is exactly why i think freelancing is just a way to avoid minimum wages and other legal restrictions . 
  other neo-liberals think exactly like you . 
  if i 'd work for a company as a translator , i get at least minimum wage and 4 weeks of vacation a year . 
  but if i own a computer and a dictionary , then suddenly it 's ok to let me work for 80 % of the minimum wage and i get no vacation at all . 
  this reasoning is just ridiculous . 
  it is pure exploitation . 
  edit : do you know what happens if you do n't intervene in the holy ` free market ' ? 
  in the netherlands , the government stopped to intervene in the post market a couple of years ago . 
  mailmen were fired and hired back as free-lancers for a lower wage ( i guess you agree with it because they own their own bicycle ) . 
  when the boss left , he got 5 milion euro . 
  that 's how the free market works . 
  `` interventing in market processes is always bad '' my ass . 
  i know . 
  yeah right . 
  just to give a recent example : the dutch post service has been '' privatized '' completely . 
  this basically means that mailmen hardly make the minimum wage , that we do n't get our post if it rains , that the companies cut the fraud protection to make some more money , and that the boss makes 475.000 a year now ( + max 100 % in bonuses ) . 
  all in the name of the greater good !, 
  hail incentives !, 
  hail the eu !, 
  it fits their agenda . 
  they do not actually care about liberalism , they just want the rich to get richer . 
  freelancing is just a way to avoid minimum wages and other legal restricitions . 
  they were nuts already . 
  they have been doing this for years . 
  not yet discovered by berlusconi 's map makers . 
  i think most abandoned bikes were stolen , and abandoned by their thief . 
  yeah , but the difference is , that it does n't matter in the eu . 
  elections have 0 impact on their policy . 
  all the eu is doing , besides ridiculous things like the distribution of milk at schools , is making climate policy worse and imposing neo-liberal policies . 
  in the usa it 's a lot better . 
  there they can actually choose which rethorics they like most to justify their policies . 
  hey , at least they are n't as bad as the previous government . 
  i think the biggest flaw in the american voting system is , that national elections are made on the state level rather than on the national level . 
  i understand that the eu wants to subsidize our farmers , but to use school children to do so is gross . 
  regardless of wether or not the eu should be able to intervene in national policies like this . 
  lololol is the government going to buy expensive rotten fruit again ? 
  just to make sure children never like it again ... one fail was enough i thought . 
  amsterdam spends ~ $ 500k each year to remove them . 
  give us rammstein pls . 
  all dutch language mainstream music is equally bad . 
  well , the dutch government expects that about 400.000 people have moved abroad but who are still registered . 
  if the slovakian government faces a similar problem , i can see why they would make such a law . 
  hej , i doont hef det mutsh of an eccent . 
  this is undemocratic . 
  you ca n't investigate politicians because of their opinion . 
  why is this controversial ? 
  there should be a word for religion/philosophy . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i 'm an atheist and i 'm quite sure of that . 
  however , religion is not important for me . 
  what should i do now ? 
  in the question it asks for the strength of my belief , but in the answer it asks for the importance of it . 
  dutch government stores our medical information at an american data storage company : `` yes , there 's the patriot act , but they promised us not to do that '' . 
  i think every 24 years old will cringe at the idea that they would still see the consequences for mistakes made in school . 
  ok , i understand she ca n't take her exams this year anymore , but five years ? 
  man that 's long . 
  i think this is too harsh . 
  about 5 % of the dutch are muslim . 
  if that helps . 
  clearly , the netherlands are an islamic country . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yes , you are . 
  i think people will start using it for their smileys . 
  that 's what happened with the : and the ^ too . 
  `` democracy is like a train . 
  you take it where you have to go , and then you get off . '', 
  do n't worry , other countries will follow soon . 
  protestantism is way too crazy to survive in a secular environment . 
  edit : especially the reformed liberated . 
  politics and culture are not homogenous within a country either . 
  i 'm somewhat surprised you talk about `` the people in greece '' as if they were ... 
  i can only hope germany will move somewhat to the left . 
  because i do n't think the word anti-semitism should be used for anti-zionism .
