  i always wonder how people can mix up slovakia and slovenia . 
  what do these people expect tsjechoslovakia looked like ? 
  do we have a source that is not the daily mail ? 
  in dutch we call it nederland , which also means low countries . 
  the people who are in favour of forced conscription are n't necessarily the ones who will have to do it . 
  who can still say that the usa are n't trying to escalate the situation with a straight face ? 
  why does n't he just go by bike ?!, 
  it 's less polluting than a scooter . 
  and it stinks less as well . 
  edit : congratulations btw . 
  it all depends if it 's being brigaded or not . 
  really ? 
  i think there were more terrorist attacks in the last half of the 20th century . 
  but regardless , it does n't threaten our civilisation at all . 
  in the netherlands , the government is unwilling to implement integration programs because they do n't want to spend money on immigrants . 
  i know . 
  funny , the dutch far right already predicted the collapse of western civilisation due to migrants like , 15 years ago . 
  we 're still doing fine though . 
  but you have the [ best 10m of bicycle infrastructure ] ( http://homepage.ntlworld.com/pete.meg/wcc/facility-of-the-month/geoffrey-butler.jpg ) in the world !, 
  i remember the opening theme , so there 's that . 
  the dutch social-cultural mapping agency ( scp ) has done lots of research to it . 
  statistics about unemployment , official statistics regarding discrimination , surveys , interviews with employers and with non-western immigrants , writing letters of application with either a dutch name or a muslim name , and i think they even used some actors to do a job interview . 
  sadly , there is very little attention for it . 
  whenever the scp publishes something , the left-wing makes a couple of proposals to counter it , but no-one really dares to spend too much time on it out of fear of being called politically correct . 
  and the newspapers do n't feel like portraying non-western immigrants as victims either , so they keep it to a few small articles . 
  maybe paradox is willing to put it some cores if you write them a letter . 
  and you can always create your own iceland if you have the right dlc . 
  while the average in the netherlands is quite good compared to other countries , we have a lot of problems with discrimination . 
  the unemployment among native dutchmen is 5,7 % , and among the moroccan-dutch it is 19,6 % . 
  ah , i 'm sorry i was unclear . 
  i meant to say i do n't own real estate . 
  do you think i own any real estate ? 
  hahaha , no . 
  i have a large study debt , and by the time i have finished my study , i can take another loan in order to do my first scientific research and pay for its tu\u00eftion . 
  but even after that i ca n't buy anything , because they 're just making a new rule that you can only borrow 90 % of the value of the house you want to buy . 
  thank god the dutch government liberalised the renting market a few years ago . 
  the rent for new contracts already increased by an average of 25 % in just three years time , so by your logic the netherlands will drown in real estate by the time i need it . 
  allowing the house milkers to demand the jackpot sounds nice in theory , but if there 's no space it wo n't magically increase the supply . 
  it seems crazy at first , but there actually are people who want to deport the refugees to the nearest african country . 
  paper format on number 3 . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  it 's just a poor translation . 
  `` social and cultural mapping agency '' would be better . 
  it 's an institute for sociological research . 
  honestly , i would love to visit famous russian cities , such as st. petersburg , moscow , and sevastopol . 
  sometimes i think the netherlands is a backwards country , but then there is belgium . 
  denying teenagers their education over their clothes . 
  wtf are they thinking ... 
  i hope the responsible people will be fired for their racism . 
  turns out putting people in a concentration camp is not a good idea . 
  who would 've thought ? 
  the usa used to pay for their security themselves , but now they want european airports to pay for it . 
  i wonder if that would be worth it for the air ports . 
  especially if they all do it . 
  \u201e the united states want to expand their preclearence to schiphol , but the dutch air port will have to pay the lion share of those costs ( equipment and employees ) , such that ticket will become more expensive . '' ( my translation ) http://www.noordhollandsdagblad.nl/stadstreek/metropool/article27397478.ece, 
  i know what the word blasphemous means , i just do n't know what onemomentum is trying to say . 
  it said so in the article that was posted on / r/thenetherlands . 
  why would we want to pay for their security ? 
  just because they ca n't build their own airports to capacity ? 
  it may be faster , but who decides to go to the usa because of this ? 
  and is it really worth the extra cost of doing the check ? 
  immigration went dramatically wrong in the netherlands ? 
  if you count the rise of the far-right as a consequence of immigration maybe . 
  just providing an explanation how this can reach the front page with 60 % upvoted . 
  what do you mean by blasphemous ? 
  everybody knows that the only the oligarchy cares about ukra\u00efne 's well-being . 
  other discussions in / r/european , / r/swedenyes , / r/islamunveiled , and / r/whiterights . 
  the netherlands are higher than france ? 
  good work , germany . 
  keep it up . 
  it wo n't be long until we have political refugees from the western world . 
  `` tsjechia for the slavs '' and that 's supposedly moderate ? 
  i do not compute . 
  god what a racist fuck . 
  i did n't know tsjechia was that bad actually . 
  how could such a person ever make it to minister ? 
  can they really revoke a major football country 's membership though ? 
  the world championship would n't mean anything if a major contender is not allowed to participate . 
  does someone have a list of the 2.000 most used german words or something ? 
  i think that would be very useful . 
  is that so ? 
  i thought christians pray to christ and catholics pray to the ` holy ' people such as mary . 
  i did n't think i would ever say it , but i 'm happy the netherlands are christian rather than catholic . 
  it 's amazing how long it took people to find out that the pope is catholic . 
  subtle . 
   and you 're basing this on ... what , exactly ? 
  i know from first hand experience that some people take the number of immigrants into account when picking a school . 
   i do agree that our education system is kinda rigid and inflexible , but it 's not just non-white kids ; white kids are victims of it as well . 
  the system is too dependent on the goodwill of the teacher , instead of strictly adhering to the test results . 
  of course , it can happen to anybody . 
  when the test results are n't very clear , much of it depends on the teacher . 
  and immigrant children do n't get the benefit of the doubt very often . 
  the statistics also support this , as immigrants get a lower advice than native dutch children with a similar cito-score . 
  this has been going on for a long time . 
  did you even read the title ? 
  rutte i ( the previous , very right wing government ) changed the system so that schools get part of their funding based on test results . 
  but before 2012 that was not even the case . 
  i think the problem is two-fold . 
  on the one hand , a lot of dutchmen really hate immigrants , and will try to find their children a school with only a few of them . 
  on the other hand , we separate children by education level at the age of 12 or so .
