  would a nazi ever lie ? 
  because right wing extremism is very prevalent nowadays . 
  they 're a lot better than [ dutch bus stops ] ( http://www.gelderlander.nl/polopoly_fs/1.4524845.1418749369!image/image-4524845.jpg ) . 
  seriously , what 's the matter with the lot of you . 
  if a refugee wants to stay here it 's because he is n't an actual refugee and just wants free money from us , and if he wants to leave it 's because he was n't an actual refugee and just wanted free money . 
  you 're only trying to think the worst of them . 
  it 's almost like people fled in spite of their desire to be home . 
  it ca n't be invasion if it means the beloved forefathers did something wrong . 
  they are advocating no because the referendum does n't mean anything so they might as well grab some cheap votes . 
  very weak of theirs . 
  why stop at radical muslims ? 
  they should disenfranchise all political opponents . 
  denmark is n't so densely populated though . 
  it has the same area as the netherlands and only 1/3 of the population . 
  so whom will they vote for ? 
  do you think the republicans would stop it ? 
  here 's some mental gymnastics for you : it can still be racist even if the victim did something wrong first . 
  i hate this light pollution with passion . 
  i understand my first language just fine , thanks . 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't put it any clearer . 
  maybe a finn will be so friendly to translate it for you . 
  you asked for a lazily done summary , not for a source . 
  that 's what the hate speech charge is about . 
  he gave a speech a while back , i translate : wilders : \u201e i would like to get an answer from all of you to the following three questions . 
  three questions - please do give a clear answer - that define our party , the pvv . 
  and the first question is , do you want more or less european union ? '' crowd : \u201e less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less ! '' wilders : \u201e and the second !, 
  the second question is perhaps even more important . 
  do you want more , or less labour party ? '' crowd : \u201e less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  less ! '' wilders : \u201e and the third question is , and i 'm actually not allowed to say this . 
  because you 'll be charged , and there may be liberal prosecuters that 'll start a legal process , but the freedom of speech is a great thing , and we have n't said a thing that 's not allowed , and we have n't said a thing that 's incorrect , and so i ask you : do you want , in this city and in the netherlands , more or fewer moroccans ? '' crowd : \u201e fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  fewer ! '' wilders : \u201e we 'll make it happen . '', 
  his main argument was , that calling for the removal of an etnic minority is n't hate speech if it 's removal through deportation . 
  do n't feed him , mate . 
  yeah , and why is he even accused of racism ? 
  he only wants to get rid of an etnic minority . 
  i absolutely do , but unfortunately , people keep voting for him . 
  what 's the point of trying to get the american public to oppose it ? 
  it 's not like they have any say in it . 
  no , al jazeera is n't latin-american . 
  in dutch polls sometimes they do n't mention ttip at all and just ask if you like trade with the usa . 
  of course you 'll get a more positive response then . 
   how is voting for a different party `` burning down everything '' ? 
  it is n't . 
   you sound like a disgruntled left-winger who does n't want a single person to vote for afd . 
  why would i want a single person to vote afd /  funny is you guys call afd `` nazis '' but your own rhetoric shows you rare the real ones . 
  really ? 
  in what sense am i a nazi ? 
  it should be noted that this is only about jesus being the son of god . 
  as many as 17 % of the catholics still believe in god himself . 
  they vote afd out of spite because they ca n't get it exactly their way . 
  i can never understand why people would vote to burn down everything just because they ca n't get it exactly their way . 
  you can never expect to get it exactly your way in a democracy . 
  so one in five people in saksen-anhalt want the police to shoot refugee children . 
  i know where i 'm not moving . 
  you should vote out if you believe that it will make the spooky globalisation go away . 
  germany . 
  there 's currently a top comment on / r/thenetherlands stating that we simply ca n't improve gender inequality because we 're already the best . 
  the netherlands have a nonuniform smell . 
  so it 's just legalised child abandonment ? 
  they 're prefectly able to , they just do n't want to . 
  the plans i 've seen so far all involve eastern europe only getting a trivial number of refugees . 
  so the only thing i got wrong is that you technically do not need to live in the constituency where you are a candidate in ? 
  what 's wrong about it ? 
  the uk system is even crazier than that . 
  they 've got a voting restriction called `` local representation '' , which means you may only vote for politicians who happen to live nearby . 
  and if the plurality of your neighbours vote for a different candidate , you do n't even get any representation at all . 
  the netherlands already do this . 
  not intimidating the etnic minorities they dislike would be a good start . 
  these intimidation tactics really show the intellectual capacity of her political opponents . 
  my university is trying to force everybody to study in his second language because it 'd be more international , but when you want to do one of their langauge courses it 's $ 135,50 * . 
  * excluding course material, 
  it 's because call of duty players are their target audience . 
  ah well , it can happen to the best . 
  the first part of the article says : \u201e pegida leader edwin wagensveld was arrested during the demonstration against asylum seekers in ede . 
  according to the police , he was arrested for provocative behavious . 
  he wore a children 's hat looking like a pig 's head . 
  wagensveld had put it on after someone else had removed it at the police 's orders . 
  wagensveld was released after an hour because he had n't done anything illegal according to the public prosecuter . '',
