  i doubt it . 
  in the netherlands , all the average workers vote for a reduction in income tax and an increase in vat . 
  do n't ask me why , but it works like that . 
  what is it then ? 
  an old law to punish refugees ? 
  of course it is not illegal to help them in the netherlands . 
  but since you refer to these people as `` criminals '' i can only assume this is a cultural difference between the netherlands and denmark . 
  if an authoritarian government makes immoral laws , breaking the law is the right thing to do . 
  but that would be ugly . 
  ca n't have that . 
  or any far-right hate group , for that matter . 
  i think most people are aware of the dirty work america does . 
  i hope he wins , at least they wo n't be able to justify joining all the american wars . 
  it sounds pretty terrible that 70 % of them is so authoritarian . 
  i wonder how bad it is among other frenchmen . 
  well , it looks like not everybody likes the official state culture . 
  they just put the derivative at 0 without checking . 
  i hate it that this kind of researches never include the actual questions that were asked . 
  it 's impossible to judge what this means if you do n't know the exact question . 
  with the rise of the far-right in europe surely news like this is relevant for the public debate . 
  how the fuck is white supremacy ` innocuous ' ? 
  61 % upvoted  i wonder why the police refuses to comment on the case . 
  in dutch there is a song about the days of the week very similar to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=pl233821a3a8ab5e29&amp;v=q_8hwdoexdc ) . 
  i went to a roman-catholic primary school and one of the teachers there would ` accidentally ' start with sunday `` because god 's day comes first , obviously '' . 
  one time i asked her why sunday was god 's day , and she replied that god had a rest day after the first six days of creation . 
  putting a summary in the title will get your post removed for ` editorialising ' . 
  in the netherlands , people are free to give up their seat to someone else and i would n't know of any scandal about it . 
  apparantly not . 
  `` automatic '' ?!, 
  we 're talking about breitbart here . 
  also , even though racism is widely accepted nowadays , opposing it is not exclusively a far-left position . 
  can confirm . 
  a few years ago , the public broadcaster in the netherlands ( nos ) got a 24 hour ban after they posted an article that some belgian teacher had downloaded porn at a dutch university . 
  they still do that ?!, 
  will they call for a crusade as well ? 
  pro-tip : never underestimate british bigotry . 
  so what ? 
  all the influential islam critics in the western world use the phrases `` muslims '' , `` moroccans / turks / whatever nationality '' and `` non-western immigrants '' as if they were synonyms . 
  or are you arguing that it ca n't be racism because racism could n't possibly have a religious component ? 
  i certainly do realise many europeans are racist through and through ; i meant , of course , that it * should * have no place in the eu . 
  she 's completely right . 
  such discrimination has no place in the eu . 
  and who are you to tell me not to ? 
  i 'm not saying it is illegal . 
  the government is paying for all that crap so why should n't they know who owns it ? 
  all while a left-wing politician was fined for calling a far-right politician a racist on twitter . 
  nobody cared about freedom of speech then . 
  if your employer bans religious practices he obviously is n't secular , i do n't see why this concept would be so difficult to grasp . 
  mandating or forbidding religious practices for your employees js a direct violatiin of secularism . 
  i really do n't understand why you think the enlightenment was about anti-immigrant autoritarianism . 
  \u201e have the courage to use your own reason , and let your employer decide which religious practices you 're allowed to follow . '' - immanuel kant ( ; also i read the article , so maybe do n't be so fucking obnoxious . 
  it 's 2016 and religious persecution is a thing again . 
  who would 've thought ? 
  to illustrate this , the liberal party wanted to ban turks and moroccans from becoming minister , and then made a swede minister two years later . 
  well they do n't like turks ans turks have dual citizenship . 
  the rest is pr . 
  because he is n't racepure . 
  why 'd you think we 're discussing stabbings in australia on / r/europe these days ? 
  and this is with their most leftwing party in power . 
  can you imagine what will happen if the far-right takes over ? 
  it was made so that the police could target muslims more easily , and it works perfectly fine . 
   the court had ordered the woman to appear in person at the hearing on monday to defend her reasons . 
  when she did n't do that because of the media attention the case attracted , the court said its only possible action was to deny her claim . 
  so if i understand correctly , the court did n't rule that the school may decide what you can wear , but only denied her claim because she did n't show up due to intimidation . 
  i do n't know if that 's less worrying or more . 
  the dutch media really hate erdohan , so it 's no surprise they back anyone who opposes him . 
  they usually think black and white . 
  why ? 
  it 's quite obvious . 
  it 's brilliant , really . 
  if someone has too many civil rights you can just strip them away . 
  we should 've thought of that a lot sooner . 
  damn , when the far-right is so sour that they send death threats to stop muslims from having fun in a swimming pool it must be pretty bad . 
  stay strong , france . 
  maybe the people suppotting the egyptian military can move to egypt to free up some space . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  the geman neonazis recently overthrew a dctatorship , got democratically elected with a majority , and then lost power to a military coup , after which they got death sentences in shady court cases . 
  german neonazis are n't murdered for their views . 
  yeah , i 'm more surprised that so many people are willing to risk their life for nationalism . 
  i thought that attitude died out decades ago . 
  so they arrested him for looking arab and then put him in prison when he did n't like it ? 
  what a shit country . 
  on urk . 
  can you imagine you pull a prank on your vacation and then the spanish police arrests you . 
  it 's just pathetic . 
  well , i wonder how all the anti-censorship people of / r/europe are going to take it . 
  why ? 
  the populations changed a lot over this period . 
  i guess they 've got more money than taste . 
  as far as i know , the germans have long been unhappy about the nuclear energy . 
  i do n't think they would have made new nuclear power plants even without the disaster in japan . 
  what does it matter ? 
  well , it 's kinda true , do n't you think ? 
  we go to irak and syria to bomb them and they come to western europe to bomb us . 
  at least the germans have a chancellor who can keep her head cool in times of undirected panicing . 
  when the perpetrator is brown . 
  as far as i know it 's quite standard to leave out the middle name . 
  especially for suspects they should n't even do the surname . 
  you do n't automatically get the maximum sentence in the netherlands . 
  why ?
