  oh come on , it 's not similar at all . 
  a leading politician who puts pressure on the judges or a random guy 's letters that are n't even read . 
   pretty sure congress , as evidenced by c-span , is a open session and not a closed one . 
  so why do people who tell what your government 's doing get inprisoned or chased out of your country ? 
  ah yes , if an american complains about the american government he is a freedom loving hero , and when a european complains about the exact same american government he is anti-american . 
  not every person 's vote has the same weight . 
  you have only two parties even though the political spectrum is n't binary . 
  you do n't even have trias politicas , leading to lawyers changing your laws and politicians who send letters to a judge to let them know what outcome they hope for . 
  your state is allowed to keep their immoral practices a secret ; how can the people ever vote on that ? 
  that are some of the more important problems i see with the american system . 
  edit : instead of just downvoting to show disagreement , please tell me why you guys disagree with me . 
  why would we copy a failed , undemocratic system ? 
  no , but there are people who buy two or more pills on an evening . 
  or so i 'm told . 
  that would be kind of strange when they 're $ 20 , - each . 
  why make a plot for a porn film ? 
  it is , on the other hand , pure gold if anyone needs an original plot for a romcom . 
  first , the gay gets rejected by the man he loves . 
  he then decides to date a woman , so his fellow asylum seekers will stop beating him up . 
  then , the man changes his mind and wants to date him after all , leading to a hilarious double date scene in which the gay dates both the woman and the man at the same time , even though they do n't realize that . 
  probably in the kalverstraat . 
  and i also heard some pills had a picture of an apple on it , so that may explain the high price too . 
  how typical that a rich western cis tall white straight young germano protestant middle class man like you says that . 
  oh great , we 've been sending neoliberals again . 
  sorry guys . 
  where did you get these statistics from ? 
  i 've lived in a neighbourhood close to a camp for years and i never had any problems . 
  they can , but they have to prove they are gay while at the same time staying in the closet , in case they are not believed and sent back home . 
  they are only believed if they fit the stereotype or if they have a boyfriend . 
  of course it 's nonsense , but chodechugging ca n't hold on to his belief that leftists are idiots and racists are nice if he does n't make stuff up . 
   to be fair , is there anyone who actually lives near gypsies who does n't dislike them ? 
  to whom is this question being fair ? 
  also , yes . 
  i know plenty of people who actually live near gypsies and do n't dislike them , myself being one example . 
  sadly , the majority of the people are still being bigots , resulting in discrimination against these gypsies . 
   it 's always easy to be intolerant of anything from a distance . 
  unless you actually meet gypsies on a daily basis , it 's just empty talk . 
  ftfy, 
  it really depends on the topic . 
  if the thread is about something you need two brain cells for , it 's full of decent people . 
  but when it 's about muslims or gypsies , the racist swarm comes out of its nest . 
  nah , it 's just that such articles and threads like this one attract racists , while the more intelligent people are not so interested in it . 
  english 1,000,000.00 = non-english 1.000.000,00 . 
  as someone who studies physics in dutch , but has english books , this leads to lots of silly errors . 
  ( `` hey , i 'm a factor 10 ^ 12 off . '' ), 
  about 2 months a year . 
  i think we always had that , so maybe that 's why it was n't on the front page for three weeks . 
  unlike the wolf . 
  i do n't really get why though . 
  one would think that , in a free market without government regulations , the demand for safety would erect several competing police companies , delivering the highest safety for the lowest price . 
  oooh the irony . 
  deny the racism against gypsies in europe on a forum called / r/europe on which hate against gypsies gets upvoted to the top . 
  hahaha , ` to pay the bills ' . 
  i ca n't speak for portugal , but in the netherlands no bills were paid . 
  instead , our provinces have billions of euros which are still unused , after more than a decade . 
  except for the province of zeeland , they have no money left after they invested all of it in icesave . 
  seriously ? 
  in the netherlands , calling someone in another country used to be extremely expensive . 
  we 're lucky that the eu has decided to make maximum prices , otherwise we would be paying more than 5 times as much . 
  so funny that they could suddenly drop their prices by 80 % . 
  :d but yeah , free market mechanisms totally lead to the lowest price for consuments . 
  wow , i never realized that reddit is * this * far to the right ... really , the privatisation of public assets and other neoliberal policies did n't bring anything good . 
  but nooo , better turn a blind eye and hold on the the mistakes we have made so often already . 
  who would 've thought anti-terrorism laws would ever be used in a non-terrorism issue ? 
  people can speak french even if they are not born in france . 
  indeed . 
  french speaking ! = french, 
  french speaking people have ruled all over europe for centuries . 
  they were fucking arrogant and never even bothered to learn the native language of the land they owned . 
  i know it 's not france , but i think that 's what the stereotype comes from . 
  edit : why is this buried in downvotes ? 
  last time i checked my history book , dutch aristocrats and even our first king barely spoke dutch , because they were all french speaking . 
  i thought this was the case in most european regions ... ? 
  nah , i do n't actually think that 's the case . 
  after all , would * you * agree with that statement if you lived in france ? 
  by the same people at the same time ? 
  ah , that explains why france has such a large number of people who disagree . 
  are german protestants lutheran or calvinist ? 
  [ our king ] ( http://apiedapie.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/prins-neus.jpg?w=640 ) of course . 
  is that really what the song is about ? 
  in the netherlands , the ` top 40 ' is n't a list of popular music , it 's a genre of its own . 
  at the moment avicii - wake me up is at no . 
  1 , so i guess that song is n't worth listening to . 
  i can give you guys a review in a week or two , because by then , the local supermarket will have played it so often i know it by heart . 
  well that 's funny , we do n't even have any guns to defend ourselves . 
  i think it depends on the colour , so spain is evolving to rounding up , and india to tipping in limited circumstances . 
  i hate it that there 's so much racism like that in our country . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're specifically asking for , so i 'll just write down what i know . 
  the active ingredient in ecstasy is called mdma . 
  in a normal case , there are a couple of things that pose a risk : it takes about an hour before you feel its effects ( so do n't take a second dose ) , it ruins the next day and makes you eat less , and it increases body temperature and the speed at which the heart beats . 
  a bigger risk is that you ca n't see from the outside what inside the pill . 
  a while back , i read in the newspaper about two guys who thought they took six pills of 70 mg mdma each , and ended up taking six pills of 180 mg mdma each , thus overdosing themselves . 
  also , some drug dealers sell ecstasy with no mdma at all , and use another active ingredient instead . 
  every year , about 5 to 10 people die because of ecstasy in the netherlands . 
  it 's helping because there are virtually no drug dealers on the street . 
  it 's much safer for ` soft drug ' consumers ( soft drugs are drugs for which we have a * gedoogbeleid * , and it excludes for example cocain and heroin ) , and for people living in such neighbourhoods . 
  there is a lot of criticism on the policy though . 
  the left-wing parties and the progressive right wing all want some form of government-regulated soft drugs production , and some of them want to legalize the coffeeshops too . 
  there is currently an experiment going on in the city of rotterdam , where they 're producing their own drugs . 
  on the other hand , the three christian parties all want to stop the non-enforcement policy .
