  and i 'm not surprised , as it 's not the first time . 
  `` nobody actually disagrees with me , they 're just pretending . '', 
  no , not the protestors . 
  only the people who actually live in that municipality . 
  [ according to nu.nl ] ( http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/4165865/komst-azc-heeft-weinig-invloed-woningmarkt.html ) , azcs do n't have a significant impact on the housing market . 
  pretty much . 
  far-right groups are traveling through all the country to intimidate their political enemies . 
  this place is in the centre of the netherlands , so i suppose that 's why they got it worse . 
  it was the evening the locals could give their opinion , but instead the far-right shows up to riot . 
  the eu wo n't stop until all privacy is resigned . 
  you literally said that being dutch implies etnicity . 
  just saving this post in case someone thinks / r/europe does n't upvote racist shit . 
  funny , when facebook used its decency rules to censor political posters , nobody on this subreddit complained . 
  when german websites remove hate speech , everybody panics . 
  well , obviously they had to postpone it until after the elections . 
  it would look very political if they had done it before . 
  yeah , because it is fucking stupid . 
  i do n't even know how it became popular ; i 'm pretty centrist myself but i still see that not all non-centrist ideas are the same . 
  depends how far you want to go back . 
  probably slave trade , genocide , and colonialism . 
  no viking without robbery . 
  \u201e do you know who else made lists ? 
  hitler did . '' - / r/europe , december 2015, 
  huh , that 's kinda funny actually . 
  i 'm surprised you managed to editorialise that title even further . 
  of course they do n't call him a racist openly , that would be politically correct . 
  but they surely think he is . 
  yeah they co\u00f6perated with them , and with what effect ? 
  the cda , the biggest and most influential party since wwii , is a marginal party shouting from the sideline now . 
  and the moment wilders thought he would benefit from it he stopped his support . 
  besides , even on the right wing they ca n't deny his racism anymore . 
  i love how germany and sweden get all the blame for the refugee crisis even though neither country has armed syrian rebels and both countries actually alleviate the situation in border countries by taking in refugees . 
  goes to show how utterly retarded the european right wing really is . 
  he is always polling as the biggest party yet he has never got the most votes . 
  and even if he would , i do n't think a majority would want to co\u00f6perate with them . 
  they 're completely crazy . 
  some people want front national , more people do n't . 
  that 's how it goes in a democracy . 
  that 's another big advantage indeed . 
  i really do n't understand how people in for example the uk can accept that they may not vote for people who live too far away . 
  it 's such a ridiculous idea ... 
  just kill some people , it might make them stop . 
  i wonder how long it will take reddit to find out that gays and muslims are groups with varying political beliefs . 
  people dislike racism more than solidarity ? 
  what a surprise . 
  i hope we can set up this mini-schengen so at least it wo n't affect us too badly . 
  i went to a papist primary school and a christian secondary school and i turned out just fine . 
  i 'm not a liberal . 
  and going to a religious school will not make you bad at spelling . 
  the government is not to decide how people raise their children . 
  wearing a tea towel around your hair or murdering your food in a just slightly more cruel way than usual is hardly the same as capital punishment . 
  do n't you worry , if i 'm on reddit for a full afternoon i too lose the ability to tell seriousness from sarcasm . 
  ... it was sarcasm . 
  i actually think the reactions here on reddit are quite overblown . 
  well of course , secularism also means the government ca n't just ban religious practices . 
  giving teenagers a book to read is basically stalinism . 
  it 's a shame god was unaware of game theory . 
  as always , those from countries with the fewest refugees complain the most . 
  two paragrafs really is n't all that long . 
  you are exaggerating more than a little . 
  of course i have noticed that the mods remove the worst of all the racism here . 
  this `` emergency '' power grab needs to stop already . 
  wups , sorry for interrupting your safe space . 
  it 's exactly the same in the netherlands . 
  media are too afraid of being called politically correct and so they use eufemisms like anti-immigration . 
  and rightly so . 
  what 's the point of banning one book if people can simply browse r/europe anyways . 
  the so called `` galgenhumor '' is also pretty popular in the netherlands . 
  did you ask them ? 
  are we talking about statute miles , american statute miles , or about nautical miles ? 
  considering , that even the supposedly leftist frenchmen use authoritarian anti terror laws to shut down criticism of the environmental policies , i have little hope for fance . 
  and the beginning of the berlusconi era . 
  it 's so we can take your tax money instead . 
  the labour party consists of the same liberal filth as all the other parties . 
  king 's day , when we get drunk and let the police freely arrest republicans . 
  so if i 'm reading this right , over half the french do not realise they even have the right to vote , and during the past year , 2 % - point or 1,2 million frenchmen forgot that they have the right to vote . 
  oh no , a lawyer doing her job . 
  how unpatriotic . 
  even in the supposedly feminist places in the world , gender roles go strong . 
  though i have some hope it will improve over time . 
  he 's the kind of politician that literally promises everybody 1000 euros right before the elections . 
  i mean , he probably is n't as corrupt as his fellow liberals , but how you can find him trustworthy is beyond me . 
  is it maybe because he is right/far right like you ? 
  eastern european solidarity : taking eu funds with one hand and stopping refugees with the other . 
  meh i do n't like it . 
  he tells the biggest lies with an even bigger smile . 
  these political spectrum charts are always terrible at conveying different parties ' ideologies . 
  what should happen is n't always what happens . 
  letting people starve and freeze as punishment for not going back to the warzone / dictatorial regime they just escaped . 
  i will not vote labour again anytime soon . 
  ... liberals * are * conservative . 
  you talk like i 'm an official representative of the dutch government . 
  i 'm not . 
  dae people with a dutch flair must necessarily hate the environment ? 
  unless you 're a minority and most people ca n't be bothered to show up and defend your rights . 
  that 's because the netherlands also sacrifice the climate for short term profits . 
  oh telegraph , you try so hard . 
  good job poland , sacrificing the climate for short term profits . 
  can we please keep the public space for everyone , not just for whomever the goverment endorses . 
  i did n't think i 'd ever say this , but i 'm happy we have merkel as the voice of reason now most other conservatives are in full panic .
