  i did n't say it 's what he said , i was just pointing out the hypocrisy much of r/europe suffers from . 
  putin does bad things , so the ukra\u00efnian government must be the good guys !, 
  it should be noted though , that google probably removes more than strictly required , just to avoid having to fight over it in court . 
  all right , just keep in mind she did n't actually say that and that it 's your own imagination . 
  i do n't see how you think they could get stability if they are supporting one side ( a government that does n't want to talk and uses its army against its own people ) , while refusing to co\u00f6perate with the other side . 
  i also do n't see why you put the italics there , as if it 's some kind of revevlation . 
  it 's not like if she 's hiding that she wants to co\u00f6perate with the pro-russian side , too . 
  that 's actually her point , she 's criticizing merkel for supporting one side and ignoring the other . 
  what ? 
  standing up against anti-semitism and racism , and trying to stabilize ukra\u00efne a bit as to avoid a full civil war ? 
  all right , she does not support the pro-eu oligarchs , but how you come to the conclusion that she supports the evil russian enemies remains a mystery to me ... you have to keep in mind , even if * you * think that the enemy of her enemy is her friend , it does n't mean that she also thinks so unnuanced . 
  in fact , she has n't said at all that she favours russia or the pro-russian ukra\u00efnians . 
  i do n't think you understand the speech very well ... 
  look , she is saying that we should stop supporting the new ukra\u00efnian government because it is leading their country into civil war , and that we should stop ignoring the ` other ' side , but instead come to a solution both sides can agree on . 
  and all you conclude is that she 's supporting evil russian enemy terrorists and that she 's thinking too black and white ? 
  seriously ... edit she also mentions the fire in odessa . 
  i do n't know if your country 's media reported on it ( the dutch media did n't ) , but she 's right and it was no russian propaganda . 
  this shit is what they 're doing , and we support it . 
  why not ? 
  well , because the enemy of our enemy , is our friend . 
  and then you say it would be too black and white to oppose this shit mentality . 
   she is basically defending pro-russia terrorists ( ... ) the picture she paints is way too black and white . 
  i hope you see the irony in this . 
  meanwhile , the dutch government stores all the medical information about patients on an american server `` but do n't worry , they promised not to steal it '' . 
  when the old government was still in power and the people were protesting , our ministers of foreign affairs went there to speech for them . 
  they said everything they could to imply that we were going to help them and get them in the eu , without actually saying it . 
  furthermore , they could have pushed for early elections . 
  i 'm sure they would 've been able to do so , since the protestors would n't have come anywhere without our help anyways . 
  but instead , they pushed for this new government , consisting of all the people who protested there ( yes , including the neonazis and other far right ) . 
  the pro-west movement in ukra\u00efne won everything , and the pro-russian east lost it all . 
  it was impossible that they would accept this . 
  and it was also impossible that russia would just accept the loss of their black sea navy base ( in fact , this navy base was probably a part of the reason why we supported the protests so much , at least for the usa ) . 
  the eu and our foreign ministers should have looked for a solution western ukra\u00efne and eastern ukra\u00efne could both accept , i.e. 
  new elections ( and making sure it 's fair ) . 
  but they did n't , and now the russians are on crimea and the rest is in conflict . 
  do n't worry , i 'm getting used to it . 
  but what if we want to make an even bigger one ? 
  is it the extra-extra-large hadron collider ? 
  i think it 's better to stick to the system and name them the very large hadroc collider ( vlhc ) , the extremely large hadron collider ( elhc ) , and overwhelmingly large hadron collider ( olhc ) . 
  the neutrino thing was wrong indeed . 
  if i recall correctly , one of the cables was a bit longer than they expected , so they underestimated the time the neutrinos needed to travel the distance , so they ( wrongly ) got a speed higher than the speed of light in vacuum . 
  the higg 's boson is real . 
  it 's what they built cern for , to check if it exists ( and consequently , if the theory that predicts its existance is any good ) . 
  if we 've learnt one thing from srebrenica , then it 's how it is pronounced . 
  except for their role in the de-stabilisation of ukra\u00edne , then we say nothing . 
  who the fuck decided that this law applies to newswebsites ?!!??!?!!?!?!?!?!, 
  wauw , it 's a great improvement then !, 
  and i also read today , that renewable energy is now the biggest in germany , too . 
  good job , chaosdada !, 
  wow , good job guys !, 
  i hope the netherlands will soon follow your example . 
  it 're the people who say mean thing about honest racists . 
  then why were they yelling that they thought they would win ? 
  ** `` in commonwealth english , a government more narrowly refers to the particular executive in control of a state at a given time . 
  goddamn , you are dense . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government * `` in commonwealth english , a government more narrowly refers to the particular executive in control of a state at a given time -- known in american english as an administration . 
  in american english , government refers to the larger system by which any state is organised . 
  only in american english . 
  normally , it 's only the executive . 
  it 's not a part of the government . 
  the parliament is not a government . 
  yeah right , that there are some of them in the parliament doens ' t mean that they have any power . 
  yay !, 
  i love civil wars . 
  andrej paroebli , a co-founder of the ukrainian nazi party ( now part of sboboda ) , leads their national security council , which has direct responsibility over their army and secret services . 
  yeah , we 've got to remain the no . 
  1 in tapping phone calls . 
  maybe they can spread some jihadist propaganda too , and organise some violence , so it looks more dangerous . 
  sounds like they want more money again . 
  then what do i do with slovenia , croatia , georgia , azerbeidjan , armenia , en the european part of turkey ? 
  it 's eastern europe as soon as the languages are getting wierd . 
  it 's eastern europe as soon as the languages are getting wierd . 
  repost since my original comment got buried : corruption in the netherlands : high-ranking civil servants in the nza ( dutch health care authority ) and the vws ( ministry of health ) have accepted offers made some co\u00f6perations . 
  corruption in the netherlands : high-ranking civil servants in the nza ( dutch health care authority ) and the vws ( ministry of health ) have accepted offers made some co\u00f6perations . 
  we win !, 
  there are no biased stories . 
  there are only articles that show how pro-west ukra\u00efne is the good guys , and pro-russian ukra\u00efne the bad guys . 
  different news does n't make it to the newspapers . 
  well , ca n't speak for all the countries , but the dutch media * are * lying to us about ukra\u00efne . 
  edit : well ... 
  i 'm sure the people who downvoted me do so because they read a couple of well-written , unbiased stories about ukra\u00efne in the dutch media . 
  might as well give me a link to one of those articles then , because i would like to read something that 's not crappy propaganda . 
  that happens all the time . 
  bush never had an approval rating as high anymore , as he had the day he invaded irak . 
  right . 
  have they ever rejected a euthanasia request ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  belgium has plenty of governments . 
  ah yes , combined with the other map i have to conclude that , too . 
  i was confused because this map explicitly says it 's homicide per 100.000 inhabitants rather than homicide per 100.000 inhabitents per year . 
  well yeah , but you 'd have to divide all the american numbers by three in order to compare them to the european numbers . 
  2,50 - 6,99 is rather misleading though . 
  the one for europe is only one year , but usa is three years . 
  so in reality , the murder rate in the usa is pretty low , too . 
  i 'm not sure if european laws say that spying is allowed on non-citizens in the first place . 
  wait , i have 5 weeks ? 
  haha , if only . 
  meh , i think it 's the same here in the netherlands . 
  women are always expected to do the housekeeping . 
  many dutch women who have a job are highly subsidised part-time secretaries , who are allowed by their husband to save up some money for the holidays and pay for daycare .
