  ah , i see you have n't read it . 
  they were demanding from kiev that all right sector members that were in prison would be released , and they threatened to retreat from eastern ukraine to come fight kiev instead . 
  ( the ukrainian government promptly released all right sector prisoners . ), 
  i 'm sure nobody who upvoted this comment refers to the separatists in eastern ukraine as `` terrorists '' . 
  the people who go fighting the separatists * are * fascists . 
  just read [ this letter ] ( http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/08/17/letter-to-the-president-of-ukraine-from-the-right-sector-military-political-movement/ ) they wrote to their government in kiev a while back , if you want to see what kind of people it are . 
  they are n't nice people . 
   on that day we mourn all those who died in wwii . 
  actually , only those on the allied side . 
  edit : apparantly , we only mourn the dutch who died during a war ( wether it is the second world war or not ) . 
  if that were true , a 10 % increase would be very large . 
  we 're already so low on jobs ... 
  i do n't get why you people are downplaying the results of these sanctions for us so hard . 
  oh no , there 's a foreigner living in my street !, 
  better vote fascist . 
  ah yes , we badly needed a ukrainian version of russiatoday . 
  then why do n't you write them a letter that their jobs need to be sacrificed for our political games and that they 're insignificant anyways ? 
  i 'm sure it will cheer them up . 
  my best bet is that we 'll be in recession again in a few months . 
  who the fuck upvotes the same news to the front page twice ? 
  how is it a challenge if it 's not challenging ? 
  lol euromaidanpress, 
  if it were up to me , we 'd legalise marihuana as soon as possible , so a normal farmer can grow it instead of a bunch of criminals who pay some corrupt politicians . 
  10.000 characters/post, 
  wow , editorialised title much ? 
  jep , that 's correct . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/vk/nl/2686/binnenland/article/detail/3241101/2012/04/16/willem-alexander-en-maxima-kopen-villa-in-griekenland.dhtml ) is the article you 're refering to . 
  right next to putin and connery . 
  they also have fenced off a piece of the greek coast , which is against the greek constitution . 
  but a greek minister made sure they 're above the greek law too . 
  opstelten ( people 's party for freedom and democracy ( vvd ) ) decided to buy the royal family a fence around their villa in greece for $ 461.000 of state money . 
  edit : it should be noted that , while this article got removed when i previously posted it because u/obraka thinks it 's an opinion that minister opstelten ( vvd ) decided this , it 's actually in the article that it was his decision . 
  opstelten decided it , and he 's a minister for the vvd . 
  who cares who shot the plane ? 
  we 've already punished russia anyways , so it does n't really matter anymore . 
  here in the netherlands , we 're on the other side of the spectrum . 
  the media have chosen the pro-kiev side in the ukraine conflct , so negative news about them is not printed , while every negative rumour about russia is taken at face value . 
  pointing this out , however , will most likely mean you will be called a conspiracy theorist . 
   why would a 70 year old choose to use an electric bike as opposed to using an electric wheelchair which is what they have been using for years ? 
  yeah , i do n't understand that either . 
  i would ask them , but i ca n't because they go too fast for me . 
  ah , what a world we live in , where even environmentally friendly transportation is adapted to use electricity . 
  and it 's dangerous too ; all these 70 year olds going 20 km/u without being able to steer properly , they 're a danger to the real cyclists . 
  if i were to decide , they would 've been illegal for a long time . 
  jep , we 're going into a recession again . 
  it is to my understanding that the vast majority of the ferguson citizens are black , while its police force consists mostly of white people . 
  chances are , they have been unhappy about it for a long time . 
   no other developed country seems to have this problem actually , in the netherlands a policeman also killed an unarmed black teenager who was running away a while back . 
  did n't get any form of punishment . 
  how would you know ? 
  a lot of things can happen in 50 years . 
   the dutch are culturally arrogant , especially toward the americans , but also towards much of the rest of the world . 
  almost every discussion about political matters ends up as a discussion of how their country is better than america -- even when no american is involved . 
  the zwarte piet debates are a good example of this too . 
  the dutch instinctively feel that this whole issue is about the americans attacking them . 
  they should just print all the relevant news , instead of being so fucking biased they only print it if it re\u00efnforces the view that pro-kiev is good guys , pro-russian is bad guys . 
  we do n't have many mountains in the netherlands . 
  jep , it 's insane . 
  but it wo n't be in the western newspapers , so we can pretend nothing happened . 
  it 's real . 
  i do n't know why they did it . 
  my best guess is , that the national government sets some sort of quotum for more bicycle infrastructure , and some city councils do n't see the point and just opt for the cheapest way to fill the quotum . 
  they also have [ a protected version ] ( http://homepage.ntlworld.com/pete.meg/wcc/facility-of-the-month/whitgift.jpg ) for extra safety , and one with [ extra visibility ] ( http://homepage.ntlworld.com/pete.meg/wcc/facility-of-the-month/higham-posts.jpg ) . 
  the netherlands are no longer the only ones with bicycle infrastructure . 
  [ the uk has reallocated three parking spaces , too . 
  ] ( http://homepage.ntlworld.com/pete.meg/wcc/facility-of-the-month/geoffrey-butler.jpg ), 
  update : according to rianovosti , kiev has released the right sector members that were in prison . 
  * its, 
  yeah , it 's completely dominating this subreddit . 
  one would think it would be enough that more than half the posts are about ukra\u00efne ( 11/20 on the top page as of now ) , but they still spill over to other posts . 
  it 's a shame , because this could be such a nice subreddit to learn about my fellow europeans . 
  / r/worldnews also removed dutch language articles i posted , but not other non-english articles i reported . 
  i suppose their rules only apply if the mods disagree with it . 
  he 's implying that the kremlin is paying you to defend rt. 
  it 's quite an accepted debate strategy here on / r/europe if someone calls you out on your shit . 
  do you eat other kinds of plastic , too ? 
  i wonder how much the businesses support it that actually depend on their trade in russia . 
  ah , i did n't know about the other islands . 
  here in the netherlands , there 's a village called urk which used to be an island before we made a polder around it . 
  the people there always get pissed when you say `` in urk '' rather than `` op urk '' . 
  not counting the aghanistan peace mission , of course . 
  why do you say `` in malta '' and not `` on malta '' ? 
  first use the army against their own people , and now deny them the help they need . 
  these people are completely nuts . 
  i think most dutchmen have gone to the highest point . 
  it 's also the tripoint between the netherlands , germany , and belgium , so it 's quite popular for schools and such . 
  the highest point of the netherlands is also the tripoint of the netherlands , belgium , and germany . 
  they 've been doing that for months . 
  it was approved by the russian red cross , not by the international one . 
  apparantly , it 's all a big propaganda lie from evil russia sending evil humanitarian help to the noble ukrainians . 
  if they lose in the elections , no . 
  if some people protest against the government , the prime minister flees the country , half his party members flee and the other half suddenly converts to another party at the sight of the armed mob coming for them , and if they would , as a bonus , make some neo-nazis minister and put a few others in charge of the secret service and army , then i would probably protest , yes . 
  edit : in the past i thought journalists were too incompetent for their job , but now i know they write down only half the story because the truth hurts too much for most of their readers . 
  what do you mean , they did n't start a civil war ? 
  they took over the government illegally and then went after their political enemies . 
  do you think they could have reasonably expected that the people in eastern ukraine would accept that ? 
  well , when he illegally loses his office after an armed mob took over ... 
  still sending weapons which the ukrainian army then uses against its own people . 
  how many loads of ` humanitarian ' help have we sent already ? 
  and russia only needs to mention it to get hate from all .
