  though for most jobs , you still need to be able to speak the native language . 
  if you do n't want to learn another language , you should go to the uk i 'm afraid . 
  * ge\u00fcpdatet, 
  those fucking eastern european beasts just come here to steal our cattle . 
  the dutch are n't made out of sugar , so they wo n't melt in the rain . 
  yeah , i can confirm this . 
  i live in a hilly part in the east , and it seems like people cycle even more over here . 
  we have a lot of sport riders here who come to climb our hills . 
  not me of course , 50 m is * high * man , too high for me . 
  sometimes i think the euro was designed a hundred years ago . 
  dutch euros also have the text `` god zij met ons '' ( may the force be with us ) . 
  yeah i know , i was responding to the op . 
  seriously ? 
  i thought the cdu was the only confessional party in germany ... 
  the dutch use pseudo-anglicisms like beamer , smoking , old-timer , and checken too . 
  i especially like the word ` beamer ' . 
  because it can also mean ` someone who confirms everything ' . 
  :d and of course , coffee shop . 
  wow , that 's crazy . 
  why do n't german politicians want to change this ? 
  of course , they 're just as bad as other private companies . 
  there is a reason the capital is in belgium . 
  that 's true . 
  he mixes up his word order a bit , but he does n't have a heavy accent . 
  geert wilders has ~ 33 % in the polls , not ~ 10 % . 
  in fact , even in the netherlands people in amsterdam are known for their horrible accent . 
  in a standard dutch accent it would sound like `` issunt it weert ? '', 
  i could answer it twice if necessary . 
  i wonder what the english police will do if they start to protest . 
  in the netherlands , they 're just arrested . 
  dutch here . 
  [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yej-d86pksw&amp;list=tlkhkuu4mvmvi ) about the public response to a car-cyclist accident may be interesting for you . 
  and so are the other videos on that channel . 
   the ministry of transport acknowledges that widespread adoption of fully autonomous vehicles is still 25 years off , :d yeah sure . 
  it will probably take another 50 years , and be finished by the time we ca n't drive cars anymore for the lack of fuel . 
  yes . 
  he grew up in a caravan camp ( not sure if that 's the right phrase ) . 
  good . 
  to be fair , i would n't want to let roma do a low skilled job in my house . 
  if you let them clean your roof , they will just make some holes in the roof and claim to just have spotted them , only to offer to repair them for a lot of money . 
  roma who are not the worst kind of people generally leave their camps and go live in a real house , no longer being identified as a roma . 
  because of this , only the bad apples are associated with the roma label . 
  quite ironic that you are now the insulted one who asks me to move on . 
  if you just had n't been such a dick in the first place ... 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  you do realize it was a joke right ? 
  i 've checked it , in the netherlands it 's only $ 4,95 . 
  yes , because with a republican president it would be ok for european leaders to suck the us ' cock . 
  nope . 
  dutch law has an exception for kosher and halal slaughter methods just to allow it . 
  an important distinction is , that the dutch are the tallest people on earth , and the danish are only the second tallest . 
  dutch supermarkets only buy their meat from muslims because they slaughter their animals in name of god . 
  it 's horribly discriminatory . 
  sadly , it has not been banned . 
  is voting itself obligatory , or do belgians just need to be present ? 
  they also censor posters of political parties . 
  she should face 1000 years of jail for de-secrating an orthodox cross . 
  facebook has always censored unwanted politics . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i give it two more decades before all edible fish species are extinct . 
  edit : the saddest thing is that fishing is n't even economically viable . 
  but the fishermen get a huge eu subsidy to continue their malpractice . 
  i heard that , if it 's a succes , the eu will give subsidies for human sacrifices to odin and to re-introduce gladiator fights to italian toddlers . 
  adding the vatican would n't change the map , as its borders would be in rome itself , and therefore not be visible on a map with this resolution ( where rome is simply a dot ) . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  it just means that a bird could fly to the capital of morocco faster than to the capital of spain . 
  ascending or descending order ? 
  and snowden does n't even play chess . 
  oh , i did n't mean they died . 
  :p just good politicians who were mocked for calling a racist a racist , and a fascist a fascist . 
  it 's a bigger tabboo than the racism itself here in the netherlands . 
  edit : this is not only the case among the 1/3 of the people who support him . 
  ah , i had failed to notice that . 
  dutch / english / french here , i have to say i 'm surprised german was excluded , being the most spoken language in europe ... 
  yes . 
  black people are ok as long as they conform , but atm they are just getting children and want to vote and all that shizzle . 
  probably , they 're just reproducing to destroy us . 
  we have lost good politicians over this . 
  for the record , wilders believes , among other things , it 's totally unacceptable if any dutch city would have a non-white majority , and he believes that the moroccan-dutch minority requires a violent approach , as they are the worst thing that happened to our country during the past 100 years . 
  the pvv is definately not a regular neo-liberal , anti-leftist party . 
  a part of the things people voted against as a constitution became a treaty instead . 
  a neighbour of mine walked to santiago de la compostella and got one for it . 
  i offered him quite some money , but he refused to sell it . 
  i 'm going to read some wikipedia articles on croatia next sunday hehehee, 
  it 's only so if you use a lubricant . 
  well , german has a different l , but i do n't think the ck or kk makes a difference . 
  i know , did n't mean it was wrong . 
  the real ones are only 5 cm i guess . 
  as a child , when my parents and i went to belgium by car , i 'd always know exactly when we had passed the border . 
  because that 's when i wake up . 
  i love the way you use now now in english . 
  is the dutch pronounciation different from the german one ? 
  i heard that only 98 % is pure flavor . 
  the other 2 % is only 56 % flavor . 
  i think it 's about ~ 503.492.041,103 241 437 . 
  at least it makes * some * sense . 
  for some reason , the dutch prefer dyslectic advertisers ... 
   so if someone made a minimum wage for freelancing transactions 2 things can happen : you get the same amount of work which is great , but now with better conditions , or they may decide to not give you any work , because for example for that higher price they can get an older , more experienced translator . 
  get that ? 
  in that case it is worse for you .
