  is that so ? 
  but how about the european agriculture subsidies ? 
  i certainly do n't see a strong left/right divide there . 
  in fact , it seems like left-wing parties are more opposed to them than right-wing parties . 
  furthermore , there have been quite some influential left-wingers who were staunch supporter of free trade , such as karl marx or friedrich engels . 
  because this subreddit is fascist domain now . 
  honestly , i quite like it that wilders is so popular over here . 
  hopefully , they will realise they can discuss politics with actual freedom party mps on stormfront and move to that website instead . 
  do you not believe in free trade then ? 
  do n't you think it 's a bit drastic to remove a democratically elected government from power were it to disagree with you on this issue ? 
  and a clock that runs backwards is right four times a day . 
  talking about problems only wilders dares to face , has he proposed a solution to the moroccan problem yet ? 
  i 'm sorry , but does the frase * national economic interests * mean something different than what i think it does ? 
  because it does not appear to be particularly leftist . 
  protectionism is leftist now ? 
  regardless , the freedom party is traditional , monocultural , and anti-egalitarian ; and is in favour of discrimination based on religion , etnicity , and political denomination . 
  they are quite obviously far-right , and not centrist . 
  but good luck with your study anyways . 
  `` finally some sense from our politicians . 
  refugees = okay , economic migrants = nay . '', 
  he wants an ` honest ' debate on ` the moroccan problem ' , he wants to codify the ` judeo-christian ' culture in our constitutuin , he wants to cleanse our streets from muslims . 
  do you really think that any dutch party is more extreme than that ? 
  finally ? 
  he 's been saying stuff like this for over a decade . 
  that 's only 6.400 a country . 
  is that really all , or am i missing something ? 
  is it actually germany doing the cuts or are you making it all up ? 
  well , it * was * intentional . 
  brave eastern europeans heroically failing to help refugees , i 'm so proud right now . 
  maybe he does n't speak french , or has family / friends in the uk . 
  i really like progressivism as well , but i think it 's a bit too optimistic to believe they can solve it in a few hours . 
  is she some celebrity ? 
  are we really going to post it on reddit every time a refugee commits a crime ? 
  it 's actually pretty clear to me . 
  the red countries have refugees , and the grey countries do n't have data . 
  it 's funny that the same people who whine about failed integration are the same people who demand people are only let in if it 's promised they will never integrate . 
  i do n't know what i like more , this action , or the liberals being confused whom to hate . 
  what does it matter what they vote ? 
  they will do the cdu program anyways . 
  and herman van veen , is he still known around there ? 
  i wished we had such a politician in the netherlands . 
  he is right . 
  if they have no solidarity , then we do n't need to enable them . 
  haha , picture 17 is so happy . 
  i hope they manage to pick up their life again . 
  look , assad is really bad so we should give the rebels some weapons . 
  the enemy of our enemy is , after all , our friend . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  i can completely understand the danish on this one . 
  it 's just too risky too let those savage , barbarian desert people into the country . 
  what if they 'd brutally slaughter a healthy giraffe and put its remains on display ? 
  that would be terrible . 
  i wished the other mods were more active as well . 
  he obviously can not handle it alone given the current state of / r/europe . 
  a lot of people are unhappy with its current state . 
  i 'm happy that dclauzel at least tries to improve it a bit . 
  do n't the netherlands take part in this ? 
  the father had all his teeth pulled out by isis . 
  fleeing from torture is greed now ? 
  when the severe facts can not be proven , they wo n't get a severe punishment . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  literally every single time such a case appears , the answer is that the supposed crime has n't been proven . 
  i know they are separate institutions , but it is a non-issue . 
  why are you bringing it up constantly ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's nato or eu . 
  because there 's only so much housing available at the moment . 
  our welfare systems will definitely not collapse due to a growing number of people at working age . 
  i never implied that the nato is the eu . 
  i was just pointing out the hypocricy that estonians want help , but when asked if some trivial number of refugees can be housed in estonia , the vast majority ( 78 % ) says no . 
  [ estonia asks for troops to be stationed in estonia permantly . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/may/14/russia-aggression-prompts-estonia-latvia-lithuania/?page=all ) [ net contribution to the eu . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/spl/hi/europe/09/eu_budget_spending/img/graph_net_contrib_466x485.gif ), 
  i do n't smoke . 
  \u201e please help us !, 
  our economy !, 
  our defense !, 
  ... what ? 
  help 200 refugees ? 
  never ! '' - your average estonian, 
  it 's kinda true though . 
  when children come into contact with other cultures , it 's much harder to indoctrinate them . 
  i think christianity will finally be a marginal minority in as few as twenty years from now . 
  economic left/right : -8.88 social libertarian/authoritarian : -6.97 what do i win ? 
  except hungary has build an actual fence . 
  france , the uk , and the usa have started this madness by sending weapons to rebels , and now people get mad at germany for taking responsibility . 
  it 's the world upside down . 
  nope . 
  we should never have let these retarded eastern block countries into the eu in the first place . 
  this is their thanks for our help . 
  this problem hurts us ? 
  it 's a european problem . 
  this problem does n't hurt us ? 
  it 's their problem . 
  because burning refugees is so much better . 
  they 're transfered to drenthe , not to holland . 
  edit : i get it , you do n't like additional info . 
  can the insults please stop now ? 
  i was complaining about people who are downvoting posts that are n't about immigration . 
  how is that `` attempting to silence people '' ? 
  and believe me , i do report racism when i see it .
