  the netherlands , where the political party that opposes women 's voting rights wants to ban muslim parties because they supposedly are antidemocratic , where the prime minister wants etnic registration and believes antillians should get a differently coloured passport , and where the media fill their pages with crimes commited by immigrants . 
  yet intellectuals dont dare to speak out against racism out of fear of being called politically correct . 
  so fucking weak . 
  i think roemenia and bulgaria do n't get so much attention because they are improving , while greece is falling down hard . 
  they already have 25 % unemployment , 50 % youth unemployment , and their banks are about to go bankrupt . 
  which one will be the first time to go ? 
  i 'd hope the dutch one , but there 's little chance . 
  if we can believe the department of information , everybody loves the monarchy here ... 
  wow ... so if i understand this right , half those fotografs were taken by the killer ? 
  nope , if you click on them they will take you to an article . 
  oh well , the western media have found a new quote to whine about . 
  i suppose it 's easier than making a more serious report . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people only read the title and the comments . 
  it 's quite sad . 
  at first the police denied it , too , but later it was proven that they killed him . 
  the police also claims that henriquez pretended to have a weapon , and none of the witnesses can confirm that . 
  in case people wonder what the dutch police 's policy is regarding antillians , [ this ] ( http://www.nikthemadag.nl/doc/63/62/workshop/62-09.html ) workshop they get sums it up nicely . 
  i 'll translate : \u201e if an antillian feels he is n't respected , it may be enough reason to stab or shoot an opponent . 
  by stabbing or shooting someone , the situation is even again and he gains his opponent 's respect . '' it should be noted that this workshop is only for the department that solely deals with antillians , so i do n't know if these five policemen had to do it . 
  it 's god 's punishment for forsaking greece . 
  the dutch government just allowed the secret service to tap everything . 
  we 're better off without them then . 
  that 's true . 
  but those countries have already been more to the right over the past decades , so people are probably getting sick of it . 
  in northern europe it will take another decade or so until the same thing happens . 
  i 'm not so pessimistic about it , actually . 
  during financial problems people always become more selfish and turn to the right or even far-right . 
  once the tides change , people will come to their senses again . 
  how would you know it was n't the other way around ? 
  how could anybody think that this is ok ? 
  these people should face a judge as soon as possible . 
  i hope the employees take their chance to turn it into a no vote demonstration . 
  god , what a failure of democracy when employers abuse their power like that . 
  wait , you ca n't do that anymore ? 
  well , i hope the ca n't do too much damage . 
  it 's a minority goverment after all . 
  other discussions on / r/whiteright , / r/islamunveiled , / r/nationalsocialism , and / r/european . 
  in the netherlands we have the sp , but the media usually campaign against them . 
  yet the same people who do that , also complain that muslims never dissociate themselves from the violence . 
  apparantly , it happens even if no mod does this . 
  what varoufakis does not comprehend is , that hate is the liberal 's ground state , and that they can only be excited with enough money . 
  the greeks have no more money and thus they will have to suffer . 
  they may not punish cypus , but it will definitely hinder the politicians ' international carreer . 
  why 'd you think all the small countries want to go to war whenever the usa do so ? 
  same reason . 
  actually , i disagree . 
  instead , we should all talk in dutch , since that 's the best language . 
  waarom * why * zouden * should * we * we * het * make * per * a * se * rule * zo * like * moeten * that * doen ? 
  but we 're so persecuted !, 
  hey glenn , lynched any sjws lately ? 
  of course it is for him to decide ; he is a mod . 
  because there 's a megathread . 
  for real , tsjechia , a * stul * is a table ? 
  brown hair and dark eye colour . 
  you know there 's a problem with your democracy when 1/3 of the people votes for a joke party . 
  the nato ( excluding the usa ) has the second biggest army in the world ( after the usa ) . 
  what ? 
  no , that 's nonsensical . 
  the english word order is very strict compared to the dutch . 
  very loose find i the english word order not . 
  no , that 's not really a problem . 
  sometimes i do n't know if i should refer with he/she/it , but overall it is n't much worse than in dutch . 
  i guess the plural is a bit easier to learn , but that 's about it . 
  what , i 'm populistic now ? 
  because i make a reddit comment opposing wilders latest populist action ? 
  it 's not about standing up for free speech , it 's about polarising the debate and getting publicity . 
  if he cared about free speech he would n't want to ban the quran . 
  \u201e look what i did !, 
  look !, 
  all watch me !, 
  i have muhammed cartoons . 
  are you not offended ? 
  if you 're offended you lose !, 
  i have cartoons !, 
  everybody look at me , i have offensive cartoons ! '', 
  i think he 's mostly very destructive . 
  we have quite high levels of racism in the netherlands , but no-one really dares to speak out out of fear of being called politically correct and losing more votes . 
  not a good situation . 
  they only mention the ethnicity if the perpetrator is an immigrant . 
  maybe they had no respondents from northern ireland . 
  so far , every attempt to make a national muslim party failed due to a lack of votes . 
  what do you mean ? 
  edit : maybe one of the downvoters could explain it to me ? 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a good idea to emphasize the greek relations with russia . 
  if greece gets kicked out of the euro and turns to russia or china , we 're sure the usa will put the colonels back in charge . 
  i do n't understand it either , but then again , i 've never been in a war zone . 
  in the netherlands , the only political party that strives to a theocracy is christian . 
  of course they will let him . 
  this plan has been announced like ten times , and wilders never got the reaction he had hoped for . 
  hah , interesting . 
  i 'd like to see some studies if you have them at hand . 
  please do n't let the downvotes scare you off , this article has also been linked to on / r/european and / r/whiterights . 
  i thought the elections were a few weeks ago ? 
  wow , good point . 
  i have never seen it from that perspective before , it 's a true insight in right-wing thinking to me . 
  could you please try to make your point without personal attacks ? 
  thanks . 
  my point still stands . 
  ` social-democracy ' is no social-democracy if you remove all the undesired groups from the equation first . 
  as a social-democrat , i 'm in favour of the fair distribution of knowledge , wealth , and power .
