  the large number of tenses which all follow strict rules , and the word order which is really strict as well . 
  dutch is much more flexible with these two things , so i guess that makes it harder . 
  french spelling is a lot more reasonable though . 
  only the last few letters are silly but at least you can guess the correct pronunciation 99 % of the time . 
  it 's even worse than i feared . 
  we will probably get a full rightwing government now ... 
  i 'm not at all happy about this . 
  same here . 
  i really do n't see any connection between a flower and flour , yet they sound the same , and they both translate to the dutch word * bloem * , which has a completely different etymology ( as far as i know , anyways ) . 
  i do n't think people outside of the netherlands volunteer so much anyways . 
  i usually sat on a stone , eating my luch , waiting for the bell . 
  i think it 's probably brabant . 
  a popular comedian actually uses a brabantian accent for his shows . 
  i tried to improve my german a bit by commenting on / r/de , but i never got a reply other than complaining about all the mistakes i made . 
  i brought lots of sweets back home when i went to america and we threw them all out because nobody wanted them . 
  works in dutch as well . 
  what i find interesting is , that bloem and flower sound nothing alike , and that bloem can also mean flour . 
  what a great coincidence . 
  bromberen, 
  why 'd you think the brits felt the need to make a propaganda song about ruling the waves ? 
  and maelstroom , even though we got it from scandinavia . 
  just tell them it 's time for dinner , then they 'll leave . 
  do n't you have the saami ? 
  for politicians , it 's very uncommon in the netherlands . 
  some politicians have a light accent , for example henk kamp and emile roemer , but that 's all . 
  for the media , i do n't really know because i do n't watch so much television . 
  a popular comedian , theo maassen , speaks accentless dutch but talks with quite a strong accent during his shows in order to sound funnier . 
  protesting without government permit and calling someone a racist on twitter are things that really should n't be illegal , but are . 
  yes . 
  in the netherlands , everybody in the group must be over 18 . 
  for example , a woman who 's running some messages with her 8 years old child can not buy wine . 
  ugh , i remember we had to learn about these ultranationalist poets who were so happy about ww1 because it enabled them to die for their country . 
  we never had a spirit week . 
  spirits were banned from our school after someone drank himself into a coma . 
  always learn the language of course . 
  or do you only plan to stay for a short while ? 
  i went to a camping site in germany and they had showers with a glass door . 
  plain glass . 
  what the hell . 
  are they pronounced the same ? 
  as a general rule , my house should be 18 \u00b0 c. 
  i have no way to enforce it though . 
  which language do you speak better ? 
  hello fellow nonperson , want to eat some breadgods with me tonight ? 
  yes , pretty much . 
  except when a woman gets a massage from a physiotherapist . 
  brrrrrr . 
  10 crowns : 1 \u00d7 norway 5 crowns : 1 \u00d7 denmark 2 euro : 1 \u00d7 spain 20 eurocent : 1 \u00d7 netherland , 1 \u00d7 a rake with six teeth , do n't know what country 5 eurocent : 5 \u00d7 netherland , 1 \u00d7 spain , 1 \u00d7 oak leave with two ~ ~ dickheads ~ ~ acorns , 1 \u00d7 weird mask 2 eurocent : 2 \u00d7 spain , 1 \u00d7 slowakije 1 eurocent : 1 \u00d7 spain 1 cent : 3 \u00d7 usa, 
  [ a je to !, 
  in dutch it is only used for titles ( like book titles , film titles , andsoforth andsofurther ) , for quotes , and for foreign words . 
  wow , why do you hate the king so badly ? 
  what did willem-alexander ever do to you ?!, 
  i , for one , think king 's day is fun !, 
  i do n't see why you oppose fun . 
  ^ about that strong and advanced . 
  i always heard they registered their last name during napoleon 's rule , and they just picked whatever nonsense because they did n't think it would stick . 
  our current queen is from argentina . 
  her father was [ a minister under videla ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wglu8z8msr8 ) , so she 's certainly not a commoner if that 's what you mean . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  i hate it when tourists say they 've seen all of our country when they 've really never left london . 
  it depends wether or not you 're a forty year long family friend . 
  i do n't think it 's particularly wise to base your world view and ethics on iron age ramblings . 
  in thirty years , the only religious people left will be those caught in a cult and schizofrens with a manic episode . 
  in western europe at least . 
  yeah , i could hardly believe van gaal was n't english when i first heard him speak . 
  when you 're at a birthday party , you go around the room and congratulate everybody . 
  we do n't really have such lunatics in the netherlands , though some of the die-hard liberals in the conservative party are hinting at it every now and then . 
  i 'd say dutch . 
  i 've lived in europe for all my life , and i can say from personal experience that the vast majority of the europeans speaks fluent dutch . 
  being anti-russian or anti-chinese is pretty normal in the netherlands , but most people adore the usa . 
  in the netherlands it 's mostly the moroccans . 
  in the netherlands , we have laws against racism but you can never use them because it 's impossible to prove . 
  when we did colonialism and slave trade . 
  damn that last part was depressing . 
  yes , they 're extremely excited in the netherlands . 
  a while back we had global climate talks in the netherlands , but all our newspapers were too busy reporting how obama had used some dutch words in one of his speeches . 
  kinda pathetic really . 
  pls stop, 
  no , not jehova 's witnesses . 
  they never come to my door , but i go to the inner city quite frequently and the christians are there to look for people who look emotionally unstable . 
  they usually go after emo kids or handicapped people , but i suppose i qualify as well because i 'm a man with long hair . 
  it 's usually reformed christians who tell me i 'm intrinsically evil and that i 'm unable to do any good , so i only have a chance of going to heaven if i get the lord 's goodwill . 
  sometimes , though , it 's seventh day adventists who want me to sing about happy jesus . 
  i do n't know how it compares the the usa , but religious people only try to convert me about once a month . 
  what media do you read lol, 
  there was a rather big attack in brussel last week and they killed about 30 people in a country of 11 million . 
  they may be scary , but there simply are n't enough terrorists to pose a real threat . 
  you 'll probably have a bigger chance of dying if you stay at home because you might be run over by a car or something . 
  the republicans have put a fullidiot in front but will opt for an aristocrat at the last moment , and the democrats go for a hawk again . 
  i do n't remember it any different . 
  i would probably not vote because i disagree with the election system . 
  i think elections on national matters should take place at the national level , not at the local level . 
  and it 's not like if i like either candidate anyway . 
  there are so few dutch actors , we get the same ones in every film . 
  if there 's even a single actor or actress you do not like , though luck . 
  the countries at europe 's borders , greece and italy , ca n't handle the number of refugees . 
  so far , only germany , the netherlands , and sweden have been willing to help them out , but it ca n't go on forever . 
  hence the plans for distribution . 
  unfortunately , eastern europeans only accept solidarity if it means we give them money , and we ca n't expect anything at all from the uk . 
  so it wo n't happen .
