  those are all translated though . 
  what the hell is wrong with the french lately ? 
  something in the water ? 
  we never use the - jhg . 
  a real dutch word would look something like `` angstschreeuw '' or `` zeeeend '' . 
  well , it 's illegal . 
  but armed thugs can occupy official buildings , scare the governing party away , and form a new government with the leftover politicians . 
  it may not all be nice , but it is still happening ... 
  i do n't get why everyone is questioning this so much . 
  ok , it was probably rigged , but even without voting it was obvious most of them want independency . 
  they are richer , have more resources , and are second-rank citizens with this new government . 
  how could anyone think they would accept that ? 
  i wonder what the rest of ukraine will do now . 
  will they send the army ? 
  and what happens to the elections ? 
  if they do n't let the donetsk people vote , they basically admit that it is independent . 
  but they can not let them vote because they have no power there . 
  especially in comparison to the dutch seagull . 
  what does it matter ? 
  they do n't make it to the finals anyways . 
  if it were for me , i 'd reinstate the rule that every country has to sing in one of its own languages . 
  i 'm glad we have some independent news sources to provide us with reliable facts . 
  in dutch , we do n't have the a pronounces like in flat . 
  we also do n't have voiced consonants at the end of a word , so we use an f instead of a v , an s instead of a z , and a p instead of a b. 
  as a result , the words bat , bad , bet , and bed all sound the same . 
  wait , it is n't pronounce * skwirrel * ? 
  by the way , the english word * acorn * is a loanword from dutch . 
  it comes from the word * eekhoorn * , which means squirrel . 
  :p i can imagine some communication went wrong a couple of centuries back . 
  butterfly and newspaper . 
  and dutch !, 
  came here to check if the top post was about the twenty murders being defended `` because the other side 's evil '' . 
  was not disappointed . 
  i just told you they have the second highest position in the ukrainian security council ... maybe they have more positions ... 
  i would n't know since dutch newspapers do n't like to publish inconvenient facts . 
  i know . 
  they have the second highest position in the ukrainian security council , that leads the ukrainian army and secret service . 
  the highest position is for svoboda . 
  a couple of months ago janoekovitsj and some of his fellow party members fled the country since they were afraid to be killed by the protestors . 
  some of the others left his party and joined another one . 
  the right sector got some important positions in the new government . 
  it was all pretty big in the news . 
  but that would n't make any sense , since the gas , coal , and brown coal hardly changed during that year . 
  and the nuclear energy production only changed from 15,8 % to 15,4 % , while green energy increased by a similar amount from 22,8 % to 23,4 % . 
  i think it 's more likely to be the weather or economy , or some other cause i ca n't think of right now . 
  because parties like svoboda and the right sector are in power now . 
  eh , germany actually increased by 2 % , not decreased . 
  that said , it 's nice that they chose in favour of green energy indeed . 
  i wonder why their co2 emissions still increased . 
  i suppose they had colder weather or some economic growth or something . 
  the ttip gives companies the power to file a lawsuit against new laws , essentially taking power from politicians and giving it to lawyers . 
  the ttip is a disaster for our democracies . 
  that 's a hell of a lot worse than some bad relations with russia . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  your edit reminds me of something i read yesterday . 
  in the guardian , most of the commenters are rather critical too ( much more critical than the actual journalists ) , and it lead to [ this article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/may/04/pro-russia-trolls-ukraine-guardian-online ) in which the guardian accuses its own commenters of being shills paid by poetin . 
  the propagandists have been working overtime lately . 
  the main tactic seems to be to either say the exact opposite of the truth , or accuse your opponent of what you 've been doing yourself too . 
  these reasoning ... it shows clemens wergin is so nationalist he has lost all contact with reality . 
  a poll shows 45 % of the germans are firmly pro-western and 49 % believes we need to talk with both sides , and he concludes that germany is anti-american and pro-russian ? 
  it shows the exact opposite . 
  he draws a parallel to the iraq war and calls the opponents of it hypocrite . 
  but there were never even talks of boycotting the united states . 
  no , there were only two camps , and neither of them wanted to impose a trade embargo against the us ` because it 's more important than trade interests ' . 
  no , there was only a camp that did n't want a war , and a camp that even wanted to participate in it . 
  wergin must be a deluded nationalist , it can not not be the case . 
  and the new york times decided to publish this garbage . 
  at least it 's on the opinion page , though i still think we may clasify this as propaganda . 
  yes , the guardian , it will always rule the world . 
  we have reached the endpoint in history and all will be stable from now on . 
  the people who 'd rather spend billions of euros on power sources that are not renewable ( fracking , nuclear , etc. 
  etc. ), 
  will have to come with actual arguments . 
  while it is true it is against poetins interests that we become less dependent on russia 's energy , we can do the same by using renewable energy rather than fracking . 
  and for some reason , these ` pro-poetin ' people do want to invest in other energy sources . 
  jesus christ , these tries to tie criticism of fracking to poetin are getting pathetic . 
  look , this is why the article on bbc is so wrong . 
  not only do they deny the dudes are anti-semitic , they also failed to inform you that the reason for the ban was , that the mayor feared they 'd be violent ( which turned out to be true ) . 
  you 'd better be careful , because next time you claim the holocaust is a lie and want to gather with your fellow anti-semites to a place only 4 km away from the remembrance ceremony for the holocaust , and the mayor decides to ban it because he fears for the safety which will turn out to have been a valid concern ; i will take away all of your rights by questioning the way the bbc denies that these people are anti-semite . 
  why the hell is the bbc defending these antisemites gathering on the 4th of may ? 
  it 's not actually what obama thinks , it 's just a propaganda comment made by one of his enemies . 
  because it 's not actually what putin thinks , it 's just a propaganda map made by one of his enemies . 
  there are plenty of people who learn dutch . 
  in fact , there are more germans who learn dutch than the other way around . 
  hahaha , -29 for saying that gathering a couple of political enemies in a building and setting it ablaze is horrible , and +6 for saying it was provoked . 
  i think / r/europe is competing with the dutch newspapers who can publish most war propaganda . 
  i think that in bulgaria , there are so few thieves left you do n't even need to lock your ferrari anymore . 
   and to think people try to suggest people are n't homophobic in russia and it 's all propaganda :\\ people really do that ? 
  that 's no reason to assume he 'd hide drugs ... and secondly , ketchuptube did n't mention he 's black , so i do n't know where you got that from . 
  the netherlands passed a controversial law about it a couple of years ago . 
  the police can set an area in which they stop and search everyone . 
  it 's highly inefficient though : they can spend hundreds of man-hours on it without actually finding something interesting . 
  the liberal party is currently trying to make it more efficient by changing it so that the police do n't need to search everybody in the area , but are allowed to choose for themselves whom they search . 
  that way , they can skip the nice elderly white couple , and go straight after the 20-something ethnic men . 
   they checked his asshole for drugs multiple times . 
  they can do that ?!, 
  do they not need to have some reason to believe he would hide drugs ? 
  the usa would n't want to go into an armed conflict or any trade embargo of importance , but they would love to see russia and the eu bother each other . 
  no , i did not . 
  i was refering to other lies the usa have told to further their agenda , such as the weapons of mass destruction in iraq , or the incubator baby murders in koeweit .
