  german is the most spoken language in the eu , so i 'm definitely planning on learning that . 
  however , i do not see how everybody dropping his first language would improve anything . 
  consider this : many people already struggle with their first language , and even more people struggle with legal texts in their first language . 
  so how are they supposed to read legal texts in another language ? 
  surely , they should be able to read and understand those . 
  that has been the basis of our legal systems ever since the romans published their laws in the fifth century bc . 
  english already is an official language of the eu . 
  i think most other groups have already been spread out in the past . 
  edit : they added all those qualifiers because it 's part of an action plan to counter problems related to eastern european labour immigrants . 
  good . 
  and i 'm making bread with cheese and appelstroop , so we do n't have to buy food at those expensive german road houses . 
  are sorry , but i ca n't find an english article . 
  but i shall try to summarize it . 
  the pvda ( ` labour party ' ) made a plan to counter all the problems concerning eastern european immigrants . 
  employers who need an alot of hard working eployees that do n't need to have a high education often hire easter europeans because they 're usually cheaper . 
  partly because those eastern europeans do n't know their rights , and also have trouble communicating with dutch institutions . 
  they get less than the minimum wage , their work conditions violate regulations , and the job contract often includes a rent contract . 
  the pvda wants to separate rent contracts and job contracts by outlawing the situation in which the employer is also the landlord ( i 'm actually surprised this is legal ) . 
  among other things , they wrote :  ` er is niets mis met een poolse buur , maar er is wel wat mis met vijftien poolse buren in \u00e9\u00e9n eengezinswoning . 
  `` there 's nothing wrong with one polish neighbour , but there * is * something wrong with fifteen polish neighbours in one family home . 
  this results in noise pollution , pollution in the street , and quarrels in the front lawn . 
  for the people who live next to that , their home is n't a home anymore , and we have to help them . '', 
  they then argued for spreading eastern europeans over the city , so there wo n't be such big concentrations anymore , and called for a limit of one person on 12 m \u00b2 . 
  ( which is actually quite a high density , can you imagine a house of 96 m \u00b2 with 8 men in their 20s ? ), 
  especially this last quote , the limit of one eastern european for 12 m \u00b2 , is considered racist by livable amsterdam and various far right news sources ( most notable geenstijl.nl ) . 
  they present this not like if it 's a limit to increase living space for them , but as if it 's a maximum number of allowed immigrants . 
  they criticize it in a couple of different ways . 
  some say it 's hypocrite because when the pvv calls for fewer morrocans it 's racism , but when the pvda calls for a limit it 's good . 
  others say it 's hypocrite because the pvda does n't want a limit for ` their own voting cattle ' ( probably refering to muslims ) . 
  in case you 're wondering ; if there was actually such a limit , the netherlands would have a maximum of 3.460.500.000 poles . 
  maybe all fifteen of us can go on vacation together to alleviate the stress a bit . 
  and in the meantime , the labour party has been reported for racism to the police by leefbaar amsterdam ( a party that had connections with fortuyn ) . 
  the reason why ? 
  the labour party made a plan to improve the living and working situation for eastern europeans . 
  sometimes i do n't understand this country . 
  have you read the article ? 
  it 's laughable . 
  take this for example :  the russians condemn ukrainians , and those from the western part in particular , as extremist nationalists . 
  do you know who also condemns ukra\u00efnians as extremist nationalists ? 
  the european parliament . 
  less than one and a half years ago , they told ukra\u00efnian politicians to never form a coalition with the svoboda party , because they should never come close to getting real power . 
  you can read that [ here ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+ta+p7-ta-2012-0507+0+doc+xml+v0//en&amp;language=en ) . 
  i 'll quote the relevant part : * `` the european parliament ( ... ) is concerned about the rising nationalistic sentiment in ukraine , expressed in support for the svoboda party , which , as a result , is one of the two new parties to enter the verkhovna rada ; [ and the european parliament ] recalls that racist , anti-semitic and xenophobic views go against the eu 's fundamental values and principles and therefore appeals to pro-democratic parties in the verkhovna rada not to associate with , endorse or form coalitions with this party . 
  '' * exactly these people are in the illegal government now . 
  one of them even has authority over the ukra\u00efnian army and secret service . 
  of course , the european parliament conveniently changed its mind . 
  but really , you can take any part of the article and you 'll hit some crazy . 
  another example ? 
  all right . 
   fascism rests on mob rule , not laws . 
  and i know what you 're thinking . 
  too bad the article 's writer also knew , so he quickly added :  mob rule guided by the leader of course , not mass protests outside his control . 
  yes , and germany and the usa financed a violent coupe d'\u00e9tat . 
  the-american-interest . com lol, 
       finally a way to truly delete your facebook account . 
  thank you eu . 
  you ca n't delete it already ? 
  since doctors have heard this statistic too , they actually over-diagnose schizofrenia in ethnic north-africans . 
  edit : i read back the article i read , and apparantly it 's wrong what i said . 
  it 's not because of a bias of the doctors , but because of the questions they ask . 
  apparantly , north africans actually believe in ghosts and mysterious voices etc. 
  etc. , so they are admitting to that even if they 're not schizofren . 
  they 're still exploring this argument though ( but there is n't any other known cause for the higher schizofrenia rate ) . 
  always be postive : maybe they only exclude it because they 're going to ban it anyways . 
  i doubt the eu will come with economic sanctions , given how much they will hurt us too . 
  and do you really think we 're going to tell all the oligarchs in the world that their money is not safe with us ? 
  just wait until all the edible fish are extinct , then it 'll be easy as pi . 
   instead of investing in future generations ? 
  err , you got no education ? 
  no hospitals for you ? 
  no infrastructure ? 
  haha , yeah , i remember my first semester . 
  i 'm happy i finally learnt i should just go with undercooked rice all the time . 
  it are mostly the people from holland who do that . 
  is it really that bad in the randstad ? 
  that 's funny , i was just about to complain about the myth that we 're all calvinists . 
  i feel like voting for the european elections would only validate the current system . 
  if you 're not intelligent enough to participate in discussians , you can always chant `` europe good , elsewhere bah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ad '' in order to show your support . 
  the willful ignorance is strong in you . 
  so the european parliament made it all up then ? 
  i do n't see why you would believe all the propaganda the newspapers publish when only a few months ago no-one denied that the svoboda party is in fact a nazi party . 
  the founder of the national-socialist party is in the national security council for the svoboda-party , ffs . 
  does that not ring any ( alarm ) bells ? 
  they control the policies regarding the environment , yes , just like they control the food exports . 
  i do not see how my logic fails . 
  their name svoboda refers to the nsdap , and [ this ] ( http://i82.photobucket.com/albums/j270/johnnygunn/svoboda-original_zps20f8e7ad.jpg ) is their logo . 
  they are nazis . 
  on 13 december 2012 , less than one and a half years ago , the european parliament warned the other ukrainian parties that the svoboda party should never come anywhere close to the power , because they are racist , anti-semitic and xenophobic nationalists . 
  source : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+ta+p7-ta-2012-0507+0+doc+xml+v0//en&amp;language=en now they have the minister of agriculture and andrej paroebli , founder of the ukrainian national-socialist party ( now part of svoboda ) , currently has the highest position in the national security council . 
  edit : hence my comment that the eu has lost its remaining credibility . 
  not in the netherlands of course , because dutch newspapers do n't print critical articles on the new ukrainian government . 
  luckily i 'm able to read belgian , so i can read their newspapers . 
  well , they have the minister of agriculture , and considering the ukraine is a big exporter of grain to other eastern-european countries ... if they reinstate the export limit , the prices in the surrounding countries will rise again . 
  what , having nazis in your government is n't a bad thing ? 
  til . 
  it really is just one party that glorifies national-socialism , the svoboda-party ( and maybe a couple of independents , too ) , and they only control the ukrainian police , army , and legal system , and the eastern-european food production . 
  so i do not understand why anyone would worry about that . 
       the municipiality of amsterdam has conducted a research , which found that . . to everyones surprise . . terraces are more filled when it 's nice weather than terraces in rainy weather . 
  the research took a couple of months . 
  it was just a remark in a research to noise caused by terraces , it was not its goal .
