  unless you 'd actually start attacking us , we 'd be safe . 
  they 're already in ukraine . 
  in dutch it would be rabarberbarbarabarbarbarenbaardenbarbierbierbar . 
  there 's no barb\u00e4rbel though . 
  dutch and english , and a little bit of german and flemish . 
  it 's actually spelt `` archa\u00efsch '' in dutch ( [ source ] ( http://woordenlijst.org/voorvoegsel/a/219 ) ) . 
  furthermore , it 's called a * trema * . 
  an umlaut actually changes the way a vowel is pronounced , while a trema merely starts a new syllable . 
  sexy huh ? 
  it 's to denote the start of a new syllable . 
  do the brits really care about the queen 's opinion ? 
  it sounds so archa\u00efc . 
  well ... my hope is on the germans . 
  recently , the [ right sektor threatened ] ( http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/08/17/letter-to-the-president-of-ukraine-from-the-right-sector-military-political-movement/ ) to come to kiev and fight the politicians there . 
  the government promptly [ released all prisoners ] ( http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/08/17/right-sector-will-not-march-on-kyiv-withdraws-ultimatum/ ) that are member of the right sektor . 
  tell me about it . 
  the liberals are ru\u00efning the netherlands , and have destroyed much of what took decades to build up . 
  agreed . 
  i prefer to call it `` the first european republic '' . 
  it 's quite a big problem in the netherlands , as young people have such shit contracts while old people have more rights . 
  instead of improving the situation for young people , the liberals decided to take the rights from the rest . 
  they call this ` modernisation of the labour market ' , and it 's quite popular , especially among young people ( ironically ) . 
  they believe that if old people can be fired more easily , they will have a better chance to find a good job . 
  it should be noted though , that you also have a right to find a job . 
  so if you have a contract that says you ca n't work for a competitor in the same field , a judge can shorten it ( for example to one or two years ) if he feels like . 
  but then you can still not do the job you was educated for for a year . 
  in the netherlands you have the so called ' 0-urencontracten ' ( 0 hours contract ) . 
  the employer has no obligation to actually give you any hours , he can call you at any time and you will have to work the next day , work days up to 12 hours , minimum wage or even lower , and if you quit your job you are not allowed to work for a competitor in the region , forcing you to move to another place . 
  yay liberalism . 
  oh no , i should stop commenting fast , otherwise iiowoii will insult me in a reply !, 
  wait , they can just give away citizenship ? 
  how can this be legal ... 
  ah ok , that sounds all right then . 
  in the netherlands , the king can also veto proposals . 
  is it a ceremonial monarchy , or does the queen have any real power ? 
  from the russian playbook ? 
  it 's not just russia that mentioned the federalisation/decentralisation of ukra\u00efne . 
  only the ukrainians themselves do n't know it yet . 
  hence why it 's a surprise that the separatists are now okay with autonomy . 
  please stop talking riddles . 
  would they also tell the higher ups for reading blick.ch then ? 
  hah , your flair makes this comment . 
  ^ ^ if only i could get my fellow dutchmen to read foreign newspapers ... 
  i 'm not trying to sell anything ... 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying now . 
  wow , that was unexpected !, 
  i hope they do it quick , before they change their minds . 
  hah , the dutch media have been making this picture for months . 
  but i 'm being sarcastic quite often too , and usually without a good reason . 
  it was the `` deliver truth against the grip of russian propaganda '' part that made it sound like a cult . 
  that 's why i thought it might be sarcastic , but apparantly , it 's not . 
  well , on the one hand , the sentence `` deliver truth to people that are still in the grip of russian propaganda '' sounds like if you are trying to make some parody of a cult , but on the other hand , / r/europe is hyperbolic enough for it to be serious . 
  are you being serious or are you sarcastic ? 
  in the netherlands , we use `` pamperen '' as a synonym for spoiling , because they 're way too luxuous . 
  russia has some pretty offensive ideas , too . 
  it sounds rather formal to me . 
  it 's not a colour foto . 
  hmm , there 's no-one in particular , even though i like jeroen dijsselbloem , our minister of financial affairs ( pvda , labour party ) . 
  he 's a lot more competent and honest than the previous one . 
  though i really do n't like the labour party anymore lately . 
  roemer and van bommel ( socialist party ) are usually pretty okay , too . 
  jep , it was ironical . 
  you have to remember they read different news from us . 
  we may only read about the bad things russia does and not about the bad things ukra\u00efne does , but for russians , it 's the other way around . 
  that 's why everybody keeps supporting his own side . 
  do n't you see the russians are coming for us , man ? 
  it 's the start of the third world war !!, 
  everybody thinks he 's the most compassionate one . 
  good !, 
  i love it when people commit war crimes against evil russians . 
  yeah , it 's so sweet when 100 people die . 
  on / r/europe , that is . 
  wow , you managed to editorialise vox 's title even more . 
  good job . 
  it was bound to happen when the ukrainian army started bombing etnic russians . 
  i suppose russia wants a two-state solution in which the republic of donetsk is a vazal state of russia , much like white-russia . 
  after all , they do n't really need another problematic and poor region . 
  the eu should 've pushed for a ukrainian federation long ago . 
  i hope they can still pull it off , but it seems less and less likely . 
  frankenstein was the guy who made the monster , not the monster himself . 
  she 's argentinian though . 
  [ yes . 
  i was sarcastic . 
  i know , i was just being pedantic about it . 
  the arguments against fracking are all made up by the russian conspiracy against it , and everybody who disagrees with me is probably on the kremlin 's payroll . 
  the natural gas does n't come from holland , but from groningen . 
  give up your rights because terrorists and pedophiles !, 
  or do you agree with them ? 
  is n't a chef somebody who organises it all ? 
  yes . 
  ah well , some people are only against dehumanising if it 's ` the bad guys ' doing it , i guess . 
  so if it 's because they have their headquarters in the usa , then why ca n't they just move their headquarters to another , less authoritarian country ? 
  you must be mistaken . 
  [ they withdrew their ultimatum because they had been released . 
  ] ( http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/08/17/right-sector-will-not-march-on-kyiv-withdraws-ultimatum/ ) i also do n't remember a media outcry . 
  did it even make it into the newspapers ? 
  did n't see it in the volkskrant or nrc , that 's for sure . 
  edit : the willful ignorance is strong on this subreddit . 
   more like a group of bandits that 's all . 
  a group of extremely nationalist bandits who kill or threaten to kill people whom they consider to be anti-ukrainian , that 's all .
