  because you feel the need to blame someone ? 
  this is just the modern equivalent of sacrificing a goat to get a good harvest . 
  why 'd you want labour to win on a platform you disagree with ? 
  it does n't make any sense to me . 
  russia and north korea . 
  it said so in the article , right after the part where she said she 'd be willing to kill hundreds of thousands of civilians . 
  greece currently occupies the part of macedonia where he was born . 
  assad gassed his own people ? 
  they paid 80.000 for a crossword puzzle ? 
  oh come on now . 
  * leftists * is certainly a silly buzzword , but it is nowhere near the level of conspiracy theories such as the ` cultural marxist ' shit . 
  the law probably makes exceptions for everything else , they just call it a face cover ban for pr reasons . 
  as soon as it becomes popular , they 'll have to abolish it due to the cost . 
  better keep it a secret just for the elite . 
  german of course . 
  actually , the singular of `` stadia '' is `` stadion '' . 
  it 's from greek . 
  belgian law apparantly does n't apply to facebook because its headquarters is in ireland , so now facebook may track all the belgians , even those who do not have a facebook account . 
  does cameron still matter though ? 
  i thought he had left office . 
  german for sure . 
  hastely making offers when someone threatens to leave is the worst you can do . 
  i think they should go for nlexit instead . 
  yeah , maybe the muslim population increased tenfold in that period . 
  lol like they care about the etnics . 
  intersex, 
  well , we once commited genocide because some asians had traded with the english , so you could say it 's pretty close . 
  the real fun is in building a large dyke to keep the sand castle dry . 
  is this pro-eu or anti-eu ? 
  well , at the end of the nuclear plant 's life cycle , they ca n't just dismantle it immediately because the reactor has turned radioactive . 
  so they have to wait for years and then dismantle it , which means that the nuclear plant runs at a loss . 
  this is usually paid for by the government . 
  nuclear energy is heavily subsidised . 
  haha yeah , no-one would ever be incompetent if it 's better to be competent . 
  do they never send mail ? 
  why would n't you be registered automatically ? 
  mate , i 'm being downvoted into the double digits because people disagree with me and * you * are coming up with these stupid accusations because you got one downvote ? 
  oh please . 
  and yes , i do totally believe in proportionality . 
  hence why i oppose taking away someone 's citizenship . 
  voter turnout is \\ #votes / \\ #voters . 
  if someone votes where he does n't live , it counts as a vote even though he does n't count as a voter . 
  during the dutch elections there are always municipalities that are well above 100 % due to this . 
  i answered your question and did not downvote you . 
  do you know what kind of punishment you can get for hate speech in the netherlands ? 
  a fine . 
  a while back a left-wing politician called someone a racist on twitter and he got a fine . 
  while i think telling the truth should always be legal , i 'm not necessarily opposed to fining someone for hate speech . 
  that doens ' t mean i want wilders to lose his rights . 
  if you are not required to vote where you live , it may happen that some places have a turnout that 's higher than 100 % . 
  how is 154 % voter fraud ? 
  if you add the postal votes , of course it can go over 100 % . 
  yeah , all those bad thoughtcrimes . 
  why would he even need rights ? 
  nice username . 
  are n't they pretty much required to go to church ? 
  christians can always read the bible at home , but i thought roman papists have to eat the breadgod in church ... 
  i ca n't believe there are countries worse than the netherlands . 
  wow , a christian school that teaches christian values ? 
  how surprising . 
  any information on what kind of tweets one can get arrested over ? 
  is it similar to the netherlands or do they only target calls for violence ? 
  people on here really hate muslims and support every measure that would bully them . 
  because they hate trading with evil russians ? 
  i read that with an eastern european accent . 
  religion is a private matter your employer is not to meddle with . 
  the eu court should n't ignore such secular principles . 
  but the shop ca n't get it legally , so then it is essentially illegal as well ? 
  as far as i can tell most far-right parties in europe are not only opposed to immigration but are also opposed to non-western immigrants and their descendents that live here already . 
  while i do admit that the recent surge of the far-right is rather worrying , i think in the end they wo n't be able to change the tide . 
  they may send refugee seekers back into a warzone , but they can not remove the etnic minorities currently in the west because that would be too extreme even for their own supporters . 
  they will be bullied and dicriminated against a lot , and it saddens me that the far-right is able to play people out against one another so effectively in order to break down the welfare state and reasonable justice system , but eventually people will come to peace with the presence of non-whites and we can build up our countries again . 
  thank you !, 
  you are the first one not attacking this newspaper for publishing it . 
  i was getting pessimistic . 
  what does this mean ? 
  it 's kinda true though . 
  sweden too . 
  they report rape differently ( when you get raped in sweden multiple times it is reported multiple times rather than just once ) , so the statistics are much higher for sweden than for other european countries . 
  it 's been a meme among islamcritics . 
  it took me way too long before i found out he was german . 
  i meant the local militia part . 
  have they not been arrested yet ? 
  it sounds just like moldovan to me . 
  good luck with the next 7,5 years , mate . 
  wait , is she skeptical towards national sovereignty ? 
  i thoight she was a nationalist ... 
  i do n't know about that , he kinda has a point about the strong pro-israel stance of the public broadcaster . 
  not only do they tone down all criticism ( as he shew ) , but their coverage of news from israel is very biased as well . 
  for example , during the ground offensive a few years ago they did an interview with an 8 years old jewish israeli who was happy he could safely play outside because of the attack . 
  like if they read the volkskrant . 
  i 'd be surprised if they 'd even read news articles on facebook . 
  so it turns out that gays are n't all the same and that they have varying opinions too ? 
  shocking . 
  seriously , being a target of discrimination yourself does n't mean you ca n't be racist . 
   pensions starting at age 63 . 
  wait what ? 
  do you actually get your pensions earlier now ? 
  in the netherlands it was actually extended from 65 to 67 years . 
  i think the numbers are only for migrants from within the eu .
