  yes , i 'm serious . 
  i 'd also be interested in the newspapers you read , for they do n't seem to be as biased as dutch newspapers . 
  i really do n't understand why the media do n't report more on these far-right groups that have way too much power now . 
  it 's obvious that the journalists have already decided which is the good side ( ukrainian couple d'\u00e9tat and the eu ) , and the bad side ( russia ) , and write all the news accordingly . 
  like always , of course . 
  i hope the ukraine will be able to avoid a civil war ... 
  let 's call it the united united kingdoms of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the kingdom of the united netherlands . 
  can you still transfer money to such websites though ? 
  uh no , they all make their money by selling their stuff to you and me . 
  let 's spend some more money on a corrupt murder machine . 
  maybe we can even do some more ` peace missions ' . 
  to be honest , i only look at the username if they have a dutch flag next to it . 
  as a result , i only know dutch and croatian regulars . 
  everybody except for anglophones uses the long billion ... 
  let 's bribe a couple of eu-politicians . 
  aurorocoin is a crypto ` currency ' . 
  trying to trick people into a pyramid scheme is legal ? 
  seems like a very bad idea ... 
  / u/user _ history_bot user_history_bot, 
  so euroscepticism is a russian conspiracy after all . 
  good we 've cleared that up . 
  maybe some non-barbarian should tell the danes a zoo is supposed to keep animals , not murder them . 
  [ is it though ? 
  ] ( http://i01.i.aliimg.com/wsphoto/v0/308981869/the-water-bike.jpg ), 
  in terms of goodness . 
  next he will also walk down the stairs without helmet . 
  such is the life of a careless prime minister . 
  it 's because they are either from the bible or from some roman or greek filosofers . 
  of course i do , big ostrich of mine . 
   or may i call you big big bird ? 
  if you know what i mean . 
  maybe we should fund and train a couple of fascists and neonazis to get the protests in russia going . 
  how convenient . 
  they first decicde their opinion and then write all the news according to that . 
  yes , he did . 
  though for some reason , dutch journalists could still pretend that suggesting to shoot moroccan-dutch football hooligans or calling 13 year old moroccan-dutch boys who pour chocolate milk on a slide ` street terrorists ' , ` valid islam criticism ' . 
  there was actually a taboo on calling wilders out on his racism ; every time someone did that , the newspapers would print how much it evades discussions on ` very real problems ' . 
  one problem is , that dutch newspapers want to be known as very neutral . 
  so newspapers that were known to be a bit left-wing , such as the * volkskrant * [ terrible newspaper btw ] , let pvv politicians and other racists write opinion articles in their newspaper . 
   well at least he is honest and open with his opinions being racist does not imply being honest . 
  i also think you do n't really know wilders , because i do n't know how you can call someone honest when he changes his opinions every time it seems opportune . 
  only his racism seems constant . 
  i 'd go for gen\u00e8ve , where more than 40 % of the people is n't even from zwitserland . 
  which is , if i recall correctly , more than in london [ edit : more than in london from the uk , i mean of course ] . 
  the prices are going to increase in all of russia and the part of the ukraine it claims . 
  if we 're actually coming with economic sanctions , that is . 
  i do n't understand why people keep calling wilders racist . 
  he just wants a nuanced and interesting discussion about solving the moroccan-problem by expelling moroccan-dutch street terrorists like the 13 year olds who poured chocolate milk on a slide , and by shooting moroccan-dutch football hooligans . 
   but deep down i bet most ethnic dutch want less moroccans in their country , speak for yourself , will you ? 
  `` uhm , without trying to question your intellect , i 'm afraid you fail to understand how much he loves you . '', 
  the european net neutrality law that will abolish the net neutrality we already had . 
  long live the eu !, 
  is the state-mandated profit margin a maximum limit or a minimum limit ( or both ) ? 
  independency cheese . 
  do n't let facts get in the way of scaremongering russophobia . 
  or maybe people from other regions are voting there . 
  it 's a shame they did n't care about the netherlands . 
  ah , i see we can talk about ` the enemy ' again . 
  aaah yes , how could i forget about that ? 
  farmers not being allowed to be on their land and patients not being allowed to go to the hospital , because of the fear anyone would see the outside of a plane . 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  downvoted for stating the truth ... you know what , i thought the newspapers print so much propaganda about the ukra\u00efne because journalists are incompetent or because they want to push their own agenda , but maybe they just write what people want to read ... 
  cyclists ca n't inhale clean air due to all the pollution . 
  if i would have to commute through the smog , i would go by car , too . 
  antillians and moroccans are . 
  ** netherlands ** the municipal elections are coming next wendesday , so there has been an alot of political news lately . 
  * local vvd-politicians ( conservative liberals , same party as prime minister mark rutte ) think it would be more efficient to go straight after the criminals , and want a special police department that only focuses on ethnic minorities . 
  * the vvd is now officially more corrupt than the christian democrats . 
  * the freedom party , which has been in the news for flying the nazi flag and wanting to solve ` the moroccan problem ' , said it would be great if only there were fewer moroccans . 
  * a moroccan-dutch member of the pvda ( labour ) compared wilders to hitler on his facebook page . 
  facebook thinks this is way too offensive , so they decided to censor it . 
  * a local left-wing party has self-censored their election poster after it had been removed from facebook a couple of months ago . 
  * the pvda ( labour ) has been accused of racism and may have to defend itself in court because of their proposal to tackle the exploitation of eastern european labour immigrants . 
  investors only take risks if they know they will make big money if they win , and the government will pay if they lose . 
  if they invest in russia , no western government is pay for their losses . 
  so investors will not be interested in russia as of now . 
  you really are far gone . 
   i suggest reading some differing news sources , that 's good for your critical development . 
  perhaps live a few years among immigrants , enjoy new cultures foods but also experience hardships from discriminatory foreigners and their violence . 
  i live in a very diverse neighbourhood with at least a dozen nationlities within a 100m away from me as of now . 
  i also read a wide range of newspapers and - websites . 
  i can only advice you to do the same , for if you do , you wo n't miss all the reports on how racist policemen deliberately target minorities such as the moroccan-dutch . 
  at least , is suppose you missed it , because otherwise you would n't be quoting the crime rates . 
  also , do you think i can afford a palace ? 
  ah yes , the good old ` i 'm not racist against moroccans because they 're actually criminals and i have turkish friends ' - defense . 
  and merkel is a left-winger too , i see . 
  well , from your perspective she surely is . 
  by the way , if you do n't trust all that biased science , you may as well read the comment section in a random expat forum . 
  try [ this ] ( http://www.expatica.com/nl/essentials_moving_to/country_facts/is-dutch-racism-on-the-rise-85.html ) one for example . 
  you will soon see that the world has stopped believing the myth that the netherlands are so liberal . 
   all those that do n't agree to yours have the warped one no no no , that 's not what i said at all . 
  it 's just you and your fellow subhuman filthy lesser pvv-beings . 
  ( i thought , if you like being persecuted , i may as well tell you what i think . ), 
  i would argue with you , but meh , do n't think it 's useful . 
  only an hour ago you discarded social sciences and two news sources , and then you proceeded to talk about the ` traditionally na\u00efve left wing ' , of which merkel is an example . 
  you know , you may be correct you 're not defending the filthy pvv opinions out of racism , but because you have a warped world view . 
  but it seems more like you 're both retarded and racist . 
  a moroccan-dutch politician ( from the pvda - labour party ) compared wilders to hitler in a tweet . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.luckymedia.nl/luckytv/ ) was his reaction . 
  well , i guess we will soon see wether the mods have decided to remove racist comments .
