  i 've never been to madurodam , but de efteling is certainly worth a visit . 
  be aware though , if you go in the summer you will need to queue even longer than usual . 
  yeah , it 's quite impressive that they were off by 284 kilometers and that they just so happened to bomb anti-aircraft factories by mistake . 
  because the people who do not vaccinate their children do so for religious reasons . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://hooiberg.speld.nl/speld.nl/wp-content/uploads/buienradar.jpg ), 
  how exactly did you make the jump from `` supporting a neonazi organisation that intends to commit mass murder equals nazi symapthy '' to `` everyone i do n't like is a nazi '' ? 
  is this a sketch ? 
  i ca n't believe this is real . 
  this exact scenario happened in the ukraine referendum in the netherlands . 
  if all the no-voters had stayed home , no would have won on account of not reaching the 30 % turnout minimum . 
  normally the dutch public broadcaster publishes live information about the turnout during an election , but they decided not to do so for that referendum so people could n't decide to cast a no-vote after the turnout mininum had been reached . 
  you could , however , demand a minimun turnout for just one side . 
  for example , at least 40 % needs to vote for independence . 
  then you avoid such problems . 
  which is still the majority in sweden , or so it seems . 
  here in the netherlands we 're long past that point . 
  wilders has been a racist piece of shit ever since he left the vvd . 
  the netherlands should be orange . 
  it 's illegal except for small amounts or for medical reasons . 
  when it 's full of racism yes . 
  the highest upvoted comment identifies muslims with rape ; the second highest upvoted comment calls for germany to remain ethnically pure ; the third highest comment states it 's a bad thing ; someone scaremongering about young people not having the right demographic split ; ... something is definitely happening here . 
  i never realised that there are only three eastern european countries that even allow civil partnerships . 
  i think it 's mostly drug related crime . 
  our drug policy is a mess that allows criminals to flourish . 
  damn , poland beat us . 
  good job lads . 
  so write an article in the newspaper instead of blaming and suing some random people . 
  i think most people already know about this by the way . 
  there have been many tries to make the way safer but most of it is blocked for political reasons . 
  great . 
  another wasteful and pointless legal procedure designed to make the news . 
  this is even worse than the pastafarians . 
  pantserwagen in dutch . 
  i have climbed it last summer . 
  it 's even bigger when you see it in real life . 
  funny how a factually correct comment is controversial in / r/europe . 
  it 's a figure of speech not meant to be taken literally . 
  this comment section gives me cancer . 
  literally worse than my local newspaper . 
  remember when terrorism experts said that breivik clearly is a muslim because his attack was typically muslim ? 
  but remaining is no longer an option , so a soft brexit is the best alternative they have left . 
  how do you open a car door by accident ? 
  you would have to accidentally flip the handle and push the door at the same time . 
  you should probably read the article then . 
  the animal industry thinks that competition is unfair , so they try to stiffle it through legal means . 
  she operated a machine !, 
  yay !, 
  but since membership is no longer possible it may be the best option you have left . 
  that reminds me of the octopus that predicted all the world championship games . 
  i think he means he only trusts muslims as servants . 
  can you imagine how liberal democrat voters must feel when their representation is transfered to the conservatives by their retarded voting system ? 
  this is completely undemocratic . 
  backstab legends do n't need to be reasonable . 
  typical crazy far-left ideas that will never work . 
  cutting their source of weapons will do nothing as long as they have easy access to porn . 
  i completely agree . 
  the british press is always very mean to may even though i have seen nothing but honest and fair reporting on corbyn . 
  i think it depends on what you 're afraid of . 
  it kinda is though . 
  i 'm sorry for not upvoting you but i 'm afraid the swiss will jail me . 
  only 20 % voted against the treaty . 
  most people decided not to vote . 
  and it looks a lot better too . 
  eastern europe asking for more free money , what a surprise . 
  who the hell shakes hands in class ? 
  at this rate , in a decade , we will have to shake hands with every woman we meet and eat pork 24/7 just to prove we are n't muslim . 
  really ? 
  we are always very war-happy . 
  for example , back when hilary clinton wanted to invade egypt we wanted to paeticipate too . 
  joining wars is a great way to advance politiclly . 
  antroposophy and christianity are pretty obscure indeed . 
  in the end , the parents are to choose how they want to raise their children , not the state . 
  thus law is a clear violation of freedom of religion . 
  they really hate non-white immigrants but you ca n't say that openly out of fear of being called politically correct , so they use eufemisms like `` anti-islam '' instead . 
  i 'm still not sure what you are talking about . 
  did you maybe work as a freelancer ? 
  if you have a 0 hour contract , and you want to work 3 hours that week , then there is no guarantee that your employer will not give you 20 hours that week . 
  please enlighten me in what way a 0 hour contract is an improvement over , for example , an 8 hour contract . 
  it only gives flexibility for the employer , not for the employee . 
  they only end up with work when their employer wants it , but still need to be available just in case . 
  a 0 hour contract is a contract where you need to be available but you 're not guaranteed to get work . 
  nobody wants that . 
  or just get a normal contract . 
  still 3 % - point too many . 
  but the average wage is worth less than last year . 
  this is why i support these cameras . 
  if this had happened in the netherlands , the police would probably go unpunished due to lack of proof . 
  the remaining left-wing christian democrats all left when they formed a coalition with wilders ' support a few years ago . 
  is betting on elections legal in the uk ? 
  yes, 
  they are n't some poor victims driven to the far-right by the powers that be . 
  these people are responsible for their own opinions and fully accountable for their own votes . 
  take for example this very thread , in which someone objectifies immigrants and shouts that they have no value . 
  i have no respect for those who so thoroughly lack any form of solidarity with their fellow human beings . 
  it certainly does n't make me happy . 
  during elections , / r/europe is dominated by the large public . 
  on threads like this , the racist losers are more present . 
  is that really all you can think of ? 
  racism , sexism , climate change denial , removing health care , ... plenty of typical right-wing stances . 
  mate , you 're luxembourgish .
