  how 's it congitive dissonance ? 
  it seems perfectly possible that the 13 % that identifies with progressivism actually voted for the non-racist options . 
  so , 1 is yes and 5 is no , or 1 is no and 5 is yes ? 
  edit , seems like it 's the latter . 
  like if you need bait to catch unclesneakyfingers . 
  i tried to reply to this comment , but i 'm too retarded . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around the fact that people like you want to compare the sp to a bunch of racist , populist neonazis so badly . 
  it 's true that it was also used by slave traders and the south african apartheid regime , but it 's mostly known because of the dutch nazi party nowadays ( edit : i mean the nsb , not the pvv ) . 
  do n't take the polls too seriously . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time they predicted anything correctly . 
  it 's just like people who always vote either 1 or 10 to influence the average as much as possible : right-wingers say they are going to vote for the pvv to make a statement in the polls . 
  of course , the 15 out of 150 seats in parliament they have are still way too much for a downright racist nazi-party . 
  if only it was acceptable to call them racist in the media . 
  : / sadly , journalists do n't do that because they 're afraid of being accused of having a left-wing bias . 
  they do fly the nazi flag . 
  and on 4th may we have a national holiday when we remember the victims of the nazis . 
  instead , the freedom party remembers the victims of ` socialists , just like those in the labour party ' . 
  they also do n't think south-africa should 've abolished the apartheid regime . 
  i suppose they did n't have money left for paint because of the corrupty . 
  yes , we 've got creationists in the netherlands . 
  mostly christians and muslims . 
  it 's even taught in some schools . 
  i suppose it depends a bit on the region / family . 
  in my family we do n't really do it either , but i started getting comments from other people on how rude it is not to congratulate everybody ... maybe it 's typical of the north or something . 
  haha , yeah . 
  but when you 're being congratulated by the friends , neighbours , or family , it 's not as awkward , because you can just congratulate them back . 
  ... of course , what 's wrong with coffee and cake ? 
  do n't worry , i find it weird too . 
  when it 's someone 's birthday , you do n't just congratulate him ; you congratulate everybody in the room . 
  `` congratulations with your so n't birthday , congratulations with your friend 's birthday , congratulations with your uncle 's birthday , congratulations with your neighbours birthday . '', 
  uhh , last time i was in sweden they clearly explained to me that the swedish vikings were peaceful traders , and that most stereotypes about agressive invaders in fact come from norwegian vikings . 
  oh come on , you ca n't deny them their ice forests !, 
  the cdu is only 5 seats short of having an absolute majority . 
  would n't you call that a dominant party , too ? 
  did anything happen that might have changed merkel 's opinion ? 
  why is this news ? 
  yeah , just too few people care about global warming . 
  if you disagree with multiple opinion in the same thread , sure . 
   russophobia seems to be one the major backbones of a pan-european culture . 
  what the fuck . 
  it happens all the time that the olympics are held in an incredibly controversial place , but when russia is criticized , it 's ` russophobia ' ? 
  i do n't get your reasoning ( if you have one ) . 
  depends . 
  if it contains an opinion you disagree with , you may dismiss it as a circlejerk . 
  and salmiakki . 
  they have that , too . 
  then why does she like spaghetti and pizza so much ? 
  because the other parties will just bring some economic growth ? 
  you 've got to be kidding . 
  and replace benches by [ benches with an arm-rest in the middle ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:bench_-_sheffield_terrace,_london.jpg ) so homeless people ca n't sleep on them . 
  i ca n't speak for the other countries , but in a conservative country like the netherlands , they usually are . 
  in any case , if they are in the government , they also have a minister of defence . 
  i do n't know of any counter example . 
  you 're forgetting the best part . 
  a couple of months ago there was some accident in a factory in bangladesh . 
  so minister ploumen ( pvda , labour party ) decided to talk with dutch textile traders to have them sign an agreement for more safety in bengal factories . 
  the owner of coolcat ( a cloth shop ) decided not to to sign it . 
  when ploumen mentioned that to the press , he reacted : `` that some kind of leftist * cunt * minister has the filthy courage to discredit my company , to discredit me , that 's * so * unfair . '', 
  minister ploumen said in a reaction ( when asked about it by a journalist ) : `` ah well , sometimes , men say things . '', 
  she then got accused of sexism by the right-wing news website geenstijl . 
  they also accused her of hating bangladeshi and trying to ruin their economy . 
  coolcat has signed the agreement by now . 
  why ? 
  the conservative parties always want to get the ministry of defence . 
  she does n't seem as corrupt as other vvd-politicians , so i guess we 'd better have her as minister than someone else . 
  did n't the soviets already remove a guy from a photo before the second world war ? 
  cuban americans are a < 10 % minority in one of the fifty states . 
  you can not blame solely them for the fact the embargo against cuba is still maintained . 
  i know . 
  i do n't get what you are saying . 
  on the one hand , you say american politicians wo n't lift the embargo because it would lose them votes , and on the other hand you say that americans are n't stuck in cold war logic . 
  so you 're basically saying that american politicians expect an overall loss of votes over lifting the enbargo ? 
  says ` nuff . 
  i do n't get why they put so much effort in it if they can just ask for all the information they need . 
  there will once be a time when they accept the cold war is over . 
  the french government can fine people for hate speech , but not for voicing an unpopular opinion . 
  but i think you knew that all along . 
   so in france the government can fine you for voicing unpopular opinions ? 
  a fine you get for hate speech , obviously . 
   if you wish to censor nazi ideology then that means to some extent you fear it . 
  do n't you think that 's justified ? 
  well , yeah , but when they 're becoming active and actually spread their propaganda ... 
  i think that 's a totally different situation . 
  sounds a bit like the `` parma-ham '' we buy in the netherlands . 
  dutch pigs are sent to italy , slaughtered there , and sent back to the netherlands , because it allows them to use the nice ` made in italy ' stickers . 
  i , too , found it much easier to read than the sun . 
  why ? 
  i think , if students start to spread neonazi propaganda , they should be expelled . 
  a university is no place for such a sick ideology . 
   groningen : poor people who are commies . 
  they only protest if their houses are damaged due to an earthquake near a gas drilling site . 
  they protested much earlier . 
  they only are taken seriously since the last earthquake . 
  which is too late , imo , since most of the gas money has already been spent on the randstad . 
  i hope the government can still save some of the groninger businesses though . 
  hence why limburg is so popular . 
  [ is n't it beautiful ? 
  i 've got to go to iceland someday . 
  they do n't want to be called either left-wing or right-wing . 
  or centrist , for that matter , they just do n't take such a position at all .
