  anyways , i 'm wondering how many people still take israel seriously . 
  take for example this : * `` the resolution expressed concern over a `` category of violation of the physical integrity of children , which supporters ... tend to present as beneficial ... despite clear evidence to the contrary . 
  '' * and then their reply is : * '' ( ... ) [ an ] israeli legislator ( ... ) told a council of europe committee that the health benefits of male circumcision ( ... ) greatly outweighted the risks ( ... ) . 
  '' * but that opinion is exactly what they 're worried about !, 
  lol, 
  wow , that 's pretty good . 
  i always find it funny how people 's voices sound completely different in another language . 
  same for my housemate . 
  i usually talk in dutch with her , so the first time she spoke german , i did n't even recognize her voice . 
  new mortgages have to be paid off in thirty years now . 
  and the maximum rate will be decreased from 52 % to 38 % over the next 28 years ( 2014 being the first year ) . 
  it makes me cynical , really . 
  those shit liberals accuse the social-democrats and the socialists of buying votes with tax money all the time ; and what do they do themselves ? 
  cling to their mortgage tax deduction , just for some more votes . 
  despite the fact that every fucking economist , even their own vvd economists , agrees that the mortgage tax deduction is hurting our economy greatly . 
  of course the vvd wo n't change its opinion anytime soon , since if they do , the christian-democrats and the freedom party will get those votes . 
  they * will * try to revert this decision the day our economy is catching up again . 
  we still have . 
  i 'm kinda surprised by all the reactions here . 
  i think 5 years difference is pretty big at that age . 
  at the age of 21 , you 've nearly finished your bachelor ; and at the age of 16 , you 're not even in the final year of highschool . 
  the guy is basically a legal pedo . 
  the netherlands are so big , you may as well collect it city-wise rather than country-wise . 
  lol, 
  * `` note , especially , the implied definition of `` racist '' -- namely , someone who has a realistic understanding of current criminal statistics , of reasonable demographic projections , and of the less-than-noble motivations of many `` non-western immigrants . '' '' * hi ha ho . 
  needless to say , the rest of the blog was about how immigrants just come here to rob and leech us . 
  why the fuck would we waste money on nuclear power if we can as well invest in actual renewable energy sources ? 
  poor anti-blackimmigrants , being oppressed by anti-anti-blackimmigrants people . 
  in other news : nuclear power is completely safe , experts say . 
  so libertarians think that democracy is too artificial ? 
  never heard of that ... but i have to admit i do n't know much about it , so you may as well be right about it ... 
  libertarians see that the government has power over them and do n't like it , and they think that if we get rid of the government , that no-one will have power over them anymore . 
  there is not a single country where libertarianism will have a chance , because the reasoning is shit to begin with . 
  de librije in the city of zwolle , netherlands , is pretty good . 
  their website is a bit painful though ... so slow and lots of embarrassing speling errors ... anyways , [ here ] ( http://www.librije.com/?language=en ) it is . 
  you have to reserve , but there are still some available places at the end of the month and in early december . 
  i 'm not sure how expensive it is , but i guess you should expect about $ 500 , - a person , if not more . 
  edit : and listen to hugo , he gives good advice . 
  edit2 : i 've been browsing around a bit on librijes website , and they do have some vegetarian meals and not everything is $ 500 , - a person ( though it really depends on the wine you drink with it ) . 
  heh , no , only with food . 
  it was in the news a while back that our dutch pigs are sent to italy , and then they 're slaughtered in italy and sent back to the netherlands . 
  that way we can have real * parmaham * from parma . 
  dae pay more for more unnecesarry animal cruelty ? 
  you know how stuff goes in the netherlands if you throw something anywhere near the monarch : after spending two years in prison you 're finally told you only got a 5 month sentence . 
  really ? 
  i had no idea our photolithography system industry was so famous ... 
  in the netherlands , we also look for the `` made in italy '' mark , even if it costs more . 
  in the netherlands they tried it for a while . 
  it was mainly used by parties who could n't get their way in the indirect democracy , and wanted to try again with a direct democracy . 
  of course , way too few people turned up and the results were almost always ignored . 
  then why are the racists on the rise ? 
  what do the signs say ? 
  before the dutch elections , it was already becoming clear that our centre-left and our right-wing party had to form a coalition . 
  a dutch reporter was afraid it would take too much time to form a government , so he asked a belgian politician what he thought about it . 
  he went : ` haha , you dutch think that 's hard ? 
  in belgium , we 're doing that all the time . 
  easy peasy . ', 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've learned at topography that the dollard is ours . 
  brb , buying new dictionary . 
  my dictionary only gives ` armoured ' as a translation ... 
  i give in it 's a little odd , but then again , so is the dutch phrase . 
  i think germany should be yellow too . 
  they have all power concentrated in the christian democrats . 
  wow ... it 's odd to realize that germany is only four years older than me . 
  yeah , it 's no problem if other people are spied on , only when you 're spied on yourself . 
  i 've just lighted some candles for the big german flag in my living room . 
  oh germany , you 're always in my heart . 
  in the netherlands we have the right to protest . 
  i never realized putin is so tiny . 
  can we please let the germans speak for germany ? 
  if the german situation is anywhere near the dutch , left-wing people who are no zionist often feel the need to emphasize that not all jews ( and not only jews ) defend israel 's war crimes . 
  it 's probably because by some , every leftist who 's not a zionist is considered anti-semitic . 
  it 's almost like the uk has a satirical government . 
  all these law enforcement people who are so scared of terrorrists and paedophiles ... such a joke . 
  i do n't think non-dutch people can make any chocolate out of his speakwords . 
  i do n't see that as an advantage at all . 
  if i want to speak english fluently , i have to learn and practice so much that i can say ` fewer pens ' and ` less stationary ' intuitively , without having to think about the general rule . 
  it 's a pain , really . 
  also , i think native speakers will always have a bigger vocabulairy than people who just learned a second language . 
  if i encounter a dutch word i 'm not familiar with , i can often still guess its meaning based on the context , and more importantly , on the root of the word . 
  at my secondary school , i had this vietnamese dutch girl in my class who was completely helpless when she saw an unknown word or phrase , simply because she does n't have any feeling for the language ( even though she was otherwise perfectly bilingual and would n't score any lower on a test ) . 
  i 'm experiencing the same in english . 
  still good enough to be on the map . 
  why do they want to steal the money so obviously ? 
  just raise the retirement age and force the pension funds to lower their pensions . 
  it does practically the same , and is politically much easier to push through . 
  in the netherlands it 's already happened and no-one really protests . 
  i doubt that . 
  if the police would n't have any black people to go after , they would just go after white people again . 
  so it does n't really count . 
  during the last decade , there have been a lot of people saying that multiculturalism has failed . 
  in the netherlands , they usually complain about the criminal moroccan-dutch and antillian youth . 
  especially about the moroccan-dutch btw . 
  ironically , it are exactly those two groups that are integrated quite well . 
  even though they have an accent ( on purpose ) , they speak dutch much better than for example the turkish-dutch people . 
  they also are involved in politics ( there even is a moroccan-dutch mayor ) , etc. 
  instead , they focus really much on the crime statistics . 
  for example , a while back it was in the news that moroccan-dutch people get , on average , a lower sentence than native dutch people . 
  they see this as proof of politically correct judges trying to protect multiculturalism . 
  and last week , it was in the news that the police are more suspicious of moroccan looking people , and that the moroccan-dutch people are arrested more easily .
