  so there is no reason at all to believe their ` proof ' now . 
  they do a lot of good health care abroad , do n't they ? 
  i do n't think the dialects in the netherlands get so bad they can not be understood anymore . 
  maybe in utrecht or in small villages in limburg and zeeland . 
  i know reading is hard . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying ... 
  i was refering to other lies the usa have told to talk us into an armed conflict . 
  well ... let 's hope cuba is a sufficient counter-weight . 
  i think you could call them saoedi-arabian , or sa'er for short ( not to be confused with south africa ) . 
  i heard the russians are killing incubator babies and have weapons of mass destruction , too . 
  the eu is just about to do the opposite , and give those big corporations more power . 
  the free trade deal with the usa will include the possibility for those big corporations to start a lawsuit over newly made rules . 
  this means that we can not make all the rules we want anymore , without having to pay those big corporations a fine . 
  regarding the downvotes , i only get those because i say something negative about the eu . 
  it happens all the time on this subreddit . 
  dutch journalists self-censor quite a lot . 
  if something does n't fit the story they want to tell , they just do n't publish about it . 
  what 's bad for business is good for democracy , and vice versa . 
  just like the free trade deal with the usa , that will take political power from our politicians and give it to our lawyers . 
  needless to say , i 'm a far righ anti-eu populist for not wanting this . 
  i 'm not sure if we have just an allot of press freedom , of if the powers that be do n't feel the need to restrict our crappy journalists . 
  on sight ? 
  it was only 1,5 years ago . 
  also , if you translate dutch expressions like that , non-dutch people wo n't be able to make any chocolate out of it . 
  well , my minister was asked if it would n't be a bad idea to store all medical information of the dutch on an american server , and she said they promised not to give it to the american government . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  they invade their enemies , install dictatorships in the neutral countries , and spy on their allies . 
  and when they need money to finance it all , they just fine a couple of european companies for hundreds of millions . 
  with the upcoming free trade deal between the eu and the usa , american companies will be able to go to court over newly made laws . 
  that 's right : in the future , european laws will be made by lawyers rather than by elected politicians . 
  every place they touch turns to shit , and now they 're getting our democracies too . 
  i fucking loath the usa and all the americanophile europeans that allow this to happen . 
  and the americans themselves ? 
  well , every people gets the government it deserves . 
  american politicians openly say , for example , they will continue the economic spying on other countries , as they believe it will benefit the usa . 
  obama also said he will use the american military to secure the import of resources . 
  if someone might decide not to sell it to them anymore , they will just come and take it as if it is already theirs . 
  and the american people allow this to happen . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  heh , luckily i have been wearing an aluminium hat to protect myself against their indoctrination radiation . 
  they are n't lead by the osce , but instead they report to the new ukrainian government . 
  this means that they are , in fact , spies . 
  edit : wups , inconvenient truth, 
  luxembourgish , however , does sound like silly dutch . 
  i like belgian because that sounds like silly dutch to me . 
  it 's a collection of low german dialects , yes , but it has been standardized long ago , so people speak two different languages near the borders . 
  german . 
  though maybe that 's cheating , as german is merely a collection of dutch dialects . 
  ha , yeah ... the christenunie/sgp used the same one during the last elections , so i think they were first . 
  i 'm still voting sp though . 
  jezus leeft is definitely competing with the freedom party and the other christians on this one . 
  cda - naar een slagvaardiger europa ( to a more potent europe ) pvda - voor een europa dat werkt ( for a europe that works ) vvd - europa waar nodig ( europe where necessary ) d'66 - sterk nederland , sterk europa ( strong netherlands , strong europe - i have no clue what this is supposed to mean ) groenlinks - ons europa ( our europe ) sp - superstaat nee , samenwerking ja . 
  ( super state no , cooperation yes ) christenunie/sgp - samenwerking ja , superstaat nee ( cooperation yes , super state no ), 
  it seems very unprobable with their current stance against palestenians , and the illegal settlements they still have . 
  well , one of the founders of the ukrainian national-socialist party , andrej paroebli , is currently leading the ukrainian army and secret service . 
  nothing to worry about !, 
  yes , it was sarcasm . 
  you must not have read the article then . 
  it clearly says :  will it hurt our privacy ? 
   no so you can safely sleep again . 
     you waited an appropriate amount of time before giving your opinion . 
  implying the dutch guy noticed this . 
  blue is liberal , red is not liberal . 
  it 's the same in the usa . 
  what would you use ketchup on if not on pizza ? 
  every belg has a fire extinguisher ? 
  can they deny you your dance though ? 
  meh , not specifically for you , but the vast majority on this subreddit thinks like that . 
  that 's why negative news and comments are upvoted to the top , and negative news about the coupe d'etat is downvoted to the bottom . 
  first the crosses and now this ? 
  they 've got to make up something more convincing than this bs . 
  one side contains fascist , therefore the other side must be the good guys . 
  what 's with all the pooping lions ? 
  ah well , do n't judge too hard . 
  in theory it sounds pretty convincing that you first have to go through shit before it can get better in the long run . 
  with the right propaganda , that is . 
  he sees isreal as the last outpost that protects us from the barbarian muslim hordes . 
  he also has close personal ties with israel . 
  haha , rape is so fun . 
  yeah , it 's quite funny to see this pr war going back and forth all the time . 
  if you want to read some pro-coupe rethorics you can always buy a newspaper . 
  no no no , ukraine is completely democratic and the opposition did n't take the power by fighting at all . 
  the dutch word ` beamer ' has , as far as i know , no english \u00e6quivalent . 
  * je moet niet ... ( do n't ... ) * je hoeft niet ... ( you do n't have to ... ), 
   insteresting sidenote about must : in english `` you must n't ... '' means `` you are n't allowed to ... '' , in german however `` du musst nicht ... '' means `` you do n't need to ... '' . 
  would n't this depend on the intonation ? 
  i thought we had stopped believing in such race theories like 65 years ago . 
  oh , i thought they only had those when someone says something unfunny . 
  whom else will be banned from the elections ? 
  not that it matters much though , what the people vote for , since all the important deals and treaties will be signed by the current undemocratic government anyways . 
  not any slower than the rest of the internet . 
  i keep getting advertisements in the middle of the videos though , but i 'm afraid that 's a feature rather than a bug . 
  the netherlands . 
  i dont even know what flag i have right now ... 
  they 're using nuclear energy , so they ca n't simply decrease the energy production at night . 
  so now they have extra street lights to get rid of the excess energy . 
  `` look at me , look at me , i 'm an interesting map of light polu ... haha tricked you lol ... hey !, 
  hey look at me !, 
  i show all the light pollution in eu ... lolololol not now xd ... '', 
  i 've always been amazed by the way the left-wing even gets blamed for the existance of the far right .
