  of course they cooperate maily with left-wing parties . 
  i think this is just because the right-wing parties are either christian and believe animals are made for us and we can do anything we want , or neoliberals who prefer the economic advantage of fewer animal protection laws . 
  they refuse to identify with the left-wing though . 
  so how many people are going to protest in gambia ? 
  they do n't fly to jamaica at all . 
  because he leaves out a huge scandal . 
  in the north of the country , in groningen , there is a gas field . 
  the money from that gas was sent to the western part of our country . 
  and for years , the government denied that the earthquakes in groningen were caused by the gas extraction . 
  only last week , they could n't deny it anymore . 
  there was another earthquake , and the houses in that region have decreased in value rather fast . 
  finally , they promised some repairation payments . 
  but they still are n't going to invest any money in the region , so it will still suck hard for them ( it 's very bad , economically ) . 
  warmduscher !, 
   this just narrowly escaped the definition i guess . 
  the french guy with the top post is implying it was a sarcastic joke . 
  internationale solidariteit !, 
  a couple of months ago , there was a really bad antiziganist post . 
  i res-tagged all the racists with a big , red banner . 
  i did n't see them back until the next anti-ziganist post a couple of weeks later . 
  until today , the plans would actually outlaw net neutrality . 
  i did n't know yet that it was changed . 
  what 's wrong with net neutrality ? 
  edit : i 'm actually quite pissed that europe is going to ban net neutrality . 
  it will have a severe impact on the internet . 
  the internet will become a medium that favours large corporations that can pay enough to the providers . 
  probably , yes . 
  she 's most likely the daughter of a turkish immigrant . 
  where 's the rote armee fraktion when you need it ? 
  exactly . 
  we need politicians who work for the people , not for the money . 
  i 'm seriously wondering if they complainers legitimately thought it 's racist , or if they 're just extreme nationalists who do n't want foreign masks on the shelves . 
  their name was n't changed because of complaints , but as a publicity stunt . 
  * shhht , you 're interrupting the circlejerk . 
  oh yes , it is all unreasonable hatred , and has absolutely no correlation with her lies . 
  whatever you want to believe man . 
  if it makes your world view stand strong , then i guess i should n't try to inform you . 
  look , she is a climate denialist who thinks muslims should convert to calvinism , who hates immigrants [ ironically ] , and who has lied about many , many things during her asylum application and her politics . 
  it makes you look kinda ridiculous that you 're still defending her . 
  edit : and no , i 'm not going to google a fucking source for you . 
  [ source . 
  i remember from when it was very big in the news . 
  it had nothing to do with religion . 
  and concerning ayaan hirsi ali , she left the dutch labour party saying they did n't allow her to criticize islam , and then joined the right-wing party to carry out some controversial anti-asylum seeker policy . 
  then it turned out she left the labour party because the right-wing party had offered her a job ; she never had to hide from her muslim family ; she never was circumcized ; she did n't come from a war zone ; and her real name is ayaan hirsi megan . 
  so basically , she 's a huge hypocrite and a liar . 
  pim fortuyn was n't even killed by a muslim , and ayaan hirsi ali left because no-one believed her anymore after all the lies she had told , and she needs the attention so she moved to someplace people do n't know her yet . 
  oh , you mean the previous planes from lockheed that were also pushed through by corrupty ? 
  you know , when a nazi married our queen and then never got punished for the corrupty because we have class justice . 
  and i do n't get why you think i think the european war industry ca n't be corrupt . 
  i do n't think that . 
  i think i 'll go full vega now . 
  the belgians and dutch also had their share of italian trains . 
  so i guess it 's not all about the weather . 
  yeah , i wonder when we 'll hear which corrupt decision makers got that through . 
  good evening , theo . 
  did you do your homework yet ? 
  i know perfectly well how to cook my food . 
  just put it all in boiling water for 20 min . 
  and add some salt before you mash it . 
  [ red = protestant , green = roman catholic , map from 1849 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/nederlandgodsdienst1849.png ) . 
  and nowadays , there are more roman catholics than protestants . 
  the map is from 1918 though , so maybe it was n't all that sharply defined yet at that time . 
  \\* * sigh * \\* , is there even one ethnographic map that is n't propaganda ? 
  flanders big !, 
  probably . 
  the dutch liberal party does n't really care if something is sound policy , as long as it feels good . 
  punishing some anonymous criminals extra hard feels good , so we do that . 
  and it fits well in their jungle morals [ = survival of the fittest ] , too . 
  things like these happen all the time in the netherlands . 
  ever since rutte became minister president , our country has been going back in time . 
  in fact , van speijk was just an incompetent drunk who made a mistake and then decided to kill himself and all of his crew . 
  and johan de witt , he was important too . 
   it is our calvinistic background i guess . 
  actually , the only hero-worshipping in the netherlands i can think of , apart from fortuyn , is the calvinists and their hero prince maurits . 
  how about faraday ? 
  same for dutch . 
  the statenvertaling ( a century after luther ) is the translation that standardized a lot of the spelling , and it gave us quite a couple of high german loan words , too . 
  it is still used by a couple of calvinists who think it 's the only true translation . 
  it 's hilarious how archaic those people talk . 
  if you 've ever learnt dutch and come to the netherlands , you should try it . 
  just walk through a village in the bible belt and look as sad as you can . 
  that way , you attract a couple of christians who are going to try and convert you . 
  prolly the latter . 
  they did the same in france . 
  they have an expiration date too , so even if you do n't use it , you have to keep buying new ones . 
  my best guess is that its producer has been lobbying throughout europe . 
  if you are there anyways , and you meet those politicians , you do n't shut your mouth . . 
  in america people have their own local representation . 
  as opposed to the netherlands ( for example ) , where we have the natonal elections on a national level ( so you can vote for people on the other side of the country ) . 
  but you can still contact them of course . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are people who do . 
  he always talks very confidently , but he actually makes quite a lot of mistakes . 
  norway ? 
  what 's a norway ? 
  besides , when our nazi prince turned out to be corrupt , people got really really mad yet we 're still stuck with the monarchy . 
  monarchists are often offended and seldom reasonable . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  the netherlands are that kid that always sides with the biggest bully . 
  it 's a bit more to the north .
