  no , not just holland , i 'm talking about all of the netherlands combined here . 
  in the other provinces it 's a somewhat longer distance ( i think because of the lower population density ) . 
  as for your list , that 's not about average distances , but about average travel times . 
  that metric shows how crappy the infrastructure is , rather than how far people live from their job . 
  you ca n't see the fine particles , but your lungs will notice over time . 
  the main causes are 1 . 
  transport ( we have a big port in rotterdam , and we have a couple of air ports ) . 
  despite having such a high population density , we have the longest average commute in the eu . 
  we use a lot of heat ; our houses have a bad insulation , and we wash our clothes very hot ( about 43 degrees celsius compared to , for example 25 degrees celsius in spain ) . 
  in other words , we suck hard . 
  and it 's not going to change with the recent movement that thinks leftist scientists are making stuff up to get some free money from the state , and that they 're just trying to weaken our economy ( for whatever reason ) . 
  these figures must be old . 
  the probably did n't take into account that we recently lowered our air polution by excluding ` natural pollution ' from our statistics . 
  did you do the inflation correction thing ? 
  it should be noted that , despite the large number of scandals , the dutch royal family is still respected for a religious reason : reformed people believe god wants them to have respect for the ruling class . 
  indeed . 
  however , because we 're such a small country , right wingers think we can get away with it without starting a race to the bottom . 
  albert heijn, 
  the dutch know this too , but the ones who are in power think it 's quite a good deal to get some free money from tax evading companies . 
   and yet , i feel we have learned no lessons from it . 
  oh do n't be so cynical . 
  everybody knows how to pronounce srebrenica right now . 
  the best part is , that vandecojck must be either dutch or belgian , so it 's 100 % certain he knew this . 
  we only do if they 've served the ss . 
  please go back to / r/whiterights, 
  so , you 're saying that the netherlands not being the usa somehow implies it 's ok to find it unacceptable if less than half the dutch people were white in one of our big cities ? 
  just how . 
  does it imply you have paid money to have sex with your mother ? 
  funny you decided to make a throwaway account to post this . 
  why did you do so ? 
  many languages have an alphabet that 's equally large , like dutch . 
  right . 
  he only thinks moroccans are too stupid for a normal approach and require a violent one , that it 's unacceptable if there would ever be a non-white majority in one of our big cities , and a couple of years ago morocco and turkey infiltrated in our government , because ministers who are born in one of those countries are automatically infiltrators . 
  but yeah , definitely not racist . 
  at all . 
  i do n't think it actually follows from wilders ' proposal , since the proposal was to make actual villages for repeated offenders , while in this case , only about 10 families will be forcibly moved ( i 'm not even sure if they go to the same location ) . 
  not troublesome people in general , but the moroccan-dutch minority . 
  they are referred to as ` scum ' ( or sometimes : ` flood ' ) by him . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ being ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ cynical . 
  / care british english is good enough for me . 
  `` black immigrants in europe are not discriminated against because of racism , but because of a negative prejudice against that group . '', 
  that 's a full synonym of the word ironical . 
  i 'd rather say ` cryptic ' . 
  i 'm aware that male genital mutilation is somewhat worse than the most common form of female genital mutilation , but i do n't think the difference is so big i ca n't compare them anymore . 
  hmm ? 
  i think you accidentally pasted the wrong link , for this is just some song . 
  wait , does n't the word ironical just mean ` ironisch ' ? 
  i ca n't see what i 'm doing wrong here ... 
  on top of that , the prevalence of male genital mutilation is even higher . 
  promising all these people asylum would n't solve any of that . 
  how ironical , he makes a joke about me being dumb while answering a rethorical question that did n't even have a question mark . 
  uff , why did i even try . 
  it 's funny you say that democracy is not a good measure for syria , while you also argue that assad is legitimate because he has popular support . 
  macedonian got me too ... twice in a row . 
  :( edit : only 250 points btw . 
  i wonder why polandball is correlated with badhistory . 
  we are n't used to that in the netherlands . 
  i understand you do n't like it that german nationalism becomes world news so easily , but how do you think about this particular thing ? 
  personally , i think that , if leading politicians adopt the use of nationalist symbolism , it 's never a good thing , no matter which country . 
  it 'll be another decade before my nokia n78 stops functioning . 
  no need for smart phones just yet . 
  yeah , people in holland are really , * really * arrogant . 
  i 'm glad i live in the netherlands . 
  1,93 m most superior dutch ~ ~ viking ~ ~ pirate here !, 
  i 'm probably a descendent of grutte pier . 
  i 'm with you . 
  i 'm only 1,93 m and it 's definitely not easy being the shortest male in your class . 
  ah well , at least not everybody can see at what age you first had pubic hair . 
  they 'll have to go online to get that information . 
  and not just on women . 
  those accents sound * horrible * . 
  you 'd better look in the north-east , groningen , drenthe , and overijssel . 
  sounds a lot better . 
  so with ` shelters ' you did n't mean the shelters that are meant for asylum seekers , but the social housing that 's for people who already got their asylum . 
  interesting . 
  edit : going back to your original question `` then why do n't they stay with their friends and family instead of shelters until the dispute is over ? '', 
  so why do n't you live with your friends ? 
  or with your uncle ? 
  wait , do you want a home for yourself ? 
  but that 's a crime !, 
  it ca n't be !, 
  unless you 're native ofc . 
  i 'm glad you called yourself a racist already . 
  i was n't 100 % sure about it yet , but apparantly it 's the case . 
  because that 's not legal . 
  but you probably are n't interested in actual facts if you can spew the propaganda that fits your tale . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's a satirical minister . 
  remember the time he wanted to outlaw data encryption ` to counter pedophilia and terrorism ' ? 
  1 in 7 speaks flemish rather than dutch . 
  they do , mostly . 
  only a couple of them who happen to have friends or family in europe come here . 
  but i guess that does n't fit your ideology . 
  yeah , i guess that sums it up quite well . 
  ** netherlands ** * the expert that was absolutely sure irak had weapons of mass destruction now thinks it 's very likely assad used chemical weapons . 
  * breaking news we didnt find any more wolves yet . 
  * our prisons will get a lot stricter , because rehabilitation is leftist and we need punishment . 
  * no privacy for suspects !, 
  a suspect for some crime got a following device in his car , microphones and video cameras with the size of a screw were placed in his home , his car , and every hotel room he visited . 
  he was followed , and microphones were installed on park benches etc. 
  to listen in on his conversations 24/7 .
