  then how do they pronounce the f ? 
  nobody chooses his place of birth . 
  you and i did n't choose to be born here , and neither have they chosen to be born somewhere else . 
  as such , we do n't have a bigger claim on living here than they do . 
  so you mean , a calvinist ? 
  everyone is argu\u00efng for net neutrality so much , but google can just enbias their search results to stop new websites and everybody is ok with it . . 
   i do n't want this here to become a pro-eu/anti-russian ;'), 
  it sounds a bit tame , but i guess some people would vote for it . 
  after all , the netherlands gave 10 % of the votes to the people who compare wearing a headscarf with having a swastika tattoo on your face . 
  no thanks , i 'm already foreseen . 
  the netherlands has one with belgium and germany . 
  it 's called * het drielandenpunt * and it 's quite popular , especially among dutchmen since it 's on the highest mountain in our country . 
  congratulations with indigo-alien 's cakeday . 
  congratulations with indigo-alien 's cakeday . 
  congratulations with your cakeday . 
  it 's no use anymore , i already got fired over those nsfw posts at / r/askreddit . 
  i wonder how it burns . 
  \u201e those ugly windmill horizon polluters do n't run on wind but on tax money !!!, 
  also if you want solar panels you should go to the sahara . '', 
  would n't want to offend their most loyal soldiers . 
  wrong link ? 
  i 'm just waiting for the $ 5 , - coin . 
  why are we still helping these morons ? 
  they are n't any better than the russians . 
  like , omg . 
  so , does that mean we can waste as much money as we want on a stockpile of unused weapons ? 
  job cohen , the previous leader of the labour party . 
  he was too boring and not racist enough , so a lot of voters turned away from the labour party . 
  we are currently stuck with diederik \u201e moroccans have an etnic monopoly on violence '' samsom . 
  how did she switch clothes ? 
  the guy got thirty years older during the pas three years . 
  just look at those fotos . 
  i was in d\u00fcsseldorf a while back and i can guarantee you everybody heard the difference . 
  smaller than an electron ? 
  how 's that even possible ? 
  eh , i feel bloated just looking at it . 
  they are all in the east and they speak weird languages . 
  i think you 're culturally much too similar to countries like belarus/poland/russia to count as a first world nation . 
  look at his username , most likely a freedom party voter if you 'd ask me . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  here in the netherlands , most people will say they are agnostic or athe\u00efst when asked , but in reality they never do anything about it anymore . 
  i was in the uk when she died , and the first guy i met after hearing the news started a 30 min . 
  rant how he wished she had died sooner . 
  seriously , i do n't get why people would hate on the polish so often . 
  everybody knows about the polish invasion of tsjechia and the polish death camps etc. 
  etc. , there 's no need to bring it up all the time . 
  someone threw a candle in the general direction of the queen 's golden chariot while yelling an insult , and he was held in pre-arrest for more than 1,5 years . 
  usually the maximum is 110 days and 15 hours , but for some reason they decided to extend it by more than a year . 
  he was later found guilty of offending the monarch and got a prison sentence of 5 months . 
  really ? 
  well , that 's some drastic change . 
  i just got a one week ban this month for saying people should stop their smear campaign against muslims . 
  `` breeding '', 
  in the netherlands it depends if you offend the monarch . 
  i have no clue . 
  you made the tag yourself . 
  allochtone ? 
  good , maybe this will finally make them stop discriminating against mocros . 
  too late . 
  what the hell ? 
  what century is this ... eastern europe truly is far behind . 
  the germans also have an alot of windmills , but they 're too big and expensive for a single person . 
  haha , they misspelt ` neighbours ' . 
  jep , i used to have a refo neighbour . 
  he also believed that god made the universe 6000 years ago , including the light from the stars that was already on its way here . 
  \u201e an american monkey , after getting drunk on brandy , would never touch it again , and thus is much wiser than most men . '' - charles darwin, 
  well , the liberals already wanted to close the borders for non-eu refugees ... 
  i wonder how they will outdo themselves this time . 
  eh , what are we looking at ? 
  i did n't think polen was so militaristic ... 
  i ca n't say i 'm surprised that it 's so bad in the uk . 
  they get very little practice . 
  the last time i was there someone told me they never even write in their agenda . 
  i barely even speak dutch fluently . 
  good point , maybe we should erect some 5m statues so you can pray to him . 
  if it 's pushed through i 'm afraid the netherlands should start making toll roads as well . 
  it 's an inferior system , but we ca n't pay to use everybody else 's roads while letting them use ours for free ... 
  i do n't know why this is downvoted so much . 
  people already speculated that the co-pilot were muslim on this subreddit ... 
  de ruyter is the 17th century admiral who protected the dutch slave trade from his english counterparts . 
  i really do n't think he 'd make for a good role model for today 's youth . 
  i disagree . 
  this is all fake and propaganda . 
  these ` heroes ' were just a bunch of searobbers and slave traders . 
  nothing honourable about that . 
  maybe it 's because the netherlands are so refo , but i could n't imagine to see such hero worship in real life . 
  because it is undemocratic and it forces neoliberal policies on us . 
  on top of that ; when the netherlands joined the euro , i was told we could co\u00f6perate to fix our climate and nature policies . 
  and now we have fishing subsidies instead ; they make laws on the amount of particulates in the air , but when we reach the limit they just decide that sea salt does n't need to be taken into account anymore ; andsoforth andsofurther . 
  yes of course , go ahead . 
  i would personally love to see the eu fail , and i think that 'll happen sooner with the uk on board . 
  so i 'd rather have the uk remain in the eu . 
  the italians legalise marihuana while we are restricting it even further . 
  it 's a funny world . 
  je suis germanwings . 
  extremely popular . 
  to the point that most people are ok with the ` accidental ' arrests whenever a republican protests against it . 
  i did n't like it very much at all . 
  he did n't even ask pechtold about it . 
  was really just advertising for d'66 .
