what constitutes a dialect or a separte language is not cut and dry . 
  there is a lot of politics and subjectivity involved . 
  you 're trying to replace castilian imperialism with catalan imperialism . 
  let valencians and balearic people feel however they like . 
   sure , but comparing spain to libya , egypt and algeria is n't fair imo or italy , greece , portugal, 
  this makes no sense , people in gibraltar are the ones bitching about borders being enforced , not the other way around . 
  skyscraper construction follows economic booms , economic booms end one day . 
  ah i see , my bad . 
  do n't be dramatic , i 've lived in mexico and spain , if you live in a nice part of town you can have a european standard of living . 
  onion master race . 
  i really do n't know what kind of degenerate does n't like tortilla with onion . 
  a lot of times smes are unproductive due to lack of economies of scale . 
  spaniards love encouraging smes to the pint of fetishization . 
  it 's in chamart\u00edn no ? 
  cheeto benito, 
  i would like to see the demographic breakdown of that . 
  i imagine cubans went for trump due to the cuba agreement , and i would find it really strange if trump had improved his mexican-american votes . 
   but that does n't mean the brit does n't still have an advantage over all other non-english speakers . 
  and what is that advantage ? 
  thank you , this comment is refreshing . 
  a basic fact of trade is that if someone is selling you something ( i.e. 
  exporting to you ) then they are also buying something from you ( directly or indirectly through other countries ) . 
  when the us buys mexican products they are giving us dollars , which are in essence i.o.u.s for us products . 
  the us has a very low unemployment rate , i really ca n't explain this frenzy about `` der took er jerbs !, 
  you are indeed correct, 
  spanish cities truly have fantastic mixed use development . 
  in mexico we have to drive everywhere and our housing developments look like [ this ] ( https://cadenanoticias.mx/img/grandes/cn1305-011557244483.jpg ), 
   but meanwhile in places like poblenou there 's barely any people . 
  why ? 
  poblenou looks pretty nice , and it 's relatively close to the center, 
  that 's the beautiful part . 
  when wintertime rolls around , the moldovans simply freeze to death . 
   but what about ukraine now ? 
  they get the moldovan doctors of course !, 
  nah , you 'll be alright , though the area around the mexico city airport is ghetto ak, 
  that sounds scary , meanwhile on mexican news we hear stuff like : `` 30 bodies and 15 heads were found in a clandestine grave . 
  the heads do n't match the bodies '' . 
  it 's trying to solve a problem that does n't exist . 
   be they white americans are non-whites non-americans ? 
  or why does it especially matter if their birthrates fall while the country as a whole does n't ? 
  mmm tacos al pastor https://thetacotrail.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/photo111.jpg, 
  the us doesnt give m\u00e9xico humanitarian aid . 
  they give us money to fight drug cartels and prevent central americans from entering m\u00e9xico . 
  were being bribed to do their dirty work , and if trump stops that im all for it . 
  americans can keep receiving heroin and refugees for all i care . 
   the main barrier for those countries is language however , a lot more migrants are going to be skilled or have a greater potential to become skilled in english than french or german , and you 're still going to require the same high level of language ability as you would need to go to the uk . 
  maybe , but i 'm talking about this from the perspective of the immigrant . 
  if one is a a high-skilled immigrat willing to integrate then france and germany are better destinations than the uk or the us . 
  also , french is not paticularly difficult to learn if you speak a latin language . 
  i studied in spain and was in a similar situation to yours . 
  i guess some countries do n't like highly qualified well integrated immigrants . 
  you should check out france or germany , they are a lot more receptive to qualified foreigners . 
   there 's no way they can win , it 's ( atleast ) 75 million people against a bunch of twigs well eta lasted for 50 years in spain , the farcs lasted also around 50 years . 
  do n't underestimate asymmetric warfare . 
  maybe they saw themselves as british in the same way someone from alaska sees himself as an american ? 
  it 's bad , but i 'm not sure if the alternative is less bad . 
  yeah in a way they are a good thing . 
  that 's why our government can actually legislate in a way that we get cheap medicines and internet , unlike in the us . 
  still , it 's pretty infuriating to be paying politicians to advertise to us . 
  mexico is worse , we have political campaigns now for the 2018 election , the worst part is that campaigns are publicly funded !, 
  seriously , why do romanians put up with crap wages ? 
  why not just go to germany or norway ? 
  you have similar wages to us here in mexico and i surely fucking go work somewhere in europe if i could . 
  my experience with spanish trains has been great , are you just using stereotypes ? 
   only majority positive results were for what about other europeans ? 
  its really annoying when people state their opinion as a question . 
  if you believe that this is the end of a civilization just state it , no need to pussyfoot about it . 
  i wonder , if instead of muslims committing thses attacks against non-muslims it were neo-nazis commiting these weekly attacks against muslims would lefties be alarmed ? 
  if jihadists have n't attacked spain it 's not for a lack of trying , as the spanish police has caught several plots in last few years . 
  they have n't been able to attack spain since the madrid bombings because spanish laws and infrastructure are very heavy handed when it comes to terrorism . 
  is accepting millions of muslim immigrants are pre-requisite for wealth ? 
  theyre rocket surgeons you fascist . 
   hence why i said you probably have two bar experiences and compared these two with each other . 
  that 's why i compared two similar areas . 
  london 's poorest area is n't even close to mexico city 's poorest area . 
  mexico city has a huge disparity in income , which means that you 'll find extremely cheap places , but in the ghetto and extremely expensive places , but in really nice areas . 
  in my experience , for the same quality ( rum and coke in camdem vs rum and coke in la condesa ) prices are n't that different . 
  i dunno , in my experience drinking in london is n't that expensive . 
  like not substantially more than mexico at least . 
  it 's not my issue , i 'm for gay marriage , i 'm arguig tha being against gay marriage is n't bigoted per se . 
  you can give them access to the same legal benefits of marriage while calling it civil partnerships . 
  why not call chocolate ice cream vanilla ice cream ? 
  ( mind you , i 'm actually for gay marriage , just do n't think it 's bigoted to be against it ) . 
  you can give equal rights to gay people without calling it marriage . 
  which is , as far as i know , merkel 's position . 
   why does merkel get a pass on this ? 
  it 's not homophobia to be against gay marriage . 
  if refugees are such a boon to the economy then why is it a burden to take them in ? 
  as far as i know european union countries can only have one language recognized for official communications , so in order to have catalan as an official language either italy , spain or france should give up their main language . 
  andorra is n't a member state so it 's irrelevant if catalan is its main language . 
  moreover , having minority languages of the member states opens the gates for all other minority languages being recognized , which i believe is very impractical . 
  they are following the tradition started by their forefather alexander the great of conquering all of greece . 
  why should it be included ? 
  not all lobbying has to be done by croporations with nefarious intentions . 
  all kinds of people can lobby to defend ther rights , worker 's unions , ngos , etc, 
  i 'm sure someone made a mean twitter comment about a deceased franquista or something . 
  same happened with calatrava 's crystal bridge in bilbao, 
  he just strikes me as a vain cunt more concerned with building flashy stuff than withthe people actually using them . 
  the palacio de congresos in oviedo is also full of flaws . 
  go for grad school there , you get a residence permit after graduation,
