do n't mistake quantity for quality . 
  very well . 
  but this time , when the going gets tough , try to grow some balls and do n't cry for captain americas help again , will you sweetheart ? 
  then we will start counting . 
  pissing your pants already ? 
  looking for friends ? 
  frankly isarel , we do n't give a fuck . 
  my bad . 
  `` sommer `` is correct . 
  no native speaker myself ;o), 
  i edited the bitchy part . 
  well it is unconstitutional , but when it comes to international affairs and diplomatic issues , as pfeffersack already pointed out , some exceptions exist , and extradition under certain circumstances is granted . 
  basically what i was saying is : i would rather keep it low when it comes to critizing another countries strict extradition policies , when my own country itself fails miserably and extradites its own citizens without a trial . 
  i for one prefer the german way in this case . 
  a german citizen will be prosecuted in germany by german law . 
  period . 
  if no evidence is given by the foreign authorities , there is no way to determine whether someone committed a crime or not . 
  in this case : acquittal for want of evidence . 
  if another country wants someones extradition it better provides some evidence to the german authorities . 
  simple as that . 
  yeah , i understand that the concept of actually protecting its own citizens is hard to comprehend for [ someone living in the uk ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-south-yorkshire-17355203 ) . 
  butthurt level : british, 
  `` the spectator '' is a british magazine , you dumbfuck . 
  are you weaving a web of intrigue ? 
  what are your plans ? 
  we hav ways to maek u tok !, 
  as if we needed the military to take over greece ... 
  agreed . 
  this thigh-slapping masterpiece of british humor can not be topped . 
  nope . 
  i would rather prefer the other direction and have germany focus more on its own problems instead of throwing money at anyone that yells : * hey , nazis !, 
  give euros , plox . 
  * fuck that . 
  that explains a lot ... 
   one should n't pretend to have power that one does n't actually have . 
  fucking brilliant . 
  it 's the aliens !, 
  they demand it . 
  is this a demonstration of the famous british humor ? 
  the godwin is strong with them . 
  ca n't we just stop talking about how britian fucked up already and go back to discussing ... umm ... important things ? 
  were n't you complaining about how the brits are downvoted to oblivion right now ? 
  it 's unnecessary shit like this , why you ca n't have nice things . 
  here we go again . 
  and it 's almost always the brits . 
  please continue . 
  you sound like one of the good guys . 
  there 's still hope ;o), 
  40 years being called a kraut and a nazi by britain over and over again . 
  what did you expect to happen ? 
  our generation had nothing to do with the world war , but still had to learn he hard way , that there will never be love not even respect from britain . 
  we learned to get along with this , and tried to ignore the insults that came massive from that little island . 
  tl ; dr : if you dish it out you 'll have to be able to take it . 
  whatever , bro . 
  please continue to do whatever you have been doing . 
  u mad , bro ? 
  we simply do n't give a shit about britain anymore . 
  you clearly made your choice , and this fact is accepted . 
  feel free to pat each other on the back . 
  and brits are wondring why everyone is starting to hate them . 
  really ? 
  that 's why they all agreed . 
  sounds legit . 
  oh , if it was n't for america this might have happend . 
  britain did not do shit , except for being the submissive little bitch it is . 
  google the marshall-plan . 
  i suggest you get your history facts straight , you twat . 
  what if some of those banks in london that britain currently tries to protect decide to relocate to the eurozone in the future because is is much easier for them to work from there ? 
  oh , the irony . 
  exactly . 
  it 's almost sad to watch a former strong country become more and more irrelevant on the world stage . 
  they had their chances and took the wrong descisions . 
  now they will have to face their future as americas little retarded but useful friend . 
  sounds legit . 
  * two world wars and one world cock , doodaah , doodahh * ... ... cup !, 
  i meant world cup !, 
  i was not asking if britain sucks americas cock , because there is no doubt about that . 
  that is a proven fact even for your fellow countrymen . 
  the question was if we can now officially talk about it . 
  cheers to that !, 
  we 're actually not that sensitive about this topic anymore , you know . 
  i find things like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioliu2ni66w ) hilarious . 
  are we the baddies ? 
  ah , wonderful !, 
  ahh !, 
  please allow me to introduce myself , i am the owner of fawlty towers . 
  and may i welcome your war ... your war ... you all ... and hope that your stay will be a happy one . 
  now , would you like to eat first , or would you like a drink before the war ... ahh !, 
  er ... trespassers will be tied up with piano wire ... 
  fucking brilliant . 
  hamburg , good choice !, 
  sure , bro . 
  english should be no problem since this will most likely still be the official language in europe , even though england does not like us anymore :o( jump on the economy train !, 
  choooo , chooooo !!, 
  shhh ... * the bow * !, 
  the bow comes before the axe ... 
  you have my sword . 
  this . 
  upvoted for comprehensibility . 
  unlike britain , germany is willing to do what has to be done to make this work .
