  yes , that 's rude of merkel . 
  it does n't if you do n't pay any taxes , never plan to move out of your dump , do n't care about anything that happens outside of the borders of your fed . 
  state and do n't hope for higher pensions . 
  and what exactly makes you think these problems of someone else are imaginary ? 
  when voters of meck-pomm think ' i do n't want the problems of nrw multiplied all over germany ' ? 
  people can also vote out of solidarity with other states . 
  the burden of mass migration and asylum abuse affects pretty much everyone . 
   where do you think they would go ? 
  well , however sad that may be : that 's not the priority here . 
  it 's not australia 's job to give a life counselling to everyone who sets sail for their direction . 
  if the asylum seekers are accepted they can stay on certain islands where they are protected from prosecution ( not from poverty or war ) . 
  if they do n't want to stay/are not accepted they have to go back to where they came from . 
  australia has no other options here and the duties according to international law are fulfilled . 
   why would other countries accept them if australia does not ? 
  because other countries are still in deep slumber while australia is not . 
  i reckon it was once similar to what it 's like in europe ( or they anticipated it ) : thousands of strangers coming illegally to the country , human trafficking , daily drownings , rise of organised immigration crime , rise of right wing parties , ghettos , public riots , ... 
  i 'm not defending them in any other regard , and they made mistakes e.g. 
  putting a civil ( ? ), 
  organisation in charge - that 's not something we should copy . 
  but regarding the migration crisis and the coming demography problems they understood the gravity of the situation and acted while in europe everyone tried to out-liberal each other . 
  yes , skimmed through . 
  i understand that there is bad treatment of asylum seekers but to say they happen on purpose ( as in : bad treatment is part of the model ) is an overstatement . 
  offshore processing , tough policies and border security are the central parts of the model and what europe should strive for and that 's possible without violating human rights . 
  and i just ca n't believe the part about the people having `` no way of leaving the island '' , at least it 's not the whole truth ( i suspect it 's asylum seekers withholding information about their nationality ) . 
  nobody would benefit from this and the australian government called it a lie . 
  it makes the report a whole lot more untrustworthy . 
   i think if we tried doing that in 2016 we 'd get international sanctions . 
  do n't worry . 
  that does n't mean a lot . 
  [ you even get them for voting . 
  ] ( https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2000/02/haid-f22.html ), 
  the violation of human rights is not exactly part of the australian model . 
  and the applicants would be free to leave anytime and avoid the lousy food and poor service . 
  well , he said he would ask ngos like red cross and caritas how much immigration austria can bear and decide based on their advice . 
  that 's far from reasonable in my opinion . 
  it 's actually plain crazy . 
  what the others said , plus : the independent/green candidate promised to refuse swearing in a fp\u00d6 chancellor after the next elections , no matter how many votes they get , so it technically could play a role who will be president . 
  and in general the election serves as a barometer of the public opinion , and our media traditionally hits the panic button when the fp\u00d6 does well in elections . 
   is promising [ ... ] to ban the quran lol no ? 
  source ? 
  internet recruiters are often female . 
  and not few young girls traveled to syria in hope of joining the terrorist organisation = terrorists by definition . 
  hmmm ... 
  probably a similar reaction to when erdogan minions attacked two protestant churches in the night of the coup singing ` allahu akbar ' : hardly anyone would take notice and it has nothing to do with anything anyway . 
  she could also have left or paid the fine . 
  brilliant . 
  scots do have a fine humour , because it 's free , right ? 
  haha ... it 's a joke , right ? 
   the rest of the world is horrified nah , that 's all in your head . 
  `` ** for one time only ** , i will be forgiving and withdrawing all cases against the many disrespects and insults that have been levelled against me , '', 
  i 'm reading the h\u00fcrriyet online version in english since a couple of years and i did n't see a lot of critical voices about g\u00fclen before he broke with erdo . 
  more like ` the g\u00fclen movement is a global one about tolerance , and moderate islam ' . 
  so the resoluteness of the anti-g\u00fclen-movement in the mainstream media is a bit confusing . 
  it all seems to stand and fall with what is the will of the akp . 
  sadly outsider papers like cumhuriyet are not available in english . 
  at least can d\u00fcndar 's column gets a translation in german now . 
  the real question is why did n't turks hate the g\u00fclenist movement as vocal as they do now before erdogan broke with g\u00fclen ? 
  because erdogan does . 
  nice try . 
  he does n't know the difference between swimming and splashing around though . 
  nuns do wear normal swimsuits for swimming . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  will ` consensual ' sex between a 12 year old and a 50 year old not be a crime anymore ? 
  this article says nothing about it . 
  would you deny that children are more vulnerable and easier persuaded into keeping quiet about being sexually abused than a mature person ? 
  like when somebody makes a 12 year old hide the truth ? 
  never happened before . 
  yes , that 's one estimation of what will happen in the following months . 
  turkish and international child rights activists have a different opinion on that . 
  the possibility and probability of a following law still does not make the headline of krone wrong , the decision any less controversial and the reaction of ankara any less ridiculous . 
  is it considered super hostile in your country to report news ? 
  the ticker is n't wrong though . 
  a 40-year-old can have sex with a 12-year-old now . 
   also , you do n't spend nearly as much on integrating them , you 're mostly hosting them . 
  we actually spend a lot of social welfare money on them , giving them free language classes a lot else . 
  the burden you have is marginal in comparison to a country like sweden or germany , since we are far more ambitious than you are , and far more generous in our dealing with refugees . 
  plus , the unhcr camps in turkey are sponsored by the eu . 
  sweden , germany etc. 
  get zero financial support for what they are doing . 
  turkey is not really in the position to bring the number of accomodated refugees as an argument in their defense . 
  in fact according to the refugee convention it 's much more their duty than ours to give them asylum . 
  we would n't expect state visits from the world to give condolences and congratulate on our great fight against terrorism . 
  also , we would make known evidence that it 's really isis members and would n't call the acts of terrorism a ` gift from god ' . 
  and all this without crushing our rule of law . 
  great , right ? 
  not necessarily of course , i was refering to the actions of the then existing government , not speaking in a general way . 
  yes , it was never inconceivable to have an united germany . 
  but these endeavours have beeen far stronger in the 1920 when nearly every political party made the case for gro\u00dfdeutschland . 
  after hitler 's takeover 1933 both big parties opposed the anschluss and continued to do so after war 's end . 
  of course it 's self interest . 
  but you can only have self interest if you have a self , hence a national identity . 
  people making reichstag fire comparisons are not calling the coup false flag . 
  the reichstag fire is not commonly believed to be false flag . 
  it 's more like calling the coup an ` coincidental occurence ' which comes in handy for the power holder to strenghten his authority . 
  are you sure you know what you 're talking about ? 
  i do n't know if you speak german but did you read reports of people who lived in that period of time ? 
  in 1955 when the independence treaty was signed : `` it meant a lot to me as a convinced austrian '' , `` happiness swept through the country '' , `` we always believed in an independent austria '' , `` we have fought 10 years for this freedom '' , `` freedom and independence were the most important words '' , ... 
  in 1945 the provisional austrian government had meetings despite the disapproval of the occuppiers , declared independency even before germany officially surrendered and was very busy to make it seem like austria was a victim all along - is this lacking national identity ? 
  also your ` austria wanted the anschluss ' ... well , it 's not that simple . 
  you think he is citing reddit posters ?
