well , he admitted it himself , those are his words , he was talking about the introduction of the euro i think . 
  i do n't know why you would need examples . 
  every contract he helped to push through ? 
  it seems to be his default method . 
  military officers instructed by whom ? 
  like in case of emergency do the eu27 have to gather and decide on what to do ? 
  every war will be lost before we even come to a conclusion . 
  and the opposite , waging war , in the name of the eu , decided over the head of some member states , is equally bad . 
  if i think about the personnel of the eu , unwavering vasalls of the us in the past conflicts and having geopolitical failure tattoed on their foreheads , if i think about how barroso behaved in the ukraine conflict , like a bull in a china shop , and if i add military power to this kind of incompetence i 'm ... excuse me , i need to take my anti depressiva . 
   is it me or is this whole subreddit filled up with a lot of messed up people ? 
  ikr , i feel like i accidentaly stepped into the meeting of a cult or something . 
  you know , you are talking about jean-claude juncker . 
  or how i call him jean-claude * `` we decide on something , leave it lying around , and wait and see what happens . 
  if no one kicks up a fuss , because most people do n't understand what has been decided , we continue step by step until there is no turning back '' * juncker . 
  before they trade around offices it would be good to know who will be in command of this army . 
  the council , the commission , the 27 national parliaments ? 
  do we even agree on what this army will be used for ? 
  what about the three neutral countries ? 
  juncker and co. are selling the fur before shooting the bear as always . 
  i do n't think that people will vote nazis by a majority . 
  they either lose support after their governing period or they are n't nazis . 
  from my perspective you have an admirably diverse parliament . 
  their turn will come . 
  and at least you can vote for the opposition without being called a nazi . 
  they are too socialistic in economy matters and against gay marriage . 
  and they have no sulik !, 
  sulik is priceless . 
  i wish we had a sloboda a solidarita in austria . 
  true , so many democracies in name only with an opposition serving decorative purposes . 
  all just different shades of the sed . 
  you should take falco for austria , best-selling singer and most international hits . 
  well , what can i say , i have high standards regarding politicians . 
  i expect that the most qualified person is chosen for a post like this . 
  she 's not alone , many of her colleagues are failures as well . 
   you use this event to try to humilliate her in every post you can find , which is kind of sad no , it 's just the first thing i think of when i hear her name . 
  yes , i used hyperbole . 
  let me rephrase : every reasonable person should expect from a politician in this high position to maintain her cool and stay clear-minded . 
  her job is the exact opposite of what she presented there . 
  yes , not that i ever had much respect for her to begin with . 
  people look up to her ( well , not really ) to feel reassured and prepared for what 's to come , not to see a breakdown . 
  good thing nobody takes her seriously . 
  that 's very thoughtful of you . 
  but if you do n't mind we pass them on to germany , i think they started a collection . 
  but italy you ca n't give us the same surprise gift every year . 
  and then we 're gon na send them back because of dublin ii . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38yse2zj8lo http://www.euronews.com/2016/03/22/eu-foreign-policy-chief-mogherini-weeps-over-brussels-bombings, 
  it 's hard to respect her after she started crying in front of the press . 
  believe it or not , but there are still people out there who are disgusted by terms like `` white culture '' and shocked by how many seriously use this term - and at the same time believe that hordes of illegal migrants will bring collapse and civil-war like situations to europe and the institute of asylum is being systematically abused . 
  it 's nice though , that you have such faith in your government . 
  it 's a fact , that ours lied a lot in the past . 
  yes , let 's just disregard their explanation that 's what i 'm saying . 
  always happy to help !, 
  for example that they did n't randomly pass by but have been called , people on both sides were drunk , verbally attacked each other beforehand ... 
  sadly they did n't mention an excuse for throwing rocks at people , if you expected sth like that . 
  weird , i managed to watch it without being a journalist . 
  they say they had not enough forces at that time . 
  but the nazi police theory sure is a lot more entertaining . 
  you could watch the press conference you know . 
  chief of police confirmed that the migrants started the violence with throwing stones and bottles at people . 
  the whole incident has a background story too with those same migrants being aggressive against demonstrators of a nationalistic group the day before . 
  also , your 80 neo-nazis consisted of `` right-wing men and women '' , but also `` bystanders and even teenagers and children '' . 
  the group did not arrange a meeting to attack migrants as was reported before . 
  but of course if you 're saying we should not believe in what the police says , all cops are bastards , fuck tha police etc then you are completely right !, 
  it sounds ridiculous but it 's true . 
  their ` dark past ' comes up in tv discussions and political debates on a regular basis . 
  `` but are we even allowed to [ insert random activity ] regarding our past ? '', 
  except no neighbour country of hungary would ever close their borders to hungary . 
  so you have to cut those off as well . 
  might as well rebuild the iron curtain . 
   what did slovakia and eastern europe ever contribute ? 
  they send us very good waiters . 
  spot-on viennese arrogance . 
  well , you said ` foreigner ' not ` foreign residents ' , the part about spending eu money and getting paid for it still stands , which makes you top of the per capita receivers . 
  now please excuse me , i 'm in the middle of my luxleaks bedtime reading . 
  hungary following the schengen agreement and getting critisised for it has a lot to with this . 
  hungary insisting on adherence to dublin ii has a lot to do with it . 
  some states not being able to kick out others has a lot do with this . 
  he even wants to change the treaties for making this possible . 
  asselborn is a joke . 
   we create 200000 jobs for foreigners 40000 of them being jobs for the eu spending money of the member states and getting payed for it . 
  what is luxembourg ? 
  pacta sunt servanda not being one of the values ? 
  yeah , people should really show their comedian diploma before they 're trying to be funny . 
   the internet would lose their minds . 
  you mean similar to how everbody is insulting her now on social media ? 
  because countries ca n't be friends . 
  `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' is not an imperative , but a wish , as seen in the variants `` gr\u00fc\u00df sie gott '' and `` gr\u00fc\u00df dich gott . '', 
  hate speech detected . 
  do men wear sweaters and long trousers when it 's warm outside ? 
  all the muslim men in shorts and sandals walking in front of their veiled women i have seen this summer must have been a halluzination then . 
  also note , that this cartoon heavily exaggerates the attire of the western woman but shows a common clothing of the arab one . 
  greece could exit the eu if they do n't want to comply with the signed treaties . 
  of course , they would lose 5 billions yearly of structural fonds . 
  they could also exit the schengen area . 
  of course , they would lose free movement of people and access to some funds for ... ` protecting the borders ' . 
  or they just keep cherrypicking and playing victim . 
  pretty nonsensical too . 
  if you would include men in in this cartoon everyone would show skin except the muslim woman . 
   `` one would have expected a more appreciative stance toward all the people who prevented the coup . '', 
  that 's a tall order considering those are the same people who beheaded their opponents and threw them off bridges .
