`` i do n't talk to anyone if i ca n't see their face '' someone should show him this cool new invention called `` the telephone '' . 
  it 's gon na blow his mind !, 
  a lot of people in europe these days are very sad and nervous because they think muslims are having too many children . 
  but the muslims keep having children anyway !, 
  it 's so inconsiderate of them !, 
  immigration !? 
  where ? 
  how ?? 
  bring me my halberd !, 
   2 ) a concencus culture gone horribly wrong the ultimate irony of course being that absolutely everyone you talk to will unquestionably agree with this complaint . 
  this is completely wrong . 
  the investigation found the register to be illegal in several ways ( [ source ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20131115/police-roma-register-ruled-to-be-illegal-sweden-swedish ) ) . 
  generalizations are always wrong !, 
  i give it a 7 out of 10 . 
  well , too fricking bad then !, 
  freedom of the press means all media outlets wo n't always make decisions you like . 
  maybe i should be surprised that some danish politicians apparently ca n't grasp that concept either , but somehow i ai n't . 
  you proposed that the press freedom index for sweden should be downgraded because you personally think swedish press is too `` politically correct '' . 
  it really does sound like you think this index should be based not on whether the press can report freely , but on whether the press reports `` correctly '' . 
  ironically , your arguments are extremely similar to this `` political correctness '' that you seem to despise so much . 
  you heard it here first , folks ; press freedom only counts if it 's used in a way that reddit user theendgame agrees with . 
  thankfully we have a never ending supply of people complaining about immigration on the internet . 
  keep it up , brave patriots !, 
  passive-aggressive online rants are the immigrants ' only weakness !, 
  they have n't stated that at all . 
  stop making things up . 
  i also think that banning golden dawn will probably only increase support for them . 
  therefore , the correct strategy is obviously to do the exact opposite : ban all other parties except golden dawn !, 
  in the past , yes . 
  but he did also recently apologize for making such blanket negative statements about an entire ethnic group . 
  now that i think about it , he seems to have become way more tolerant of other cultures lately . 
  i wonder what might have prompted that change ? 
  he does n't refer specifically to gypsies . 
  just troublesome people in general . 
   you do n't have to guess where he stands with gypsies . 
  i do n't know what exactly you 're trying to imply here , but geert wilders has no problem with gypsies . 
  in fact on a number of occasions he has publicly expressed his deep respect for their culture , and his sympathies with the struggles they have had to endure throughout history . 
  the daily mail is n't racist or politically incorrect . 
  that 's giving it way too much credit . 
  it 's just a shit paper for twats . 
  why single out muslim countries ? 
  there are plenty of non-muslim countries that are also way worse to gays than russia . 
  holy cow !, 
  an immigrant-negative comment that also has absolutely nothing to do with the comment it replied to ? 
  impressive effort !, 
  keep writing comments like that and you may someday reach level 90 and start raiding / r/liberal and / r/socialist . 
  i honestly do n't believe that the people spewing hatred against muslims ( or blacks , or gypsies , or whatever the topic might be ) on the internet really hate them as much as they claim to . 
  most people are not on the internet to contribute genuine , sustainable solutions to problems in society . 
  they are on the internet to entertain themselves . 
  therefore , i think that political discussions on the internet has more in common with an online game than real-life political discussion and debate . 
  you get points by writing comments that people will find entertaining , and a lot of people are obviously entertained by expressions of violence , anger and outrage ( which itself is a worrying trend , but that 's a topic for another day ) . 
  seeing comments like `` send the army on them '' and `` time to use lethal force '' with lots of upvotes may be unsettling , but in reality it has about as much substance as someone saying `` i 'm going to fuck your mom '' during a game of call of duty . 
  monaco !, 
  yes , we 're all feeling surprise , anger , and massive sexual arousal . 
  or maybe that was just me . 
  perpetrators were reportedly black muslim gypsies . 
  this caused what scientist call the `` perfect hat-trick of ethnic hatred '' , the force of which instantly caused / r/europe and / r/worldnews to implode in on themselves . 
  * reddit : the curious case of an early 21st century social media site , p. 233 ( 2055 ) *, 
  this is `` nationaldemokraterna '' , not `` sverigedemokraterna '' that 's being interviewed . 
  nationaldemokraterna ( nd ) is way more extremely right wing than sverigedemokraterna ( sd ) . 
  for example they oppose integration or assimilation all together as they want an `` ethnically clean '' nation , and they call homosexuality a `` perversion '' . 
  even sd considers them extreme , and nd considers sd to be `` politically correct '' , `` cultural marxists '' , `` traitors to their country '' etc , you know the drill . 
  also , in the 2010 election they received a whopping 0,02 percent of the vote . 
  therefore , calling them a `` negligible far right party '' is very accurate . 
  obviously islam is to blame , in particular surah 63:12 . 
  `` the righteous will know when the time has come . 
  they will ignite their fires and burn the infidels ' automobiles . '', 
  one thing : they caught the cat killer !, 
  my condolences . 
  it 's a problem when it 's done in an absolutely dumbass way such as this . 
  `` the criticism has mainly focused on the police 's id controls in the stockholm subway , with critics accusing the police of singling out foreign-looking people for controls and using vague grounds for stopping and searching commuters '' . 
  it 's wasting people 's time , limiting their freedom of movement , worsening their quality of life , making them feel harassed for no reason , and all this on the vaguest of grounds . 
  `` foreign looking = might be an illegal immigrant ! '' . 
  seriously , if this was any other crime being enforced , i bet absolutely no-one would agree with this kind of method . 
  unless you are native american , you do n't really have a leg to stand on complaining about immigration . 
  yeah , people freely choosing what religion to follow ... truly horrifying !!, 
  something must be done about all this horrible freedom !, 
  hey guys , i have an awesome idea !, 
  first we will constantly demand that muslims should condemn acts of islamic extremism . 
  but when they do condemn them , we will accuse them of taqiyya , i.e. 
  lying !, 
  it 's gon na be so much fun !, 
  so we disagree . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  or rather , i would be fine with that if it was n't for the fact that people with your opinions are pushing to dismantle people 's rights and freedoms all over europe . 
  like the absolutely insane and indefensible logic that people who have committed no crimes whatsoever should have their freedom of religion , assembly and expression limited because people with the same faith are over-represented in prison . 
  or the concept of `` integration '' , which effectively gives governments the power to determine which values and opinions the people are allowed to have . 
  i believe that the people who do n't belong in europe are the ones that want a society that collectively punishes the population and limits freedom of opinion . 
  not `` muslims '' , `` foreigners '' or `` immigrants '' in general . 
  edit : rephrased to sound less hostile and angry . 
  i apologize . 
  attacking homosexuals and not paying taxes are already illegal though and are actively prosecuted regardless of the perpetrator 's background or religion . 
  if you have any actual examples of muslims or people of other faiths getting away with these crimes by using their religion as justification , feel free to provide them . 
  the way i see it there is a rapidly growing fundamentalist and very dangerous xenophobic and specifically anti-islamic community growing in europe . 
  one that has spawned several mass killers and terrorists ( anders behring breivik , the german neo-nazi serial killers , among others ) . 
  unlike islamic extremism however , this extremist group has been allowed to grow and prosper unhindered or even supported by european politicians , to the point of it influencing european countries such as france , belgium and switzerland of compromising the core values of freedom that are the very foundations of what makes a western democracy . 
  and so many people are eagerly cheering on the dismantling of these foundations , since the power this grants our leaders are as of yet only used against people they do n't like - the muslims . 
  and they genuinely believe that these powers will never , ever be used against themselves . 
  how naive they are . 
  christianity and judaism are n't native to europe either , so unless you intend for europe to restrict religious practice for christians and jews as well , that 's a pretty damn weak argument .
