  i looked at the list . 
  it would certainly make the number of europeans in ssu countries 443,039,377 , compared to 406,077,277 europeans in non-ssu countries . 
  legally , they ca n't post those jihadists ' addresses when they return . 
  `` europe , i was going to destroy you , but i need a new ipod . 
  can you get me a new ipod ? 
  i 'll promise i wo n't try to destroy you again . 
  no hard feelings , ya ? '', 
  it feels like a cop-out that they removed adoption , but they can legalise it eventually . 
  legalising civil unions is still good news , and it would help make society and the government more open to equalising marriage and adoption laws . 
  fair play to ya , italy !, 
  if/when the law comes into effect , would that mean the majority of europeans now live in a country that recognises same-sex unions ? 
  good point . 
  that would probably explain a lot . 
  and if she did apologise , whether she was forced to or not , she 'd get called a `` traitor '' . 
   people who kept to themselves while others suffered existed since always that 's actually a serious problem with humanity in general . 
  a lot of people do n't speak out for others or try to stand up for them , and that is one major reason why the world can be a scary place . 
  my mother , sister and most other women i know are sick of `` feminists '' . 
  i 'm all for raising awareness to a specific problem , but once most people have heard about it it becomes pointless to just complain about it . 
  there is a lot of sexism against women and men in the western world , but it does n't seem like the feminists are doing anything about it . 
  to add to that , nobody cares if a woman wore a shirt with naked men in it . 
  well , she 'd get called a slut and get harassed for having a sexuality , which is definitely bad , but she would n't be accused of being sexist . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  it 's disgusting how those so-called feminists claim to speak for all women but do n't give a shit when a woman gets victimised by anyone other than a white man . 
  same in ireland m at least in my household . 
  nudity is not a thing in my house . 
  you leave your room or the bathroom you must cover your genitals at the very least . 
  you knock before you enter someone else 's room and we have two bathrooms ( both with locks ) in the house . 
  i do n't care if nudity is tolerated in other people 's houses but those are the rules in mine . 
  some people did n't realise you were sarcastic . 
  i 'm not entirely sure , but from what i 've heard it 's usually overprotective mothers who do n't trust their husbands around their kids , people who associate genitalia exclusively with sexual intercourse and people who think it 's impossible for men to be nurturing . 
  you 'd find a lot of people like that in some english-speaking countries . 
  add the / s at the end to a sentence that is sarcastic . 
  i agree totally . 
  the father was just doing his job as a parent ; cleaning his daughter , which is something she can not do herself . 
  parents have a responsibility to tend towards their kids ; how can they do that if some paranoid asshole is going to blow a completely mundane thing out of proportion ? 
  i do n't get why this is an issue at all . 
  that girl exists because of her father 's genitals . 
  by the way , i 've seen a lot of baby-care ads depicting mothers washing their kids and they are naked in some of these ads ( obviously their backs are turned but there was no controversy at all , that i know of ) . 
  either those ads would be controversial now or people only bat an eye at fathers being naked in front of their children but do n't mind mothers doing it . 
  i hope you get everything you were hoping to get from father frost . 
  we have a holiday in ireland called [ little christmas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_christmas ) , or `` women 's christmas '' on 6th january . 
  in some regions in ireland women take a break from household chores , get special attention in pubs and restaurants , and receive presents from siblings or children . 
  it 's also the day we take down the decorations . 
  the julian calendar influenced this date . 
  limericks not that bad . 
  though it 's certainly not as good as galway . 
  i take it you 're from the people 's republic of cork , boy ? 
  galway is lovely . 
  i get a colourful vibe whenever i 'm there and it is a very youthful city because of the university and the institute of technology . 
  also a gateway to the west of ireland . 
  it is the only city in connacht . 
  do n't forget limerick . 
  they get a bad rep ( their nickname : stab city ) but it 's getting safer and better overall . 
  also has one of the biggest shopping centres outside of dublin in the suburbs . 
  it also helps if more men become stay at home dads and stay at home dads receive support . 
  it 's an increasing trend for the father to stay at home with the kids while his wife continues to work . 
  if sah fathers have support and men married to women who earn more money are more aware of that possibility , and breadwinner mothers with sah spouses also get support for their arrangements then career-driven women are less likely to not have kids . 
  that said , there should still be support provided to couples where both parents are working . 
   chin up , ireland . 
  you forgot the o. 
  i 'll geev ya a good hidin ' now patrick !, 
  i 'll leather ya !, 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure he was from scotland . 
  and st patrick 's mother was a typical irish mammy . 
  the media . 
  a lot of great movies and programs are made in the us . 
  shows like archer , breaking bad , south park and many shows from netflix , and movies like the avengers , dark night , the shining and the pixar movies . 
  social media sites like facebook , youtube and reddit originated from the us . 
  game of thrones was also partly made in the us . 
  of course , the american media also brought us jersey shore and toddlers and tiaras and adam sandler movies . 
  and shows like family guy and spongebob squarepants were kept on longer than they should 've . 
  do n't get me started on fox news . 
  but overall , we do get a lot of good tv , music and entertainment from the states . 
  i think new york , boston and philadelphia are amazing cities , and california , florida and hawaii have amazing beaches . 
  i do n't like your prison system , drug policy , education system , healthcare , attitudes to the environment and foreign policy . 
  your foreign policy definitely has to be improved and american exceptionalism needs to be abandoned . 
  also , ditch the imperial system . 
  but you guys are some sound lads . 
  lots of scenery , lots of tall buildings , good infrastructure for business , entertainment and driving , and a lot of space to do cool things . 
  a couple living together for a few years get a certain number of rights that married or civilly unionised couples enjoy . 
  in ireland an unmarried couple gets some rights after living together for 5 years . 
  it 's informal recognition . 
  actually , countries like germany and france have a civil ceremony requirement in order to get married . 
  weddings at churches have no legal effect . 
  and even in countries like ireland where they do have legal effect , they still provide civil ceremonies and the legalising of gay marriage had no effect on churches . 
   defines marrige as men-women relationship that means that the constitution bans same-sex marriage . 
  same-sex marriage can not be legalised because marriage can only be recognised for opposite-sex couples . 
  red does n't mean that same-sex relationships are prohibited ; just that same-sex marriage can only be legalised after the constitution has been amended . 
  croatia and hungary have those bans but they also have civil unions . 
  good map , though this does n't take recognition of unregistered cohabitation into account . 
  red means a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage . 
  grey means that there is no gay marriage nor civil unions , but does n't have any constitutional ban . 
  countries that are neither red nor dark blue can still have gay marriage bans in their civil codes or statutes , though some of those countries do n't . 
  if a law is required by the constitution , then the government can not repeal it unless they amend the constitution before the repeal . 
  but if the government ignores the constitution and repeal the marriage , act 2015 ( the law that enforces gay marriage ) , the courts would allow same-sex couples to get hitched on a case-by-case basis because they have a constitutional right to do so . 
  you 're right . 
  things like this should only be decided by legislation or court rulings . 
  unfortunately , the constitution was ambiguous on whether a law allowing same-sex marriage would be constitutional , so we needed a referendum to ensure that the law would n't be struck down by courts ( and we need a referendum to pass in order to change the constitution ) . 
  on the plus side , future governments wo n't be allowed to repeal the law . 
  the irish one passing is a good thing , while the slovenian one failing is a bad thing .
