  i have n't ruled out the possibility of an afterlife or ( a ) god ( s ) so i 'm agnostic , but religion is completely unimportant to me . 
  we also just banned corporal punishment in the home . 
  source : http://www.irishlegal.com/3132/reasonable-chastisement-defence-removed-in-corporal-punishment-cases/, 
  glad to see this happening . 
  religion should be treated as a personal issue . 
  if the current government does n't pass the law abolishing rule 68 , hopefully the next one will . 
  she not the best politician , and not the best person for europe , but she certainly has been one of the most influential . 
  she 's definitely better than many other politicians . 
  standing up to putin wins some points in my book . 
  this is no wonder why an increasing number of gay voters are voting for right wing parties . 
   sweden . 
  reason : toblerone . 
  for a second there i thought you said tolerance , which is a stereotype of the swedes . 
   proud to be irish . 
  we 'll continue to spread our seed !, 
  spain - for some reason i keep coming to spain when i need a holiday . 
  the lovely arid climate , long hours of sunshine , the friendly people and how cheap a meal is . 
  the beaches are nice and they have a lot of waterparks . 
  the terrain is beautiful and varied ; next time i 'll go i 'll check out their mountains , though i have seen the pyrenees on my way to france . 
  you got ta love their architecture as well . 
  finland - never been there , but they produce very good metal music , especially children of bodom and apocalyptica . 
  as an introvert , i would feel a little less out of place ; also a resilient bunch of people . 
  lot of technology ; i ca n't wait until when nokia start making phones again . 
  if i go there i will definitely try out their saunas . 
  beautiful scenery with lots of moose and bears ( i know they are dangerous , but they are nice to look at - from a distance ) . 
  uk - they gave the world james bond and harry potter . 
  they also have andy riley , i love his comics . 
  the horrid henry books played a big role in my childhood . 
  anyway , they helped us make father ted , they have a wide variety of accents and their dry , dark sense of humour is probably my favourite thing about the british . 
  i especially love the scottish . 
  very similar to us irish , and they made trainspotting . 
  let 's not forget their scenery . 
  honourable mentions would be germany , switzerland , portugal and netherlands . 
  if the ruling is n't appealed , it looks like pregnant women who were raped/carrying deformed foetuses can just go over the border . 
  no airplane flights needed . 
  though for other abortions , they 'll still have to go across the irish sea . 
  hopefully the day will come when abortion becomes legal over here . 
  too bad we 'll need to have a referendum for that . 
  fresh meat ; a british sitcom of six crazy college students in manchester sharing accommodation . 
  pasila ; a finnish cartoon about a police precinct . 
  unfortunately , only a handful of the episodes are subbed , but they are very funny . 
  fair play to portugal . 
  well done . 
  not the most fabulous wedding , but a truly poignant and beautiful one nonetheless . 
  it 's not gon na stay windy forever !, 
  also proud to be gay and irish . 
  that was a brilliant speech . 
  sums up everything that is wrong with a system with straight-only marriage and gay-only civil partnerships . 
  inversely , a gay-only marriage and straight only civil partnership system would be equally insane as well . 
  of course it did n't stop iona . 
  a similar organisation called mothers and fathers matter wanted to challenge the adoption acts in court had the referendum failed . 
  i agree . 
  i know civil partnerships are better than nothing , but they 're a form of marriage apartheid . 
  only if they are available to opposite-sex couples as well ( like in new zealand and malta ) are they acceptable . 
  even then , unless the country has marriage equality , most same-sex couples entering civil partnerships are only settling for what they do n't want . 
  if the dup wo n't budge hopefully the courts will bring in marriage equality , like they did with adoption . 
  i wonder who will be the first same-sex couple to get married on the [ cliffs of moher . 
  ] ( http://d5qsyj6vaeh11.cloudfront.net/images/destinations/wild-atlantic-way/signature-destination-points/cliffs-of-moher/sdp10_cliffs-of-moher_main.jpg ), 
  nice !, 
  it 's been 11 years since i 've been there . 
  i 'd love to go to slide and splash again . 
  spain is the most popular destination for holidays . 
  portugal is also popular , especially among college students . 
  as you can see , we love our sun holidays . 
  we also love to visit the uk , the us ( especially new york ) , germany , austria , france , netherlands ( especially amsterdam ) and australia . 
  south africa would be popular for those looking to go on safari . 
  for staycations , dublin , galway , kilarney and west clare are among the most popular destinations . 
  but unless we 're going to dublin , wicklow or wexford we certainly do n't go for the weather . 
  yeah but who has to carry the foetus to term for 9 months , then go through hours of intense physical pain around the pelvis ? 
  i do believe that the moment the kid is born the father should have the same rights to the child as the mother ( unless he raped the mother ; i also believe if the mother raped the father she should get no rights to the child ) . 
  if the father does n't want the child , he should have the same rights as the mother to put the child up for adoption . 
  there are countries out there where abortion is completely legal but the father can prevent an abortion from happening if he wants to raise the child . 
  but i 'm not in favour of that because he does n't have to carry around something inside him for 9 months and go through labour afterwards . 
  i know it 's not fair , but biology is n't fair . 
  i 'm a man . 
  i do n't consider myself a feminist . 
  but i do support abortion . 
  why ? 
  because living in poverty and knowing that your parents never wanted you might be worse than not being born . 
  if my parents aborted me while i was still in the womb , i would n't give a shit because then a ) i would n't exist or b ) i could be living in a different plane of existence . 
  people who are working towards having their own kids do n't generally freak out when they realise they 're pregnant/have knocked someone up . 
  well many of these anti-abortionists would probably get an abortion themselves if they found out they were pregnant before they 're ready for parenthood . 
   especially priests , oh boy that 's good fun . 
  given why some of them would especially be anti-choice , it 's hardly a surprise . 
  til that men can also get pregnant and have periods . 
  bulmer 's / magner 's are not that sweet . 
  some of the songs by rammstein are funny . 
  irish mothers . 
  they 're similar to italian mothers . 
  one of the funniest lecturers at my college is german . 
  sound man he is . 
  we love our whiskey , our guinness and our cider . 
  and do n't mess with the irish mammies . 
  irish daddies are also not to be messed with . 
  no , i 'd just stop paying for her college . 
  she 's still an awful person though . 
  was it true that mustafa called for someone to be arrested because she saw a bigoted tweet not targeted against white men ? 
  because if so , she 's a hypocrite . 
  if i was her father i would 've cut her off . 
  i do n't like either of them , to be honest .
