  four years ago , their score was very bad . 
  since then they 've expanded their anti-discrimination laws , passed a civil unioin law that gives all the rights of marriage , including adoption , enshrined legal protections from discrimination into the constitution and passed one of the most progressive gender identity laws in the world , that includes a ban on sterilising intersex minors . 
  the only thing malta is missing now is gay marriage . 
  this map is about legal rights though . 
  it does n't take how the society treats lgbtis into account . 
  which is why switzerland is so low despite being almost as gay friendly as germany . 
  georgia gets a higher score , but it 's not very gay friendly . 
  not nearly as friendly as switzerland . 
  slovenia has passed a gay marriage law , but there 's a chance it may be put to a referendum unless the court rules that such a referendum would be unconstitutional . 
  if the referendum goes ahead and the people vote no , then all same-sex couples would have is a weak partnership law . 
  croatia 's civil union law gives nearly all the rights of marriage except joint adoption . 
  you make a point that slovenia is a better country to live in than croatia for gay couples who do n't want to hide their relationship , but gay couples in croatia have more legal protections right now . 
  if the referendum passes or is blocked by the courts , then slovenia would be better in both social and legal terms . 
  i 'm surprised by luxembourg 's low score . 
  they 've had same-sex marriage and adoption since the start of the year . 
  i expected them in the mid-fifties to low-sixties at least . 
  our score , on the other hand , is somewhat justified . 
  other than the marriage equality referendum , which could pretty much go either way : * section 37 allows religious schools and hospitals to fire or refuse to hire a staff member to protect their `` ethos '' . 
  which means a catholic school or hospital can fire a teacher or surgeon/nurse/doctor for being gay , divorced or a single parent , among other arbitrary reasons . 
  edit : fyi , most schools and hospitals in ireland are catholic . 
  * once a man has sex with another man , he can never donate blood . 
  same problem in many other countries in europe , like the netherlands and denmark , which are far more progressive than us . 
  but still . 
  * no legal protections based on gender identity or intersex status . 
  * and the worst , is that transexuals can only be recognised in the gender they were born into . 
  a transwoman is a man and a transman is a woman under the eyes of the law . 
  the government has promised legislation to fix this , but no bill has been brought to a vote . 
  hopefully the referendum will pass , and the other inequalities will be dealt with by the next government . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_the_republic_of_ireland, 
  wow . 
  i might consider it . 
  but i 'll have to look into it more though . 
  cool . 
  but is it only for people who are considering a military career ? 
  yeah !, 
  that too . 
  i think it should apply to everyone , male or female , and anyone who does n't want to get conscripted can do an alternative civilian service . 
  if conscription would instill discipline , self-defense and wilderness survival skills in men , then there 's no reason why it would n't do the same for women . 
  can understand why you guys have it . 
  though i 'd prefer a six months system , with a neutral policy similar to switzerland 's as well . 
  now i wished our country had a similar system . 
  damn !, 
  nice moves . 
  sounds like those guys know how to have fun and go crazy . 
  i like it . 
  i 'm all for a limited form of direct democracy . 
  for example , if you 're not happy with your president , td/mp/representative , or senator , then you should be able to hold a recall election after gathering 10 % of valid signatures from registered voters ( of a country for a president , of the area represented by the senator/representative for the senator/representative ) once during their term of office . 
  voters should also be allowed to hold referendums on how the legislature is structured ( eg : whether or not to keep the senate , the required number of votes to override a president 's veto , etc ) , or on whether their country should join or leave an international treaty . 
  i do not believe that there should be a referendum on the rights of a minority ( women 's suffrage , same-sex marriage ) . 
  if a referendum is held on a particular subject , the same referendum can not be held within five years after it is held . 
  i also believe that there should be the valid signatures of no less than 15 % of registered voters to hold a referendum ( so that there 'd be less of a chance of a referendum on proposals like [ the somodite suppression act ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sodomite_suppression_act ) or the minaret ban ) . 
  we 'll leave that to individual eu countries to decide . 
  you actually make a point . 
  ryannair did open up the possibility of air travel to millions of people across europe . 
  the reason i 've included them in the controversial section is because some of the proposals they 've made ( such as charging to use the toilets ) , which they have thankfully cancelled . 
  i 've moved them up to the proud section . 
  as for u2 , while they are a successful band and bono is a very charitable person , whenever people outside of ireland think of irish rock music , they immediately think of u2 , which can get frustrating . 
  this is not helped by the fact that some people find their music to be fairly mediocre . 
  many of us also find bono to be a piece of crap . 
  still , to a lot of people , they are a good band in their own right . 
  ashamed : 1 . 
  weak navy and air force , if we can call them that . 
  abortion is still illegal . 
  the ira . 
  one of the highest rates of cystic fibrosis in the world . 
  most schools and hospitals are still under the rule of the catholic church . 
  no postal code . 
  we were a theocracy until the 1990 's and a third world country until the 1960 's . 
  contraception , sex between men and divorce were illegal until 1979 , 1993 and 1997 , respectively . 
  censorship up until the 1990 's . 
  unmarried fathers having had little or no rights until very recently . 
  magdalene laundries . 
  child sex abuse scandals . 
  many other social issues both past and present . 
  proud : 1 . 
  literature ( wb yeats , oscar wilde , seamus heaney , patrick kavannagh ) . 
  halloween ( alongside the scots and the welsh ) . 
  father ted ( alongside the brittish ) . 
  how quickly we became a secular nation . 
  a filming location for movies such as saving private ryan , the * princess bride and king arthur . 
  microsoft , apple and facebook , among other software companies , having emea headquarters in ireland . 
  winning the eurovision 7 times , including 3 times in a row . 
  we 're one of the most charitable nations in the world . 
  one of the first countries in the eurozone to experience economic recovery . 
  the submarine was invented by an irish man . 
  neutral nation . 
  ryannair . 
  proud and/or ashamed , depending on your point of view : 1 . 
  we 're also having a referendum on same-sex marriage next month . 
  if it passes , then it will be something to be proud of . 
  if it does n't , then it will be something to be ashamed of . 
  edit : moved ryannair from proud and/or ashamed to proud . 
  thank you / u/skypl . 
   does your country use the euro ? 
  yes . 
   what do you think of the euro ? 
  i like it . 
  convenient for travelling among other eurozone countries , makes trade easier and i also like the designs on the coins . 
   how would you like to improve the euro ? 
  get rid of 1c and 2c coins .
