  the way we teach irish and foreign languages , and have poor resources for disabled and socially disadvantaged students , holds us back though . 
  ah sure they 're grand , like . 
  upvote for irish pubs . 
  ~ ~ pub food is expensive , so i recommend going only for the drinks , the music , the atmosphere , maybe the dance and the craic . ~ ~, 
  finland 's educational system . 
  i expected more from you !, 
  my parents are mass-going catholics , and they do n't care what the vatican thinks . 
  most irish people do n't care , and this upsets the vatican now that they no longer have ireland wrapped around their finger . 
  i , on the other hand , care . 
  why ? 
  because if the vatican is angry at us for doing something right , we 'll have another excuse to distance ourselves from them . 
   but think about the children !, 
  a lot of priests , bishops and nuns sure are thinking about the children . 
  we 've been proud of our nation even before the referendum . 
  the result made us realise that there 's more about our nation to be proud of . 
  i would 've preferred if it was passed without a referendum as well . 
  but thanks . 
  on the bright side , it 's guaranteed by the constitution now . 
  gay marriage can become legal by court ruling in ni . 
  only 19 countries have legalised it before us . 
  none of them passed it through a referendum . 
  we 're the first to do so . 
  and this vote could encourage the us supreme court , northern ireland , switzerland , croatia , germany , australia and loads of other countries to legalise same-sex marriage within the next decade or so . 
  today , i could n't be even more proud to be irish . 
  we 've made history after only 22 years of gay sex being legal . 
  four years ago we never thought we 'd see this day coming . 
  this could be a turning point for gay rights world wide . 
  strangely enough , i predicted it would pass in the low 60s . 
  hon ireland !, 
  i heard that support among elderly voters were in the high 30s or low 40s . 
  more or less . 
  still many people would believe that all of them except the gay ones are against it . 
   craggy island , i fear , will vote no . 
  you 're forgetting that mrs doyle would egg the island 's inhabitants to vote yes . 
  hopefully . 
  there have been videos of elderly voters saying they were going to vote yes , [ such as this one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkgpyuz2yhq ), 
  i 'd say about 55 % would vote yes . 
  i 'd be surprised if less than 40 % or more than 65 % voted yes though . 
  i just got back from the polling station . 
  there was only a handful of people there . 
  i 'd say about one of them would be in his 30s , a couple in their 40s and a few in their 50s . 
  i 'm 20 , in case anyone 's wondering . 
  but it 's 11:15 right now here in ireland , and i say most of the people who are going to vote yes will be up in an hour and get ready to vote . 
  unless they 're at work ; then they 'll vote when they get home . 
  if marriage is all about children , then it should not come with any of the benefits it already comes with that do not involve children . 
  in fact , if marriage is about children , then we might as well get rid of it , because i know a lot of parents raising children outside of marriage . 
  marriage is about property , inheritance and being able to see the person you love in hospital . 
  why should people have to have children in order to make legally binding commitments to their lovers ? 
  and in case you have n't noticed , most countries that allow gay marriage ( bar portugal ) allow gay couples to adopt and get ivf treatment . 
  ireland , malta , andorra and israel , which do n't allow gay marriage , also allow gay adoption . 
  so if you 're against gay marriage because gay couples ca n't naturally have children of your own , then your argument is invalid . 
  anxiously waiting for the 22nd , then vote yes , and afterwards anxiously wait until the morning of the 23rd when the results are announced . 
  damn !, 
   quite a lot of metal bars , festivals and venues . 
  that 's it !, 
  i 'm moving to finland !, 
  almost non-existent in my town , unfortunately . 
  shops , restaurants , public buildings and radio stations mostly play traditional irish music , country music , rap , house , dance , disco , soul , rnb and top 40 hits . 
  i 'm okay with these genres , but it 's disappointing that metal , punk and rock ( unless it 's u2 or coldplay ) are ignored . 
  the city i go to college in ( limerick ) plays rock music more often , but metal is still rare at best . 
  it really sucks . 
  we had a vote on legalising it at the end of 2013 , and iirc only 8 tds voted in favour while 111 voted against . 
  it would be a while before we allow it , but we are having a debate on it and i can imagine after the next general election there will be more than twice as many tds in favour . 
  we might decriminalise cannabis in the meantime . 
  the law is unclear if it guarantees inheritance without a will . 
  while the civil partner will definitely have hospital visitation rights , it 's unclear if the partner 's family will have those rights . 
  civil partners are not considered part of their partner 's family unless the family accepts them . 
  allowing gay marriage will solve these inequalities . 
  these inequalities can also be solved by expanding the civil partnership legislation . 
  but i still do n't like the `` separate but equal '' status civil partnerships constitute . 
  if civil partnerships were available to opposite-sex couples , i would have less complaints , because then it would n't feel like marriage apartheid . 
  there 's also no reason to limit civil marriage to opposite-sex couples . 
  i understand religious organisations refusing to recognise same-sex marriages , and they have a right to , but there 's no reason to deny same-sex couples the right to civil marriage . 
  yeah . 
  that 's the reason . 
  it can happen in straights as well , but does n't lower the risk for gays . 
  this referendum affects * civil * marriage only . 
  if the referendum passes , same-sex couples will be able to marry in a registry office . 
  or in a hotel , the backgarden of their house or in the woods , with the wedding officiated by a registrar . 
  this already goes for opposite-sex couples who wish to have a civil ceremony . 
  this does not in any way affect priests , pastors , rabbis or imams , because they will not be obliged to marry same-sex couples . 
  places of worship will also be able to refuse to hold same-sex wedding ceremonies . 
  religious communities that would be eager to marry same-sex couples already hold civil partnership ceremonies . 
  so no , marriage is not a religious thing . 
  it is in some countries , but definitely not ireland . 
  fyi , civil partnerships are not valid alternatives . 
  not the reason i was thinking of , but fair point ...  =[, 
  i 'm praying that it passes . 
  if it does n't , we 'll just have another referendum in a few years time and then it will pass . 
  oh , i 'm voting yes all right . 
  i just hope it passes . 
  even by 50.1 % i 'll be happy with the result , as long as it passes . 
  thanks for your support . 
  i know . 
  i was just taking the piss out of people who do n't believe that two straight people of opposite sexes can truly be best friends . 
  best of luck to you both . 
  [ they 've made a parody as soon as this video was released . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_iqncogmo8 ), 
  as a homosexual male ...
