  in fact , i know at least three people who believe that israel should not be recognised . 
  i know a few people as well who believe that israel has a right to exist , but strongly believe that palestine also has a right to exist . 
  the most pro-israeli fella i know has not mentioned whether or not he recognises palestine , and has stated that `` in fairness to israel , it has the best human rights record in the middle east '' . 
  not that any of us takes him seriously , though . 
  so yeah , israel is controversial in ireland , but not palestine . 
  and the church wonders why many young people who grew up catholic are leaving the church . 
  in ireland , we have the church of ireland . 
  it 's like the catholic church , but they back same-sex marriage ( or at least do n't oppose it ) , allow women to become priests and do n't deny communion to divorcees . 
  it 's gaining members at the expense of the catholic church . 
  talking out of your arse as usual . 
  guess you 're right . 
  my source about maemo came from mobile gazette , who praised the n900 ( they do have a tendency to be biased at times , but i 've never looked into maemo that much before ) . 
  i suppose making android phones as early as 2009 rather than adding another os to an overcrowded market definitely would 've saved nokia 's ass . 
  i used to have a symbian phone . 
  it was awesome at first ( my first smartphone ) , but after a few months it was only good for music , checking emails and taking pics and videos . 
  switched to android and i was happy . 
  i 'm not blaming elop . 
  he was definitely a trojan horse ; ambitious to influence what was the worlds largest handset manufacturer , regardless of whether or not it may end up selling it 's soul ( or at least the handset divison ) to another company ( in which case , it was microsoft ) . 
  you 're right that nokia either a ) knew that their fate was inevitable , and wanted somebody to pin the blame on , or b ) were just completely short-sighted . 
  either way , they are the ones who are at fault . 
  many nokia fans are still angry with elop though , because they hoped he would save nokia without any intervention from microsoft . 
  hopefully , nokia will get back into the smartphone market in a couple of years . 
  they can begin making new phones under their own name by 2016 or 2017 , but the design language will be different . 
  also , microsoft never acquired the rights to the nokia tune ringtone , so that 's a sure sign that nokia might make a comeback . 
  but if it does , it would probably have to start making android devices as well as windows 10 devices . 
   buy jolla at some point , and get back into the mobile phone market . 
  this could be in the cards as well . 
  all fine points there . 
  that explains why nokia was unwilling to make android or more maemo phones . 
  still invalid reasons though . 
  as for bringing in elop , i do n't think it was their best solution . 
  yes , he managed to pull nokia 's head out of the sand . 
  however , elop 's solutions were to adopt only windows phone as their platform ( rather than both windows phone and android , and maybe adopt firefoxos later on ) and ditching maemo/meego ( rather than retaining it ) . 
  he was like a trojan horse . 
  we also usually add some baked beans and a potato to ours . 
  i did n't include it in the original liink because i prefer my irish breakfast without . 
  [ here 's a full irish breakfast with baked beans and a potato ] ( http://www.mrbreakfast.com/images/2300_alt2.jpg ) . 
  an ideal nokia would be making phones for android , windows phone and maemo ( tizen , since it 's been merged with bada ) , as well as feature phones . 
  i agree that symbian 's time has came and went . 
  i 'm sure they 're just different variatings , but i do n't know what 's in a full scottish/english/welsh breakfast . 
  i know they 'd have eggs , bread and sausages , but what else ? 
   maemo kicked ass on n800/n900 and i prefer wp on the l520 maemo was said to be a very good os . 
  but the n900 was the only maemo phone nokia made before they merged it with limo , then only made one phone ( the n9 ) for meego . 
  the os was later killed with prejudice . 
  windows phone was a breakthrough for nokia , but not enough for them to be able to survive without being bought by microsoft . 
  if nokia made phones for android as well as windows phone and maemo , then there 's a chance they 'd still be the largest mobile phone company in the world . 
  let 's not forget that android was the reason why symbian ( nokia 's previous os ) was phased out of the market . 
  you are right though , that nokia discarding every operating system other than windows phone also contributed to their downfall . 
  if they kept maemo and made more phones for it , they 'd still have a shot . 
  but android and ios account for at least 85 % of the smartphone market ; and the rest is eaten up by windows phone , blackberry , firefox os , tizen and sailfish os - and i 've never seen or heard of anyone with a phone running either of the last three oses . 
  maemo would 've been a good operating system , but not enough to challenge android and ios . 
  it would be more like windows phone . 
  i think nokia would n't be having any of these problems if they just made android phones like samsung , sony , htc and all the other handset manufacturers ( sans apple and blackberry ) did . 
  apple may have played a part , but it was android that mostly caused nokia to have to be bought by microsoft . 
  simply because nokia choice not to make an android phone until they were close to being bought by microsoft ( and those phones did not have google play access at all ) . 
  it 's a shame ; an android handset made my nokia would 've been awesome . 
  right then . 
  confirmed . 
  mayo is definitely qualified . 
  now that i think about it , was n't there a case where people claimed to have seen signs of the virgin mary in mayo years ago ? 
  we should probably wait a few more years first . 
  granted , i think legal abortion on demand is overdue , but there 's a lot of people , even non-religious people , who would vote no in such a referendum . 
  but you never know . 
  i used to be pro-life a couple of years ago . 
  later , i was indifferent to whether it was legal on demand or not ( but i 've always supported it if the mother 's life or health is at risk ) ; now i 'm fully pro-choice . 
  been that way for nearly a year now . 
   ireland is absolutely sick to the back teeth of the catholic church 's shit and we want them to know it . 
  that is one thing we can be certain about . 
  i am almost certain it would past . 
  hopefully , would case scenario , it would pass with 50.28 % in favour . 
  i doubt it would pass with support in the 70 's . 
  instead , i think it would pass in the mid to low 60 's . 
  either way , we have seven months until the referendum . 
  we 'd better start campaigning . 
  i 've always known these counties to be conservative somewhat . 
  guess they 're more conservatie than i thought . 
  i was in mayo once . 
  never witnessed any of it - oh wait - croagh patrick . 
  makes sense now !, 
  then again , i was only in westport and nowhere else when i was in mayo . 
  sounds like you 've truly experienced ireland for what she is , 
  that explains why it 's mostly dinner time when my family has it . 
  [ full irish breakfast ] ( http://studentslife101.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/full-irish-breakfast.jpg ) though i usually have mine without the egg , puddings and tomatoes , and have more sausages , rashers and bread instead . 
  nothing like having some rashers and toast for breakfast on a quiet weekend morning . 
  the bible belt used to cover the entire country . 
  from the 60 's or 70 's it was everywhere outside the big cities ( but even then the cities were conservative compared to other parts of western europe ) . 
  now , i 'm not even sure if we have a bible belt anymore . 
  the closest we have to the bible belt is the countryside and small villages . 
  they do tend to fall behind the cities and large towns when it comes to gender equality , lgbt rights and religious freedom , but at worst , they are only a few years behind . 
  most of these villages could only be a few months behind ; some only a few weeks . 
  days even . 
  the countryside is definitely more religious . 
  but this is mostly because the clergy in the countryside tend to be laidback , unlike their hardline or indifferent counterparts in urban areas , on top of the fact that there 's little to no anonymity , so the locals are more comfortable interacting with them and are therefore more likely to respect them . 
  very rarely would you have this in urban areas . 
  ironically , the fundamentalist nutjobs tend to occur only in urban areas , where the general public either ignores them or laughs at them . 
  besides , the countryside being more conservative tends to be the case in most countries , so you 'd be very hard pressed to find a bible belt in ireland . 
  edit : apparently , mayo , leitrim and donegal qualify as the bible belt . 
  admittedly , i 've always known they were conservative by irish standards . 
  looks like the irish standards are higher than i thought . 
  dude , we 're only pretending .
