  lovely beaches . 
  if not spain , then either portugal or malta . 
  as you can guess from my choices , there is only so much irish weather i am willing to tolerate . 
  that would have been the most controversial song to win the eurovision . 
  i wish germany sent that and won . 
  no harm in thinking big . 
  they probably would . 
  they 'd get to squick audiences from more conservative countries out with their over-the-top performances . 
  it does n't even have to be great . 
  just a rock , metal or punk band that is real rock , metal or punk would be nice for a change and bring more genre diversity to the mix . 
  i do n't like that pop music overshadows other genres over here . 
  as long as you-know-who does n't compete , i would n't be 100 % against the idea . 
  in fairness , we did n't make it to the finals for the past three years running . 
  i 'd love to see that . 
  it was . 
  this new system is far more exciting as well . 
  a minute until the final result i was convinced australia would win . 
  well done to ukraine . 
  you guys should 've sent till lindemann . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  want to know gay people want to marry their lovers ? 
  if a partner ends up in the hospital , the other partner could be refused entry and not be allowed to visit their partner in the hospital . 
  what about cases where one partner dies and their family throws the other partner out of the house and takes all the money ? 
  what about cases where partner who has children who 's other parent is dead and that partner does but despite the other partner being well capable of raising the children the children get taken away ? 
  so what if there is no legal basis for gay marriage . 
  it has no negative effect on you or society . 
  if you hunk there is , maybe you should tell me each and every negative effect you can think of . 
  wow . 
  this should be more common outside of finland . 
   how are they conservative again ? 
  maybe because they are conservative regarding immigration , globalisation , the economy or other issues ? 
  there are conservative reasons to support gay marriage as well ; gay people entering committed relationships with their lovers rather than living the stereotypical lifestyles , for example . 
   who brought it into those countries ? 
  it would n't have passed without they conservative mps voting in favour of the reforms . 
   and thankfully they are against such stupid legislation . 
  nope . 
  most of them support gay marriage . 
  they are conservative because of their views on the economy , healthcare , immigration , the eu , the justice system or other issues . 
  as i 've said , there are conservative reasons for supporting gay marriage . 
   i do n't doubt it , liberals are confused folk . 
  how does supporting gay marriage make someone delusional ? 
  liberals invented gay marriage . 
  conservatives just point out that fact . 
  maybe they did , maybe they did n't . 
  who cares ? 
  but a lot of conservatives support gay marriage . 
  if you do n't believe me , come back to me with evidence to prove me wrong . 
  two conservative parties in ireland campaigned for a yes vote last year . 
  finland , the uk and new zealand had conservatives governments when gay marriage was brought into those countries . 
  a lot of gay people identify as conservative . 
  and there are a lot of liberals who oppose gay marriage , some who believe that gay sex should be illegal . 
  the only thing is that liberals are more likely to support gay marriage than conservatives . 
  obviously a sober man should be punished for being violent in public . 
  you not being a libertarian is irrelevant . 
  pretending ? 
  if surrogacy is illegal , legalising gay marriage will have no outcome on surrogacy for gay couples . 
  you 're free to block me if you want , i do n't care . 
  but this is a public forum so i can comment as much as i please . 
  i think you 're infamous for butting into other people 's lives . 
  i think it 's a bad idea to bring food into a sauna . 
  i just find it weird that there 'd be one at a restaurant . 
  maybe it 's for after the customers have eaten their meals . 
  i 'm talking about ** civl marriages ** in a town hall , not marriages in a church . 
  religious couples can marry whatever couple the want , they wo n't be forced to marry couples if gay marriage is legal . 
  a drunk man could cause injury to others if he 's a violent asshole and being drunk removes his inhibitions for being a violent asshole , but two people getting married has no affect on anyone else . 
  so there should be no laws against a gay couple marrying . 
  if a drunk man walking down the street was n't a hazard to anyone , there 'd be no law against it . 
  so colourful and peaceful . 
  i like it . 
  the lack of crowds in those images proves how finnish these streets are . 
  i think it 's cool , but you ca n't bring food into the sauna , can you ? 
  if a man uses his sperm in a surrogacy arrangement , then the offspring is his child as much as it is the mother 's . 
  if donated eggs are used , then the child is not the surrogate 's child . 
  and not all surrogacy is paid . 
  in altruistic surrogacy , the intended parents pay only for medical expenses . 
  but not everyone wants kids . 
  many people do n't want to be parents . 
  many married couples choose not to have kids . 
  given issues like overpopulation , availability of resources and space , i would n't want anyone to breed too much . 
  the only options for gay couples wanting kids are adoption ( which does n't add to the population ) , ivf ( which is expensive and heavily regulated ) or having sex with someone from the opposite sex and raising the child with them ( which is convoluted and can cause a lot of legal issues given that only one parent from the couple will have rights to the child ) . 
  if society saw gay people as leprechauns , i could n't complain . 
  then again , i 'd have people chasing after me for `` gold '' , which would n't be good . 
  well two people getting married has no negative affect on anyone else , but if two people who love each other have the option to get married , it will have a positive affect on the them . 
  elton john did have kids through surrogacy , but just because one gay person did something does n't mean every gay person wants to do the same thing . 
  i have very little in common with elton john , if anything . 
  i do n't go around believing that every straight man is like kanye west and every straight woman is like kim kardashian . 
  that would be silly . 
  and while having a child through surrogacy is controversial , is there any evidence that elton john abuses his kids ? 
  his kids will be adults soon enough , we 'll see how they will turn out . 
  and yes , elton john was too old to have kids at the time , but jeffery tambor from arrested development had his second child when he was 60 a few days before his first grandchild was born . 
  he 's a heterosexual man , by the way . 
  while also having the responsibility to make sure that nobody is getting left behind and mistreated . 
  too many people see gay people as unicorns ( or freaks or paedophiles ) , unfortunately . 
  well there is no reason why one group should get one institution and another group should get something different . 
  separate but equal is not equal . 
  how is someone claiming their partner 's children as their own buying and selling a human being ? 
  you ever of stepdads taking in their wives ' children whose biological fathers are dead , incompetent , unwilling or abusive , and stepmothers taking in their husbands ' children whose biological mothers are dead , incompetent , unwilling or abusive ? 
  do you consider that buying and selling a human being ? 
  which is why there is no valid reason why a same-sex couple can not get married . 
  this has nothing to do with surrogacy .
