  hollywood is in california , which is probably the most surrogacy-friendly jurisdiction in the world . 
  a lot of couples from around the world go to california for surrogacy . 
  i dunno about other eu countries , but i do know surrogacy is controversial in europe as a whole . 
  this is why i 'm against banning surrogacy for these reasons . 
  and why i am pro-choice . 
  if the surrogate wants to bail , by all means . 
  no one has the right to stop her . 
  more women are also having abortions , but there are still lots of children living in orphanages or living in abusive homes . 
  but as the number of unplanned pregnancies goes down and the number of abortions goes up , there will be less children to adopt . 
  i am in favour of legalising surrogacy , do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm just trying to see it form both sides of the coin . 
  but abortion should definitely be legalised on demand if surrogacy is legal . 
   uselss gobshites one of the rare occasions the tabloids get something right , lol !, 
  how does he compare to your previous pm ? 
  we could definitely do with an overhaul of the political system . 
  a new senate and a new way of having laws take effect is definitely in order here . 
  maybe a bit of direct democracy as well . 
  but when we elected kenny , our main concern was the economy . 
  recently , we 've had a huge boost , so i guess he 's done his job ~ ~ to a minor extent anyway ~ ~ . 
  this dude i know from college suggests voting for the youngest candidate in the next elections , but i think he means to vote for the most innovative . 
  my parents are on the same boat as you . 
  they do n't like any of the parties either , so they mostly vote for independents . 
  they never want fianna fail ( notice how i * deliberately * left out the fadda ? ), 
  in government again , they do n't trust sinn fein ( accidentally left out the fadda ; how do you put that in ? 
  ) , and find the other parties to be spineless or opportunistic . 
  there are lots of non-religious reasosn to be against surrogacy . 
  one reason is putting another woman through pregnancy , who wo n't be able to keep the child . 
  her body is responsible for the child of another couple for nine months . 
  another reason is because there are so many children out there in need of a loving home , and the world is overpopulated enough as it is , so opponents of surrogacy feel that couples should give a child in need a loving family . 
  as i 've said above , i support surrogacy being legal . 
  but that does n't mean every infertile or gay couple should hire a surrogate instead of adopting a child . 
  he is definitely not the best out there , but he 's certainly better than the last two pms we 've had ( * especially * the second last one ) . 
  another thing about kenny is the time he closed the embassy in the vatican . 
  that was a bold move . 
  it 's a shame he 's not always like that . 
  i just wished he 'd make ireland 's best interests more known when dealing with the eu . 
  in ireland , we 're also having a debate on surrogacy . 
  at the moment , there are no laws surrounding surrogacy , but the mother ( and her husband , if she 's married ) gets automatic rights to the child , so the intended parents have to adopt the child back . 
  most couples go to places like the us , india or thailand if they want to have kids through surrogacy , . there was a documentary about a couple who went over to india to have children , and only the father was given rights to their children , even though the mother was the genetic mother . 
  the children were also denied irish citizenship . 
  right now the government is planning to legalise altruistic surrogacy for all couples , regardless of marital status and whether they are straight or gay . 
  the children would be given to the parents if the law is passed , and the same law will give rights to unmarried/civilly-partnered couples to adopt each other 's kids . 
  commercial surrogacy would probably be banned if the law is passed , though . 
  personally , i 'm in favour of it , but if surrogacy is to be legalised , it should be regulated . 
  the best interests of the child should trump all other considerations . 
  the intended parents have to be capable of bringing up children and they should not already have kids of their own . 
  they should only make surrogacy arrangements once . 
  they must also use their own gametes unless they carry genetic disorders , are infertile or a same-sex couple , in which case they can use anonymously donated sperm or eggs . 
  the parents must also pay for maternity clothing , medical bills and everything else . 
  the surrogate mother must be an adult , must be fully aware of her rights and responsibilities , and must be willing to go through with it . 
  she should also have a right to terminate the pregnancy at any point , for whatever reason , during the first and second trimesters . 
  the laws should also apply if the parents go abroad to conceive , and the parents have to keep all of the children born through the surrogacy , regardless of the circumstances . 
  if they 're unsatisfied , it should be their responsibility to put the children up for adoption , not the surrogate 's . 
  if the contract is declared void , the surrogate gets the keep the child if she wants , but if she does not want it , the child can still be given to the intended parents ( unless the contract was voided because they were deemed unfit to be parents ) . 
  i 'm against commercial surrogacy , as well as paying for eggs and sperm , but i do not believe the practice should be banned . 
  i 'd still tolerate it though . 
  also , as a gay man , if i were to pick between surrogacy or adoption , i 'd still prefer to adopt . 
  but i 'm not planning on having kids . 
  td ; dr : i ` mm relaxed towards towards surrogacy , but believe it should be regulated so as to take the child 's best interests into primary consideration . 
  edit : spelling and grammar . 
  i do n't mean lowering the tax rates that low . 
  12.5 % is low enough imo . 
  even 15 % would be low enough . 
  but 30 % seems a bit too high . 
  putin is definitely intelligent and wise enough not to screw things up for himself . 
  but one word that can certainly describe him is unpredictable . 
  even at the start of the year , most of us had no clue he was going to annex crimea . 
  we all thought he was an ass before that , but mostly because of his poor record on gay rights . 
  we all know he 's crazy , but what we do n't know is what his next move will be . 
  will he attack the baltics like he 's done with ukraine ? 
  will he attack georgia again like he did six years ago , but take it further ? 
  we all know him for taking calculated risks , and many of those risks he 's already taken were pretty much unthinkable even weeks before they 've happened . 
  at least with isis , we all know there will be bombings and kidnappings that we can prepare for . 
  ever since 9/11 , terrorist threats are taken far more seriously than ever before . 
  the 2004 bombings in madrid and the 2005 bombings in london only amplified this . 
  isis will cause devastation , but at the worst , they would only cause a civil war in iraq and syria . 
  not saying putin would ever set of a nuke . 
  i doubt he would anyway . 
  but he does not need to set off a nuke to cause more devastation for europe compared to isis . 
  just remember , he 's the president of the ninth most populus country in the world , which has more landmass than the whole of europe , even when the european portion of russia is counted . 
  he controls most of the media , has curtailed freedom of expression and the press , dissmissed and jailed some of his opponents , and has the support of millions of body guards , politicians , celebraties , police officers and soldiers . 
  some of them are not even russian . 
  you make a point though , and isis is definitely a cause for concern right now . 
  i would n't say we 're not welcoming to eu companies . 
  we have a few of them here . 
  but we could * still * be more welcoming , and by that , we should promote ourselves to eu companies and remind them of the tax breaks they would be entitled to if they invest in here . 
  maybe a few adjustments to our corp tax might help ( trust me , i 'm just as economically ignorant as yourself ) , but i 'm definitely against increasing it or doing anything that would cause companies like google or microsoft to leave us . 
  i will be damned if we have to close down a few american-owed factories and offices just to please the ec . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with what apple is doing . 
  from my point of view , it feels like the ec wants us to share the investment the american mncs have provided us with , rather than earn some more of it themselves . 
  you make a point , but so far , the only region where isis has had a real impact on is the middle east . 
  yes , there is an increasing number of people in parts of western europe supporting isis , but most of these people merely condone isis ; and if they try anything else , they 'd most likely end up put away in jail . 
  putin has occupied ukraine 's very own sudetenland , a move which was unthinkable only a year ago ; is weilding a lot of influence in hungary , banning eu food products from entering russia ( not so much a big deal since we have other markets like china to export to ; but it is still having an impact on us ) and trying to get in the way of our dealings with ukraine . 
  let 's not forget eston kohver 's abduction earlier in the month . 
  very ominous , if i do say so myself . 
  apparently , the ec thinks we are being unfair to eu companies whilst giving us companies special treatment ? 
  okay , ireland is just pulling out of a recession that hit our economy hard ; more so than most other eu states . 
  what were one of the few sectors that continued to improve during that recession ? 
  the it sector . 
  where do most of those it companies come from ?
