  they 're useless . 
   do you think the euro will still be around 20 years ? 
  hopefully . 
  though i doubt greece will still have it . 
  canada would not have been the same had it not been for you . 
  most interesting would be the uk , because of their colonial history , the industrial revolution , their sense of humour , their contributions to music and entertainment and king henry . 
  finland , spain , italy , france , germany , romania , greece , russia , ukraine , switzerland and poland are also interesting countries . 
  all of the countries in europe are interesting in some way or another , but i 'd go with san marino . 
  and monaco . 
  two small countries surrounded by italy and france . 
  after the 22nd of may , we could be white on that map as well , 
  if that happens , hopefully voters will uphold the law . 
  we 'll be having a [ referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty-fourth_amendment_of_the_constitution_%28marriage_equality%29_bill_2015 ) on the 22nd of may . 
  so hopefully if the referendum in ireland passes , it may encourage a yes vote in slovenia if worse comes to worse . 
  if this was on the gallery in the post , i 'd be tied between this and the one in andorra as the best looking . 
  her last album was 2010 . 
  i think she 's focuses more on acting for now . 
  english : i love your dry sense of humour . 
  especially monthy python , wallace and gromit and mr bean . 
  you guys know how to make us laugh . 
  yet you also know when to be serious . 
  you took in so many irish immigrants and since the mid-20th century you 've been there for us . 
  brilliant rock music as well . 
  by the way , thanks for helping us with making father ted . 
  scotland : you are like our brothers . 
  similar language , similar tastes in music , similar percentage of gingers in the population , similar curse words , similar in a lot of things really . 
  wales : you guys are the land of song , with the likes of tom jones , duffy and bullet for my valentine . 
  ~ ~ also the land of sheep . ~ ~ anthony hopkins - who played hannibal lecter - is also from wales . 
  northern ireland : we share an ireland and without you we 'd have no game of thrones ( at least it would n't have been as good ) . 
  upvote for the toblerone . 
  i love ferrero rochers . 
  amazing chocolate . 
  [ butlers chocolates ] ( http://www.butlerschocolates.com/ ) are some of the best irish chocolate . 
  their bars come in many flavours , such as honeycomb , mint , dark , hazelnut and so on . 
  as for my favourite chocolate , it 's either terry 's , toblerone or those giant kinder maxi eggs ( you can never grow too old for them ) . 
  well it should be the responsibility of society to analyse the context of the slander before believing it . 
  and the victim has a right to prove that the slander is not true . 
  a country with absolute right to free speech can still use death threats from a murder suspect as evidence against them . 
  and if a uses death threats against b , b could just get a protection order against a. 
  and if it 's inline , b could just block a in society media . 
  exactly . 
  if someone says something racist , sexist or anti-gay should n't be legally prosecuted , but that someone can still lose their job or get thrown out of , let 's say , a restaurant for those bigoted remarks . 
  i think he means that freedom of speech would protect the threatening person from the government only , not from the lidtener 's wrath . 
  as a college student , my eating schedules are not consistent , but in general : breakfast : 8:30 brunch ( on weekends ) : 11:30 lunch : 13:00 ( 15:00 if i 've had brunch ) dinner : begins at 17:30 , 18:00 , 18:30 or 19:00 , lasting half an hour . 
  again , i go to college , and i take a bus in and out ( the journey lasts an hour ) . 
  so on a weekday i have breakfast ~ 15 minutes before i leave for the bus , dinner when i come home and lunch in the middle of the day depends on lectures or appointments . 
  i also tend to eat between meals . 
  not sure if that is healthy for me , probably not . 
  or how a woman getting pregnant affects the man who impregnated her . 
  what if he wants to raise the kid ? 
  what if he does n't have the resources to raise the kid or pay child support ? 
  yes , he wo n't have the go through labour , but that does n't mean the father of the child is not having any problems . 
  the mother can still get an abortion if it 's legal where she lives ( or in the uk if she lives in ireland and can afford the travel ) , or put the kid up for adoption once they are born , if she 's not ready or not interested in becoming a mother . 
  if the father wants to keep the child , the mother can give the child to him . 
  i honestly do n't see a big deal with a man raising a kid on his own any more than a woman raising a kid on her own . 
  sadly , a lot of people do not consider that possibility . 
  i think that 17 as the age of consent is appropriate , but close-age exceptions would help out in situations similar to what 's being discussed in the article . 
  politicians argue that because the girl is the one who gets pregnant she should be exempt if she 's under a certain age . 
  obviously , that 's a stupid reason . 
  unfortunately those politicians do n't see it this way . 
  in heaven all of the police are british . 
  stereotypically , cork , kerry and the north side of dublin have the thickest accents . 
  north dublin accents are very direct and tough , but easily intelligible . 
  cork accents are melodic and fast-paced . 
  kerry accents put a lot of emphasis on the ` sh ' and would pronounce 's 's as if they were ` sh ' . 
  obviously , those are stereotypes ; not everyone in those regions sound like that , but it 's all a bit of craic . 
  kildare accents are n't that hard to understand , because they are similar to the dublin accents ( kildare borders dublin ) . 
  we 're all familiar with the dublin accents . 
  a fella i 've worked with is polish . 
  tells me that poles love vodka and smoke a lot . 
  he 's also added that poles are more catholic than us . 
  there are dialects in ireland even we irish can not understand . 
  where was she from ? 
  kerry dialect ? 
  it 's the crown jewel of irish accents and dialects , 
  sure it tis . 
  we 're also attached to our mammies . 
  oh we will alright . 
  tea ? 
  sure , we love our alcohol , our partying and our beautiful green meadows . 
  most of us are very laid back with our `` it 'll be grand '' attitude whilst complaining non-stop about a lot of things , which i 'm usually guilty of . 
  not to mention our slang which varies across the regions , ya know what i mean , like ? 
  two daddies and a mammy . 
  it 's a shame three-parent families are not yet a thing . 
  i used to be like that . 
  but now i am agnostic ( catholic in name only ) and pro-choice . 
  most people i go to college with are either pro-choice , somewhat pro-choice or apathetic towards abortion . 
  actually , ireland is becoming less catholic now . 
  in the 1990s people became more aware of the child abuse scandals and now many people here resent the church . 
  most of us here still call ourselves catholic , but the number of catholics practicing their religion is declining and religion is becoming less important . 
  it 'll be a while before we get abortion and euthanasia in , and the catholic church is part of the reason why . 
  so they are still influential to an extent at the moment . 
  while equal marriage with full adoption rights would definitely be preferred , the legalising of civil unions would speed things up and hopefully within the next few years italy will have marriage equality . 
  many people who are on the fence on or oppose gay marriage will go to the civil union ceremonies of their gay friends , and younger gay people will feel more comfortable coming out to their families and friends , increasing support for marriage equality . 
  there were less than five years between civil partnerships and marriage equality in ireland , so you never know . 
  under the command of a company run by a homosex ceo . 
  argentina and uruguay legislated it however , and chile is thinking of doing the same . 
  well , italy can still go the route countries like argentina , uruguay and brazil went . 
  she just needs a few more years . 
  then again , the vatican is in the centre of italy , and not south america .
