   another thing is a strict upholding of rule of law . 
  they do n't kowtow to interest groups whining about it and do things when its broken such as deporting immigrants who commit crime . 
  you would n't get a rotherham there . 
  i definitely agree with this . 
  i believe if you break a law in a country , regardless of where you are from , you should face the same punishment as everyone else . 
  how did they get it to work in singapore ? 
  because this could be useful advice other countries ( especially european countries ) could consider . 
  sorry , they 're reserved for the ~ ~ mexicans ~ ~ belarusians . 
  just give it a few more years . 
  we 'll have abortion brought in then . 
  at first i was surprised reading sinn f\u00e9in supporting a repeal of the 8th amendment , then i remembered that they are left-wing . 
  still , i expected them to be against the repeal because of their history , but it 's amazing how fast things can change . 
  abortion , euthanasia and cannabis will all be legalised , the percentage of irish people who are catholic will decline , we 'll have more muslims and atheists , and obviously more roller coasters . 
  also , either the irish language will be used more often and we 'll become a bilingual country , or the language will be extinct . 
  either way , we 'll have more polish and romanian speakers than irish speakers . 
  and antonin scalia . 
  sorry for reminding you . 
  well the situation there is unpredictable . 
  as for the russians in latvia , the best bet would be to integrate the two ethnic groups to improve the situation for russian-speaking lgbts . 
  i 've never been to latvia though , you know more about the russian population than i do , and things most likely work differently in latvia compared to ireland . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  but is there a chance the russian parts of the country may get better for lgbts ? 
  yeah . 
  most catholics in ireland are cool with gay marriage , gay adoption , sex before marriage , cohabitation outside marriage , birth out of wedlock , divorce and contraception , and many do n't bother go to mass outside of baptisms , first communions , confirmations , weddings and funerals . 
  though most catholics are against abortion ( at least abortion on demand ; most would be okay with abortion to save the mother 's life or health , or if the foetus can not survive outside the womb , or in the case of rape/incest ) . 
  not to mention the mammies and daddies insisting on putting their unaffiliated kids that are still living with them down as `` catholic '' on the census . 
  very pick and choose indeed . 
  with progress there may come setbacks , most of them minor , but those setbacks would only make the gay community more determined for equality . 
  as for the foreign minister , is he still in power ? 
  we sure are . 
  i think irish people coming to spain for their holidays may have helped influenced their decision to vote yes . 
  we were in the eu ( eec at the time ) for 20 years before we decriminialised same-sex sexual activity . 
  we joined the eec in 1973 and repealed the ban on gay male sex in 1993 ( lesbian sex was always legal ) . 
  it will take some time , but now that you have the eu and superfast internet , latvia will become more accepting overtime . 
  you might get gay marriage by 2030 , who knows ? 
  also them . 
   the likely outcome will be the same as in the us : it will eventually be legalized by the constitutional court . 
  hopefully . 
  this could ramp up the pressure in germany and italy however , as well as switzerland and austria . 
  people generally did n't think the us would get marriage equality nationwide in 2015 only a few years ago . 
  even in 2013 i thought 2015 was too far-fetched . 
  so who knows ? 
  well that 's finland , slovenia , the pitcairn islands , ireland , greenland and the us so far this year . 
  i wonder which other countries will follow suit . 
  edit : added the pitcairn islands . 
  the smoking areas in nightclubs and pubs tend to be packed where i live . 
  it 's also common in college . 
  but there 's quite a lot of people who 've never smoked , and many smokers are trying to quit . 
  in fact , many of my friends who do smoke would n't recommend taking it up . 
  so while smoking is not considered cool or fashionable in ireland ( at least in the west of the country , where i live and go to college ) , it 's also not considered uncool nor unfashionable either . 
  smoked salmon and raw ham . 
  and a barrel of bulmer 's . 
  my apologies . 
  i was talking about sweden . 
  i see what ya did there . 
  sound . 
  i 'll go do it now . 
  how do you change the map ? 
  ( never used imgur before ) edit : [ here it is . 
  either a smoked salmon salad or a raw ham salad . 
  either would have lettuce , onions , tomatoes and brown bread with butter or cheddar as a spread . 
  usually taken with a guinness ir bulmer 's if had at a pub or restaurant . 
  unregistered cohabitation actually , which only gives immigration rights . 
  they had similar protests in france when they were legalising gay marriage and it was legalised anyway . 
  still frustrating and sad that this protest is happening though . 
  hundreds and thousands of busybodies trying to tell everyone what to do with their lives . 
  aside from the vatican , there 's also monaco and san marino . 
  they probably want to marry the lesbians . 
  they think that way they can watch whenever their wives cheat on them . 
  misery loves company , ya ? 
  your point was spot on . 
   from the article : the general perception is that men can not be raped . 
  ok , fair , i see how men could be raped by other men , but how can they physically be raped by women ? 
  i guess blackmail rape could still technically be rape , i.e. 
  `` you sleep with me or you 're losing your job '' , which in the end could end up just being blackmailing if the male does n't consent , but other than that i ca n't see how female to male rape could happen . 
  ever heard of dildos , tongues , teeth , hands and fingers ? 
  ever occurred to you that erections can happen even when the man is n't arroused ? 
  what if the man was intoxicated , blackmailed or physically restrained ? 
  so yeah . 
  men and boys can get raped . 
  and women can rape . 
   edit : guys , this was a valid and serious question i had , not some sort of trolling . 
  you can stop with the downvotes or i 'll delete it and leave you circlejerking about male rape . 
  i know it was a genuine question , but you realise thinking that men ca n't get raped is outdated ana ignorant . 
  not to mention sexist . 
  if euro coins were like that , it 'd be better . 
  i ca n't remember the pounds ( i was seven when we had the switch ) , but i do n't want to go back anyway . 
  the euro makes it easier to visit countries like spain or france . 
  it has also attracted businesses from the us since we 're the only english-speaking country besides malta with the euro . 
  i also feel closer to other european countries because of the euro . 
  so yeah , i 'd like ireland to keep it . 
  edit : added malta . 
  we do . 
  many pubs serve food . 
  but it 's more expensive than most restaurants , and the children 's menus are atrocious . 
  sausage and chips , chicken nuggets and chips , spaghetti and that 's pretty much it . 
  but you could ask for smaller portions of what 's on the regular menu in some pubs . 
  if you have kids , i recommend taking them only on special occasions for this reason . 
  fyi , kids are not allowed after 9pm . 
  some wo n't let them in after 7 , even .
