  yeah , referenda can be unpredictable , given the low turnout rates in the recent ones . 
  but a lot of young people i know feel strongly about gay marriage becoming legal . 
  i suppose the result would be in the high fifties to mid sixties . 
  tied for 7th place with germany and belgium . 
  not too bad . 
  but daaaaaad , obama makes me happy !, 
  he makes me feel so warm !, 
  he accepts me for who i am , and he 's shown me how to be a better man !, 
   putin says his country does not oppose ex-soviet states seeking closer ties with western countries , but has criticized them for not taking moscow 's interests into account . 
  that 's like a narcissistic parent telling his kids he does n't care what they do , but flips his shit when some of them move to another country because he expects them to take care of him in his old age , when his favourite son has no interest in taking over his business , or whenever he finds out he wo n't be getting another grandchild . 
  i would n't be jealous if i were you . 
  in ireland , referendums can only happen if the government decides to hold them . 
  we 're not a direct democracy ; if you want to change the constitution or the statutes , there 's no point in gathering an x number of signatures . 
  the best you can do is call up your local td ( mp ) and nag them until they give in and agree to try and convince the government to hold the referendum . 
  the government can still refuse to hold it , even if there 's no reason to refuse . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not jealous of the swiss . 
  yeah , they have direct democracy , but all it takes is 100k signatures collected over 18 months and they could repeatedly force refendums on restricting abortion or immigration rights , no matter now many times voters reject them . 
  i 'd say a referendum should require signatures from at least 15 % of the population ( and not just registered voters ) , which , in ireland 's case , would be around 690,000 . 
  we probably would 've had a gay marriage referendum earlier if we had a system like that . 
  i hear that brian s brown ( leader of the national organisation for marriage ) was involved in russian affairs recently . 
  let 's not forget scott lively making lives hell for lgbt africans . 
  they wo n't succeed in ireland . 
  hopefully , anyway . 
  one time when visiting limerick there was this evangelical fella moaning about abortions and gay people . 
  everyone was ignoring him and some crossed the street to walk past him on the other side of the road . 
  everyone i 've talked to has a negative opinion about these people . 
  actually , they do . 
  they 're only available for same-sex couples . 
  they 're doing that in some countries that have legalised same-sex marriage as well . 
  but in that case , couples in civil partnerships are allowed to remain in civil partnerships if they want , but no more civil partnerships can be accepted . 
  they wo n't be as delicious as the tears from extremists coming from other countries that are trying to influence the vote . 
   we 'll probably be in the international media ( and top of / r/worldnews ) for a day or two as the world swoons over how progressive ireland can be despite being composed solely of catholic farmers , priests , and colcannon . 
  i imagine a lot of people who still think ireland is a conversative backwater , or who wished ireland would go back to those times prior to the '90s , would be shocked . 
  that would be an understatement . 
  i can only imagine the tears of the iona institute in this case . 
  i hope they abolish the civil partnerships and give civilly partnered couples a year to convert their unions to marriage , or else have it converted automatically , a year after same-sex marriage takes effect . 
  this has happened in several us states . 
  if they keep civil partnerships , then they definitely should extend them to opposite-sex couples . 
  but couples who do n't want to get married do get social security benefits and more after living together for five years , so i do n't feel the need for keeping civil partnerships . 
  if we do nothing to them , we 'll end up in the same situation as the uk . 
  i wonder how other countries would react if the referendum is passed ? 
  that is cool !, 
  the government has a habit of having laws take effect ages after they are passed though . 
  civil partnerships did not come into effect until 1 january 2011 , and they were signed by the president on 19 july 2010 . 
  then again , they did have to establish the civil partnership schem , whereas after the referendum they 'd probably just be extending marriage to same-sex couples . 
  either way , i ca n't wait to be living in a dark blue country . 
  ireland will be the first country in the world to legalise it by referendum if it passes . 
   the implementing legislation is being prepared in advance so that there will be minimal delay between the referendum and the actual availability of same-sex marriages . 
  i hope this is the case !, 
  divorce did not become legal until a year and a half after the 1995 referendum was held . 
  if the referendum passes , would be have marriage equality by 2016 ? 
  we should probably do something . 
  i assumed she 'd have a lot of respect within iceland because she helped the economy . 
  she bailed out the people instead of the bankers ( or was that the previous government ? ) . 
  though i do suppose that would 've been in the cards anyway . 
  i know gay marriage and advancements in women 's rights were long overdue by icelandic standards , but would they 've been brought in as earlier as they were had it not been for j\u00f3hanna sigur\u00f0ard\u00f3ttir ? 
  probably . 
  but she did bring them in . 
  by country brought in civil unions a year later and is still in the process of putting up a referendum on legalising gay marriage . 
  let 's not forget how bad our prostitution and abortion laws are . 
   i also think your idea to `` allow it but not in a commercial way '' is impossible . 
  i ca n't see how a woman can go through pregnancy `` for nothing '' given all the medical and psychological risks . 
  the reason i 'm somewhat apprehensive against commercial surrogacy is the fact that it feels like the couple is buying the child from the mother . 
  but you could be right . 
  a part of me is against commercial surrogacy but tolerates it , another part tells me that the surrogate is entitled to compensation for the pregnancy . 
  i 'm still undecided about this , but i definitely feel altruistic surrogacy should be legalised . 
   what most people ignore is that the child begins to bond with the mother early during pregnancy . 
  the smell , the voices , the touch make the baby aware of its environment during pregnancy and develop a sense of `` home '' with the mother and the father . 
  at birth , taking the child away from the mother equals creating a real trauma for the child . 
  a trauma that will leave deep-rooted invisible marks that can result indirectly in various kinds of problem . 
  my problem with this argument is that hardly anyone can remember the first couple of years of their lives . 
  i have no clue what i did before i was 2 , except from photographs , video tapes and stories from my parents and relatives . 
  in fact , many children adopted when they were babies do n't realise they were adopted until their parents sit them down and tell them . 
  it may be bad for the child when it is born , but eventually it will forget what happened until their commissioned parents inform them . 
  yes , they may be shocked when they find out , but they will eventually warm up and realise that they people who raised them are still their parents . 
  unless of course the parents turned out to be narcissists or abusive in any way , in which case , the child would be justified in being angry or saddened . 
  also , the baby does not register any bond with the mother or father until it is placed in the mother 's / father 's arms . 
  also , if the intended parents are genetically related but not the surrogate , the baby would probably feel more connection to the intended parents than to the surrogate . 
  you know how kids feel towards their fathers compared to other men in their lives ? 
  i can see where you 're coming from , though . 
  one reason besides the fact that there are already 7 billion people on this planet ~ ~ and that hay fever runs in the family ~ ~ why i 'd prefer to adopt ( assuming i 'd want kids ) than hire a surrogate is this : what would happen if the mother developed a bond for the child ? 
  i could never take the child away from her . 
  i 'd probably end up splitting custody , which would 've made the whole arrangements pointless . 
  [ this is one case of surrogacy that has happened in the us in the 1980 's . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baby_m ) now , this was only one case , so it should in any way change your opinion . 
  the baby gammy case is definitely one argument against surrogacy , or at least surrogacy arrangements made overseas . 
  this is just to lay all the cards on the table . 
  true . 
  just because other european nations ban it , does n't mean france should . 
   i know ireland is very much pro-life , i am not arguing against you . 
  we may be pro-life now , but give it a decade or so , and our laws would be in line that those of other european countries . 
  most people in my age-group are pro-choice . 
   it 's the french we 're talking about . 
  they 've legalized abortion , but they 're not legalizing surrogacy ? 
  that 's what i think is hypocrite . 
  this is the case with europe in general , i 'm afraid . 
  the only countries in europe were commercial surrogacy is confirmed to be legal are ukraine and russia . 
  denmark , netherlands and the uk allow only altruistic surrogacy . 
  most other european countries ban it outright ( like france , switzerland , germany , italy and iceland ) , or just do n't regulate it ( like ireland and finland ) . 
  ireland the uk are definitely more open , but we are english-speaking countries , so we consume a lot of hollywood content .
