  it explains why labrador retrievers are generally friendly and easy going ( they originated from canada ) . 
  that is very interesting . 
  why after 2am ? 
  sometimes when i get on , the bus driver asks me how i 'm doing as i buy the ticket . 
  not in ireland . 
  trust me , i agree with you on this . 
  if someone thinks it 's wrong for gay people to get married or raise kids , then they are homophobic . 
  i was very angry with these people who changed their minds solely because of how aggressive some yes campaigners were . 
  in fact , i was angrier with them than the no voters . 
  i found those yes-turned-no voters very condescending ( and weak-minded ) . 
  unfortunately , people do n't respond well to being talked down to . 
  usually it 's tough luck ; brutal honesty is necessary . 
  but someone has about to vote on your rights and freedoms , you have to approach this with tact and see things from their point of view before giving them yours . 
  many yes campaigners in ireland 's referendum took this approach , and scored many votes in their favour . 
  there were people on the yes side who called undecided and no voters homophobic , and some of them were even outright verbally aggressive . 
  the referendum still passed , but there were a good bit of people coming on the radio who decided they were voting no instead of voting yes . 
  he 's just not as anti-gay as benedict , which clearly does n't say much . 
  it was actually this [ gobsheen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pietro_parolin ) who said that . 
  but it does represent the pope 's views on gay marriage . 
  i too voted yes . 
  while slovenia may have rejected the gay marriage referendum by a margin slightly greater than the margin ireland approved gay marriage , slovenia did try to legalise it . 
  and while it is not the most progressive country in central europe on gay rights , there are civil unions . 
  very weak civil unions , but they exist . 
  how many countries recognise same-sex unions at all ? 
  edit : and i 'm not just talking about countries with same-sex marriage and civil unions ; i 'm also talking about countries with unregistered cohabitation and countries that recognise same-sex unions performed abroad or within some jurisdictions of that country . 
  civil unions only give a limited number of rights , and couples in those unions can not adopt a child simultaneously . 
  regarding the tears and stress part , i meant that in the next referendum on gay marriage it 's going to be tougher and supporters will have to work harder . 
  by the way , i 'm disappointed by the results . 
  hamas only has control over gaza . 
  and you do n't have to support hamas to recognise palestine . 
  actually , you can get older voters to change their stance . 
  here in ireland we had this `` ring your granny '' campaign where young people rang their grandparents and called to their houses to talk about the referendum before it was held in may . 
  there was a lot of dialogue between yes voters and the undecided . 
  while younger people still returned more yes votes , polls showed support from all generations . 
  and ireland only decriminalised gay sex in 1993 . 
  if more gay slovenians come out to parents and grandparents , more hearts will be changed over time and chances of a referendum passing next time will increase . 
  yes , many parents and grandparents will remain stubborn in views , and some will even disown their gay children and grandchildren , but most of them will support their kids or reflect on what they 've been taught all these years then come around to support their gay sons and daughters . 
  it might fail the next time , but it 's unlikely it would fail after that . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see what the future holds . 
  especially for gay people coming out to family and friends who voted no over the holidays . 
  this is very sad news . 
  maybe in a few years gay marriage will come to slovenia , but this is still a sad day for gay people in slovenia and neighbouring countries . 
  and the road to gay marriage will be harder and more fraught with tears and stress . 
  as long as we continue to recognise israel as well and not support hamas we 'll be grand . 
  it should definitely be banned if the person in question is a minor . 
  i hope this passes . 
  i do n't get why no country in europe has banned this horrific practice on vulnerable people yet . 
  good for greece . 
  now for ireland to officially do the same and not just pass resolutions in favour . 
  hopefully not a lot of people . 
  you make a point . 
  but while certain things can be explained by upbringing , they can not be excused by it if it causes serious harm to others . 
  the church did n't kick those rapists out . 
  some cases they even protected them . 
  as i said , we do n't need the church to be disciplined . 
  in fact , we 're more disciplined without them . 
  in the past , women who spike up were branded `` witches '' and burnt at the stake on the orders of priests and bishops . 
  in the 20th century they were shut in prisons run by religious orders such as the magdalene asylums in ireland up until the 1990s . 
  teah , and what about women rapes by other women ? 
  these femninazis do n't consider gay men to be `` real '' men . 
  the bible also says that women should n't speak in public , that you should n't wear clothes made from more than one material and that slavery is okay . 
  we do n't need religion anymore to keep people disciplined . 
  that 's why we have laws and why all kids have to go to school . 
  if the church is so disciplined they would n't be defending paedophiles just because they are priests . 
  i grew up catholic , and i was dragged to mass every sunday until i was 18 , and i also attended a catholic primary and secondary school . 
  i know enough about the church to decide that i do n't want anything to have to do with them . 
  ven if i was irreligious my whole life i 'd still be shaking my head every time the pope says something outdated and i make no apology for this . 
   `` men have weaknesses and when they see someone smiling it is difficult to control , '' mr. kelifa said most men do n't have those weaknesses , kelifa . 
  those that `` do '' are just assholes looking for excuses . 
  and culture is no excuse either . 
  i ca n't believe the audience found that funny . 
  just goes to show how messed up society is . 
  this makes my blood boil . 
  in what way does providing support for male rape victims affect female rape victims ?!, 
  all victims of rape or abuse should be entitled to support , regardless of their gender !, 
  and regardless of statistics . 
  and anyone who thinks that `` men ca n't get raped '' , it obviously never occurred to them that men can get passed out , intoxicated , restrained , blackmailed or held at gunpoint . 
  some men are also not as physically strong as the average human . 
  and no , a man is n't always willing . 
  they could be busy doing something else or have no interest in the person wanting to have sex with them . 
  how hard is it for society to understand this ? 
  i did n't officially leave , i just stopped calling myself catholic and stopped going to mass . 
  this was n't the only reason why i left the church . 
  if it was , i probably would 've become protestant . 
  now i 'm agnostic . 
  that was beautiful . 
  i left the ** catholic ** church . 
  shit like this is one reason why i 've left the church . 
  parents who want to adopt , regardless of sexuality , have to prove they 'd be good parents and are absolutely certain they want to have kids . 
  otherwise they 'd get turned away . 
  having biological kids is just a matter of two fertile people of different sexes having sex without a condom . 
  that 's why adoptive parents generally make better parents . 
  i was surprised they did n't include adoption rights when they legalised gay marriage back in 2010 , but now it 's finally happening . 
  well done portugal !, 
  how about parents teach their kids not to bully ? 
  not as gay as the fabulous republic of ireland , 
  freedom from censorship . 
  equality regardless of gender , sexuality , skin colour and other factors . 
  transparent democracy . 
  was raised catholic , but i no longer am .
