  that 's right ... the us !, 
  maybe we should be more welcoming to eu companies wanting to set up businesses here . 
  i 'm completely in favour of that . 
  i certainly would like to see more eu companies set up offices and factories here and there . 
  but losing american factories and offices ? 
  no thinks . 
  we 've already lost a dell factory . 
  it seems like the ec is jealous that we have all those american factories and offices in our country which they have very little of . 
  understandable . 
  but instead of blaming ireland , luxembourg and the netherlands for this , maybe other eu countries should start making their countries friendlier to us companies imho . 
  this is definitely something countries like spain or greece should be considering . 
   ireland : red hair , alcoholics , the color green , u2 . 
  let 's not forgot the leprechauns . 
   and then gave me a scary look . 
  she is irish ah yes , the irish mammy . 
  you do n't want to mess with them . 
  but if you do , and get away with it , you automatically get bragging rights . 
  use them cautiously though . 
  veeeeeery cautiously . 
  it 'll be recognised in every other country recognising gay marriage . 
  well congratulations in advance . 
  if you have n't decided a location yet , here 's a list for [ dublin ] ( http://onefabday.com/ie/secret-dublin-city-centre-wedding-venues/ ) . 
  this would be just some of the options this city has to offer . 
  that was fast . 
  well , who could resist [ this ] ( https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-631825221c2ee7538d7231d1fdcebd77?convert_to_webp=true ) ? 
  fair play michael d !, 
  all we need now is to implement the law and we 'll have same-sex weddings from early 2016 . 
  i , meanwhile , need to find meself a laddie . 
  ireland and brittany both have celtic cultures , which could explain our love for alcohol . 
  you guys are generally better at holding your vodka though . 
  or alcohol in general . 
  our tolerance is n't as strong . 
  similar with abortion over here . 
  young people in ireland are increasingly pro-choice and abortion is n't as controversial in urban areas . 
  it 's very restricted over here though . 
  but women who get abortions rarely get physically attacked , so it might not be as bad . 
  okay , that 's not true at well . 
  we are better at recycling our beer bottles . 
  if i 'm in czech republic i will be checking out other large cities . 
  prague is still on my mind , but i 'll definitely give other cities a look . 
  in ireland , the more eastern european you sound , the more likely we 'd mistake you for being polish . 
  we generally can distinguish french , italian , spanish , german , british and polish accents . 
  the rest would sound british , french or polish to us . 
  thanks . 
  i 'd love to visit the czech republic , especially prague . 
   my only complaint was people mistaking me for french when speaking czech . 
  ^ ^ really ? 
  i thought they would 've mistaken you for polish . 
   popular czech stereotype depicts middle-aged , beer-bellied grumblers , chugging beer and coming up with solutions to age-long issues like high prices , unemployment and shitty polititians . 
  very similar stereotypes over here in ireland . 
  in fact , some people living in urban areas over here actually see this as a common feature of rural villages ( and it can be true in some villages and small towns to an extent ) . 
  underage drinking is also common in ireland , especially among 16 and 17 year olds . 
  you have to be over 18 to stay in a pub after 21:00 or earlier , set foot in a nightclub or by alcohol , but if you have fake id or look like you 're over 21 you 've got a loophole on your hands . 
  some teenagers also know people who 'd buy alcohol for them , and some raid their parents ' wine/beer coolers . 
  ye all drink a lot of tea , but not as much as we do , 
  cool . 
  ireland and czech republic can be drinking buddies !, 
   also , the irish drinking problem stereotype always involves spending long hours at a pub each day , drinking nothing but guinness , bulmers or wine . 
  what stereotypes do you guys get regarding alcohol ? 
  the fact that weed is tolerated does remove the exotic nature of smoking it . 
  i bet when ireland legalises weed less people will care about it . 
  everyone at my college was talking about pot when it was legalised in washington and colorado . 
  no confirmations about the stereotypes of smoking weed ? 
  i figured it was mostly a touristy thing . 
  we do have a drinking problem . 
  and with a rising popularity of nightclubs and drinking shots , it 's not getting any better . 
  know . 
  he mentioned jedward . 
  he was only messing , i think . 
  * ( panicking ) * w-who are they ?!, 
  i do n't know what you are talking about !, 
  * ( smiles feebly ) *, 
  * ireland - lived there all my life . 
  * spain - twice in majorca , once in lanzarote , once in catalonia and three times in m\u00e1laga ; each for a holiday . 
  in fact , i was in m\u00e1laga a few weeks ago . 
  i was also in catalonia on the way to and from france . 
  * portugal - once in algarve for a holiday . 
  * france - once in languedoc-roussillon for a holiday . 
  * uk - passing through heathrow airport on the way to and from south africa . 
  never left the airport while i was in london . 
  i 'd love to visit netherlands , finland , switzerland , germany , the uk ( especially scotland ) , poland , denmark , norway , italy , malta , czech republic , iceland , other parts of france , spain and portugal , croatia , turkey , sweden and austria . 
  regional stereotypes in ireland are usually based on which county we 're from . 
  dublin : south of the river liffey , pretentious , stuck up rich/middle class people who think they 're better than everyone else in the country . 
  north of the liffey , people who were tracksuits and speak with thick accents , using a lot of slang . 
  kerry : lots of jokes about kerry people being stupid . 
  limerick : stab city . 
  the rest of the county is n't portrayed much better . 
  mayo : bible belt . 
  i should 've been more specific . 
  i also forgot about an order on banning discrimination on sexuality and gender identity years ago . 
  it 's still not implemented , so i stand by my point , but you 're right . 
  i intended to mean ** all ** sorts of discrimination , not just employment discrimination . 
  and to include gender identity and intersex status , which some eu countries do n't . 
  thanks for the link . 
  ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation , gender identity/expression and intersex status . 
  edit : most countries in the eu only cover sexual orientation . 
  and some only ban the discrimination in employment . 
  no protections against discrimination in goods and services , housing or healthcare . 
  i should 've clarified this . 
  more like a hybrid regime , but yeah , the harsh , strict laws are there .
