  male sex : it 's amazing !, 
  it 's like you get to marry your best friend ~ ~ ( where applicable ) , though obviously a straight person can marry their best friend too ~ ~ . 
  no pregnancy scares either . 
  though i 'd still recommend condoms in many cases . 
  i do n't need to tell ye why . 
  female sex : does n't turn me on , but it turns people attracted to women on . 
  i think it 's a good thing . 
  more dudes for me . 
  this is good news . 
  but the crazies are still determined to stop this . 
  if those communities did n't support those pastors ' actions , then they would n't be part of those churches . 
  now i know that a lot of catholics do n't agree with the church on a lot of things , but the catholic church is a large organisation of over a billion people . 
  it 's possible for priests to be more or less progressive or backward than others . 
  some of them may not agree with the vatican either . 
  those `` christian '' churches we 're complaining about , each of them are small enough for one pastor to have all of the influence . 
  it 's harder to stay if you disagree with their positions ( unless you live with your parents who are forcing you to stay ) . 
  the roman catholic church are not completely innocent ; they have done quite a lot of damage . 
  but even among catholic priests there 's controversy about the scandals , abuse and so on . 
  ~ ~ plus , here in ireland they accept evolution and the big bang theory as fact . ~ ~ though i 'm still angry about the scandals , the abuse and the interference in politics , which is why i 've left the church . 
  i 'm irreligious now , in case anyone 's wondering . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the southeast ( in general - i know that the likes of atlanta , miami , new orleans and austin are very progressive ) is holding ye back . 
  we tend to look up to boston , philly , dc , nyc , chicago , seattle , san fran , la and many other cities for american influence . 
  just not mississippi . 
  would not surprise me at all if either side was being funded by american organisations and businesspeople . 
  but especially the no side . 
  we 've been shedding our religiosity in recent years , and evangelists in the us are not happy about it . 
  what about civil marriages ? 
  they 're not christian . 
  they do n't affect churches at all . 
  you also seem to forget that marriage has existed before christianity . 
  it has existed before judaism as well . 
  and tradition is not a reason to oppose same-sex marriage . 
  but some of these no voters do n't see their views as homophobic . 
  some hard yes voters as well do n't see voting no as homophobic . 
  you 're right and all , but we have to be persuasive and present ourselves to be more open and understanding then the likes of the iona institute . 
  if it passes , we 'll be the first country in the world to approve same-sex marriage . 
  it would encourage more countries to pass it . 
  it 's still not legal in germany , austria , andorra , switzerland , italy , malta , monaco , san marino , liechtenstein , northern ireland , gibraltar , jersey , guernsey , the isle of man and the faroe islands . 
  also the vatican as well , but they will never legalise same-sex marriage ( though it does n't have a civil ceremony , so that wo n't ever be an issue ) . 
  it honestly is . 
  neither side can debate properly , so the no side uses scare tactics and the yes side uses shame tactics . 
  instead , the yes side should be persuasive and encourage people to do research on the issue and ask questions , while the no side should leave children and religion out of the debate . 
  give us fermanagh at least . 
  so dunegal would border other ulster counties in the republic . 
  ~ ~ dunegal is kinda isolated from the rest of the country without fermanagh . ~ ~, 
  right now , it 's same-sex marriage . 
  we 're having a referendum on the 22nd , which is next week . 
  needless to say , both sides have gone batshit crazy over this . 
  the no side are using scare-mongering tactics about how children will be taken away from their mothers by gay couples because of surrogacy , even though the surrogate mother is legally recognised as the legal mother of the child , and this will continue to be the case after the referendum is passed . 
  the no side seems to be neglecting lesbian parents , who are already using ivf to conceive , and while they do emphasis a mother 's love , they rarely bring up a father 's love . 
  their campaign also has unfortunate implications about children with single parents , children who are adopted and children who are raised by uncles , aunts , grandparents or foster parent . 
  [ same-sex couples will be able to adopt soon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/children_and_family_relationships_act_2015 ) , whether or not the referendum passes , but the no side has never mentioned this . 
  the bill also has n't been given enough media attention . 
  the no side is also claiming that the sanctity of marriage would be destroyed if the referendum is passed , never mind that there is nothing to stop any couple from going to las vegas and getting married for 55 hours and then getting divorced . 
  they also claim that religious freedom would be impaired , but the referendum only deals with civil marriages . 
  religious marriages will not be affected in any way by the outcome of the referendum . 
  however , the yes side are no better . 
  they mention that there are still plenty of differences between marriage and civil partnerships , but they always forget to mention the practical differences , like how it 's not clear that a civil partner can inherit the other partner 's property without a will . 
  obviously , constitutional protections , setting a precedent for equality worldwide , reminding young lgbti people that they are as equal as their straight , cisgendered peers and attracting more businesses to the country are significant benefits . 
  but many people would be more likely to vote if they are aware of the practical problems with civil partnerships . 
  the yes side often does n't bother mention that same-sex adoption is legal now and that surrogacy contracts are unenforceable . 
  many of the debaters from the yes side are terrible at debating . 
  understandable , because many of them are gay or know gay people whom they care about , but when you 're having a debate , you have to leave your emotions at the door . 
  worse is that some of the yes supporters are extreme in their views . 
  i agree with what they want to achieve , but i do n't like ** how ** they want to achieve it . 
  if they find out that you are even undecided or unable to vote , they 'd call you homophobic . 
  which will swing some undecided voters to the no side . 
  as a consequence , some yes voters are going to vote no or not turn up on the day , thinking it would shut the social justice warriors up . 
  which is counterproductive , because that would only make the extremists more obnoxious if the referendum does n't pass . 
  not to mention how badly this would devastate gay people and their close friends and families if the referendum fails . 
  thankfully , the yes campaigners have been changing their tactics recently , but time will tell if they 'd left it too late . 
  for the record , i am a gay man , and i 'm voting yes , but i 'm not happy with the yes campaign . 
  so both sides are pretty much shoving their ideas down our throats . 
  it 's rotten , but i expected this . 
  but i did not anticipate how annoying and stressful it would be . 
  [ polls indicate support for a yes vote in the high 70s ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_the_republic_of_ireland#polling ) , but i expect the referendum will pass in the high 50s at best . 
  that 's if it passes . 
  the biggest threat to the referendum not passing is complacency among yes voters . 
  most young people support the referendum , but they tend not to participate in elections . 
  though about 40k young people have registered to vote , and about most of them will vote yes . 
  i do know that if the referendum fails to pass , we will have another one again in a couple of years and then it will pass . 
  we 've went through it with the divorce referendum and the lisbon treaty referendum . 
  but i hope it will pass , because i 'd like the whole debate to be put to rest , i 'd love for my country to help spark a whole new renaissance in gay rights - especially with gay marriage in western europe , and maybe eastern europe as well - and , of course , it would be phenomenal to be reminded that the majority of society is on our side . 
  edit : we 're also dealing with preserving the irish language , abortion , cannabis , immigration , the economic recovery , housing , social welfare , travelers , healthcare , religion in schools , protests by bus \u00c9ireann and dublin bus workers and our status as a neutral nation . 
  some of these issues are more pressing than others . 
  yeah , but opponents of the law are going to court asking for approval for a referendum . 
  the court can allow the referendum to go ahead . 
  hopefully , they wo n't . 
  they probably wo n't . 
  but they still can . 
  well , since half your government is gay , it 's proof that there 's full freedom of expression in luxembourg . 
  so the score should be way higher than 43 % . 
  i guess so . 
  then again , luxembourg has more people than malta . 
  i 'd be surprised if they 've never had a parade before . 
  exactly . 
  it just does n't sound right . 
  luxembourg , andorra and switzerland should be scored higher . 
  i was also shocked by monaco 's extremely low score .
