  trump is crazy ; he wants to deport all the mexicans and build a wall along the border and somehow expect mexico to pay for all of that ? 
  he also owns some land off the west coast of ireland . 
  [ true story . 
  ] ( http://www.irishmirror.ie/news/irish-news/environmentalists-hail-victory-donald-trump-5296635 ) if he becomes president , it 's going to be a lot harder to keep him from causing trouble over here . 
  i 'm not comfortable with him as president either , with his anti-science and pro-life positions . 
  aside from the republican and democratic candidates , what about the candidates from the other parties ? 
  surely they have something to offer . 
  best metaphor i 've read on the thread . 
  i believe in freedom of speech . 
  but i also believe that bahar mustafa is a pathetic , horrible , miserable excuse for a human being , undeserving of any sympathy , respect or compassion . 
  i 've also noticed that her lawyer is a man . 
  so i guess the hypocrite is okay with men as long she can use them as tools . 
  england does have a law on incitement to hatred , so she was still breaking the law . 
  not that i believe they should through her jail for this , but the police and courts should stop selectively enforcing laws . 
  the courts are pretty much the most likely path for the north . 
  it 's a shame though ; ni had civil partnerships 5 years before the south . 
  parents of those rabid fans probably believe in this `` free range '' parenting method . 
  but many of those parents are psychopaths . 
  the apple does n't fall too far from the tree . 
  sadly , some of those rabid fans have good parents who 've tried everything they could , and failed . 
  life can be cruel . 
  if i had a kid sending death threats online , not only would i restrict internet access , sell their smartphone and replace it with an old nokia phone with no internet access and take away all of their stuff related to the fanbase that enables their behaviour , i 'd also take them to a therapist . 
  we 're sorry too . 
  we gave the word jedward . 
  it was mostly him moping about him not having had enough sleep and not being able to control his fans . 
  which are problems many musicians face . 
  his lack of professionalism would be his own demise at some point in the future . 
  not that i 'm complaining . 
  that 's the stuff !, 
  wo n't be too long now before our first same-sex weddings take place . 
  the law only allows abortion if the mother 's life is at risk , even from suicide . 
  as long as her life is not in danger , she ca n't get abortion . 
  the recent law that passed in 2013 only codified into the statute what is already allowed by the constitution . 
  with baby steps , we 'd be able to gradually get to a point where abortion is legal on demand . 
  maybe legalising it for health and rape , then in the case of foetal deformities and then erasing the 8th amendment completely from the constitution . 
  alternatively , we could just bring in a new constitution that does not say anything about abortion , but we need a referendum to either amend the constitution or replace it with a new one , and most people here prefer to reform the constitution . 
  yeah , our abortion laws are an embarrassment . 
  my parents are anti-abortion . 
  so are a lot of people . 
  but most people i 've met in college who spoke about abortion are pro-choice . 
  i used to be very pro-life , then after a year in college i became indifferent to abortion , and halfway through second year i now support legalising it fully . 
  most irish people oppose legalising abortion on demand , but a majority are in favour of it to protect the mother 's life or health , or if the pregnancy was caused by rape or incest [ ( source ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_the_republic_of_ireland#public_opinion ) if we had a referendum to allow abortion only in those cases , it would pass . 
  most likely by a small margin , but it sounds doable in this decade at least . 
  then a few years down the road , there might be more will to legalise abortion altogether . 
  i have no idea . 
  i think oscar wilde , david norris and yer man from boyzone might have had something to do with it . 
  you see , the mammies ( apart from the younger mammies ) support gay marriage but oppose abortion . 
  they believe that it is not the unborn 's fault it exists in the first place and ca n't imagine how it would be different from killing someone outside the womb . 
  on gay rights , if asked how they 'd feel about having gay children , they 'd want them to be safe . 
  my mother for instance , she 's pro-life but she supports gay marriage . 
  she 's fine with people opposing gay marriage because she feels that 's their opinion , but she hates people who hate gay people . 
  many people , male and female , in her age group tend to hold similar views . 
  i 'm pro-choice in case anybody 's wondering . 
  ya , ireland and scotland are like brothers , 
  that 's also another explanation for the difference between the referendum result and the eurobarometer poll . 
  thankfully only a minority of yes supporters were like `` sure it 'll be grand '' . 
  a german response to an irish comment . 
  have an upvote my friend . 
  in ireland we prefer to have a separation of church and state . 
  we do n't want to go back to the days when we were a theocracy , because there we were poorer and had less personal freedom back then . 
  edit : we 're also becoming less religious at a rapid pace . 
  it is a large difference . 
  but 61 % of registered voters voted in the referendum ; people who did n't vote because they were undecided might have become supportive now that marriage equality is just around the corner ( it 's supposed to take effect from the middle of next month ) . 
  scotland is still a neighbour . 
  op asked for neighbours , and ireland and scotland are close enough . 
  i 'd say scotland . 
  \u00c9ire will into abortion once we 're fully into secularism . 
  but \u00c9ire coming into secularism like nordic . 
  and the catholic church backed the franco dictatorship . 
  jaysus , we beat britain by 9 % . 
  ireland definitely receives a lot of american influences , maybe even more than we do from other countries . 
  a lot of american companies have set up businesses here , and we watch a lot of american television and movies , and listen to a lot of american music . 
  we have a lot of mcdonald 's restaurants , and even more subway restaurants . 
  we also have burger king , pizza hut , kfc and starbucks , though they 're not as popular . 
  the iphone is one of the most widely sought after mobile phones . 
  we mostly use the metric system but we still use feet for height , inches for screen size of electronics and miles for distance . 
  we also drink a good bit of mountain dew . 
  that said , we still get a lot of influence from britain . 
  we do n't omit the ` u ' from ` colour ' , ` odor ' , ` honour ' and ` labour ' . 
  we consume a lot of british media , including their ads . 
  our government is more similar to britain 's than america 's and the same goes for education and healthcare . 
  we hear of american school children complaining about wearing uniforms , which are the norm over here and in the uk . 
  of all counties ? 
  that is very interesting . 
  i 've always figured armenian culture was strongly linked given that it helped to influence the religious landscape of europe . 
  i hope armenia and other european countries ( especially ireland ) will be able to influence each other more . 
  we have a lot to learn . 
  i 'd also be eager to visit . 
  how are you doing serj ? 
  how do you feel about relations between armenia and other countries in europe ? 
  do you feel that some of the european countries have been helpful towards armenia and towards your cause ? 
  how do armenians feel about europe ? 
  in relation to european countries that currently do not get along with armenia , do you see any improvement in relations between armenia and those countries on the horizon ? 
  yeah , our climates suck . 
  too much rain . 
  but the worst are the winds in january that are so strong umbrellas are useless . 
  spain . 
  i love the food , the cost of living and , of course , the hot , arid climate . 
  preferably on the coast of andalusia .
