  gay marriage referendums . 
  the one in ireland passed ( edit : which is good ) while the one in slovenia failed ( edit : which is bad ) . 
  both by similar margins as well . 
  out of ~ 4.6 million , that 's still a minority . 
  exactly . 
  would n't make much of a difference if they stayed in accommodation or not . 
  well no wonder he 's so efficient so ; coming to every house all over the world in one night . 
  true . 
  but people are more inclined to believe he 's from the finnish lapland . 
  in ireland we use the word `` college '' to refer to any third level institution , like in the us . 
  there are universities , institutes of technologies ( which generally have smaller student populations and are easier to get into ) and other types of colleges . 
  university courses last 4 years while institute of technology courses can be 2 , 3 or 4 years long . 
  many students enter university through the cao system , where they use the points and grades from their leaving cert exams ( held at the end of secondary school ) and get the course if they meet the criteria . 
  it 's not the only route to third level education ; some wait a year after secondary school , and some wait until they are 23 , where tuition fees are cheaper . 
  most students stay in accommodation , which can be student villages , or they can rent an apartment nearby . 
  the latter is usually cheaper , but the rent does n't include electricity , internet , tv and rubbish collection unless stated otherwise ; you 'd have to sort those things out yourself . 
  most students staying in the city come home at the weekends to their families . 
  they 'd only stay in all weekend if they were studying abroad , or if they lived in let 's say donegal and were studying in cork ( ireland is n't that big of a country ) . 
  sometimes students stay in at the weekends to work on big projects or study for exams , but most of them otherwise are home from friday evenings to sunday evenings . 
  while most students stay in accommodation , a good proportion of them live at home with their parents . 
  especially if they live within walking distance . 
  they get up in the morning and walk , cycle , drive or take the bus to college and then back in the evenings . 
  some students who live an hour away from the campus take the bus in and out everyday if they get a good deal with bus fares . 
  for example , a student from ennis ( an hour from limerick city ) studying in ul can get a student ticket that gives them 10 journeys within seven days between ennis and ul for only $ 20 , and the bus runs every hour . 
  but some students whose parents live near the colleges still stay in accommodation , probably to learn more independence , stay with friends or for other personal reasons . 
   every weekend on friday the big majority of these people will go back home ( often by train ) to stay the weekend at home . 
  belgian students are often mocked for this by foreign students you wo n't get mocked for this by irish students . 
  most irish students who stay in accommodation go home to their families at the weekends unless they 're working in the city or studying abroad . 
  some even just go to college in the mornings and come home in the evenings and stay with their parents every night . 
  especially if their parents live within walking or driving distance from the college . 
  it saves a lot of money ; students wo n't have to pay for accommodation and they can eat what their parents cook for them . 
  though this does slow down their efforts to becoming independent of their parents . 
  we know he 's from lapland , but i 'm not sure how many irish people know that lapland is in finland . 
  we do know it 's around the nordics up past the arctic circle . 
  we open our presents on the 25th , usually around sunrise . 
  but some families open their presents around 05:00 , then once the presents are opened they go to bed for an hour and then get ready for mass . 
  people who dip into the sea on christmas morning open the presents afterwards or beforehand . 
  cameron would be more likely to be loved over here if it was discovered he has irish ancestry than putin , rouhani and salmon bin abdulaziz al saud , i can guarantee that . 
  i 'm not so sure about hollande , but merkel is n't liked because of austerity and we feel she 's exploiting the european union . 
  both france and germany have been the harshest towards us since we fell into the recession , so it does n't help either merkel 's or hollande 's popularity over here . 
  can we blame them ? 
  so many countries wo n't stand up for them . 
  well you guys do have to be ruled by him while we do n't . 
  it 's the same over here . 
  obama is the only one ireland loves . 
  edit : we 're also evenly divided on modi . 
  * english ( all 13 years of school ) * irish ( all 13 years of school ) * french or german ( secondary school ) . 
  some schools teach through irish , and you get an 11 % bonus if you do your leaving cert exams in irish . 
  most schools teach through english , but in these schools you must spend the first hour learning irish every morning . 
  commands in junior and senior enfants ( 5 and 6 year olds ) must be given in irish and you do two hours learning it every morning . 
  it 's a compulsory subject for secondary school students . 
  you can get an exemption from irish if you have a learning difficulty , a language impairment or lived outside of ireland for the first few years of your life , but otherwise you have to learn it . 
  does n't help that words in irish do n't often sound the way they are spelled . 
  secondary school you can learn either french or german or both . 
  some schools require you to do both languages for the first year , but you can drop one of them . 
  some secondary schools teach spanish and you can study them instead of german or french , but most secondary schools offer only french and german . 
  you can study a language outside of school however if you 're not happy with the options . 
  you do n't have to study a language for the leaving cert but most university courses required a language other than english and irish so you 'd be better of studying at least one language . 
  once a bus driver was having a conversation like that with a passenger as i was getting on . 
  it was raining . 
  some of the bus drivers here are eejits . 
  i definitely wo n't be saying how are you when i visit finland some day . 
  it 's almost a verbal tick over here so it wo n't be easy . 
  yeah , those people were wasters . 
  haha , i meant going out to nightclubs , cheers for that . 
  i just realised that this is how i wave half the time !, 
  we like to be different , 
  no wonder german men pee sitting down . 
  not many people here speak irish as a mother tongue . 
  in fact , a lot of people ca n't even speak the language . 
  every bathroom in private homes has one . 
  bidets are sadly uncommon over here . 
  they used to be common in the countryside , but newer houses rarely include them . 
  some of my friends used to have bidets in two of their bathrooms , but had them uninstalled because they were never used . 
  bus drivers that do this tend to do it to a lot of passengers . 
  those teasers , leading people on :-), 
  ireland in the summer months the days are very long ; sunrise around 5 and sunset around 22:00 . 
  i think irish people should stay out later during the summer and late spring just to watch the sunrise . 
  haha , i bet we might have picked it up from you guys while we were visiting portugal on holidays . 
  we have the news at 18:00 and 21:00 . 
  we usually eat between those times or while watching the news , depending on if we have guests over . 
  sometimes we eat at the table at 18:00 then watch the news at 21:00 . 
  that sounds more interesting than the burgers , fried chicken and chips we wolf down while drunk , but it fills the bellies . 
  most of us are still sober ( or at least just tipsy ) coming out of the pubs or clubs , but you will see a lot of drunkards . 
  now i must try some tripe ; never had it before . 
  they are also very welcoming to strangers . 
  my granddad 's neighbour had a labrador , and every time we went up to my granddad 's house , the dog would crawl through a hole in the hedge to play with us . 
  another neighbour had a jack russell terrier and she was always avoiding us unless my uncle was present . 
  there are a couple of city centre buses in some irish cities where you can exit through the middle or back of the bus . 
  i 've definitely seen that in limerick . 
  we do that here in ireland as well . 
  that explains it then . 
  in ireland we have our dinner usually between 17:00 or 19:00 depending on when we get home from work/school . 
  when i was in spain , the restaurants were always quiet whenever we went out to eat because we went out around 19:00 ; if not they were packed with tourists . 
  drinking in ireland starts around 10 or 11 pm and then the nightclubs and pubs close at around 3 am . 
  after that , everyone heads down to chippers or fast food restaurants that are still open for some food . 
  it 's kinda fun , actually . 
  we drive on the left . 
  only uk , malta and cyprus do the same . 
  you guys are lovely .
