on the bright side , this might take israel 's mind off of sweden recognising palestine . 
  might . 
  definitely . 
  more retail parks in the suburbs , better bus services , lower crime rates . 
  i think the best improvement for limerick was dublin coach . 
  it 's a lot easier to get to and back from now considering i do n't drive . 
  galway may seem like just a big town now , but it has ~ 70,000 people living there and more people are moving in . 
  it 's the fasted growing city in the country . 
  i 've never been to waterford . 
  i must visit it some time . 
  last time i was in cork was 9 years ago . 
  would love to visit again . 
  galway is an awesome city as well , and limerick is getting better . 
  it does . 
  they have the best public transport in the country ( they have the dart and the luas ; other cities are stuck with only city buses ) ; the best hospitals , the best schools ( they have a lot of schools that are n't as good as some in other cities , but i digress ) , get good media coverage and the best utility services . 
  definitely . 
  we do n't really have it as bad , since when people think of ireland , since dublin is not the only thing that gets lots of coverage from the media ( but public policy still suits dublin better than the rest of the country ) . 
  yet we still hate our capital as much as you guys hate yours . 
  other than the fact that people outside of dublin tend to find dubliners to be stuck-up and ignorant , and that dubliners tend to find the rest of the country to be poor , religious farmers , we do get along very well . 
  maybe that 's why the article chose not to epand on their statistics . 
  while i would like to see more women in the military , in construction and in ceo positions , and more men in childcare professions , homemaking and nursing , i 'd prefer if this was achieved through education than through quotas . 
  it would be far more effective in the long run anyway , since it reinforces the point about gender equality that your gender is only relevant when it comes to how you reproduce and choosing a sexual partner . 
  this is all based on statistics . 
  yes , statistics can be helpful . 
  but it is irresponsible to make judgements or laws/policies based on statistics alone . 
  if we allow this to follow through , people might demand that exclusive lanes be created on the roads for the racial , ethnic , social or religious group that is statistically the least likely to cause road accidents . 
  what would happen if , hypothetically speaking , white people happened to be this group ? 
  it would cause a shitstorm . 
  special lanes targeting any particular group are just not gon na work . 
   ... the equality nazis trying to give christianity a jolly good kicking ... wow , i did n't know there was no proceedure for a civil marriage in the uk . 
  or that marriages in a mosque or a synagogue are invalid there . 
   we do n't really do extreme in ireland . 
  let 's hope you 're right . 
  face it puts , erdo\u011fan 's alleged ties with isil are not gon na distract the west from your ` subtle ' invasion of ukraine and your occasional threats ` of aide ' to the baltics . 
  even if this is true and west decide to do something about erdo\u011fan , you 're still not getting back into our good books . 
  if you want turkey to leave syria alone , leave ukraine and the baltics alone . 
  fair point . 
  but between far-right and centre-right is right , and between far-left and centre-left is left . 
  if only people disgruntled with centre parties would realise this . 
  that is true . 
  sinn fein supporters tend to be unwelcoming towards immigrants . 
  the rest of their policies still beat to the left . 
  it would be in the same situation as the national front in france in the 80s though . 
  so it 's still significant . 
  hopefully it wo n't grow too much , especially given gerry adams ' leadership of the party . 
   generally only up to 12 weeks , and longer depending on the medical situation oh yeah . 
  i forgot about the trimester periods . 
  ireland seems to be a unique case within europe . 
  whereas far-right parties are gaining momentium in most european countries , ireland , it is the far-left . 
  i meant one of the foetuses . 
  it was a poor choice of words . 
   you said that embryos are being implanted in placenta and does n't provide any evidence for . 
  oh , i thought you were talking about how it was impossible to abort one embryo/foetus in the womb without doing any harm to the other foetus ( es ) / embryo ( s ) . 
  i saw in a documenty where the intended parents of a surrogate from india had three embryos implanted into the surrogate , who could only carry two foetuses to term . 
  so they aborted one of them . 
  but hey , you seem to be the expert . 
  if you have any proof that what i 'm saying is bullshit , present me a link . 
  i will admit , i 'm not 100 % knowledgeable about abortions are carried out , especially for pregnancies dealing with multiple foetuses . 
  but there is no need to make a big deal out of my ignorance . 
  just point me in the right direction if you think i 'm uninformed . 
   he showed his true colors - as a traditional , old-school , european conservative well technically , he is traditional , old-school and conservative . 
  putin has spent more than half his life in the soviet union , and his mindset still appears to be stuck in the soviet union . 
  so he 's traditional . 
  he can not seem to grasp the concept of freedom of expression , freedom of press , democracy and lgbti rights , and considering that those things were non-existent in the soviet union , he does n't want that to change . 
  so he 's conservative . 
  but that only makes putin traditional and conservative from a soviet viewpoint , not a european viewpoint . 
  then again , his speech is not a million miles from what hitler would 've said to other european leaders in the late 1930 's , so maybe the caption below that image of putin is not full of shit after all . 
  the rest of this article , however , makes as much sense as putin 's speech . 
  at least it was amusing to read . 
   that 's not how this works . 
  or whatever it takes to get pregnant with twins . 
    refused to abort one of the children   are we talking about mammals ? 
  i 'm sure it is possible to abort one of the foetuses without doing anything to the other foetus . 
   you can limit the number of embryos implanted , because it may be safer to avoid twin pregnancy , but your argument is anti-biological , or based on extraterrestrial biology , then i 'm sorry . 
  you can limit the number of embryos implanted by not insert too many into the womb . 
   fyi , this is already standard practice . 
  good . 
  i was hoping this was the case . 
   it 's also extremely unlikely that a couple who could afford a surrogacy pregnancy can only afford one child , unless we 're talking about government subsidized surrogacy . 
  it 's extremely expensive to do . 
  some parents save up a lot of their income for surrogacy and the cost of raising one child . 
  but you make a point . 
   this sounds stupid . 
  can you give any argument for that ? 
  let 's say if a couple would only have the resources to raise one child after the surrogacy . 
  let 's say to increase the chances of a pregnancy , the couple have three fertilised eggs implanted into the surrogate 's womb . 
  two of the eggs get implanted into the placenta , resulting in twins . 
  the couple can not raise more than one child because the whole proceedure of the surrogacy was expensive . 
  what if the surrogate was pro-life and refused to abort one of the embryos/foetuses ? 
  what 's gon na happen to one of the children when they are born then ? 
  if a couple can only raise four kids max , then they should not be allowed to implant any more than four embryos . 
  edit : fixed spelling errors . 
  if surrogacy is going to be legalised , the surrogate should have a right to terminate the pregnancy at any stage , for whatever reason , because it is her body . 
  the intended parents have to pay for all expenses related to gp visits and hospital stays ( if they are not covered in the country 's national healthcare ) and maternity clothing . 
  most importantly , the number of embryos put into the surrogate should not exceed the number of kids the intended parents can raise , and if the parents should only be alloweed to make surrogacy contracts if they can raised and love a disabled child ( because there is a chance that the child can be born disabled ) . 
  if the parents are carriers for life-threatening conditions , then they should not be allowed to use their own gametes . 
  as long as the parents wo n't abuse the child , can love a disabled child , pay for all expenses incurred and acknowledge that the surrogate mother 's rights to bodily atonomy exceeds their rights to geneticly-related children , then they should be able to have kids through surrogacy . 
  so i guess i am in favour of surrogacy being legal . 
  after all , some studies have indicated that parents of surrogacy-conceived children provide a lot of warmth and love for their kids compared to parents in general . 
  but in my opinion , adoption would be the better option .
