you dodged the question because you yourself are unable to awnser the question . 
  a culture can objectively be superior if for example the people collectively are smarter/live longer/happier/enjoy more freedom etc etc. 
  just because a party wants to stop subsidies on certain education , and make them tick one box of fascism , does n't make them fascists . 
  and i do n't even agree that he actually wants to do that . 
  with your reasoning antifa are fascists as well , as they condone violence on people with opposite opinions . 
  do you even realize how stupid that sounds ? 
  you can literally blanket every behavior under fascism sooner or later , godwin is more relevant then ever . 
  so if you could try to formulate how thinking western culture is superior equals fascism , that would be great . 
   the other is facism 1 . 
  the original statement is that he considers western culture superior to other cultures , you use the word ` others ' which makes your statement unclear and ambiguous at best ( maybe even implying he means people , or digressing into doublespeak making a sidestep into nazism ) . 
  with his original statement is nothing wrong . 
  can you explain how thinking western culture is superior is fascism ? 
  i helped you out a little bit to not go down the straw-man route , if you could elaborate how thinking western culture is superior is fascism , [ that would be great ] ( https://media.makeameme.org/created/that-would-be-3dsosw.jpg ) . 
  [ haha . . ] ( https://legacy.gscdn.nl/archives/images/terrystropdas1.jpg ), 
   on culture forum voor democracy considers western culture superior above other cultures . 
  cultures can subjectively and objectively be superior depending on your criteria . 
  the fact that this sentence alone makes you relapse into meme 's like ` literally fascist ' without really thinking it through , shows you have n't even considered what culture really is . 
  other then that , the statement is very dismissive towards other countries , and thus a little cringe worthy . 
  there is a docking fee for ships , depending on the port that range from 15 to 250 dollar pp , per person per day . 
  you could technically double tax that , or raise the port fees . 
  the port fees are collected by the port , so you could tax that business heavier . 
  but technically , that disembark tax already exists . 
  to me the whole discussion just feels like a divorce and asking who the real winner is . 
  generally no-one . 
  but the eu and usa got together , just because other potential partners have unbearable living conditions , are poor , engaged in civil war with themselves , or just batshit insane . 
   how much of the eu is really ready to challenge the us for the sake of holland , of germany , or any individual member ? 
  well since we are having a discussion about a hypothetical situation , the question how much we want to challenge is not relevant . 
   and if you did , who would it cost more : you , or us ? 
  hard to say , will probably cost us a bit more , but not really relevant either . 
   it 's not credible to say that the eu can hurt us like that shutting down services and forcibly jump starting our own tech sector ? 
  that was not the point , i addressed it to give an example of eu compliance and how usa benefits from that . 
   look at your own country ; you survive on global trade . 
  most of it is with other eu members , but how much would it hurt you to lose our market vs. the reverse ? 
  netherlands export 3.8 % of our total to usa and netherlands import 7.7 % of total from usa . 
  but i strongly suspect you meant to imply it would hurt us more . 
  i do n't know . 
  for both products and general trade you would want to have as big as a potential market as you can have . 
  forcibly ripping apart usa and eu would hurt on both sides just as much , as we are the continents with the most money and disposable income . 
  how can we not undermine parts of your economy ? 
  and if the answer is no , how come the usa is immune to it ? 
  my guess on that answer is that it would suck for usa too , but too proud to admit it ? 
  no rain in netherlands , rain in belgium and finland . 
  everything is as it should be . 
  you saying you can morph your country into different continents . 
  i say you can culturally and religiously , just not physical move it . 
  turkey 's alignment and how people view it depends on the actions they choose . 
  culturally and religiously yes . 
  there was a time people considered turks to be one of the better assimilating groups in the netherlands . 
  and look at them now . 
  it 's still a step up from being a boat refugee , but turkish riots here and erdogan 's tactics did not play out that well for their general reputation . 
  17 % of them sitting in welfare does n't help that much either . 
   there 's the big flaw in this analysis . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  because i feel what he says is true . 
  the us is benefiting greatly by the passive attitude of eu consumers selecting what products they want to use . 
  our culture and expenditure pattern is very very us focused . 
  we watch netflix on our iphones while googling what series we want to watch . 
  we get jokes about texan culture quicker then we get a joke about serbia . 
  the undermining could go into denying services and applications from us to eu , or make them less competitive to the point the people in the eu actually start to develop alternatives , because honestly , with a lot of products , its a wasteland here just because we do n't feel the need to try , because we lean so much on us products , and the us makes a lot of money from it . 
  this is not meant as pointing fingers , or a good/bad guy story , but i kind of see the compliance of eu citizens and the business it generates for us companies . 
  that was my whole point . 
  for normal tax paying dutch people it is better , we are subsidizing those companies , and they still use our infrastructure . 
  but the loss of gdp would make our contribution to the eu budget less considerable . 
  good for dutch taxpayers , but not that good for other countries , as the money needs to come from somewhere . 
  no regular dutch person should care . 
  but for you it is better to keep it this way . 
  the dutch already have a high ( inflated ) gdp , so closing the tax loop will lower our gdp , and thus lower the amount we have to pay into the european union . 
  so losing out on ` fake economy ' money and having to pay less to other countries , is welcome news to actual dutch tax paying entities . 
  thanks , i am one of the few people in my group of friends that does n't watch football , so the connections/hate/love between clubs is totally lost on me . 
  it means the people that said ngo 's where trafficking people where right . 
  i fear there will still be arguments that the pictures are not clear enough to actually prove that these people are actually connected to iuventa and we on / r/europe are n't just slandering their good name . 
  but this thread has n't been up so long yet , there is still a chance . 
  good thing this sub is full of amature lawyers at best , and nobody in a position of real power . 
  thanks again , til . 
  thanks for the explanation , i at least unserstand it now . 
  never realized soccer being so intwined with religion though . 
  i feel i 'm completely out of the loop , i do n't understand it ? 
  i guess that 's the same for us , our fastest growing network is a elderly channel , primetime tv is gossip and lot of house renovation bullshit . 
  i do n't think my generation actually watches tv anymore ( ~ 35 yo ) , but then again , i 'm probably completely wrong and it might just be me and the people around me that do n't watch it . 
   it is highly unlikely that you watch russian news . 
  yeah , in my 5 weeks there only watched \u0414\u043e\u043c-2 . 
  did n't help me understand the language better but felt like television back home ( and remembering why i do n't watch television ), 
  i 've looked at the sources and 2 things i want to mention : * i do n't deny that * economic * migrants put more money in the system , but the sources you showed have no long term effect results . 
  ideal migrant would come here after getting his masters in a foreign country and work here till his pension time and move back . 
  but you can not even expect from natives that they will work all their lives . 
  that is why you see a decrease in people actually working after x years in the source i provided . 
  * regarding one of your own sources , it shows the same , if you heap all migrants , you get a sort of okayish result . 
  maybe the uk has gotten ` better ' migrants then our official statistics show , but ` the rest of the world ' still does very very poorly compared to eu people . 
  https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/thumbnails/image/2016/10/05/14/employmentrate.jpg when talking mena , you can safely assume the stats for the future will be equally depressing . 
  i can not translate the source better then google would but here other official dutch statistics , about nationality and unemployment . 
  look at that unemployment and welfare . 
  https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2015/31/zeven-van-de-tien-somaliers-in-de-bijstand it is deceitful to talk about migrants without making distinction where they are from . 
  tldr : mena bad , poland good, 
  you mean there was a time that being fat showed that you had the power/means to eat a lot , and that made you attractive as a mate , as basic food needs for a lot of people where often not covered ? 
  being fat was a achievement hundreds of years ago , now with all the calorie dense food it is accessible to most on the western world . 
  that said , those women look fine to me , nothing dramatic . 
  when in doubt , use the n word . 
   but there are a large section of people who jump into these threads because they are praying they can have a terrorism wank . 
  so they are exactly like you but with different political motives ? 
   but if someone tries to tell me that being proud is somehow a problem solver , i pretty much know what to think of that person .
