  i would n't really expect much better from the telegraph though . 
  it really irritates me that the subs are clearly far from complete . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  when protesting against the bnp , which is where uaf started really , it was because of the involvement of various higher-ups in the bnp having history in the neo-nazi national front . 
  it 's sad that there was less balls-to-the-wall ( what does that phrase even mean ? ), 
  insanity this time than in previous years . 
  but there were a couple of nice songs amidst all the smush . 
  greece 's song reminded me of gogol bordello , who i love . 
  the uk 's entry was shit as usual ( sorry bonnie ) . 
  swedish smorgasbord should have won eurovision . 
  greeks second . 
  more concerning is that 50 % of the national vote is decided by a panel of judges . 
  i reckon if it was 100 % public greece would have had our douze points . 
  i wish i looked half as good as he did in that suit . 
  alas , i 'm all stumpy and not at all lithe and attractive . 
  greece ? 
  at least three of them were major unf material . 
  and in kilts , even better . 
  the azerbaijan guy was very cute though . 
  there just were n't three of him . 
  i love abusing erik , i do n't know why !, 
  i ca n't fathom how any human being can be serious about eurovision . 
  if scotland becomes independent , there should be a referendum in all the english counties about becoming officially scottish . 
  north-south divide 2.0 , pommie mo ` fos . 
  a united republic of scotland and wales would be pretty nice , it would be nice to see england wither away . 
  i say this as a yorkshireman . 
  they are n't libertarian - they 're the uk 's closest equivalent to the republican party in the us . 
  i think the ristorante ones are pretty nice . 
  hey , i live in poverty , i want eurocheese . 
  i actually am completely out of cheese at the moment . 
  i have my reasons , but they 're a bit extensive to go into . 
  it was a bit of a pun . 
  though revulsion is what i feel when i think about my country , it was also a nod to the idea of revolt , ` the peasants are revolting !, 
  ' , etc. 
  getting a national palace by virtue solely of being born = legally enshrined inequality . 
  i explained elsewhere in the thread , but in short it 's legally enshrining the idea that some people are by virtue of birth superior and deserving of different treatment than others . 
  because monarchy is inherently ethically wrong in principal . 
  newsflash : the enlightenment happened . 
  i can only speak for the uk situation , but influence or lack thereof notwithstanding ( and there has been considerable controversy over the royalty exerting influence recently ) , it 's also a matter of principle . 
  it 's wrong for the government of a people to hold authority whilst having codified that some citizens are by virtue of birth more important or deserving of different treatment than others . 
  many british institutions have the authority to operate vested in them by ` the crown ' . 
  when in court in the uk , it is you vs. regina , as though whatever you did was some sort of slight against the monarchy . 
  the influence of monarchs may have waned , but at the core of the institution of the monarchy are several inescapable tacit antidemocratic principles . 
  i do n't hold my opinions because they are popular or unpopular , i hold them because i believe them to be correct . 
  is it cliche to describe water as wet ? 
  and ? 
  i find the notion of monarchy revolting no matter which country it is in , the uk included . 
  in fact i 'm involved with an anti-monarchy protest group here . 
  hold on , which century is this ? 
  the thing about parody is that it 's supposed to be clever and funny . 
  good !, 
  france bravery level : 10, 
  a troll is born . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  is this ... is this supposed to be an argument ? 
  i dunno , france got rid of their monarchy and state religion . 
  the uk still looks ridiculous by comparison . 
  oh , finding inequality repellant is a ` high horse ' is it ? 
  then please excuse me your highness . 
  we are not citizens , we are ` subjects ' . 
  our court cases are not ` the uk vs. john doe ' , they are ` regina vs. john doe ' . 
  the notion that only people in one family can aspire to be head of state is repellent . 
  our money says ` elizabeth ii d g reg f d' , an abbreviated form of ` elizabeth ii , by the grace of god queen and defender of the faith ' . 
  we have a state religion and 26 people sit in the house of lords * voting on british law * solely by virtue of being bishops in that religion . 
  millions of pounds a year is thrown at these people , whose greatest achievement is being born . 
  the institution of the monarchy is utterly outdated and antidemocratic . 
  only in the last year has proof surfaced in letters that are to be suppressed that the royal family , charles in particular ( who is n't even head of state ! ), 
  are trying to influence politicians and thus legislation . 
  the royal family 's communiques with the government are exempt from the freedom of information act , meaning we may never see what they are trying to do . 
  the persistence of any monarchical institution is degrading to any 21st century person . 
  do you seriously think that is the alternative i am suggesting ? 
  ` bring back napoleon bonaparte . ', 
  do you * really genuinely think * that is the crux of my argument ? 
  the united comes from the country being composed of four warring states reluctantly tied into some sort of horrible package deal . 
  panama has something to do with it apparently . 
  the kingdom has to do with the fact that we 're 200 years and counting behind france with regard to levelling-up to being a country that does n't have a bunch of inbred sponges as automatic heads of state . 
  makes sense that greece is at the bottom , they 're resorting to eating doormats over there . 
  in this case , their exposure is about a major snub to the islamic ideals of ` modesty ' that are demanded of women . 
  they argue that this so-called modesty is a way of oppressing women and having men assert control over their bodies . 
  i happen to agree . 
  not really . 
  i do n't think the immigrant population has risen enough for us to be in a different category . 
  ` one foot in the grave ' , i 'd say . 
  it 's being said that more tories voted against it than in favour . 
  the rest of the country can do that and i 'll stay here . 
  the isle of critictopia , formerly west yorkshire . 
  clearly dave 's dictionary has a misprint in the definition for ` conservative ' . 
  no way . 
  complaining about the weather is the national sport , there 's no way we 'd ever abandon it by actually having nice weather . 
  this is almost certainly it . 
  i think it 's more north africa = sahara , pyramids , mid africa = famine , ethnic conflict , southern africa = nelson mandela , fookin ' prauns . 
  the problem is that people need to vote from an informed position . 
  and that seems exceptionally unlikely . 
  if i needed surgery , i would n't have a democratic vote on how to proceed between everyone in the ward including grieving relatives , cleaners , secretaries , etc. 
  i 'd leave it to the surgeons to decide what needed to be done . 
  `` with polls closing at 10:00 many people ... 
  sorry to interrupt , breaking news now , we 're hearing now that the results are coming in . 
  we 're awaiting official confirmation , but the results we 're getting are that 27 % voted ` in ' , 19 % voted ` out ' and 54 % voted ` shake it all about ' . 
  if these results are accurate it leaves britain in a continued state of confusion about eu membership tonight . 
  more on that later , but now , over to paul for the weather . '',
