  * they are there solely by virtue of their religion . 
  all across the world atrocities are committed in the name of every deity ; torture and murder of people of opposing faiths , lgbt people and many other groups , ritualistic non-elective genital mutilation of millions of children , the exploitation of the vulnerable and often mentally ill for the sake of financial gain and prestige , the persistent campaign of harassment of women who need to get abortions . 
  i could go on . 
  i personally was made homeless by my parents because of their religious beliefs . 
  ` judge not , lest ye be judged ' is a nice platitude , but the amount of suffering caused by religious believers and their mandate to obey the rules of ancient texts written by madmen over the debated and voted-upon laws of their countries show that it is sadly ignored . 
  i do n't think context can justify divine edicts from a supposedly infallible and unchanging deity telling people to stone each-other to death and subject each-other to slavery . 
  criticizing the political exploitation of the despicable events of the holocaust is not remotely akin to having fascist sympathies . 
   a minimum of 4 standardised pieces of faeces as specified by din 1385 . 
  this is the most german thing i have ever heard . 
  brilliant . 
  ` how can you think of leaving romania ? 
  if you do n't get a good job , do you know how much that will cost the country ?! ', 
  says the mother or father or whatever of the potential immigrant . 
  well , exactly . 
  it 's not supposed to be a reasonable request . 
  it 's supposed to dissuade people who will immigrate and then have to live on benefits . 
  obviously there would have to be regulations stating that immigrants ' access to unemployment services could not legally be less than that of people born in the country if the immigrant 's home country was to be billed . 
  at any rate i think the immigrants themselves would pursue work . 
  ca n't european countries bill each-other for the costs of economically supporting immigrants ? 
  as in , if a frenchman moves to belgium and claims state benefits , should n't the belgian government be able to bill france for the cost ? 
  there are issues with this idea i suppose , though it would certainly create a stigma around people abandoning their home country which would possibly diminish the immigration everyone spends so much time complaining about ( even though it is only a tiny fraction - studies prove that immigrants on average financially enrich a country ) . 
  that 's because they 're morally bankrupt . 
  downvoting is n't censorship . 
  ` fuck russia ' is becoming the lgbt hail mary . 
  say it ten times a day whilst rubbing your balls . 
  i make no apologies for my high standards of gender equality . 
  i wo n't stoop to pandering to ` reasonable middle grounds ' if those middle grounds are prejudiced , bigoted shite . 
  thank goodness you have absolutely no authority in anything significant . 
  in what sense ? 
  i take it you 've never heard of the male gaze . 
  this company is producing a corporate calendar which assumes that everyone who wants to own a company calendar is a man who is titillated by photos of sexualized women . 
  that is a deeply sexist assumption . 
  it 's really not surprising that gender equality is 40 years behind in russia , everything else is . 
  in wales and the north of england we 're at least a bit more friendly and polite . 
  at least we 're generally more polite . 
   in latvia . 
   look depressed , http://rossrightangle.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/latvians.jpg, 
  wales is lovely . 
  the antipathy towards football is one of my favourite things . 
  the problem with inflation is when prices increase with it and wages do n't . 
  pretty sure your recipe suggestion is the worst thing ever to come out of germany . 
  ketchup on pasta is an abomination . 
  the 1700s called , they want their moral absolutism back . 
  edit : is it you who 's trawling through my comment history downvoting everything i 've said ? 
  very mature !, 
  i think most of the lyrics are adapted from zizek lectures . 
  that 's definitely something i can imagine he has said . 
  it 's the archetypal tory village . 
  it might have nice old buildings and be the winner of oxfordshire in bloom for however many years , but it still has a really uncomfortable , vaguely authoritarian feel to it . 
  i felt profoundly uncomfortable whilst i was there . 
  we in europe would be better drifting together and away from the us . 
  haha !, 
  spot on , and so on and so on . 
  witney is a horrible place . 
  this never happens with the bilingual signage in wales . 
  gah , beat me to it . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  ukip had a burst in popularity recently but i think it 's been a bit of a flash in the pan to be honest . 
  they are n't polling particularly healthily at the moment , and they still have another year to continue to make themselves look like complete wankers . 
  i 'm hoping that the election of the first green mp will pave the way for a few more given that it 's now been demonstrated possible . 
  i do n't think the lib dems will shrink quite so much as expected . 
  they will likely lose a lot of their student voting base ( bye bye sheffield hallam ? ), 
  but i think that floating voters might appreciate their tempering of tory policy . 
  there will be a sizeable swing back towards labour , but i really do n't think it will be a landslide , particularly with ed at the helm , because people just are n't drawn to him . 
  lib-lab would allow the lib dems , from their perspective , to claw back some desperately needed credibility , and depending on whether or not they 're all a bunch of orange bookers ( ie yellow tories ) might be able to reverse some of ( nu ) labour 's crawl towards the right . 
  here 's to hoping . 
  i 'm not holding my breath . 
  i 'm anticipating a lib-lab coalition to be honest . 
  far too many people are still very resentful of labour and dislike ed miliband ( assuming he lasts long enough ) . 
  or the kurdish situation . 
  i dunno , does the rest of the uk really get what it wants ? 
  gib is like if the bnp took over ibiza . 
  i ca n't imagine why anyone would want it to be honest . 
  i dunno where you are in wales but in aber it 's been a glorious week . 
  it ca n't last . 
  english ? 
  please , welsh beaches are the best beaches . 
  their prime minister before the current one was the world 's first openly lgbt head of state !, 
  none , but i doubt the person to whom i originally responded has met chelsea manning . 
  i have , on the other hand , known several transgendered people . 
  describing anything that happens less than 50 % of the time as ` unusual ' is an inane truism though . 
  winning a lottery jackpot is statistically ` unusual ' but it still happens every day . 
  it 's a meaningless remark . 
  what have bombs got to do with 9/11 ? 
  not particularly . 
  given the planet 's population , there are hundreds of thousands of transgendered people out there . 
  securing the critical hummous supply . 
  yes , i 've had this discussion with people , whenever the edl roll into town as it happens . 
  and there 's no need for childish accusations . 
  besides , it 's an ugly flag . 
   i know many people as in , i 'm not the sole holder of that sentiment . 
  i know other people who feel the same way and would never display the english flag . 
  i 'm looking forward to living by the sea and in a rural area where i can go out and enjoy the countryside and know i 'm the only person in a ten mile radius . 
  i will try to get involved with various groups . 
  i 'm not particularly sporty but i want to become more athletic and try to take advantage of the gym facilities . 
  one of the things that appeals about aberystwyth is that because it 's so remote , everyone there must really want to be there . 
  it 's not , as i understand it , a party university where people go to fuck about and get drunk in nightclubs for three years ( pub density notwithstanding ) . 
  i just hope i 'm not lonely . 
  :p * world 's tiniest violin * . 
  i 've visited and i liked it .
