   my grandma boiled it up to get the sand out . 
  it was great because we could n't get any fat during the war . 
  i 've heard of ` waste not want not ' but i did n't really think it applied to * disgusting decades-old lard churned up from the bottom of the sea . 
  a finch would have been more appropriate i suppose . 
  `` what is this ? 
  i do n't think we can accept this . '', 
  `` it 's a scottish banknote !, 
  it 's legal tenderrrrrrr ! '', 
  ^ every time anyone tries to pay for anything in england with a scottish banknote , ever . 
  of course it 's a cunt move . 
  pigs are cunts . 
  i do n't believe a god exists * so hard * . 
  grr !, 
  cower as i force my no doctrine upon you . 
  people keep saying this and refusing to explain how they can perfectly foretell what the public attitude will be on every subject in half a decade . 
  people 's attitudes change over time , in response to events and to what they perceive the most widely held opinions to be . 
  nobody knows what sort of a political landscape we 'll be living in years down the line . 
  i hate to break it to you , but no , you 're not left wing . 
  it 's certainly exciting , and i hope that my registration goes through so that i can vote in the leadership election myself , but i absolutely do n't believe anything polls say any more . 
  not after the devastating general election result . 
  do i think corbyn will ever be pm ? 
  not necessarily , but the real crucial work is the main opposition party being led by someone who will speak up against the austerity lie and the constant assaults on our human rights and dignity , rather than take the weathervane route of spinning in misinformed public opinion but promising to be a bit less harsh than the tories . 
  corbyn will change the zeitgeist , he will present genuine alternative ideas , and that will open up the national conversation to the point where a real left wing program might have a chance in future . 
  let 's hope this is a step towards the end of the red tories . 
  what a ridiculous scale . 
  croatia and lithuania , with a difference of 13 beers , are in separate categories , yet belgium and germany , with a difference of almost 500 , are in the same one . 
  also , brb , moving to belgium . 
  it 's pretty aggravating . 
  how is the format going to work otherwise ? 
  it 's turn-based . 
  is it sexist to stop men from going into the women 's bathroom , and vice versa ? 
  i 'm not a statist , i 'm an anarchist . 
  `` money accumulates in the hands of people that are more efficient '' unless : * their genuine innovation is bought out and shelved by a gigantic corporation with a vested interest in the opposite outcome ( see the continued existence of the oil industry ) * they are smeared through advertising campaigns they ca n't afford to counter * their innovation does n't have the potential to be profitable ( see innumerable lifesaving provisions for people in the third world who ca n't afford to pay and therefore get nothing ) * producing their innovation requires materials or skills controlled by cartels or trusts , who have a vested interest in refusing to accommodate them . 
  * their offerings are undercut by a larger business which can afford to produce lower quality imitations on a larger scale , and possibly even sell them at a loss . 
  * they are unable to source the venture capital required , for any of innumerable reasons , particularly risk aversion . 
  * their opponents have the financial ability to lobby for restrictions which impede them . 
  all anarcho-capitalism tackles is the last one . 
  products which ascend from nothing and change the zeitgeist are few and far between because inherent in capitalism is the perfectly logical desire for big business and the super-rich to crush any competition . 
  capitalism inevitably tends towards monopoly , and it always will , government or no . 
  the problem with ancaps is the refusal to acknowledge that money accumulates in the hands of the wealthy , that it is harder for poor people to make money than rich people , and that it is in the best interests of the rich to suppress threats to their wealth . 
  anarchism is the rejection of authority . 
  money is the facilitator of authority . 
  the last mp was a lib dem , and plaid are the 2nd party here . 
  every seat lost from the lib dems weakens their bargaining power , and plaid , along with the greens and to some extent the snp are one of the only forces of progressivism in this country now that labour have well and truly given in to the austerity lie . 
  what , like institutional racism ? 
  ` skiehreem beloangs to deh noards ! ', 
  like fuck it does . 
  if anyone it belongs to the snow elves and dwemer . 
  the empire has had to make difficult choices , but it is the only thing holding back the far more dangerous altmer threat . 
   this is not the case with this meeting , as it concerns issues relevant to society at large . 
  i do n't think that this is the case at all . 
  i think you 're being incredibly presumptuous in thinking that the intent of this meeting was to develop solutions to put the world to rights rather than giving people a venue to discuss their experiences . 
  in fact , the rationale provided makes no sense in that case . 
  as for feeling able to vent freely , everyone self-censors incessantly . 
  we avoid saying truly how we feel all the time based on our audience . 
  barely so soon as someone finishes criticising sexism , someone jumps in with ` not all men ' derailing , this comment thread case in point . 
  do n't patronize me with your ` sweetie ' bullshit . 
  you can hardly criticize the generalisation i intentionally , consciously made to incite people to demonstrate just how butthurt they are over this issue even whilst making one yourself . 
  believe me , i have experienced discrimination . 
  i 've been told that i should be shot and other verbal abuse for holding hands with my partner on the street . 
  i 've been estranged from my family because i left the cult i was raised in . 
  you do n't know me or anything about me . 
  as an ethnic minority , jewish people would , i assume , have been welcome . 
  i do n't expect that jewish men , even holocaust survivors , do know much about being victims of sexism against women . 
  that depends entirely on what the individual is being barred from . 
  the real boundary here is people who have been or are at threat of being victims of racism and sexism against bme women . 
  no disservice is done to someone through failure to invite them to something inappropriate to them . 
  it 's not discrimination not to invite a badminton player to a squash tournament , particularly if they can attend a racket games conference the week after . 
  as i said , this was one event amongst others which did not have the restriction . 
  what do they have to contribute in a discussion about being victims of something they 're not victims of ? 
  can anyone saunter into , say , group therapy without a diagnosis ? 
  as i said , this is one event for a specific group of people . 
  other events were organised on the same topic without this restriction . 
  time is limited , and for every non-victim that speaks , a victim wo n't have the time to . 
  it 's extremely important to have spaces specifically for the affected . 
  i 'm less lacking in self awareness than you ascribe . 
  but this is reddit , and nothing here matters and no one ever pays attention to anyone anyway . 
  twist , i 'm a white man . 
  ` men not invited into women 's bathroom . ', 
  bloody sjws !, 
  #leftwingfascism seriously though , this was * one event * specifically for discussion of a particular type of discrimination amongst people who were or could be victims of it . 
  straight white men ca n't bear the thought of there being anything in the world that they ca n't have an outspoken opinion on . 
  edit : attention redditors - the preceding broad generalisation was a conscious incitement tactic . 
  gosh , straight white men are * so easy * to rile !, 
  / edit it 's okay for someone to admit that when unaffected by something , any opinions they might have on that topic have less salience . 
  i 've never been the victim of racism . 
  i do n't expect people , particularly bme people , to pay attention to what i say on being a victim of racism , and that 's okay . 
  i 'm not a woman . 
  i do n't expect women to pay any attention to what i have to say on being a victim of sexism , or menstruating , or anything else specifically associated with the experience of being a woman , and that 's okay . 
  i was at an nus conference a number of years ago and there was a session specifically for bme people . 
  i went for a coffee instead , and slept like a baby that evening . 
  we value expertise in many regards . 
  we expect engineers to design better bridges than we could . 
  we expect surgeons to transplant organs better than we could . 
  what is so outrageous about expecting people who are victims of racism to have a greater understanding of racism than people who are n't ? 
  there 's no sweet tea and grits on the moon , so we 're not interested . 
  i hope eventually to tour the us . 
  getting a camper van and being able to go and stay anywhere as long as i liked , always having a bed , taking out several months to be able to visit all the places off the beaten track , that would be my idea of the perfect holiday . 
  when my numbers come up ... 
  or , you know , if someone is holding hands with their same-sex spouse , you idiot .
