our ... 
  um , by all standards , your women are easy . 
  and i was referring to the number of romanian strippers/hookers in western europe , frate . 
  edit : down vote me all you want -- it 's not going to make it any less true . 
  not only . 
  try the rest of east and south east asia . 
  brain drain and women count as honey ? 
  you have a foreign policy ? 
  skoda ? 
  finland looks boring as fuck . 
  i would love to see the interaction between loud mouth americans and finns in bar . 
  i wish you were a flying dutchman . 
  that 's usually women and not men though ( yes , of course there is gay porn but that 's not as prevalent to hetero anal porn ) . 
  bickering neighbors will never cease to be , 
  haha . 
  expensive for you , cheap for all those nazi gold hoarding , swiss milk maids with their holy cheese . 
   that meant both finnish men and women ( over 24 ) agism !!, 
  babies have a right to vote too !, 
  yes i 'm joking . 
  and good on you finland , 
  not everyone has a half decent job . 
  a large portion of society does not . 
  yes . 
  but money is probably like 60 % of the reason . 
  `` there is no better place in the world to be treated for a serious condition . '', 
  that 's moot if you ca n't afford it . 
  [ yup . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayifunc0mt8 ), 
  thank you george carlin . 
  ah , europe 's piggy bank . 
   read up on your history , formulate your arguments , and be prepared to debate somebody who will not agree with you . 
  lol the average american ( person ) is a lazy , self-righteous , selfish , egocentric idiot . 
  they ca n't handle reading more than the headline . 
   makes them even worse in my eyes - they maintain extremist policies they largely do n't even believe in . 
  that 's called the reality of diplomacy . 
  that 's very western . 
  just not in the last 50-100 years . 
  thanks for the great tl ; dr. 
   prisons are getting a bit crowded and the conditions are not ideal lol when did the ro government ever give a shit about the quality of life of their prisoners . 
  no , our donald is a duck !, 
  you ca n't beat that !, 
  or towards immigrants , right ? 
  right , because other poorer than dirt migrants groups in america did n't study and work hard to escape poverty . 
  as a new yorker , those new yorkers are retards . 
  which resulted in people actually learning and creating a better society . 
  the us has yet to have such hard lessons . 
  the us is too young of a country and society . 
  every time i see that i see ostrich reich . 
  new englanders ? 
  and my axe !, 
  not one at war . 
  now i 'm disappointed . 
  i wanted to see towns named `` here '' and `` there '' or even `` way over there . '', 
  lol, 
  not necessarily . 
  beautiful does n't have to be ornate and elaborate . 
  think modern , clean , simple , minimal . 
  that would cost only nominally more . 
  i agree and why ca n't we do both ? 
  after functionality is taken care of , what 's so hard about making a subway station look nice and clean ? 
  i guess i have no point . 
  who needs beauty in the world . 
  you have n't been disgusted until you 've used the nyc subway system . 
  try new york and then tell us . 
  nah , nyc 's subway is so much prettier and cleaner ... 
  this is n't `` whataboutism . '', 
  i literally explained the reason for it and stuck to the topic , and went further to apply it to other topics . 
  but if you are so adamant to not listen and disregard anything that you do n't say then that 's your problem . 
  what is said is a general rule of thumb . 
  does n't mean there are n't exceptions , as the ends of the bell curve . 
  this is true of anything , frate . 
  superiority is a sentiment on every side . 
  no one sees themselves as bad people . 
  from what i understand germany and korea love each other . 
  most people are two-faced assholes , some regions more so than others . 
  romania still has lingering prejudices of the former soviet bloc and these maps show that . 
   serbs , romanians and bulgarians are the same people hungary has a huge influence in romania 's population and culture . 
  you two people are so silly about this rivalry . 
  now hungary on the other hand sucks !, 
  romania rocks !!, 
  has n't unemployment always been higher in that region due to culture -- mediterranean life style ? 
   but it was dirt cheap so value for money . 
  for all the 140 million citizens of russia , this is n't a luxury they can regular afford . 
  ( except the rich of course but they 're a very small minority . ), 
  and then tortured . 
   was and he paid the price for that . 
  next trip to nl , i am going to rotterdam to visit my dutch friends , 
   like ffs not everything should revolve around that country considering the obesity epidemic in murica , i 'd say everything does literally revolve around murica . 
  i love amsterdam except for the tourists . 
  yes i know i am a tourist when i go there . 
  so yes , i hate myself when i am there . 
  maybe i should n't go to ams any more lol . 
  70/80s really , especially in nyc and sf . 
  in the 90s it came to the public forefront . 
  you had me at strongest and lost me at great . 
  yes , i am an american citizen . 
  because of trump , really . 
   in the world ** right now **, 
  i never eat anything raw so that 's not a problem . 
  also , how do you know the blood or shit was n't a result of a chicken on the rampage killing other chickens ?
