means ` good health ' in welsh . 
  mother . 
  castles . 
  zombies ca n't bite through metre thick stone walls . 
  pop into tesco on the way for snacks to wait out the apocalypse and you 're sorted . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  the biggest issue is language . 
  while it 's not necessary to learn welsh , if you 've lived here for like a year and you do n't know ` hello ' , ` goodbye ' etc and you live in a welsh speaking area the locals are n't going to hold you in high standards . 
  other than that there is the issue of belittling wales as ` just part of england ' , which would very quickly get your lights knocked out if you said it to the wrong people . 
  i 'm running out of battery on my phone so i ca n't explain further atm . 
  if you 're interested , head on over to r/wales !, 
  for wales it 's probably ; most liked - scots , irish , the english that integrate most disliked - english that do n't integrate, 
  in wales we have lots of little celebrations on st david 's day ( 1st of march ) like marches in towns , flags everywhere , wearing traditional clothes and eating traditional food as well as drinking more than usual . 
  maybe in england . 
  shit was funny as fuck from our perspective in wales !, 
  we had re ( religious education ) in my schools . 
  primary school was focused on christianity , but with a focus on the moral aspects of tolerance , charity etc. 
  secondary school was more about the main world religions . 
  but we focused mainly on the abrahamic religions . 
  a friend took re for a level , where they studied the portrayal of religion in the media and pop culture , and buddhism and hinduism . 
  ch , dd , ll , ff , ng , ph , th and rh . 
  we have these letters in the welsh alphabet . 
  it 's raining old ladies with walking sticks . 
  putting the violin in the roof . 
  cheers for the explanation !, 
  no idea myself , maybe it 's an english thing . 
  never heard it in wales . 
  nope . 
  where does it even come from ? 
  is there a reason behind it ? 
  huh . 
  i 've legit never heard anybody call anyone else a septic tank . 
  who the hell calls anybody a septic tank ? 
  ahaha , i 'd only call them ` colonials ' if it we 're a joke involving americans . 
  i 'd never call an american a colonial , they 'd probably get offended . 
  yeah , it 's my go to term to call americans ` yanks ' . 
  though not so much ` yankees ', 
  the issue is that most people in wales do n't care about historical grievances or who did what to whom hundreds of years ago . 
  however i think there 's something that people overlook in the uk ; we 're not the same . 
  not just wales , but scotland , n england , s england and n ireland are all different and only pretty loosely tied together by a common language and some physical and non physical culture . 
  this does n't really help when the large majority want the rest to assimilate . 
  we do n't want to , because in truth being ` british ' means being english to a lot if people , which they do n't want . 
  it 's pretty universal in multicultural countries , the largest one bosses the rest about . 
  that 's just the way things go , which is why there 's always friction between the nations in the uk . 
  but no one 's innocent , we all tend to annoy each other merely for existing . 
  either that or the nutters come out and ruin it for the rest of us by being xenophobic cunts . 
  either way . 
  i do n't see sunny skies ahead for our country . 
  i guess as the ship sink we can at least be civil about it ; that much we all have in common in the uk . 
  i 've only got my phone atm ( laptop had ascended to the pearly gates ) but i 'll try to do your question justice . 
  the most visible show is y cymraeg . 
  it 's on most signposts and official documents as well as being a first language to a large minority and a second language to most everyone else . 
  welsh culture in the traditional sense revolves around the language both spoken and written . 
  in all schools and institutions there are yearly eisteddfodau , large cultural celebrations of music , art , poetry etc. 
  the history of wales ' celtic past us not lost on us either , with the more communal groups you find in ireland and wales , which if you spend an amount of time there you 'll definitely feel a difference from our english neighbour . 
  additionally historic sites are everywhere here , with more castles per square kilometre than anywhere else in the world , which makes us proud that the fiery spirit has survived for so long . 
  to put it simply , we 're happy we were so annoying that the normans and later english had to waste so much money just to keep us quiet for a bit . 
  there 's also a large sense of ` fair play ' ( chwarae teg ) here , which as far as i can tell has been around for a very very long time . 
  in a way , it means that everything should try to be fair , trickery and wit are fine , but outright deceit is not to be tolerated . 
  but i think to sum up how we see ourselves on a cultural and national level is that we 've survived . 
  we 're the last of the britons still on great britain . 
  longevity is the name of the game , and we see that no power has ever overcome us , therefore we never stopped being celtic . 
  i know you 're trying to make a joke . 
  but to a lot of people the scale of the degradation of welsh on all levels is a serious cause of the animosity between welsh and english communities . 
  basically , please do n't make light of our language , it 's the backbone of our cultural identity . 
  as a welshman , i can say that culturally we 're definitely celtic rather than germanic . 
  in general most english feel that welsh sounds alien and unnatural . 
  other europeans ( primarily french and german ) have said that it sounds like singing in an unknown foreign language . 
  and when sung it sounds similar to italian apparently according to them . 
  probably wales : history of a nation . 
  not as exciting as others , but it does cover the entire history . 
  i get irritated when people confuse ` the uk ' , ` great britain ' and ` england ' , but i 've just got used to explaining the differences it 's happened so much . 
  i heard they split, 
  just rolls off the tongue !, 
  in celtic languages words mutate after certain words . 
  ` i ' and ` yng ' are two common trigger words ( to and in , respectively ) . 
  it makes it all sounds nicer and more flowing , which is a reason why welsh songs are so nice ; the language changes itself to be more harmonious . 
  diana wynn jones and t llew jones are my 2 favourites from my childhood . 
  if any of you have watched the studio ghibli film ` howl 's moving castle ' , thank diana for writing the original book !, 
  honestly , we do n't really talk about that bit in schools anymore , it 's a bit embarrassing to us really . 
  there 's a multitude of reasons but going on about it would make anybody seem like an anglophobic nationalist nutcase , so it 's better off to leave it alone . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_devolution_referendum,_1997 ) the wikipedia entry on it . 
  wales referendum on having our own assembly . 
  passed with less than 1 % in it ... 
  it 's an accent that appears to shave 50 % of the user 's iq . 
  i feel sorry for them to have been born with that stereotype attached . 
  probably discovering large coal veins in the south wales valleys . 
  turned an almost completely agricultural society into the heart of the industrial revolution . 
  this unprecedented increase in industrialisation catapulted wales into the forefront of industrial invention ; passenger trains , the puddling method and the creation of a new city out of what used to be nothing more than a trading town - cardiff . 
  without the centralisation it brought many of the reforms to welfare and cultural heritage we hold dear may not have been formed . 
  wales is a nation , with it 's own culture and language . 
  while technically not a country in the sense that it 's not independent , on a message board asking about stereotypes i say fuck it . 
  we get just as many stereotypes as true countries so why not . 
  that the welsh are short ... our average height is 5 ' 11 '' , the uk average is 5 ' 10 '' ... 
  aye , the leader of plaid cymru at the time , gwynfor evans , almost killed himself via hunger strike simply to get s4c , a welsh language channel . 
  one of the few people to take her on in a battle of will and come out on top . 
  one of the turrets it actually aimed at this service station out of town , so if you were allowed to fire live ammunition , you 'd delete that place from the map !, 
  i do n't actually know how she 's perceived there ... is she a positive figure in n ireland ? 
  you from the south by any chance ? 
  i remember regularly burning mock ups of maggie on bonfire night .
