  it was like a community bonding event . 
  individual words in welsh can sound weird if you want to make them sound weird . 
  to really hear welsh , listen to a song . 
  our mutations mean that the words flow into one another like a river . 
  it 's our coping mechanism . 
  if we actually sat around and did n't try to normalise the thousands of deaths we 'd lose our minds . 
  the same happened with the 7/7 bombings and the ira . 
  r/wales is pretty good , has a friendly vibe and regularly discuss all sorts of topics from politics to people asking about where to visit . 
  only issue is the fact that despite having  6,000 subs , it feels like an echo chamber with only about 10 % ( if that ! ), 
  actually commenting and posting , with the rest just lurking and not inputting :(, 
  most people i know of have got a wedding ring of welsh gold , sometimes in a celtic knot fashion . 
  the gold we get out of the hills here is i believe one of the most expensive precious metals there is , it 's pretty damn rare !, 
  jewels are seen as tacky mostly , but emeralds with gold/bronze rings are seen as pretty beautiful and i know of at least 2 couples which got them in the local area . 
  in wales at least , younger people want to flock to cardiff for a job while london is seen as a behemoth monstrosity full of people convincing themselves they are n't sad . 
  more like : they did n't see us as an enemy with all the anti english feeling at that time . 
  aah , i think this is an england only thing . 
  in wales there are bins everywhere , but then the ira only bombed england . 
  the english . 
  it seems they think it 's a-okay to come into our nation and shit all over our language and culture ; tourist season is a nightmare . 
  scots : top lads irish : top lads n irish : top lads northern english : top lads southern english : spawn of satan cornish : england 's welsh people / top lads breton : france 's welsh people / onion sellers french : lovely people but could n't organise a piss up in a brewery, 
  hedd wyn , twin town , how green is my valley, 
  yeah , i noticed after i 'd posted . 
  i realised it was n't relevant anymore , but i thought it would still be good enough to keep around . 
  we 're taught about them in wales , got ta love that england-centric education system . 
  too bad it just inspires scary levels of nationalism in the current younger generations . 
  the saxons who pulled off the first night of the long knives back when britain still belonged to the britons . 
  invited briton lords and chiefs to a feast , broke bread with them and then murdered them . 
  to this day the worst insult in welsh is ` saes ' ( saxon ) . 
  welsh and english fluently . 
  currently doing japanese in uni , fairly competent at it . 
  would n't mind learning korean or german . 
  everyone here with your stripes and tricolours , now for a proper flag !, 
  y [ ddraig goch ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/flag_of_wales_2.svg/830px-flag_of_wales_2.svg.png ) comes from a collection of mythical tales involving the red dragon of wales/the britons . 
  the first tale , from the mabinogion has the dragon battling an invading white dragon , the shrieks of which caused widespread disaster such as : crops failing , rivers flooding the land and women miscarrying . 
  the heroes manage to capture the dragons not through force of arms , but by tricking them with mead and burying them in dinas emrys ( merlin 's city ) on eryri , wales ' highest peak . 
  the dragons again come into myth when the then king of the britons/cymry attempts to build a castle on dinas emrys , but every night the walls are destroyed and must be rebuilt . 
  on the 3rd day the workers refuse to build again , and so the king turns to his advisers , who tell him to sacrifice a boy with no natural father ( i.e. 
  not human ) and pour the blood onto the ground . 
  his men find such a boy , who introduces himself as myrddin ( merlin ) and dismisses the advisers ' words as the stuff of the devil . 
  after putting the advisers to death , the king follows myrddin 's advice to excavate the hillside , as there would be a pool deep beneath the mountain with 2 great warriors battling eternally inside . 
  lo and behold upon excavating they find the dragons sleeping , locked in combat . 
  as they wake for another day of combat they fly into the sky , where the red dragon mortally wounds the larger white dragon . 
  myrddin informs the king that the red dragon symbolised the britons , and the white the heathen saxons . 
  he also prophesised that a hero would soon be born , his soul tied with the dragon , named penddraig ( king of kings ; draig also can be translated as king ) or in english ; pendragon i.e. 
  the dragon would be used by henry tudor , the welsh king of england and featured alongside the english lion on the coat of arms . 
  he overlayed the dragon onto the green and white of the tudor house to form the flag we use today . 
  welsh and english . 
  fluent in both . 
  yep . 
  not born but bred welsh . 
  we do n't shag sheep . 
  guys , please , no more . 
  wow , i never thought any other country would be as odd as us :p our saying comes from the sound the walking sticks tapping on the roof !, 
  diolch / thanks < 3, 
  * it 's raining old women with sticks !, 
  * it 's easy to be brave behind castle walls !, 
  * the old know and the young suppose * segurdod yw clod y cledd . 
  * the sword 's honour is its idleness * rhoi ' r ffidil yn y to . 
  * put the fiddle in the roof * ( to give up ) n\u00e2d i ` th dafod dorri dy wddf . 
  * let not your tongue break your neck * cyw a fegir yn uffern , yn uffern y myn fod . 
  * a chick reared in hell will want to remain in hell * cenedl heb iaith yw cenedl heb galon . 
  * a nation without a language is a nation without a heart * we have a lot of sayings ... 
  probably should have spent more time fending off the normans and less writing witty one liners . 
  officially : the welsh dragon ( y ddraig goch ) , feathers of the prince of wales . 
  unofficially : burning summer home cottages , mecha sheep a la voltron . 
  the parts of the british isles that are n't england ; rep. of ireland , n. ireland , scotland and wales . 
  come and give us a little love , we love tourists and their money !, 
  ( dear god , help our economy , please ! ), 
  inaccurate : we bugger sheep accurate : we ca n't organise a piss up in a brewery croeso i gymru !, 
  seems like the way we 're taught y gymraeg is the same as you then . 
  rammed down our throats and then you only realise that you 've fallen in love with the language * after * you finish school and use it of your own accord ... 
  * wales having vietnam style flashbacks of the past 900 years *, 
  why not welsh ?!, 
  we 're not a big language and it 's not nearly as difficult to learn as it gets slagged off to be . 
  plus if you have some sort of stem degree and know welsh , you 're pretty much 100 % going to get a job in wales !, 
  that we try to summon c'thulu with our demon language every time we speak . 
  ( wales ), 
  native : english fluent : welsh conversational : japanese 3 languages with bugger all to do with each other . 
  / s but they 're the only britons that matter , right ? 
   inherited the title of britain up until the 18/19th century , the welsh language was called ` british ' and wales remains the de jure inheritor of the post roman british kingdom in both history and culture . 
  for wales , it may be henry iv . 
  he crushed any hope for peaceful co-existence between the welsh and english . 
  his predecessor , richard ii had wanted to bring the two closer together . 
  henry iv 's reign saw the welsh made secondary class citizens , banned from holding any important offices and banning the language from courts of law . 
  an enormous revolt occurred , led by the legendary figure owain glyndwr , but was put down after 15 years . 
  this coming from a fellow student and someone on the fence over which is morally right . 
  do n't listen to a speech from boris johnson . 
  both sides are full of shit , but that guy is just ... be careful what you believe from both sides . 
  especially as a student , this is going to effect both of our lives possibly until we 're 6 feet under . 
  either that or a militant baker, 
  do you consider the largest economic and military power in the world at this time developed ? 
  * hi fives across the channel *, 
  for most important , i would say 30 years war , napoleonic wars and the world wars stand out . 
  every country has their own defining ones though , e.g. 
  80 years war for the dutch and great northern war for sweden . 
  i mean , less the ` value their culture ' and more ` have a historically ingrained distrust for outsiders due to their collectivist culture ' . 
  do you ... do you not know what race is ? 
  and that 's what you said after the vietnam war . 
  the point is that when that many wars and then 2 world wars are fought on your soil , with that much blood soaked into the earth , most people just want an end to pointless fighting . 
  we mainly remember november 11th .
