fdp was mostly because they had similar thing as pp but were pro gmo ( which i am myself and no other party is pro gmo which is fucking stupid ) . 
  ndp just has typical pro social propaganda ( which is only populistic but has no merits on its own ) . 
  other parties like greens or left have too many stupid ideas , like anti gmo , pro '' \u00f6ko '' , female quotas and other social justice bullshit , pro immigration and much more . 
  no party actually reflects my position so none of them are actually electable for me . 
  npd was like 65 % and fdp was 67 %, 
  i would have also voted for pirate party but i missed the election like an idiot haha . 
  on the other hand doing the wahl-o_mat gave me only 50 % with pp , highest npd ( which does n't count and fdp ( which i 'd never vote for ) . 
  no party actually has a plan i think . 
  thanks !, 
  i know the country exists , but i am really bad with south eastern european countries . 
  i can tell you where croatia and bosnia is but that 's pretty much it . 
  ( oh and bulgaria , because i was in all 3 of them ), 
  you rock , country above greece i have no idea about !, 
  i like to stay in doors and only go outside if i have to . 
  when i leave my house i ca n't go without my mp3 player or my phone to blast music in my ears so i do n't have to hear the noise around me . 
  my neighbors annoy the shit out of me by just talking or walking on the floor and producing noise . 
  i do n't go to bars , clubs or other social events . 
  the only people i am around with are my coworkers at work , some of my friends sometimes and my parents when i stay at their place . 
  i basically hate people . 
  southern europe seems like a horrible place ... 
  must be the uralic language then . 
  i had to read the comments to understand what was so special about this image . 
  apparently something about not socializing . 
  seems pretty normal to me . 
  so they are like the raf ? 
   afa as someone living in germany and having delt in and with antifa in the past 10 years ive seen bad and good people . 
  ironically the last antifa project i was part of was attacked by kurdish street thugs , known to beat grannies and rob them , attack random passengers and the likes . 
  some of those people were the guys throwing rocks at police etc. 
  i never was part of any of this , never liked antifa at demonstrations . 
  i am left by all means of the word , but the main reason i was in contact with them was the music scene . 
  ive never heard about crazy shit like molotov cocktails though, 
  hey i think i was in dubrovnik once . 
  it sounds familiar at least ( must have been 10 years ago though ) also do n't watch got, 
  yeah , it 's not that i have n't heard of the crazy muslims in europe before . 
  i just never met one , so they ca n't be that common ( and i live in the capitol ) . 
  the most religious muslim i knew was a 50 year old afghan man who came to germany in the 70s and likes to smoke lots of weed . 
  he came across more like a suffi than any of the other versions . 
  he obviously believed in all sorts of crazy stuff ( was an old earth creationist , believed in telepathic prayer and healing etc. ) . 
  but he was totally benign and friendly . 
  i loved talking about things with him , he spoke 5 languages and worked as a translator a while . 
  he hated america but would never do anything violent about it , just boycott wearing jeans and anything american/israeli . 
  but he also hated iran and saudi arabia , and jihadists . 
  i have no problem with muslims like him in germany , even if he has cooky ideas , he was overall friendly , non-violent and tolerant . 
   personally i think people who want to be governed by sharia law do n't belong in europe . 
  yeah i agree with that , but i do n't like this alarmist view of the muslims gon na take over . 
  all the muslims i 've met in my life , however religious , just wanted to live in peace on their own . 
  oh yeah having 800k refugees will totally tip the political needle to sharia in a country of 80million . 
  i mean 800k is like 0,1 % of the population , and lets say 50 % of those want sharia law , that 's a whole 0,05 % of the population who will totally implement sharia law !!!!, 
  shit call the military we got ta deport them right now !, 
  holding believes is one thing , acting on them is another . 
  we have enough people in germany who think homosexuality is bad , and other such things , but we do n't kick em out . 
  i honestly believe the refugees need help , and anyone decent is obliged to offer them help . 
  they are our fellow men and women who deserve a suffering free life like anyone else . 
  however , if they start acting on their bigoted believes in germany , or anywhere else something has to be done . 
  maybe deport them if they really ca n't behave themselves , but at least do something to prevent them from causing harm . 
  they are victims and should n't victimize others . 
  that is my stance . 
  no germany on that list . 
  i am safe . 
  i am not a fan of the anti-asylum people , but i do n't want any sharia law folks here or anywhere else on this world . 
  if they can not behave themselves , they can go back and fight together with isis because apparently they are not better . 
  pls leave gema shill, 
  i would go with wonstag instead of wun , i think it sounds better and is also more in line with mon don son won etc. 
  fucking catholics . 
  can we like change it back ? 
  would totally want to . 
  at least your word sounds like finnish and that 's funny . 
  not even italy kept the latin name for saturday and went with the jewish/christian one . 
  though i guess england didnt go with that because of them being * filthy heathens * and church of england folks ? 
  why did the german drop the germanic wednesday and went with mittwoch ? 
   although homophobia is a problem amongst rural folk who are moving to the cities in large numbers thus making more liberal cities less liberal . 
  you do n't even need christianity to have that . 
  no one in my family is religious but i would say all of them are to at least some degree homophobic . 
  some more some only a little bit . 
  are n't they orthodox christians ? 
  i am not too familiar with orthodox christianity , but i have not heard too many bad things about it . 
  could be totally wrong though . 
  i mean , they make less bad headlines than the catholics or the american baptists . 
  as a german ( unless you are from the north and have never traveled ) this should remind you a lot of place in germany . 
  the strongholds , mountains etc. 
  reminded me of the alps etc. 
  really nice . 
  damn until i came into the comment sections i did n't even think of the american one . 
  in my head georgia = that country south of russia , and where stalin came from . 
  wow the world is a sad place . 
  because people in the 19th century could all read and write . 
  he married her with 6 but fucked her when she was 9 . 
  does n't make it better . 
  but you know , technicalities !, 
  mind blown . 
  what a great president . 
   right or left leaning it triggers me that you did n't write left or right , because this way right is left of left , and left is right of right . 
  mamma mia that 's a lot of fog, 
  thanks austria !, 
  pretty accurate, 
  lowest amount of migrants , highest hate for them . 
  also the top racist comments in this thread are usually also people from eastern europe , places with the lowest muslim migrant rate in all of europe.i think there is a connection . 
  ahh meckpom never change ... 
   because it 's a religion . 
  so is christianity .
