  osborne is an asset for the vote leave campaign . 
  hopefully the campaign will increasingly make clear the truth of eu 's federalist endgame , and if this gets out to the people enough , we are out of this mess . 
  makes total sense to be suspicious of an upper entity that rules you and you have no idea how it works . 
  because in reality , it 's opaque even when you do know how it works . 
  i think the original euractiv title is decent and accurate . 
  `` poll : majority of swedes want to leave eu in case of brexit '' http://www.euractiv.com/section/uk-europe/news/poll-majority-of-swedes-want-to-leave-eu-in-case-of-brexit/, 
  obviously it will be a talking point . 
  it wo n't decide the referendum though . 
  both mervyn king and jeremy corbyn have dismissed osborne 's numbers as what they are : absolute made-up bollocks . 
  keep on capitalising on blatant lies and let 's see how that works for the bse campaign . 
  for germany it includes down to the units , which is doubly weird . 
  it 's not a big deal so long as you do n't allow them to vote , eh ? 
  same goes for ireland by the way . 
  we have many treaties that pre-date the eu by several decades and they are not going to vanish . 
  if the eu pressurizes there they will find a lot of dissent inside and outside of the union . 
  both yours and the spectator 's are editorialised shite . 
  36 % vs 32 % of those who decided , yes . 
  a sufficient majority according to that poll . 
  yep , we should bring the eec back . 
  consumer protection via coordinated action and environmental issues are legit . 
  empire building , otoh , is divisive and puts everything else at risk . 
  it 's very unlikely that brexit would have any impact on those already in the uk . 
  it can potentially make it harder for new polish immigrants to come in the future , but that 's really all you can reasonably expect . 
  people already here would be given permanent work permits/visas . 
  it would exacerbate the economic disruption to suddenly illegalise hundreds of thousands of people with 2 years notice . 
  both sides need to be realistic with the potential scenarios . 
  coming to the uk ? 
  paddypower is giving out shite odds though . 
  so you are in the 32 % who 'd like sweden to remain after brexit ( as per the poll data ) . 
  i had no idea the eu had such little support in czechia . 
  takk fyrir to be fair i just swallowed the top answer in quora like hakarl with schnapps . 
  she 's only getting any press because of these sensational declarations . 
  normally nobody would know who the fuck is the `` student leader '' president of the nus , or care for that matter . 
  sorry mate , i did n't do that particular graph . 
  oy : population ox : year - 2000 sorted . 
  well , in iceland you read the sagas verbatim , so i guess you know better . 
  i 'm just providing what i had found on it . 
  nope , it 's not happening . 
  you 'd need over a decade of the current clusterfuck to continue and nothing indicates they will allow that . 
  see the deal with turkey for instance . 
  it 's even unlikely that migrants from these areas will come at the same rate past a million or two , and they wo n't all stay in germany . 
  you 'd need many millions of migrants to overcome the current demographic regression in germany for the next couple of decades . 
  https://www.quora.com/werent-vikings-just-pirates  the word viking comes from vikingr , which literally means `` pirate '' , `` raider '' or `` freebooter '' . 
  another important topic modbombed out of visibility . 
  it will happen all the same . 
  just like god intended . 
  i find these arguments very contradictory . 
  surely muslims simply show respect differently to women . 
  if you have no problem with muslims legislating and representing your people , then surely focusing on superficial gestures like this is just stupid . 
  the referendum is state-wide . 
  let 's stop pretending these regions matter more than their weight in the uk . 
  for now https://i.imgur.com/evhty25.png, 
  they do send a lot of money back home though . 
  wow , that 's disgusting . 
  mirror-less source ( the horse 's mouth ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwm4k0i-7ea, 
  til greece is catholic and malta is in latin america . 
  good luck with the referendum on that platform . 
  it would have been easier to enumerate the things you do n't hate :-) good post though . 
  i commend them for their good intentions as indeed the eu has already gone way too far , but we do n't identify with these currents . 
  the uk is rather globalist in its mentality , which is the main and probably only major difference we have with the dutch . 
  otherwise , a remarkably similar people to the british people and concretely the english people . 
   coming from the land of queens and lords , that 's rich , really . 
  when is the referendum for leaving the kingdom ? 
  people really should do some research on the uk 's representative democracy before mouthing off . 
  the uk and the eu are really on opposite ends of the `` democratic '' spectrum when it comes to accountability . 
  not that i intend to start this debate from the beginning with every random redditor . 
  there 's the argument that the uk is the main brake against a certain kind of political change . 
  the uk often votes with the netherlands , denmark and sweden on budgetary issues . 
  without the uk , the balance of power moves decidedly towards a certain set of philosophies and the eu can move in that direction . 
  i posted about these votes and policies this morning : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4fmvib/uks_waning_voice_in_the_eu/ there are times that the uk can marginally stop the `` eurocore '' on some issues . 
  remove the uk and things like financial regulation will certainly change , as will levels of spending , scope of budgets and some other eu-level legislation ( some would say `` red-tape '' ) . 
  or maybe they do more than we think ? 
  they want what 's best for us . 
  love them frogs . 
  good . 
  scrap it and everybody 's happy . 
  yep and i went tame there , there 's also `` bremainiac '' . 
  this is not on offer and wo n't be in the foreseeable future . 
  we have always found ourselves rather lonely in trying any sort of deeper reforms . 
  voting bremain now means voting for the current eu . 
  a completely different eu starts from leaving this one . 
  we do n't have this excuse . 
  we can now see what the eu are planning and what dodgy dave and others are selling to us , and we can see it 's completely different . 
  this is why i 'm convinced that , if this whole debate becomes honest , we are definitely going out . 
  the british public by and large abhors the eu federal superstate plan . 
  we use that in several levels in the uk . 
  we call it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/additional_member_system and it 's used locally in scotland , wales and london . 
  we know the pros and cons of each of the three mentioned systems - we use proportional for eu meps - and we prefer fptp . 
  i can see the theoretical advantage of a preferential system like alternative voting . 
  but it 's probably too complex . 
  [ we had a referendum about that in 2011 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_alternative_vote_referendum,_2011 ) . 
  the british public is relatively very well informed about voting systems , as far as you can reasonably expect a general electorate to read up on voting theory . 
  actually no , there are polls across the whole island of ireland which is all in the eu for now . 
  anyway , as i said before i 'm utterly bored of this particular convo so i 'm ignoring it . 
  in case of ambiguity , definitely you should say us or usa or whatever rather than america . 
  it 's seldom confusing though . 
  yep , certainly did n't help his own case . 
  gordon brown was so much better . 
  for the issue at hand . 
  impact of brexit .
