  the eu changed too much during the 90s that you could possibly have covered anything like your son 's workbook . 
  it 's also a safe prediction that your grandchildren will be learning something completely different . 
  that 's a crazy stereotype . 
  spanish students spend a lot of time on their computer and maybe doing some sports . 
  also , going out to cafes and restaurants often is way too expensive for the average student in most of the continent . 
  edit : upvoted because it 's interesting to know this stereotype, 
  actually most of spain looks more like this than like southern spain . 
  ladder industry . 
  there 's a lot of that in the pigs too . 
  the amount of people working `` informally '' is quite substantial , and it 's culturally accepted . 
  so they generally do n't need to hide it to make business locally . 
  in the uk we have zero-hour contracts . 
  these are not as bas as they sound , the problem is that many of these people are getting much fewer hours than they desire . 
  there should be a clearer figure to understand the degree of need some people are into . 
  there 's also many people receiving benefits to complement their otherwise completely insufficient wages . 
  as with many other europeans , you see trade deals as a zero-sum game . 
  this is not generally how it works , and precisely because we do n't operate in the same way we 're better outside of a us-eu comprehensive deal that will no doubt include clauses to protect certain markets of the eu completely departed from our interests . 
  the closest there is are reports of farage or someone else saying something negative about the eu . 
  there are no arguments for brexit . 
  note that when something pro-brexit is reported , it 's preceded by a `` someone says : '' form every single time . 
  on the other hand , there are disgraceful conjectures like `` does eu membership bring # 1tn to the uk ? '', 
  put next and in the same form to `` brexit : do migrants put pressure on nhs ? '', 
  which is a verifiable fact . 
  corbyn says the exact opposite to that - `` not too high '' . 
  good job looking for a pro-brexit article , but there is none . 
  we are not against the us and we do n't intend to . 
  they are our strongest allies . 
  we are a lot more likely to have conflicts of interest and of view with the eu than with the us . 
   well , you have been on paper but there has never been a risk of you having to pay money . 
   this will keep happening and we have a weakened position to refuse it from inside the eu . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/15/european-commission-proposes-using-uk-contributions-towards-greek-bailout  how so ? 
  we ca n't import produce from the commonwealth and african countries because we are in a club with tariffs to protect its members . 
  with cars and equipment , we are also protecting other markets . 
  our approach is largely less protectionist than that of most of the eu , so we mostly pay the cost for it without benefitting from it . 
  we will sort it out in our parliament and with our mps . 
  thanks for your concerns , though . 
  we are made to belong to certain `` stability mechanisms '' and we have to limit our trade quite drastically to help certain countries of the eu . 
  there 's also the very significant tribute we need to pay to belong in the eu with almost no real say in it . 
  they also highlight that , but certainly they highlight how people do make a distinction on countries , and even in a deeper sense , the nationality of people - most certainly germans generally do . 
  in the long term it 's all guesswork and everybody knows that . 
  personally i think long term i 'd rather not be economically in the eu because it looks doomed , but to be completely honest it 's not the most important part of the deal to me . 
  i love these threads . 
  they highlight how failed and dysfunctional this federal eu idea is . 
  haha . 
  upvoted for your honesty , not that i agree in the slightest . 
  these people help the brexit case with their ignorance . 
  i do n't think they are a majority here though . 
  that 's just untrue . 
  check the british press . 
  scaremongering is solidly on one side , and some of the so-called impartial press like the bbc are the worst . 
  no , not really . 
  the brexit side focuses on the regained sovereignty and the money we would n't need to tribute to brussels , but admitting trade would be disrupted in the short term and this will be an economic hit . 
   but of course they ca n't accept the fact that economically it 's a bad idea because then they 'll lose the referendum i do n't know about that . 
  i 'm pretty convinced that , short-term , it will be disruptive . 
  iain duncan smith , gove , bojo , they all have accepted as much . 
  is this all about short-term cash for you ? 
  the greater question is a lot deeper and more important . 
  i wo n't be a collaborationist to this eu . 
  let 's come together . 
  right now , oh yeah . 
  in sweet harmony . 
  cameron needs to plan his next move as he wo n't run again . 
  he must have something in mind - he announced he wo n't run again some time ago . 
  or maybe they will . 
  especially turkish cyprus . 
  hopefully it wo n't be our problem 2 years after june 23rd . 
  exactly . 
  the idea of a federal us of europe is a desperate attempt to challenge the usa . 
  in the uk a lot of us find this a stupid idea as we consider the us as a much closer ally and brotherly nation than those of the continent . 
  not the greatest fan of thatcher but she nailed it : ` all the problems in my lifetime have come from continental europe , all the solutions have come from the english-speaking world ', 
  yep he did . 
  they are expected to say that , but obviously cameron would be gone in no time . 
  not in the brexit referendum though . 
  or in the greek referendum he completely failed to listen to . 
  no they do n't . 
  plenty of people are betting for it . 
  http://i.imgur.com/x48csm6.png also , note that wanting brexit and expecting brexit are completely different things . 
  i just happen to both want brexit , and currently expect it . 
  i put plenty on it and i got decent odds . 
  this comment nails it : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/video/2016/apr/15/yanis-varoufakis-eu-owen-jones-video-interview#comment-72397521  after everything the eu has done to his country , which he personally failed to prevent , he still promotes the eu ? 
  yanis is both a failure a traitor to his country . 
  the greek fiasco highlighted the punitive , blackmailing and undemocratic face of the eu . 
  i can not take this guy seriously in defending this governance model . 
  what did it mean that oxi won by a landslide all across greece ? 
  this man is a farce . 
  plenty of people are betting for it . 
  hawaii was forcefully colonised and assimilated by a foreign power . 
  to be honest i expected that . 
  but for whatever reason he did n't . 
  extremely contradicting point of view . 
  he wants to `` democratise '' the uk by preventing a particular political current he opposes from getting to power despite of clearly winning the elections . 
  for this guy , democracy happens only when his option wins . 
  this man 's world-view is definitely american . 
  in the uk he 's in a tiny minority within the `` bangladeshi british '' ( which itself is an odd thing to say over here and you 'd rarely hear it ) . 
  call me cynical , but i think it 's an affected posture to sell books . 
  nope , i 'm just tired of wasting my time . 
  yeah but that does n't work because purchasing power parity just can not be gamed like that . 
  countries with higher ppp are effectively richer countries and other than by currency manipulation , their prices show this extra liquidity in prices . 
  poor countries in terms or ppp are countries where having a comfortable minimum wage makes unemployable a lot of people . 
  other than that , minimum wages already work like this roughly .
