  the red tape around it might need some simplification though . 
  in short : https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjwhbfdfxiu/imkfjonnzo48/v1/-1x-1.png, 
  older is relative . 
  canada belongs to the commonwealth , which gives them political continuity from colonial times . 
  in the uk , you hear about republic of ireland regularly . 
  in spain , it 's like portugal did n't exist other than footballers . 
  it 's kind of strange . 
  it 's probably different near the border but i do n't know these areas so well . 
   only nordic people have the right to disregard finland as non-nordic/scandinavian !, 
  disregard ? 
  not sure why it would be considered like this . 
  finland is special and unique in north-east europe . 
  maybe the press nordics/scandinavians get is so positive , people just want to be part of it ? 
  maybe that 's why people just downvote :-)  but i reckon you are familiar with the all 6 nordic countries , their history and culture to make this distinction ? 
   i do know denmark and iceland quite well . 
  i 've been to all of them but i do n't think i 'm an expert ( including the faroes , which i think most scandinavians never visit ) . 
  i do n't speak fluently any of their local languages for starters . 
   language is a very valid reason , and that is the main reason what makes finland unique to other nordic countries . 
  language is huge for culture and affects almost everything . 
  so yeah , other than the main feature , it 's a lot like sweden i guess ? 
  which could be said to some degree of the baltics as well . 
  it does look very familiar over there , especially in the countryside . 
  they are nonetheless close cousins . 
  must take into account the germanic roots of sweden , denmark and norway . 
  and after gibraltar go ~ 1700 km south-west . 
  oh , it said balearic islands before so it did n't make any sense . 
  just a mistake apparently . 
  english dominates almost every corner of the uk , and has done for centuries . 
  ok , i 've seen wine labelled like that so i assumed it was somewhere . 
  still , the language is drastically distinct compared to the main languages of the others . 
  this has cultural repercussions . 
  i noticed albari\u00f1o is not in the map . 
  not sure where in galicia it is . 
  also , there 's decent wine in the canary islands these days ( tacoronte ) . 
  adding some stuff i googled over time : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2qjpcc/map_of_spains_dialects/ `` th '' sound map : http://i.imgur.com/ajrpjns.png ceceo ( z/ce = s = `` thz '' ) vs seseo ( z/ce = s = `` s '' ) vs distinction of both sounds ( andalusia ) : http://i.imgur.com/sepacbl.png wine map : http://i.imgur.com/dzpdl06.png political map ( 2016 ) : http://i.imgur.com/r8obump.png beer map : http://i.imgur.com/me2rrcv.png edit : dorada in the canary islands car map ( most sold make ) : http://i.imgur.com/kktmjec.png, 
  the normans were a germanic tribe , so really close cousins to the nordic , and even closer to angles , saxons and jutes ( all of these tribes were mostly from today 's denmark ) . 
  most of england had a big influx of jutes from northern denmark and the north and scotland had significant norse settlements . 
  the thing with the normans is that they remained a tiny minority despite being in power . 
  so there 's a larger influence in the language and politics than in any other respect . 
  another country that is a bit in-between is the netherlands . 
  down to the colonial period the uk resembled denmark and the netherlands a lot . 
  it 's true though . 
  only modern history sets us apart from these countries . 
  to be fair , finland is also a bit out of place culturally with the rest of these countries . 
  the whole of the uk had significant nordic influx , but you 're right we 're too mixed to be considered nordic . 
  also , our historical importance makes it more sensible to talk of our civilisation separately . 
  had we not succeeded in building an empire , and we 'd be considered partly germanic , partly nordic . 
  if i lived in a failed state i 'd also find it weird that other people do n't want to violently break down their own state . 
  keep calm and carry on usually works here . 
  wars are not to be waged internally . 
  it 's unreasonable to expect this to be sorted in just a few months . 
  give it a rest . 
  the standing on the doorway joke was valid while we failed to get a referendum for 20 + years since people started seriously calling for it . 
  we had it and guess what we voted . 
  it 's fine if you think sovereignty is retarded and if you think the uk 's system is atrocious . 
  you can stay where you are and leave our system to us . 
  first time i hear of that project instant success . 
  the bbc was on project fear non-stop . 
  agreed . 
  this is what a lot of people fail to understand . 
  more brexiters think brexit will be a short term financial hit than the other way around , but they still want brexit . 
  it 's our own government , so yeah . 
  do you prefer perennial foreign rule because you do n't trust a given government ? 
  there must be some to that . 
  however , if these separatists care more about the money then this is what they get . 
  the same would have been the case if we voted remain in the eu because of project fear ( which i 'm sure swayed a lot of people ) . 
  they have effectively no borders because of the eu . 
  however , they do n't have a single government with power over taxation , or the boe controlling their monetary policy . 
  so , not the same really . 
  if we 're going to be nitpicky , they 're both essentially non-countries . 
  a situation we 're fixing ourselves . 
  so , no border ? 
  because the eu has virtually eliminated these borders . 
  not a border like the one between poland and ukraine for instance . 
  maybe you are not old enough to remember about these . 
  not much of a border though . 
  but if you are happy believing that 's a proper border , then everybody is happy then . 
  good . 
  not the sort of contrast that warrants a border , though . 
  the scottish people seem to agree . 
  i do n't think the competition model works for tax . 
  yeah , americans also do it , but that does n't make it right or effective . 
  that 's more like a race to the bottom , especially for corporations that can move at will . 
  yep , in large areas of scotland it was quite close , glasgow and edinburgh made it a lot more decisive . 
  the people have spoken , i guess . 
  it really is n't even a middle-ground . 
  it evolved on its own from older radio broadcasts . 
  and what they speak is slightly reminiscent of announcers in races and events , which i assume is its main origin . 
  a lot like bookies and fishmongers speak in a very particular way that does n't resemble anything else . 
  we largely do n't agree to what kind of union we want with the rest of the eu , and that 's not about ireland which we are mostly in agreement with , but mainly central europe and their monolithic vision . 
  it 's like a marriage really . 
  not a flawed idea itself , but it may or may not work depending on the degree of harmony between the parties . 
  largest mandate ever in the uk , that 's how much a landslide it was . 
  it 's different like wales is different and areas of england are also different ( for instance cornwall ) . 
  like northern ireland is different , and the crown dependencies are as well . 
  and they are all different in slightly different ways . 
  scotland exists - within the uk . 
  personally i 'd vote out of nato , but the overwhelming majority of the country is pro nato . 
  there 's this thing called respecting the will of the people , something that remaniacs struggle with . 
  what can not be argued is that nato has a specific mandate and it stays within it , so it can not be revisited every few years because they passed a hundred amendments to it , like happens with the ever-growing eu .
