  what 's going on now in the uk is dishonest : selling a different model of eu in every country even if they are in deep contradiction . 
  at the end , one model will impose itself and the dissenting countries will have simply been conquered when they are too entangled to willingly leave . 
  for instance if we had made the mistake of joining the euro , we 'll now be in a very dire situation to leave . 
  the best for everybody is to have people know the reality of where things are leading to and where the eu is going . 
  then they can choose whether they want to take part in that or not . 
  also , `` federal '' needs to be explained . 
  people have a hazy idea of what this means . 
   i guess this is a continental conspiracy who travelled back in time to alter the past . 
  no , there have always been people in that boat . 
  even now there are some . 
  but they are a minority , and if you want proof of that you have to see how the bremain campaign keeps talking about `` reforming the eu from the inside '' and using `` federal europe '' as a derogatory term . 
  i 'm telling you this from the uk , trust me that this is the case . 
  i 'm bombarded with this idea of stopping federal europe and reforming the eu day and night in the press . 
  in 1973 that was the case too , and they traded more with the uk than they did with germany . 
  the reason is that the uk has become more of a service economy and denmark imports more in different sectors like manufacturing , that has shrunk in the uk relatively . 
  none of this was the point though . 
  yep , i know . 
  maybe you can reread my comment to see what i actually said . 
   brexiters have a level of denial of the reality worthy of a ostrich with it 's head in the ground . 
   the british wanted both a deeper trade relation and enlarge the eu to avoid federalism , that 's why you were the biggest supporters of eastern enlargement . 
   you say `` denial '' and then you repeat exactly what i said . 
   you wanted federal europe during the first referendum because already then it was included the motto of `` ever closer union '' as part of the remain campaign , and it was clear that it was n't just a market . 
  nope , you have n't followed british politics if you thought the british ever accepted that . 
  the uk , even now in the bremain camp , want to stop that . 
  you should be a brexiter if you oppose this resistance . 
  because if we stay , that 's what going to happen . 
   you would better ask the irish if they want to join , iirc they had some kind of problem with you , not sure why . . obviously not , which is why we do n't do it . 
  we respect their sovereignty . 
   yep , somehow eurosceptics whose main concern is destroying the eu ca n't reform it we wa n't to destroy the model of eu we oppose in favour of the model we support . 
  obviously . 
  but now it seems clear our model wo n't happen . 
  brexiters and eurofederalists both agree . 
  it 's bremainers and some over in the continent still in denial who think a multi-speed eu or a eu of the nations with lesser integration are possible . 
  to the contrary . 
  brexit will benefit europe . 
  he was out of line with his racist remarks . 
  the other bits are ok . 
  turkey makes sense for a trade deal like the one they have already . 
  this is more or less historically the level of integration in the eec the british wanted . 
  so it makes sense . 
  we never wanted federal europe . 
  for us that level of integration does n't make any sense further than ireland . 
  also , people largely do n't believe in it or want it . 
  however it 's true that there is no way that the eu reforms into anything remotely acceptable to us , so pretending it will like cameron does is braindead . 
  you give him too much credit . 
  cameron ca n't plan so far ahead . 
  if he could we would n't be in this mess by now . 
  can you look up and see who brought that up ? 
  and you talk about logical gymnastics . 
  if thatcher got one thing right was that federal europe was a real threat and that it could happen as a result of the common currency and a central bank accountable to nobody and most of all not to national parliaments - did n't look like it back then to most people . 
  she was absolutely bang on in this subject . 
  you are not becoming embarrassing , you are an embarrassment all along . 
  and just like with thatcher , you have started name-calling . 
   and no , i do n't care what she thinks , she 's dead after all , nobody cares anymore . 
  you seem to do . 
  apparently you do , seeing how you brought her up above in the first place . 
  correct , and we went from a trade union , the eec to a much deeper and wider integration with the eu . 
  so , absolutely not what thatcher wanted , no matter what you think about her . 
  strong arguments there , euroman . 
  should be , that 's what the eu is about . 
  i think you may be confused with nato . 
  the eu did n't even exist in the 80s , how old are you ? 
  nato makes all the sense . 
  more in the 80s than it does now , to be fair . 
  also in / r/uk https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4gfswp/boris_johnson_banned_from_taking_part_in_eu/, 
  sounds good . 
  hotels are n't quite so cheap - just checked - but it looks like a nice weekend . 
  she 's one of the candidates if bremain wins . 
  another one is osborne . 
  they 're both diabolical . 
  iain duncan smith removed himself and gove is probably a choice against bojo if brexit wins . 
  these four are the most likely next tory leader . 
  some people think cameron can carry on even if he loses the referendum . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think he 'd either resign immediately or lunch the tory leadership campaign straight away disappearing until it 's over . 
  makes sense , especially if the uk leave . 
  denmark left efta to join the eu following the uk , then their main trading partner . 
  currently , they 're usually in the same side of most decisions and they 'll be quite isolated with sweden and the netherlands . 
  possibly finland too . 
  they should n't be coerced into joining . 
  they should be propped up so that they have such a standard that joining is not an economic bribe but a choice based on principle . 
  if the eu ever makes it to that situation . 
  the eu pretty much helped destroy that area in the first place . 
  we have had a disgraceful foreign policy in recent times , especially under blair but also with cameron . 
  apparently cameron has now wised up about eastern expansion ( if you want to believe his rhetoric ) but the only way to sort out our situation is to leave the eu . 
  which is a disgrace anyway . 
  yep . 
  he 's a joke . 
  the only question is whether he 'd resign right away salmond style or maybe just launch the leadership contest early . 
  if that happens bojo is pretty likely in . 
  sounds pretty good , maybe you can pm me some hints ? 
  might just go solo one weekend to have a look . 
  it 's in my todo list . 
  looks ace . 
  just found out that wizz air goes from luton . 
  uhmm . 
  and this woman is in the `` remain '' campaign . 
  she 's the reverse corbyn ... playing along her political role but not very believable in this particular issue . 
  i do n't think this would be the case when the ecb stops the printing machine a bit , which will happen sooner or later . 
  there are also other factors at play , but essentially you can not see the effect of banks being close to croaking .
