  history checks out . 
  eastern europe need their own union and to start building their own power ( both economically and militarily through alliances and inside nato and/or bilateral pacts ) . 
  central europe will only ever take them as vassal states . 
  their old austro-hungarian view of an ideal europe . 
  it was short lived . 
  they were crushed afterwards . 
  seems they want their scheduled dosage of being put in their place . 
  germany ca n't run an empire . 
  it never could . 
  in their vision they want to be a reigning minority , forget about integrating into a bigger vision . 
  in frankfurt the first thing people ask is `` where are you from '' , in london it 's `` what do you do '' . 
  you guys are just small-minded , it 's cultural . 
  nothing wrong about that , but eventually you have to understand this is incompatible with a supposedly egalitarian union , and also unstable as the model for an empire . 
  a german-led european union will collapse in record time . 
  as the masks fall off , there will have to be a resolution to either break up the european union as we know it , or the germans stepping down , or social and economic collapse . 
   we 're committing sudoku . 
  wow man , sudoku . 
  you must be really bored over there in the continent , must be the lack of real problems , 
  it 's simply the masks falling off . 
  deep down many people knew what germany had in mind in the first place . 
  what they always did ever since the collapse of the austro-hungarian empire . 
  germany again showing that this european union has masters and servants . 
   and let 's not forget that muslims believe quran is the absolute last word of allah , and it can not be altered in any way . 
  so it 's not that easy to reform islam as it was possible for christianity or judaism . 
  there is only so much cherry-picking and mental gymnastics you can do with this religion . 
  therefore a lot of the more conservative muslims go with # 2 . 
  used to be the exact same with christianity and judaism ( and some small factions of that exact persuasion still exist to this day ) . 
  do you think he is trying to impress anybody ? 
  seems to me he just wants to promote french . 
  so there being no reason makes it pretentious ? 
  he put some picture about `` serbian chetniks '' being dwarvish drunks and croatian ushtash being tall , handsome ubermenschen . 
  why is it pretentious to write in french ? 
  i understand it can be annoying in an english speaking board , but pretentious ? 
  interestingly serbs are a good 5cm taller than croats in average . 
  they 're one of the tallest peoples in the world ( montenegrins are the tallest ) . 
  actually it 's pretty safe . 
  it 's safer than eastern ukraine has ever been for gay people , for instance . 
  the `` ethnic russian '' bit is a joke to be honest , i know plenty of `` ethnic ukrainians '' who speak mostly russian . 
  absolutely nobody cares if you speak russian except maybe in the countryside or in some radical enclaves . 
  to be fair , a lot of them do that eventually . 
  it 's a barge but i understood what he referred to as a floaties . 
  you 'll see that the british isles are all in the continental plaque . 
  in ice ages we are connected all the way from france to denmark :-) http://i.imgur.com/jfjqpr9.jpg but if i had to choose i 'd prefer we would n't be considered european for any reason . 
  nah we 're stuck in continental europe , but yep i hope we can follow the norwegian example and stay out of the eu . 
  i 'd say either continental europe or eu . 
  that area is neither . 
  the far east of russia is not in europe . 
  it does but if we raise the interest rate as it 's likely to happen around xmas , we wo n't be causing a credit crunch in any other nations . 
  it will be an internal policy which wo n't affect others . 
  when the euro transition happened , the euribor rates were set to match the economy of germany that was in a moderate depression . 
  some countries in europe were growing healthily at the time , including greece , ireland , portugal , spain , italy . 
  these sudden low rates caused a massive asset bubble in those countries and now they are ravaged with debt that has been socialised in most cases . 
  this is a huge mess . 
  due to the lack of limits and regulations for internal insolvency , the creditor can harass and blackmail the debtor without any limits , which by any logic is vicious . 
  to balance creditor and debtor responsibilities , both need limits . 
  there are no limits for the creditor and things that were supposed to be illegal like the threat of expulsion are happening . 
  without record , without any checks and balances and in secret close door negotiations between countries that are very unequal in strength and influence . 
  it 's in the interests of some to make it look like a problem or `` the south '' but in reality most of the eurozone is in an extremely delicate situation . 
  it just does n't fit the stereotypes and the agenda of some . 
  the uk is also in debt but we do n't need to worry about the imbalances our monetary policy can cause in different nations . 
  the euro 's monetary policy always benefits some and hurts some and they are different nations that do n't identify with each other . 
  in times of crisis this is political poison . 
  imo monetary union is more likely to create a conflict than it is to unify the european union . 
  countries that can control their own currency have fared much much better through the international crises of late than those without . 
  and i include germany in this consideration as the euro has been steered to fit germany 's economy and it 's really a deutsche mark reloaded ( and i do n't mean any of that negatively ) . 
  levels of private debt in germany are nowhere close to those of the netherlands . 
  take a peek at dutch mortgages . 
  it 's a disaster waiting to happen . 
  their situation is similar to that of spain before they started socialising their debt . 
  similarly the uk is northern . 
  about as western as spain in terms of projecting towards the americas and having a western mindset . 
  spain , portugal and the uk more so than france or germany . 
  after the greek fiasco a lot of people who were solidly for the eu are against now ( including myself ) . 
  i do n't see why belgium would join germany 's new bloc , they are knee deep in debt and need a devaluation of their debt as much as france , italy or spain . 
  was this done with skin tone map or thinking in economic terms ? 
  netherlands are also deep in debt , just private instead of sovereign . 
  they are also in dire need of adjusting . 
   i think people tie it more with ~ ~ culture ~ ~ false stereotypes , xenophobia and political agendas within the eu , than with geography . 
  fixed it there for you . 
   procession hopefully you meant processing : - /, 
  the bit that it 's missing is that it saved mainly french and german banks from the domino effect . 
  it 's sold as a bail-out of greece . 
  it 's not even a bail-out of greek banks mainly . 
  for greece it 's a disaster . 
  my mistake . 
  not sure how i missed that but i did . 
  also in ft ( paywalled ) : http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e90a080e-107b-11e6-91da-096d89bd2173.html http://uatoday.tv/politics/germany-to-present-e-u-joint-army-project-642192.html, 
  definitely . 
  i think the odds on leave are way high and it 's a good bet right now . 
  yes , it is necessary . 
  when you ethnically cleanse an area like it continues to happen in crimea right now , then obviously the result of a possible future referendum is predictable . 
  it will take 3-4 generations after they have retreated from ukraine including crimea . 
  so , probably never . 
  does n't sound very federalistic does it . 
  `` the brits '' - nice bit of xenophobia . 
  so euro-progressive . 
  that 's basically assuming that the greek are untermenschen who are better off governed by a foreign power simply because they can not run their own currency . 
  let them make that decision with the question asked clearly . 
  have you read the article ? 
  i 'm not accusing of anything , the eu is seemingly doing just that .
