  it 's almost as if by design it worked this way . 
  in order to make it profitable for private businesses to compete with free , it 's necessary that the free-at-the-point-of-use service is n't * too good * . 
  for which you have to [ starve the beast ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/starve_the_beast ) . 
  jeremy hunt [ co-authored a book ] ( http://www.douglascarswell.com/downloads/upload13.pdf ) explaining how to undermine public services like the nhs and also public schooling . 
  creating a competitive environment is a very delicate thing to do with things like healthcare . 
  sick people , like little children , are not in a realistic position to bargain and negotiate against massive corporations . 
  this makes these businesses very `` special '' . 
  yes , but wild rabbits had been severely reduced prior to that already , together with the local partridge species . 
  both from hunting and from the reduction of the scrubland . 
  unsurprising with dodgy dave in power . 
  hopefully this will change soon enough . 
  their policy on conquered land . 
  actually similar to that of the austro-hungarian empire in regions close to german-speaking areas . 
  judging by their subsequent trends , french speakers would have likely been eradicated from the area by the 1940s . 
  it 's important to note that the big numbers are mostly those of the [ eurasian lynx ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_lynx ) , which is not an endangered species . 
  the [ iberian lynx ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iberian_lynx ) is a different story . 
  it has been pushed by the reduction of its habitat and its prey due to human development . 
  i do n't think so , but this is / r/europe not / r/eu, 
  not sure why you are replying to me though :-) i 'm loving the racist tears . 
  also in uae , qatar , kuwait , saudi arabia . 
  all of them quite affluent these days . 
  one of my coworkers is muslim and voted for goldsmith . 
  religion only ever entered the conversation around here in the late campaign by goldsmith and i think it was a big mistake on his part . 
  people do n't like that sort of nasty politics in london . 
  i 'm pro-brexit myself but i do n't think this is relevant in the choice between khan or goldsmith . 
  the mayor will be the mayor regardless of brexit or bremain . 
  ukraine 's fa logo looks a bit like wilson from cast away . 
  i think it will be a long process , like having a truly united europe and world if it ever happens . 
  haha what a thread . 
  if it 's any consolation , here in london we do n't have this behaviour . 
  this is why khan has won comfortably despite muslims only making up for some 12 % of the population . 
  the reality is that people over here do n't really care about this , but in continental europe there are many areas where a lot of work is needed . 
  also in some areas of the uk . 
  not really , he has a hefty margin . 
  9 % is plenty of margin . 
  there will be no change . 
  this is business as usual here . 
  we do n't care if the mayor is muslim like khan or jewish like goldsmith . 
  i think he will be good . 
  london is around 12 % muslim . 
  having said that , there is no fuss . 
  there 's fuss abroad , in london we are fine with whatever religion the mayor professes provided he 's a decent mayor . 
  yes , it 's not terrible but it could be better . 
  the logical thing would be for most residents to be bilingual , or at least for those born and raised in wales . 
  sound advice , except for the fashion bit . 
  obama said much more , but go on and pretend he did n't . 
  we will have to cope with short term turbulence if we do manage to leave the eu . 
  i hope we have to face this problem . 
  no , obviously not a threat . 
  we do n't want this to happen . 
  man , wise up . 
  our relationship with france on border control is rock solid , all banter aside . 
   pretty sure you already do . 
  nah there 's just a cursory check since 2015 . 
  we do n't fully stop traffic or register people and vehicles - this only happens exceptionally . 
  if the channel is flooded with illegal migrants we 'll have to do that permanently , disrupting communications and trade . 
  no offence , but these countries are not france . 
  france and the uk have the best military and police of europe . 
  turkey is looking very progressive these days . 
  or the press are reporting more . 
  not sure which . 
  not sure why do you assume i do n't think it 's a serious situation . 
   if you think the uk can sit there and expect everyone else to stop the million migrants that want to get to the uk , while being swamped themselves , you 're in for a rude awakening . 
  we do as much as we can . 
  we pressurize the schengen members not to do anything crazy but we can not do any more than that as we do n't belong to it . 
   has that struck you as true in the last few years ? 
  because a lot of those countries are practising their sovereignty and completely ignoring that obligation . 
  it 's their right , right ? 
   no , they signed to it . 
  we did n't sign to it because we knew we did n't want to be bound by it . 
   so if france ever decides that it does n't really care about policing the channel crossing for the uk , you would n't mind at all would you ? 
  that would be destructive for both parties . 
  mind you , if the eu continues to collapse to incompetent governance and the blackmail from the turk , the result will be the same : we will have to stop the traffic and reinstate full passport controls in folkestone . 
  not according to our negotiations . 
  if they allow them in the channel it will disrupt both of us . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but neither the uk nor france want to impede our strong collaboration and communications . 
  it matters , but we have no say either way . 
  the uk opposes the deal but it 's not involved in the negotiations . 
  if france can not control their side of the border then we 'll have to stop the traffic across the channel and that will affect both countries . 
  i do hope the french continue to police their side of the border sensibly . 
  you are talking about splitting spain , supposedly within the eu . 
  that simply does n't fly . 
  you seem intent in derailing the topic to the uk which is not involved in this deal and is out of schengen . 
  if france stopped doing controls it would force us to stop the traffic in the channel disruption our traffic both ways . 
  it 's not in either france 's or the uk 's interest for them to do that . 
  being a schengen country they are by the way bound to keep their side of the border in order , since we are not in schengen . 
  they gave us the stupid one . 
  they 're not , we deal with france on a bilateral basis . 
  i 'm not sure how is this related to the turkey deal at all . 
  we 're not involved in that . 
  how are we in any way to blame for the deal with turkey ? 
  we are out of it . 
  if asked , we oppose it . 
  you 'd have to look at the actual headlines from the cnn and fox news . 
  the whole focus was on his religion . 
  that seems pretty weird to me . 
  the eu intends to destroy the concept of nation-state in europe , and some people are for that while at the same time defending a split in their country ( just prior to their disappearance i assume ? ) . 
  weird . 
  geezers down the pub ? 
  not very representative actually .
