  however nowadays even in spain gifts are given mostly in xmas proper because many are toys and kids almost do n't have time to play them if they are given these gifts almost at the end of the xmas holidays . 
  also most people do n't believe anything at all , like here in the uk . 
  there 's continental europe and the british isles . 
  europe meaning `` the rest of europe '' is used in many european countries . 
  for instance in greece and in spain , they talk about europe without including themselves all the time , it 's a figure of speech . 
  if i say `` i 'm going to europe '' it 's clear that what i mean , because of context . 
  well , so we do . 
  and we will continue having close links to the continent no matter what . 
  keeping control of our institutions and law , hopefully . 
  it 's not a matter of only military , but also governance and the underlying differences between member states and their conflicts of interest . 
  the eu already got the tools to impose comprehensive sanctions and banking restrictions and it has been lagging the us and japan in this respect , because some countries need that russian gas too much . 
  among other things . 
  this is too unstable an arrangement if it depends on who 's in power in france . 
  best the germans can do is to pay up and the us will continue leading the nato , and that includes france and the uk as well . 
  so far they do n't pay even close to the minimum contribution . 
  it 's not enemy territory . 
  also , not trusting the us to intervene in a european conflict does n't mean anyone expects them to first-strike western europe . 
  it 's a different sort of not trusting . 
  to some degree this is already the case , because until they threaten western europe , reaction from the eu and europe in general has been quite minimal so far . 
  the ukraine conflict revealed how just the us put on real support , followed by other main nato countries and japan . 
  the eu as a whole have been extremely ineffective and hesitant in reacting to russia , with several member states opposing sanctions and military aid . 
  the tide is turning though . 
  just because you wish it so , it does n't mean eu = europe . 
  suck it up . 
  also norway and switzerland , and even russia . 
  that 's moronic . 
  not wanting to be ruled from brussels does n't mean we want the continent razed , even if only for our own sake . 
  before the eu we also did n't want a barren europe . 
  it 's always advisable to have contingency plans . 
  i do n't think the eu is going to disintegrate overnight , though . 
  no [ three kings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biblical_magi ) in a catholic country ? 
  i say it like gone just because cockneys say it like cone . 
  winds them up . 
  is right . 
  i 'm talking about the possibility of even those losing residency . 
  also , the main topic of this thread is lithuania . 
   of course the fact that in 1945 97.1 % of estonia was estonians contradicts your statement and your narrative of generations old minority that came in 19th century . 
   my `` narrative '' is accurate . 
  even those moving there in 1980 as adults , at the rate russians breed , have grandchildren by now . 
  also , by all accounts there was plenty of migration right after the war . 
  then a gradient of `` seniority '' down to 1990 which really does n't matter much other than those who were n't born in the baltics ( which can not possibly be `` most of them '' ) . 
  ok , but it does n't matter for residency rights , does it ? 
  when speaking talk about russians in the baltics they usually talk about ethnic russians , not distinguishing between those who took citizenship and those who did n't . 
  even in this post you are mixing up russian speakers with citizenship . 
  so it 's not clear exactly what do you mean by `` russians '' in every other paragraph . 
  the situation is unfortunate , but i do n't think there 's a better outcome for the baltics other than the russians willingly leaving for russia for long enough that they lose residency rights . 
  other than that there 's a ) dealing with it or b ) war with russia . 
   you are trying to sneak in false claims here . 
  nope , it 's well documented . 
   these russians in estonia mostly came in 1970s and 1980s . 
  facts are important . 
  that does n't contradict my statement in the slightest . 
  `` significant numbers '' is not the same as `` most '' . 
  but this statement is demonstrably false , as most russian-estonians were born locally afaik . 
  a lot of them since 1990 ( younger than 26 ) . 
  therefore `` most '' could n't have come in the 1970s and 80s for most definitions of `` most '' . 
  not that i really care that much , but as you say , facts are important . 
  also , even if you discount those younger than 26 , i have n't found any sources specifying the influx to have happened mostly between 1970 and 1990 . 
  statistics mention 1945 and 1990 , without detailing nothing that would indicate that the settlement occurred mostly towards the end of that period . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_the_baltic_states ) ,  '' ** immediately after the war ** , major migration from other ussr republics , including much migration of ethnic russians , took place in the baltic region . 
  many of the russians , along with a smaller number from other ethnic groups , who migrated from other parts of the ussr to the baltic republics , arrived to transform the pre-war baltics ' largely agricultural economy to an industrial one . '', 
  [ ... ]  '' ** after stalin 's death in 1953 , the flow of new migrants to the lithuanian ssr slowed down ** , owing to different policies on urbanization , economy and other issues than pursued in the latvian ssr and the estonian ssr . 
  [ 4 ] however , the flow of immigrants did not stop entirely in lithuania , and there were further waves of russian workers who came to work on major construction projects , such as power plants . '', 
  this seems to imply that the fastest migration rate happened right after the war , between 1945 and 1953 ( stalin 's death ) . 
  with some variance depending on the area . 
  so a lot of these russians are 2nd , 3rd and 4th generation baltic-born . 
  with some outliers from even much earlier . 
  however , as i said before , i do n't think it matters much if they are 1st , 2nd or 22nd generation so long as they 've born there and have no roots elsewhere . 
  by now it really does n't matter , it 's 2016 already . 
  1945 is easily 3 generations ago . 
  russians came in significant numbers right after the annexation by the russian empire in the 19th century and in the re-settlements right after wwii . 
  now the question is , where were they born ? 
  this is all off-topic though . 
  the point was that the analogy at the top of this conversation does n't apply . 
  we 're talking about people choosing to move to russia , it 's not the same as if they were resettled in a broad agreement . 
  but these minorities are largely born there , are n't they ? 
  it 's not like they were transplanted there in 1990 . 
  they are afaik ethnically russian , soviet-born lithuanians ( and estonians , latvians ) . 
  let alone malta . 
  in the analogy it would n't be . 
  it would be an annexation/occupation . 
  i 'm not disputing that , i 'm just saying that people permanently leaving on their own volition would not be considered displaced by any court . 
  they have a much worse case . 
  as for the americans in afghanistan analogy : imagine they stayed there for generations and they were now american-afghans . 
  their situation would be essentially like the afrikaners or the british south-africans and zimbabweans . 
  they would be considered local minorities . 
  but if they voluntarily leave and lose their citizenship , they waive any birth rights they had there . 
  it 's a clusterfuck when it 's groups that simply wo n't integrate and it creates an internal conflict , but it does happen . 
  but that was part of an agreement , not her own personal decision . 
  if she had left on her own volition and lost residence/citizenship status , her case would be essentially lost . 
  not a bad thing if the people unwilling to fully integrate as lithuanians just move to russia . 
  of course , that was the whole point . 
  in this sub there 's the narrative that if the uk do n't want to be all-in within the structure of the eu , we must be xenophobes and `` hate europe '' . 
  the loud music is incredibly annoying . 
  we have much larger leverage on mcdonald 's assets . 
  they will pay . 
  that 'll be an extra billion or so in the uk . 
  not too shabby . 
  indeed . 
  wise move .
