  they do . 
  the imf and ecb asks them what to do regularly , as in the greek crisis . 
  they 're also creditors for most sovereign debt of the ez . 
  they are in charge effectively . 
  making justice to the old adage `` one size fits none '' . 
  we do n't have their political power and their control of the eurozone . 
  yep but switzerland is outside of the eu , and the others are controlled by germany in the ep . 
  geo-strategically germany has this well tied . 
  traditionally the definition of europe was partly cultural . 
  territories controlled by asian or middle eastern cultures were n't deemed european . 
  there 's plenty of evidence of this . 
  for instance , multiple references to the battle of lepanto as the greatest `` european victory '' that set back the turk ( ottoman empire ) so much it never quite recovered . 
  it 's in english . 
  also in old castilian it was written cordova sometimes . 
  yep things were facilitated by the internal wars the moors had in southern europe at the time . 
  they almost wiped their own population , making it much more feasible to be completely expelled from the land . 
  so much country to trade with :-p do canada next ;-), 
  it has been for a while . 
  they are european , but they are eastern european . 
  the eu and europe symbolise `` joining the west '' for you guys . 
  this is just fact . 
   okay ... good shit . 
  also , slavs and turks could n't care less about the west . 
  nice bit of denial :-), 
  the article fails to represent the current state of affairs : http://www.ft.com/fastft/2016/05/10/german-current-account-surplus-swells-to-record/, 
  i do n't think this is the kind of propping up the eurozone needs . 
  old article [ with some nonsense but real numbers too ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/11/07/wishful-thinking-and-the-road-to-eurogeddon/ ) . 
  i let you do the trying hard . 
  slavs and turks are the `` new '' europeans because they are the ones who want to be europeans and want to join the `` west '' . 
  i find it endearing . 
  a lot of them get killed though . 
  result . 
  you need to define it in more detail , because there are several interpretations of this idea . 
  for the original idea as exposed by the likes of sarkozy , i think it 's too late now for that . 
  the single currency interest rates already caused major havoc in the south . 
  you 'd need a debt jubilee before going back to this idea . 
  this is never going to happen because the most powerful actor of the eu is strongly against it . 
  i 'm a big fan of kasparov as a chess player and on his political stances , but i think he has it dead backwards on the eu . 
  but well , nobody 's perfect . 
   it does n't get much better so far . . 
  drama about fisheries , while the documentary happily ignores the huge overfishing . 
  the eu is not paying british fishermen to destroy their boats out of spite , they 're paying them to discourage overfishing . 
  it 's true that fishing is not being dealt with properly . 
  however this is only a big issue to those affected . 
   the part that comes after it has me really confused . 
  it 's criticizing the uk governments for putting in restrictions in the economy and blocking foreign trade . 
  it starts praising post-war germany for relieving restrictions and allowing free trade with other nations against the advice of the uk . 
  that 's build up for the narrative on eu over-regulation being a failed strategy . 
   then suddenly entering an open market with other european nations is a bad because `` bureaucracy '' ? 
  they do n't even go into why this legislation was thought to be necessary , nor do they really explain what 's bad about it . 
  heck , they do n't even mention what it is about . 
  just that it 's a lot of paperwork and paperwork is boring so it must be bad . 
  they only give a list of examples about `` eu rules '' : illustrative of eu policy , but i 'd definitely focus more on how eu governance works . 
  for instance there is no mention of the de-facto `` eurogroup '' or the `` troika '' - which i believe are a big deal and very illustrative of the eu failings . 
   and it 's not as if these regulations would disappear if the uk leaves the eu . 
  especially not if they want to have free trade with the eu or us . 
  many would immediately stop being law in the uk after the cool-off period . 
  hopefully only after a proper framework is put in place to take care of these issues . 
  hero ... 
  by the way , i find this spot on :  depending on when they joined , many see the eu as their membership of the west , putting them at the heart of the international community , or as the guarantee that europe will not revert to state of conflict that has been a perennial feature of continental affairs in their own lifetime , or their parents ' . 
  this gives rise to an emotional attachment to the eu itself that british people tend not to share , even if they think they are better off in it than outside it . 
   for that reason , ** britain is never going to recreate the eu in its own image . 
  we will not turn it back into the trading bloc many think we signed up to forty years ago . 
  most of our fellow members have a different view of what they want the eu to be like , and there are more of them than there are of us . 
  **  so the deal that emerges from brussels at the end of this week should matter less to british voters than how they see things in five , or ten , or twenty years from now . 
  we must decide whether britain will benefit from staying in the eu , even if the other members have a different view of its aims ; and whether we trust not just cameron but those who come after him to keep britain out of future developments we do not like . 
  once the summit circus is over , these questions will be at the heart of the debate . 
  i do n't know about russia , but i 'm happy that our most dangerous and murderous cunts go there to get killed . 
  found the source http://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/02/14501/, 
  actually , i find a lot of wrong stuff about this article . 
  but that was n't what we were talking about . 
  for instance , it cherry-picks the most convenient countries . 
  it leaves aside countries under strong currency controls like denmark . 
  it does n't mention countries in surplus . 
  it adds switzerland which is not in the eu . 
  there 's more dubious anti-eu stuff about this article , despite coming from a paper that is mostly pro-eu . 
  as much as i 'm pro-brexit , it is what it is . 
  * edited for typo, 
  i 'd recommend watching the whole thing . 
  and yeah , i also do n't like the whole documentary but there are important points to it . 
  one thing to notice is that migration is not mentioned once in the whole documentary . 
  people are refusing to argue and trying to silence it instead . 
  i do n't see that helping the debate at all . 
  i was referring to the bond buyout scheme , not nominal inflation . 
  there are many factors , obviously . 
  in the beginning there was a massive shower of money as euribor tracked so much lower than the bank rates in southern countries ( including france ) . 
  this caused some years of `` prosperity '' caused by a massive increase of debt liquidity , which since 2007 or so has come back to bite . 
  this debt burden will now hurt most of the eurozone for a long time . 
  however the post i replied to argued that the dates are wrong because the peg started earlier . 
  that 's just a wrong statement . 
  if you want to attack the validity of the focus in this article , then by all means feel free . 
  economic arguments can never capture all the scope of the context . 
  yeah this is called `` moving the goalposts '' . 
  you can argue that the focus is misleading or whatever , but the dates for the eurozone peg are correct . 
  1999-2016 so far . 
  that was n't the point at all . 
  the constrains existed during some time , the peg is a much stronger constraint and a different thing altogether . 
  you said at first :  with all the talk about how the lack of flexible exchange courses wrecks the economy , people seems to forget that the european currencies were pegged to each other for quite a while before that too , including the prosperous 90s . 
  false . 
  end of discussion .
