  indeed germany 's record trade surplus is a bigger threat to the euro than greece 's debt performance . 
  so what do you do about it ? 
  mervyn king is an authority on monetary policy , and now that he 's not bound by his previous boe role he 's able to speak his mind . 
  the ez does n't seem to have a plan other than extending and pretending . 
  in the end , if there 's a mass devaluation germany is going to lose big and that can not end well . 
  people mock romania for having an ugly country ? 
  bulgaria is also hot for that for some reason . 
  we would have a closer and more confident relationship with other nations of europe without the constant creep of the eu robbing us of our democratic sovereignty in areas they do n't belong . 
  we would be more confident about it . 
  i guess , i just clicked away . 
  i did n't see anything in the rules about this . 
  i used the title from the article . 
  it 's in all upper-case there . 
  i hope so . 
  i 'd expect that to be the case in most schools . 
  what i 'm answering about though is that teaching creationism is n't banned in the uk . 
  labour are not needed for this . 
  the tories are the nasty party , they back-stabbed major and even thatcher . 
  just wait , sit back and watch . 
  dae united states of europe ? 
  we have plenty of those as well . 
  i think you are missing the part where this thread is about the uk . 
  this is n't the case in the uk . 
  not sure the idea of the eu quite aligns with liberland . 
  i posted it here but it was removed as a dupe : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4mpenl/sun_05june16_eu_referendum_hannan_vs_reynolds/ i have no problems with the removal , but there are some more comments lost there . 
  hannan is comfortable because he 's a lot more knowledgeable on both sides of the issue . 
  you can not just throw in a random mp with a script at an expert like hannan . 
  the remain side need better options . 
  gordon brown or kinnock maybe . 
  but kinnock it 's a bit of a slow speaker which is a problem for this format . 
  do the remain camp have any younger heavyweights ? 
  many of us have been doing exactly that for decades . 
  why do you think the uk split the european popular party to create a reformist party ? 
  we achieved nothing and we just got more ostracised because of it . 
  the uk is in a minority of countries - mostly northern european for some reason - that have been trying these reforms while the majority of the eu representation marches on towards federalisation . 
  ever since lisbon and then the election of juncker it has become extremely clear that we wo n't be able to steer the eu out of that . 
  i posted this because the bbc website geoblocks some of the content . 
  this should be a better submission . 
  this video is posted as a comment there by the way . 
  the eu is not a mere trade bloc . 
  if it were i doubt we 'd be asking to leave on that basis alone . 
  there would still be the argument that we need lesser protection outwards , but that could be negotiated without necessarily leaving at this point . 
  the bigger problem is the amount of sovereignty we lose to the eu , especially since lisbon . 
  it started well but i do n't appreciate how it goes into full racism somewhere around the 8 minute mark . 
  there was no need for that . 
  2 and a half . 
  the remain campaign have been banging on it for a while . 
  feel free to insist in highlighting the costs and the control we have on these funds . 
  also on the veracity of these numbers after all the nonsense spouted by cameron and osborne among others , with completely made up figures passed as fact . 
   ignoring how pathetic it is that they are using that semantic argument to lie to begin with ... you do understand that all these points are clarified and you are all just resorting to the `` lies , lies '' line ? 
   each year the uk gets an instant discount on its contributions to the eu -- the ` rebate ' -- worth almost # 5 billion last year . 
  all of which has been extensively clarified . 
  the rebate is not in the treaties , it 's a provision that can be cut at any point by brussels and they do n't do so simply because of political convenience . 
  hence , we do n't control this money . 
  we 'd have a discount on the contribution rather than a rebate if we did . 
   the uk never sends that money to the eu . 
  and even if it did , it 's a a straight up lie that they are using to say that 's how much it costs . 
  you know exactly why they are saying it and you know exactly that it 's completely dishonest . 
  the thing is that nobody is saying that this is how much it costs . 
  they are saying that we would control that sum , which is absolutely true . 
  what you are doing by lingering in this issue is highlighting how much we are due , and how much of it is spent by the eu in the uk , and how much is not . 
  do you think this will help your argument ? 
  keep crying `` lies , lies '' as cameron and osborne shower straight made-up nonsense left and right , hoping that you 'd win on `` credibility '' . 
  this is a complete lose-lose for the remain side , and i love it . 
  keep at it , the polls are swinging to the leave side at good pace . 
   do n't know why you 'd even defend that . 
  defend what ? 
  the numbers have been thoroughly explained . 
  apparently the remain side would prefer a net historical sum rather than the gross contribution in the bus ? 
  who cares ? 
   except they are not ? 
  it 's straight up false ? 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  the number is the amount sent - note they say sent not spent , even though they could even say spent and it would still be defensible . 
  image for reference http://i.imgur.com/wn5u0ik.png many times they have quoted the rebate and the money redirected by the eu in projects in the uk . 
  you can come up with many net figures depending on that . 
  the most agreed * net * figure is approximately half of the gross spending . 
  when one pays a tax or a contribution , generally they do n't quote the amount after deductions of what they may get back in terms of services or subsidies or deductions . 
  these are much more abstract figures , rather than the other way around . 
  i pay around 40k per year , i do n't consider it to be zero because i get the nhs , the roads , the existence of every single public service and infrastructure and i value it to be 40k per year or whatever . 
  it 's a bit silly really . 
  i can see his points , but really the brexit side have clarified the number on the bus quite extensively ... 
  anyone paying any attention at all understands these numbers just fine now . 
  i do n't think that line of argument is working at all . 
  is that all the remain campaign have ? 
  honestly , do you think the focus on the money we send to the eu is advantageous for the remain campaign ? 
  interesting . 
  ps : upvoted because this is the first submission of the whole context rather than isolated one-liners from major . 
  goooood , good . 
  it 's not exactly amenable reading , but there you go : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:32006l0112 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_value_added_tax very importantly , you need to look at the amendments over time to understand how does it work as looking at a static moment does n't show the full picture . 
  the eu uses this to great effect . 
  most importantly the history of the second directive and the sixth directive . 
  one particular example on how the eu members do n't even know about changes even in very senior political posts until years later : http://www.dazeddigital.com/artsandculture/article/27173/1/ten-reasons-the-tampon-tax-is-a-joke currently we need all members to agree to give us this exemption in order to execute it . 
  another example would be this https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fcultura.elpais.com%2fcultura%2f2015%2f08%2f04%2factualidad%2f1438709820_787399.html&amp;edit-text= even several senior members from the spanish executive did n't actually know they could n't deliver what they were promising as that power was already devolved to the eu . 
  generally changes are more technical than this , or immigration control , which is why they pass through completely invisibly to the electorate . 
  things like the fisheries legal impact - only affecting a small number of people - or the new legislation on ports . 
  not only the eu is unaccountable at the structural level , its practice is designed to circumvent most practical accountability by passing enormous amount of law affecting all members without any limitation . 
  ever since lisbon , they have carte blanche to creep limitless law and this law takes priority over the law of each member , in a federal model similar to the us judiciary . 
  but without the checks and balances of the supreme court . 
   paying 95 % of the membership costs and implementing 95 % of the laws despite having no involvement in the creation of the laws ?
