  all of that and more can happen . 
  if greece leaves , others will soon follow . 
  from now until then , greece have more than 5 billion euro in payments . 
  i doubt they can make it . 
  it 's tiresome to address the same thing all the time . 
  no , this is not democracy . 
  this escapes a lot of continentals because they have never seen one ... 
  the whole idea is perverse . 
  these countries are forced into debt spirals because they can not compete without devaluing their currencies and interest rates are set to accommodate the so-called engines of the eu . 
  they are not given a chance to properly reform and compete . 
  not a single penny should be lent between sovereign countries in the eu sharing currency because the creditor-debtor relationship erodes their political power and their independence for political decisions . 
  this was clear in 1990 and continues to be clear now . 
  accurate . 
  and i do n't even dislike corbyn . 
  i do n't visit mine , it 's boring as fuck . 
  i visit topical subs . 
  it 's severely impoverished this year , that 's true . 
  the country is not going to vanish though . 
  let 's get this done boys and girls !!, 
  we have a great opportunity ahead of us . 
  the manipulation of the press is getting comical . 
  lol bloomberg . 
  if you lay out this referendum with honesty , `` leave '' will win in a landslide . 
  the british public does n't agree to the eu plan . 
  this is why they lie so much . 
  no , but i 'm not surprised you do n't know what democracy is . 
  greece is a particracy and has never had a minimally respectable democratic system ever . 
  so for you , the ep is probably better than have your own parliament making decisions . 
  after all , you just give a fuckton of extra mps to the winning party ... no bad feelings towards you , though . 
  glad to see agreement here . 
  this is the right answer . 
  effectively we have no say . 
  we never win any votes we disagree to . 
  never . 
  it 's worked out like this for two main reasons : 1 . the eurozone adds up - coincidentally - to just above the minimum qualified majority vote ( 65 % ) established by the ep . 
  creditor-debtor relationships coerce countries in high debt like greece , portugal , finland and belgium . 
  to name a few of different characteristics . 
  our voting power , effectively , amounts to nothing . 
  because we can never change any decisions . 
  the best we can do is protest . 
  but nothing effective . 
  correct . 
  basically because their are selling the opposite . 
  and they are selling the opposite because they know the british public does n't want more integration . 
  yeah , but do you see how the government is selling lies and impossibles ? 
  that 's because the people will vote against the reality of the eu , and they know it . 
  nice straw man mate . 
  disagreeing does not indicate lack of democracy . 
  having absolutely no say in what passes , does . 
  if that happened i 'd reconsider my stance for brexit . 
  but i just do n't believe in it . 
  in over 2 decades i 've seen how the 72 times that the uk tried to block something in the council , it failed every time . 
  http://i.imgur.com/wgqoccn.png http://i.imgur.com/wc24qdo.png just so you know how the government is selling this to the british public . 
  edit : this is the whole piece of bizarre lies and propaganda https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/why-the-government-believes-that-voting-to-remain-in-the-european-union-is-the-best-decision-for-the-uk/why-the-government-believes-that-voting-to-remain-in-the-european-union-is-the-best-decision-for-the-uk, 
  the idea that all of us can share public debt , social security , pensions , etc is pretty ridiculous . 
  well , federal europe implies all that . 
  either that or a break-up of the eurozone will need to happen . 
  he still keeps banging on this idea that we are going to change the eu . 
  the uk has brought 72 attempts to block motions to the eu council . 
  guess how many have succeeded ? 
  zero . 
  since the 90s . 
  oh , and our voting power is diminished since lisbon . 
  no , we 're not going to reform the eu . 
  they constantly bombard us with this false idea that suddenly we will reform the eu out of federalisation . 
  http://i.imgur.com/51qmia7.png it really is a mendacious proposition . 
  because we have a referendum in 2 months time . 
  but no , the eu is not going to reform to accommodate us . 
  a lot less . 
  there 's a typo in the `` billion people '' bit . 
  trade and market union with geopolitical cooperation prevents another war . 
  going too far towards federalisation forces members out putting at risk the stable and workable union we had . 
  good fences make good neighbours . 
  it 's perfectly fine . 
  look in the comments . 
  previously posted here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4eigf6/bbc_iplayer_europe_them_or_us/, 
  romania has lots of potential . 
  we 'd obviously start * drafting * right away . 
  the deals would be effective in 2 years . 
  in any case it was tongue-in-cheek , you bore . 
  this thread is about romania . 
  i assume the trade deal may also have points that are detrimental to romania . 
  it would n't be gro\u00dfdeutschland if german were n't the official language . 
  spot on . 
  danish immigration , man . 
  wo n't somebody please think of the germans ? 
  you should listen to the very people in the pro-integration side to notice that the middle ground is not possible . 
  the course of the eu is undeniable , and it 's not something the euro-sceptics have devised . 
  in fact , it 's what has made many people become sceptic of this whole idea . 
  individual nations will either regain their monetary sovereignty or will have to surrender the remains of their political power to a central superstate . 
  they are completely subjugated through debt and by not having their own central banks . 
  it has become apparent they do n't have a strong stance to negotiate for several years already , and the situation is only worsening . 
  for a certain model of eu , i agree . 
  either the euro will break , or they will have to make a superstate . 
  it will never work otherwise . 
  this is why we dodged a major bullet by not joining the eurozone , but conversely it has made our membership untenable . 
  we are at a crossroads . 
  yes , for members . 
  which is why a number of opportunities open for us outside of the eu . 
  the election of juncker was the last nail in the coffin of that notion that we can stop competence creep from the inside .
