  why do you ask me what do you assume ? 
  assume whatever you want . 
  the british empire is over . 
  i 'd be against being subjugated by it if i were a foreign nation . 
  consistently , i do n't want anschluss of britain . 
  now it 's 1865 ? 
  we are talking about the classic liberal principles that led to the foundation of the united states of america . 
  your populist politics are misplaced here . 
  what question ? 
  yes , i 'm for ending the empire , as we did . 
  i 'm much more comfortable with the commonwealth which is voluntary , and being associated with our north american brothers in many ways . 
  when dodgy dave publishes the data we 'll see exactly how much did he save by using a shell company . 
  we are far ahead . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wind_of_change_ ( speech ) the germans had to be humiliated into surrender . 
  we voluntarily ended oppression of overseas territories . 
  slavery is irrelevant because of the difference of morals of the time . 
  precisely that movement and principles ended in prohibition , and it was championed by english-speaking countries that started imposing the prohibition outside of their borders . 
   if you ca n't prove something , it 's probably a good idea not to state something then ? 
  it 's kind of empty without proof sir . 
   that 's stupid . 
  the vast majority of things can not be proven in the scientific method . 
  nothing in politics or sociology can be proven looking into the future . 
   this is just , incredibly dumb , do n't ever state it again . 
    america is founded on the enlightenment principles we also believe in , rather than the eu fascist pipe dream . 
   that 's a pretty ridiculous view of the us . 
  it 's quite self-evident . 
  franklin and jefferson came to europe and contributed to the movement . 
  what do you call `` prove '' ? 
  i can not prove that the majority of the british dislike hitler , but i 'm pretty sure about it . 
  similar idea , after all it 's his dream we are talking about . 
   that 's pretty irrelevant , older people have been fucking over younger people for decades in the uk , so i 'm not even remotely surprised . 
  it 's just an indicator that things have changed in a direction we dislike , that 's all . 
  i personally would love the eu if it were back to the attributions it had in 1990 . 
  but current eu is a very different story . 
  i 'm not anti-europe , and anti-anschluss . 
  most of the so-called `` eurosceptics '' from the uk also would want a common market as it used to be . 
  it 's a semantics battle we have here . 
  tax on dividends are different brackets that add to the base of income tax . 
  that 's the factual thing , if you name the regime or the nature of the tax , or how do you lawyers make the distinction , it does n't matter ( as long as you pay them right heh ) . 
  i 'd have voted for too . 
  the eec was a great idea . 
  federal europe is strongly opposed by the vast majority of the population , if we stay in we 'll do everything possible to steer the eu in the model we believe , which is much closer to that of the eec . 
  i personally think it 's a helpless plan but if we stay we have no choice . 
  i 'd rather leave . 
  edit to add ps : the majority of people that i know who voted in 1975 to stay , now they want out . 
  i pay tax on dividends , so i know . 
  it 's income , but it 's not rated as income tax . 
  i thought i was clear on that . 
  the tax regime is different as that of general income tax , it adds to the base though . 
   you do n't pay capital gains gtax on annual income . 
  you pay it on sales of assets ( capital ) . 
  cameron 's share sale would have come under cgt if it had been for enough money . 
  i 'm only interpreting what he recently said in an interview . 
  i can not vouch for is veracity . 
  what 's true is that the tax regime of the virgin islands is much lower than that of mainland uk and his investment benefitted from that according to all accounts . 
  kids have always believed in integration . 
  the eec that led to the eu is much older , the uk joined it in 1973 . 
  we never joined the eu , we were automatically in as all founding members from the prior eec . 
   this is the last chance the `` eu is evil !, 
  ! 1 '' morons in the uk actually have a chance to vote out . 
  we have voted already once . 
  this is the second one - although this union is very different from that of last century . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/june/6/newsid_2499000/2499297.stm any time the eu does something we deem highly damaging we will ponder leaving . 
  and nobody can do anything about it . 
  our differences with the fascist dream of asymmetrical political union run too deep . 
  until they grow up . 
  it has always been like this . 
  i used to be pro-eu , then i learnt how it works . 
  maybe you will grow up too . 
  ps : the population is not getting any younger in any european country . 
  tax on dividends is not income tax , but adds up to the base income for the purposes of tax band . 
  i 'm supposing cameron dodged those via the shell company - which is legal - and he claims that profits were below the capital gains yearly allowance . 
  this can be done in the uk mainland as well . 
  paying more tax on earnings . 
  there 's nothing wrong with paying less tax as long as it 's legal . 
  people are not supposed to pay more tax voluntarily . 
  it 's the hypocrisy of `` shaming '' jimmy carr in parliament that is callous . 
  we keep on destroying the eu from the inside . 
  america in english is also a short form for `` united states of america '' , and the continent is usually referred as the americas ( comprised of north america , central america and south america ) . 
  europe so far is the continent , not the den of corruption that is the eu which changes its borders every so often anyway . 
  do you mean `` eu integration '' ? 
  that 's because a lot of people seem basically unprincipled these days . 
  the issue is not merely monetary . 
  for instance , when the usa fought for its independence against the british empire , they knew it would be a clusterfuck . 
  they knew it would be very costly in the short term . 
  it was n't just a matter of short term monetary gain . 
  america is founded on the enlightenment principles we also believe in , rather than the eu fascist pipe dream . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd be happy in a eu that had clear attributions , did n't strive for competence creep and stuck to market and trade issues . 
  but the current eu is nothing like that any more and it 's steering decidedly in the opposite direction . 
  i want the sovereignty of my country back even if it costs me a lot of money , which is something that may or may not happen . 
  i did n't compare the situation at all . 
  i 'm replying to a comment on brexit . 
  i know poland . 
  we 'll leave the door open when we go . 
   that 's the thinking we should avoid ( of course naturally , not by some laws ) . 
  less of `` german '' , `` french '' , or `` hungarian '' , more of `` european '' . 
  but in the real world , the vast majority of europeans do n't have a semblance of european identity . 
  so what you propose is absolutely doomed to failure . 
  if your country fails to rule itself , it 's highly doubtful that foreign rule will be much better . 
  my tax pounds at work again ...
