  that 's just the icing on the cake . 
  generally an island so distant would n't be considered part of the continent anyway . 
  not sure about iceland to be honest , if we 're sticking to just geography . 
  certainly not in london . 
  they fixed that not by making public transportation cheaper , but by taxing private traffic to such a point it 's becoming luxury . 
  it only makes sense in london if you commute long distances that are not well covered and go outside of london often . 
  no , i did n't personally accuse you . 
  i accused these particular arguments , then you made it about you . 
  i then assumed you also supported them because otherwise why would you feel addressed by these complaints ? 
  and now you seem to be elaborating that your arguments are actually something completely different . 
  i do n't disagree there are reasonable arguments for both good and bad economic effects as a direct result from brexit . 
  i only disagree that it 's valid to use the same evidence as proof of contradicting outcomes . 
  yep , it 's amusing indeed . 
  correction , it was just a week or two ago when i traded last . 
  seems it has dipped slightly under the levels of june 23 right now . 
  hardly a collapse though . 
  thanks for pointing it out , for accuracy . 
  i 'm not comparing the eu to nazi germany , i 'm just saying austria is currently sharing a union with germany . 
  really not that hard to comprehend . 
  this is not what was wrong about the nazi regime . 
  the current status of the railways is appalling . 
  we should be running them like others are doing instead of doubling down on an experiment that has been failing for decades . 
  i do n't know why people feel such a need to attack corbyn even when they agree on something . 
  have you noticed that ? 
  that 's because you are moving the goalposts . 
  i 'm referring precisely at these arguments that literally conclude one thing and the opposite from the same evidence . 
  they are easy to find in this sub . 
  blah blah , ask for your money back in your language school . 
  you were duped , moron . 
  i disagree , but that is n't the topic at hand . 
  people are saying renationalisation itself is radical , and it 's not . 
  looking for some new goalposts to move ? 
  iran and emirates have been improving a lot at chess in recent years , which is great to see . 
  hopefully not many people will listen to this lunatic . 
  the first and the second definition are literally anschluss and the act of anschluss . 
  both of which are unions in english . 
  the funny thing is that corbyn is ridiculed and called a radical for proposing the re-nationalisation of railways . 
  imo it 's the sensible thing to do . 
  we 've had plenty of times to see how did this turn out and it has been a disaster . 
   the state of being united or joined . 
   anschluss literally means `` connection '' or `` joining '' . 
  the u in eu stands for union . 
  you have a very weak case there , but carry on with the semantics if you wish . 
  `` holy fucking shit '' , the teenage angst . 
  try reading the forecasts in the article , dumbo . 
  we will find out in the next 4 years or so . 
  1 . yep 2 . yep the fact that you do n't like the conditions of a union does n't make it a non-union . 
  the list itself seems to be dynamic . 
  check here https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/02/23/hitlers-mein-kampf-is-now-a-best-seller-in-germany/, 
  the eu wo n't , forcing a relatively hard brexit . 
  hopefully , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i do n't see what 's the problem myself . 
  a lot of people seem to struggle with inconvenient parts of history . 
  we do n't care enough to do that , otherwise we would have finished the job started in dresden and germany would be like prussia , a note in history books . 
  everything about the uk now is turned into the same hateful remarks by our friends across the channel . 
  who would have thought ? 
  but , the decision happened already ? 
  but , when it suits you , this fact had an impact , and now it does n't ? 
  which is which ? 
  because the brussels bubble acts a lot like an aristocracy right now . 
  it 's still true . 
  i suggest you refer to the nearest dictionary . 
  the # is right now above levels of brexit day . 
  so , if you want you can arbitrarily move the reference to maximums from 2 years ago , but that , again is just a narrative . 
  1.20 $ to the # is a very reasonable price point and it 's well balanced towards exports . 
  when the # went down lower after the brexit vote , it was evidence of something . 
  now , it 's higher again and supposedly this is evidence of nothing . 
  all the while remaniacs deny they made this case . 
  it 's good fun though . 
  the denial is strong with this one . 
  even in this very article they say so , and they continuing forecasting doom nonetheless . 
  the decision has happened , and the market has discounted it to a large extent . 
  both for good and for bad outcomes , not depending on your narrative . 
  reality has this thing that it does n't care about your narrative . 
  you keep that denial going . 
  oh , but i 'm perfectly content with that . 
  i 'd have hard brexit ( understood as staying outside of the eea ) and probably the eu will ensure that will happen against may 's will . 
  you are making simplistic conclusions yourself . 
  i have n't exposed my vision of the situation here , i 'm just saying that the evidence -  conclusion link is completely botched up in these arguments people are making . 
  from a sibling post :  what i 'm arguing is that you can not make a conclusion and the opposite on the same evidence , making up arguments as you go . 
  something is evidence of something , or it 's not , independently of convenience towards justifying your narrative . 
  what i 'm arguing is that you can not make a conclusion and the opposite on the same evidence , making up arguments as you go . 
  something is evidence of something , or it 's not , independently of convenience towards justifying your narrative . 
  correct . 
  https://www.logicallyfallacious.com/tools/lp/bo/logicalfallacies/178/unfalsifiability  well yeah , that is exactly how it is though . 
  look , if both outcomes support your argument vs any other conclusion , it means your reasoning is absolute bollocks in the first place . 
  might as well accept that the vote has not hurt the economy in any way , unless you can support your statement in any way . 
  or at least not claim something to be evidence , and the opposite argument to be evidence as well . 
   now , it seems that the markets are betting on soft-brexit or no brexit at all . 
  the markets fully expect a pretty hard brexit by now . 
  the eu side seems unlikely to strike a compromise . 
  i 'm not trying to equate anything . 
  in any case it would be the 4th reich , duh . 
  but it 's a union , full stop . 
  did it rank second-overall in non-fiction sales ? 
   as far as i understand it , the forecasts were for when brexit actually took place . 
  you understand it wrong then . 
  brexit was known to be a process taking years , but disinvestment was supposed to happen straight away . 
  bad numbers ? 
  `` you see , capital flight anticipating the new pariah status '' good numbers ?
