  we still have tax laws that predate the french revolution , '' she said . 
  france 's social model is funded by punitively high taxes on labour . 
  the unintended effect is to create a destructive ` tax wedge ' that makes it too costly to hire new workers . 
  it protects incumbents but penalizes outsiders , leading to a blighted banlieu culture of mass youth unemployment . 
  there are 360 separate taxes , with 470 tax loopholes . 
  the labour code has tripled to 3,000 pages since 1985 . 
  the unions command only 7pc membership but have a legal lockhold on companies with over 50 employees . 
  `` it is an inferno that sadly lacks the poetry of dante , '' said prof granville . 
  failure to reform has come together in a toxic cocktail with the destructive effects of monetary union . 
  the damage has been less dramatic than in greece , portugal , spain , and italy , but the insidious effects are powerful . 
  france 's has lost 20pc in unit labour cost competitiveness against germany but is stuck in the same exchange regime . 
  the result is a hollowing out of french manufacturing and a loss of 60,000 industrial jobs a year . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/business/2016/06/07/code_de-large_trans++i7wjnedkpjpiaipaau_z8fmbmlthmtbh6nfm48avujk.png the eurozone 's monetary squeeze and premature fiscal tightening from 2011 to 2014 stopped recovery in its tracks and led to a deep double-dip recession . 
  this mix of austerity was self-defeating , pushing french public debt to 100pc of gdp . 
  it led to a deflation-trap that made it even harder to claw back lost ground . 
  the saga is much like france 's slow torture under the gold standard - and pierre laval 's infamous deflation decrees - in the 1930s . 
  that episode ended in the election of the front populaire and near civil war . 
  mr hollande is ensnared by his own campaign rhetoric four years ago , when he sold 1970s nostalgia and pledged plans to raise public spending . 
  `` finance is my enemy , '' he said . 
  he failed to grasp the nettle of reform in the first months of his presidency . 
  his credibility is now so low -- with 84pc expressing a `` total lack of confidence '' in the latest tns-sofres poll -- that france is effectively stuck in limbo . 
  public spending is 57pc of gdp , a nordic level without danish or swedish levels of labour flexibility . 
  unemployment is still 10.2 pc even at this late stage of the global cycle , and has never returned to its pre-lehman levels . 
  time is running out for the defenders of the french status quo . 
  it is hard to see how the existing order could survive the double-punch of a brexit vote and a fresh global downturn in quick succession . 
  if he 's a dane i doubt he needs to read your translation . 
  i love denmark too , but we can not afford to sink with this failed project . 
  i will vote brexit and hope it happens the sooner the better . 
  the navy protects against many more possible eventualities than that . 
  especially when western europe is rather weak on the sea . 
  i think we will need it . 
  it 's the sort of thing that you can afford having it while not needing it , but not needing it and lacking it . 
  yep , that 's why cameron loves so much the idea of albania , serbia , macedonia and turkey joining the sooner the better . 
  how about the translation service ? 
  i did n't know they were earlier than google in the email service . 
  that 's interesting . 
  although yahoo was earlier than both iirc . 
  man up . 
  not the original yandex , but definitely its movement to email and other services mirrored google . 
  man up , it 's a humour thread . 
  text : en - in strasbourg , rosen plevneliev ( bulgarian : \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0435\u043d \u041f\u043b\u0435\u0432\u043d\u0435\u043b\u0438\u0435\u0432 ) , president of the republic of bulgaria , meets with european parliament president martin schulz and addresses the european parliament in a formal sitting - 08.06.2016 - european parliament , strasbourg . 
  `` the cure to the eu 's ills is more solidarity , more rule of law , more synergies and more integration , bulgarian president rosen plevneliev told meps on 8 june . 
  `` integration is the only weapon we have to achieve peace , security and human development , '' he said in plenary , adding : `` erecting borders is a tempting , yet temporary and not sustainable solution . '', 
  the president also condemned what he called russia 's efforts to destabilise the eu and erode trust in the european project . 
  referring to the tense relations between the eu and russia , plevneliev said : `` we have entered a new phase of development , which i call cold peace time . 
  we see confrontation and methods from the cold war time : propaganda wars , cyber-attacks , proxy and hybrid warfare . '', 
  he said moscow had initiated `` a vast propaganda machine that spreads messages of mistrust '' . 
  `` it seems like they are succeeding , '' he said . 
  `` we 've stopped the only engine we have : integration . 
  we are pulling the break on enlargement , schengen and others . '', 
  the bulgarian president argued that europe should move to `` dispel the doubts of europeans and reassure them we know where we are heading to '' . 
  `` i want that we all start new engines of integration , '' he said , `` the enlargement process , more efficient and coordinated common european foreign , defense and security policy , the european energy union , the single digital market , the eu capital markets union and others . '', 
  plevneliev also called for a new dynamic and open economic model of europe : `` europe of the future is a europe of entrepreneurs , of technology and innovation '' . 
  parliament president martin schulz thanked plevneliev for his `` brave speech '' , adding : `` many people in this house share your views and others disagree . 
  i am in the former group . '', 
  '' ( european parliament ), 
  you meet the lads in the beaches in spain and greece . 
  these leave an indelible mark . 
   that too seems like a guess to me . 
   theories on stereotypes are always going to be guesses . 
  but guesses can be more or less educated and make more or less sense . 
  there 's nothing scientific about stereotypes . 
  some are completely opposite to reality . 
  to be fair the british class divide is pretty strong . 
  depending on the demographic you meet , you are going to have a very different perception and that 's understandable . 
  the us stereotype in europe is quite bad too , and most american people who actually visit are a very good standard . 
  with exceptions , of course . 
  that 's a feature . 
  you have your russkij mir separated from your activity elsewhere . 
  would n't want it to be otherwise given the degree of eavesdropping mandated in russia and its servers . 
  did you expect any different ? 
  you forgot to mention the russian knock-offs that are actual successes , like vkontakte , yandex , etc. 
  edit : yandex , like google , follows yahoo/lycos/altavista . 
  mainly yahoo and their comprehensive services ( email : 1997 ) . 
   some people just took the `` go west '' song too literally . 
  that 's because it 's fab . 
  all i have to say is ... back to back world wars , krautss, 
  cheers . 
  appropriate burka-black colour . 
  reaching new heights in childish diplomacy . 
  to be fair , the godfather is boss . 
  that does n't seem like just an opinion . 
  stop posting absolute bollocks like this . 
   a completely balanced trade inside the eu is delusional however . 
  that would be the endgame of a monetary union , with a single social security , pensions , etc across all the ez . 
  the ez nations need to re-evaluate if they believe this is possible or not , and if not then how do you break it . 
  i 'm not contesting anything . 
  i fully agree with him . 
  not all replies are challenges . 
  current numbers are still very high . 
  it wo n't sort itself . 
  but if you want to pretend it will , then feel free . 
  give it time . 
   far left and far right activists alongside with islamists or just people that have an extreme opinion uhm . 
  an extreme opinion . 
  the problematic imbalance for the euro is that among the ez , and it remains high . 
  http://voxeu.org/article/rebalancing-eurozone-internal-adjustments-won-t-be-enough http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/intra-eu_trade_in_goods_-_recent_trends having this surplus amounts to a trade war within the ez , except most members ca n't and wo n't defend themselves . 
  at this rate , it will end in a devaluation to avert a crash of the importing economies within the ez . 
  there is no major inconsistency in pointing out that all these countries do n't belong in the same monetary union . 
  the two most extreme outliers are germany with the highest surplus - well above what the eu law supposedly allows - and greece with the most unsustainable debt .
