   then again , you 're not part of europe . 
  take some basic classes on geography . 
   also , the last paragraph shows that you have no fucking clue . 
  says the guy with the `` remove homogays '' flair . 
  come back after the geography lessons . 
  did you delete this ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4lgxk3/eu_as_one_nation/d3nl672 appears as deleted to me . 
   i 'm not sure if a shared administrative and business culture is so bad . 
  or if we are n't there already in many ways . 
   that 's not the eu though . 
  the eu intends to have formal mechanisms of a nation-state , making other underlying realities conflict with it and become an obstacle . 
   the optimist in me says that a common administrative/business culture wo n't lead to the destruction of europe 's cultures . 
  you do n't achieve that by legislating it , and that 's partly why the eu is not working to that effect . 
  the eu tries to be many things that conflict with each other . 
   it seems like political culture is the big hurdle if anything , as british , french and german political culture and tradition seems very different from each other and would clearly butt heads at the ` federal ' level in the us of e. and that 's completely ignoring that of other smaller nations , that may seem unimportant from the outside , but from their point of view their individual cultures are the most important ones . 
  there are dozens of cultures and traditions in the eu that are different enough to each other that it 's a pipe dream to fathom a traditional nation-state including them all . 
  europe is a continent . 
  the european union is a political construct . 
  completely different things . 
  german police . 
  let 's leave it like that though . 
  it is , but it works best when they can pretend not to be aware . 
  lol and you could have picked much worse . 
  it will only work when a single culture becomes the administrative culture and either destroys the rest or reduces them to curiosity folklore . 
  it 's not a project i 'd support even if it looked possible at all . 
  i missed when he said that . 
  you see , people have different cultures and points of view . 
  for me , living in the us - the parts i know better of it anyway - would be a nightmare . 
  i understand it has pros and cons like everywhere else , and in the international stage it 's the best country for me . 
  but i would n't live there . 
  or in most of the eu for that matter . 
   the comments here make me very sad . 
  people hard-headedly saying no without thinking . 
  makes me think i should just give up on europe and move to the us where people are united . 
  hahaha . 
  explains a lot . 
  this chap is tame compared to some posters here :-d, 
  i supported atletico too . 
  gutted it went the way it did , atletico deserved it more imo . 
  or ahead . 
  sweden seems to be considering more restrictive law , whereas germany stays put . 
  the future of the eu might be the german one . 
  coming soon to eu directives that will apply to you . 
  i can understand that , and i 'm sure many people from norway , switzerland , liechtenstein , luxembourg , etc are happy to be what they are . 
  but when looking at the world , at typically nation-state structures like armies and international trade , etc , then yeah they depend either on entrenched structures they already belong to surviving , or on belonging to a superpower one way or the other . 
  indeed we essentially gave up on the empire voluntarily to scale it back into a trade bloc ( the commonwealth ) because of the obvious contradictions of running a country segregated like this . 
  it 's contradictory with our own values and most especially with the modern world . 
  much lesser social justice would have been possible as a transcontinental empire . 
  in north america mass eradication of native cultures made it possible , something that in the modern world would have been complete anathema . 
  there 's also the massive land grab from mexico . 
  things that do n't translate to today if we do n't want to go back to regular wars . 
  ancient greece ? 
  they did quite well culturally speaking , massive progress . 
  however the existence of bigger external resources in other lands ultimately costed them . 
  van der bellend ... or whatshisface dutch guy who is completely bonkers and always shouts in the ep . 
  but that 's exactly the goal , so you can see it 's working to some degree . 
  it 's just that many people do n't see what the real endgame is . 
   europe is a continent defined by geographic standards . 
   correct . 
   europe , politically , is defined by the political unity of the nations on the european continent . 
  which is represented by the eu . 
  lol good try . 
  i will never accept that the eu represents europe , feel free to disagree though . 
  indeed the eu does try to claim it . 
  i can claim i 'm the king of the world . 
  ode to joy is being used as the anthem . 
  it 's also my footie manager team song . 
   if you oppose the unity and peace of the nations on the european continent , you are anti-european . 
  i believe the eu creates tensions and endangers peace in europe as nothing ever has in recent history . 
  absolutely . 
  i love iceland , i 'd hate seeing it disappear into some mad megalomaniacal assimilation programme . 
   there 's a middle ground between destruction and stall . 
  scaling back . 
  power strongly resists to reduce itself though . 
   i do n't get why people want a united states of europe ? 
  to me the idea has very little benefit and sounds like move ruled more by heart than head . 
  teenagers from relatively irrelevant countries - including mine - trying to play `` let 's make a superpower because i want to feel like i 'm part of one . '', 
  when you look at the massive overrepresentation of places like luxembourg and belgium in the eu structure , you understand better what are the sentimental drives behind this terrible idea . 
  not overnight though . 
  might take a few decades . 
  then they would be essentially the same thing and the same parties would control both bodies . 
  you only preserve some degree of independence with a system pretty much like the one in place . 
  europe is not the eu . 
  until you are swamped with a huge pool of it , and then you have massive unemployment and a race to the bottom between the provider countries . 
  that would guarantee that the eu would scale back into a trade bloc with some extra cooperation efforts on top . 
  throw in there australia and nz as well . 
  turkey too . 
  who 'd complain about their geographic situation after canzuk is in . 
  then , once the majority religion is islam , we can include india and pakistan . 
  gdp and growth baby . 
  south america , why not . 
  they speak european languages . 
  things that seem like a bad idea when you are 15-25 and then hopefully when you mature and know better you realise they are actually a very good idea : - lords being appointed - single-member districts/constituencies rather than proportional representation ( precisely because otherwise your representatives are * appointed by the party * rather than elected and [ serve the party as a result ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/particracy ) - the eu has let this problem creep beyond repair ) - reddit voting system ( i kid , that 'd be the opposite ) - the idea that eliminating a border between different cultures is cosmopolitan by default rather than an attempt to assimilate and destroy the smaller party, 
   i 'm pretty sure the uk would leave if this was ever proposed . 
  we can only just handle being in the eu and half the nation has a collective heart attack every time the eu makes a law . 
  that depends . 
  france would also have completely opposed this not very long ago , but now they are too invested and powerless to oppose to much . 
  if the uk remains in the eu and the eu does n't collapse on its own ( big `` if '' ) then it wo n't be long until we are also unable to escape the monster we 'd have helped create . 
  and this applies to the germans too , because the scale of the whole project is such that even the bigger members would see their individual position diluted and overpowered by the empire creation project . 
  the later the uk leaves this , the harder and more traumatic it will be .
