  `` uk will be at the back of the queue for trade '' is a gaffe , and it 's a threat . 
  he did n't threaten anything either way . 
  just an statement of opinion . 
  if he said there would be repercussions for trade with the us for staying it would be a gaffe of similar dimensions to that of obama . 
  i know the rates , they are in the order of 20 % in both cases . 
  i did n't read rt as i have it blocked in my computer . 
  i do n't need to read any sensational articles , i 'm familiar with the british tax system and i do n't think the dutch system is grossly more advantageous or it would have got a lot more attention . 
  hardly low taxes either for corporations . 
  a different thing is when people go offshore , but this is the same for the rest of the continent . 
  uk and netherlands tax havens ?? 
  our taxes are effing high . 
  spoiler alert . 
  i will take some time later to back up my points more . 
  sorry i could n't do that before because i have work to do . 
  you just gave a different definition to the previous one , genius . 
  why waste my time with you ? 
  sorry mate , but i could n't care much less about your opinion . 
  nope , try looking it up . 
  i 've tried to use logic with you in the past , but it does n't work . 
  not bothering any more . 
  same as with the eu :-), 
   you imbecile, 
   well , you kinda did :   it 's not working . 
  no , i kinda did n't . 
  what 's not working is reforming the eu institutions . 
  we 've been increasingly isolated in trying that . 
  the lisbon treaty is a step backwards . 
  or forwards towards federal europe with an unaccountable court making the real decisions and allowing no real governance to accountable bodies , much less national parliaments . 
   overall , things are moving slowly , mostly because every member state has to agree to these changes and many are sceptical/outright opposed to further strengthening european institutions . 
  they 're moving slowly but surely in the opposite direction . 
   i would be interested in hearing which specific aspects of the eu have moved `` in the opposite direction '' and where `` our efforts have failed completely '' in your opinion . 
  i could be here all day with all that 's wrong with the eu , it would be faster to list what is n't wrong . 
  i 'll just list some major problems with the eu that effectively push us out and that compound with each other : - the eu is doubling down on the euro without sorting its underlying problems that make it unworkable . 
  this will just exacerbate the current imbalances . 
  for budgetary decisions , the eurozone will bloc-vote and as more decisions are only required qmv , we wo n't be able to stop a single thing . 
  - the eu will continue imposing frameworks to the judiciary of the member states . 
  so far we have n't been able to block anything . 
  we 've tried 72 times ( last time i checked , earlier this year ) and we have succeeded zero time . 
  - the eu has clearly overreached geographically and given it 's centralised approach this will cause a lot of migratory imbalances . 
  looking at previous fiascos you 'd think they learnt the lesson , but alas , they have n't . 
  imo it has already surpassed what was sustainable with free movement of people ( or `` of workers '' as the germans are re-framing it now ) . 
  - the eu army idea keeps coming and eventually we 'll be sucked into it if we remain in the eu . 
  it 's a terrible idea . 
  - the election of [ juncker ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-27679170 ) , despite the uk 's complete opposition , [ sealed the deal ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/jean-claude-juncker-the-face-of-federalism-9504014.html ) on what the future of the eu looks like . 
  [ the positives of the eu are greatly outweighed by the negatives ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4g0qrd/what_is_your_opinion_to_the_theoretical_idea_of/d2e9noh ) , and in any case going back to something more like the prior eec we 'd still be able to work in these areas . 
  we 're talking about the late 1400s and the early 1500s . 
  just over 2 million people . 
  what you have in the north are small settlements and parishes . 
  in scotland they still had a clan system for centuries to come . 
  this is late medieval england in the so-called age of labour , after the black death had decimated the country . 
  london and oxfordshire are well placed to cover the densely populated areas of the time . 
  there are no proper comprehensive listings or census before the 1800s but there are bishop birth registry listings and marriage licences which are indicative of the relative sizes . 
  see : http://genealogy.stackexchange.com/questions/3543/is-there-a-comprehensive-repository-of-pre-1841-local-censuses-in-britain-availa in fact this historical placement of printing presses had a major influence in the [ evolution of the english language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_english#early_modern_english ) , standardising in the dialects of [ london and oxfordshire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_vowel_shift ) . 
  english unified in the rather unorthodox dialects of these areas ( english resembled more the direct pronunciation of its writing before that ) . 
   to say that the eu is not working is an oversimplification . 
  nice straw man . 
  did i say that ? 
   there are many positive aspects as well as negative to today 's eu . 
  addressing the lack of democratic accountability would be a great step forward , and would push the eu institutions towards better regulation , which is what we really need . 
  in this aspect , which is what we 're talking about , our efforts have failed completely and the eu has advanced in the opposite direction and it absolutely continues to move in that direction . 
  or even like we did around here with northern rock , lloyds , rbs . 
  have you been paying attention during the last few decades ? 
  it 's not working . 
  in fact , it 's moving in the opposite direction and we can not stop it . 
  it 's time to cut our losses in this farce and move on . 
  and oxford . 
  they printed for the whole country . 
  up north there was n't really much to service at the time . 
  if you look at the demographics of what today is the uk it 's not very surprising . 
  sounds good . 
  `` end of ttip should be a launchpad for a movement to build a democratic , accountable , transparent europe '' -  without today 's eu . 
  i 'm not sure why you bring up the uk . 
  our exposure to euro banks is one of the lowest in the region . 
  we 'd be indirectly affected like everybody else . 
  but this will happen anyway , since the problem was n't solved . 
  it was just delayed . 
   the way i understood it was : save greece  save spain , italy , portugal  save rest of europe . 
  provided that 's what you did , but it really is n't . 
  what we 've been doing is socialising debt which could be done with banks taking a much bigger hit or being allowed to go bankrupt . 
  personally ? 
  my office is full of brilliant people . 
  i know this is not an option for everybody , though . 
  ehm , did n't they ask this to europeans ( save for most of turkey ) ? 
  good stuff , i 'm glad you have come to terms with it . 
  it 's still ridiculed for it regardless . 
  people these days feel the need to take all the opposite views to their perceived enemies . 
  within labour their reflex was to immediately oppose the idea . 
  then they found out it was very popular , so now they support it . 
  not the only policy the blairites have had to concede upon , so that 's already a victory for people who want them to happen . 
  that 's fine , but sometimes you need to just admit that labour members chose him . 
  it 's a bit like brexit , people need to get over it and stop focusing on trying to reverse the results of votes straight away . 
  also , if you do n't like corbyn , you can vote for someone else or some other party when the opportunity arises which will happen soon enough anyway . 
  it 's mostly the same angsty teenagers , so this is unsurprising . 
  mainly remainers who can not get over it , and a fair share of non-citizens too . 
  you do n't have to play it . 
  we can certainly agree to the last bit , but then again you chose your username explicitly to moan about it . 
  i do n't think it 's so simple , because there 's also the matter of incentives and efficiency . 
  but what 's clear is that our system is substantially worse than that of almost anywhere in the continent . 
  also , the concept of competition on shared infrastructure , which is the largest cost and it 's ultimately paid by the taxpayer anyway . 
  this does n't happen for instance with airways - they have actual incentives to compete and they do n't have a stronghold on the infrastructure .
