  pensions are given tax incentives , often being tax free within a generous threshold . 
  and even if the intermediary companies were to cash out , in many jurisdictions related taxes are zero or nearly zero . 
  they cash out there . 
  goods under # 15 are exempt of vat in the uk . 
  there are many other exemptions across the eu . 
  note also that these exemptions are on declared value not retail . 
  yep . 
  this is what they are avoiding by incorporating branches within the eu . 
  disallowing them from doing business within the eu is n't without serious ramifications . 
  for instance , the eu would n't be able to enforce anything on google other than by firewalling access to it like china is doing . 
   you were litally talking about offshore tax havens . 
  no , i was talking about countries within the union * acting as offshore tax havens * . 
  luxembourg and ireland can not be offshore , they are inside of the eu obviously . 
   related to but not limited to . 
  if it would 've been such a problem , people would 've taken care of it before opening the borders . 
  it 's a problem enshrined by eu law , applied in eea territories . 
  so it 's 100 % a problem with the eu right now . 
   if it would 've been such a problem , people would 've taken care of it before opening the borders . 
  wrong on both accounts afaik . 
  the biggest shareholders * are * corporations . 
  funds own by far the most shares in large companies . 
   countries outside the monetary union are just as able to do the same ( bermuda , panama what have you ) , it is not a problem limited to the monetary or even european union as you try to put it . 
  not in this particular case . 
  google needs to operate within the eu to bill their business conducted within the eu , which is massive . 
  similarly , amazon bills vat through luxembourg at a ridiculously low rate . 
  that is being explicitly allowed by the eu and it would n't be possible from the outside . 
  vat and corporation tax within the eu are a `` thing '' - bermuda and panama can not trade within the customs union . 
  it 's not a problem limited to the monetary union , it 's a problem related to the eu ( actually the eea which is a bit wider ) . 
  not really , because shareholders may also use shell companies . 
  most large ones do . 
   good thing we do n't have a fiscal union then . 
  that 's the main reason the monetary union is so dysfunctional . 
   but i suppose this is something the creators of the monetary union have taken into account and did n't find a problem for the monetary union , otherwise i expect they would not have stepped into such a union . 
  this is a gaping hole in policy , allowing countries like luxembourg and ireland to act like offshore tax havens within the union and putting small businesses at a great disadvantage . 
  then they will only pay tax in the us , or wherever the company is incorporated in . 
  if individual countries within a monetary and fiscal union decide their levies , it would be a race to the bottom . 
  does n't seem sustainable long term to allow little offshores sucking tax money out of the union . 
  did n't say anything to the contrary . 
  it 's not though . 
  that 's not `` capital flight '' though . 
  the indy managed to shoehorn brexit and the xenophobic right into this as well . 
  the article is full of speculation , and the one bit of data is mildly related at best and inconclusive ( anyone will choose to withhold investment immediately after the situation changes , until they figure out what new investments make most sense afterwards ) . 
  `` capital flight '' is sensational and an outright lie , because it would mean divestment rather than a temporary freeze of new investments . 
  the un is not a supranational state project like the current eu , it 's a framework for collaboration . 
  you do n't need to give up sovereignty to collaborate and establish dialogue . 
  i think citi will have a much reduced presence in london , whatever happens . 
  they wo n't be back to having the sort of infrastructure they have right now because it 's massively oversized and they can not justify it . 
  citi are not even close to being the biggest in their business as they once were . 
  they are a mid-sized bank , and they have much more office space in london than , for instance , hsbc . 
  they would have a presence more in line with their current reality . 
  oh , and there will be lay-offs , which is part of the downsizing . 
  stay tuned . 
  from where i 'm sitting now , i can see jp morgan . 
  it 's massive . 
  not that long ago , lehman brothers occupied exactly that space . 
  they were a huge , centenary company and they just blew up overnight . 
  that was a lot more dramatic for the area than the shifting out of citi could ever be at this point . 
  `` circle of life '' and all that . 
  will the city and canary wharf continue growing at their current mad rate for much longer ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but the exact effect of brexit is yet to be determined and it depends mostly on how do we use our regained sovereignty when it finally happens . 
  they are rumoured to be leaving their office in the wharf completely ( rent ) . 
  likely planned for a couple of years for the next lease , which will be more expensive . 
  i know a couple others doing similar things with leases ending in the next 3-4 years , some quite emblematic . 
  either moving within london or elsewhere . 
   if that 's the case why not move to somewhere else in britain ? 
  ( sorry for the long link ) does n't make sense in banking . 
  believe it or not , most business in banking happens in meatspace . 
  moving to dublin is pretty much the same as moving to manchester regarding doing business in london , plus it has some weight of its own . 
  in the case of citigroup , it 's a company that shrunk massively as it got hit by the credit crisis . 
  it 's not 1/5 of the company it was when it leased their current offices . 
  http://i.imgur.com/p0ptets.png the list of companies either moving or downsizing in the next following years are companies that have been losers in the last couple of shake-ups . 
  they will blame brexit or whatever , but lloyds , citi and some japanese banks are precisely at the top of these lists . 
  there are others , too , which will come with whatever narrative when the time comes to move . 
  some are trying to sell it as an upgrade . 
  edit : changed 1/10 to 1/5 just to give a very conservative number rather than a slight high-ball . 
  if passporting can be guaranteed by moving 50 people to reu then it 's essentially meaningless . 
  that 's great news for negotiation if true . 
  it 's negligible investment for banks and financial institutions . 
  half your comments are `` haha '' and `` lmao '' - are you ok ? 
  news with `` might '' might all be a pile of bollocks . 
  citi already have offices in dublin and frankfurt . 
  there are a number of companies reducing office space in london ( city and canary wharf ) because it 's incredibly expensive . 
  plans going on for years . 
  it 's a separate problem and very likely more to do with it . 
  any excuse will help them pretend they 're not skint though . 
  others like google and amazon have committed huge new investments in the country . 
  whatever suits one 's narrative . 
  hardly means there 's `` capital flight '' . 
  sensational , as usual . 
  your lack of self-awareness is amusing . 
  brexit now ? 
  you seem to be mentally ill if you think this is relevant . 
  seek help . 
  no , it 's about corbyn and `` links '' to the kurds . 
  it 's actually other britons against corbyn . 
  anything other than corbyn and kurdistan is way off-topic , provided you are not incredibly obtuse . 
  you may be in the wrong thread then . 
  this is about the kurds . 
  you mean the terrorist turk bombing the kurds at the slightest opportunity ?
