  it has nothing to do with the eu being `` bad '' , in general . 
  it has more to do with sovereignty and the system we want for the uk . 
  there are many countries and international treaties i do n't particularly dislike , but i would n't be a part of . 
  these are people with very decent pensions that they are spending abroad way beyond the cost they generate . 
  especially after we agreed with some individual countries to pay for their healthcare , which is happening already . 
  nope . 
  we can unilaterally leave , and it 's actually looking increasingly likely . 
  it 's unfortunate , but it 's a possibility if the eu does n't want to talk about reciprocity for expats . 
  we 're not going to unilaterally guarantee rights when we have so many people living in the eu ( even if it would be economically good for us that they may be forced back home ) . 
  yep well , we 're already securing some foreign investment ( this is going quite well actually ) - and one the new usa government is in place there 's some more stuff to do . 
  regarding nato , too . 
  give it a year or two . 
  the eu 's lead negotiator wanted it to be settled before the ep election but this is unlikely to happen if they wo n't talk now . 
  absolutely no problem with that for us . 
  that 's fine . 
  actually i believe expats voted to remain by some margin , not sure about the actual accuracy of these polls though . 
  as for me i 'm happy with the hardest brexit possible . 
  may ? 
  she was a remainer in the first place , so i 'm happy that she 's forced to it . 
  that 's what 's going on right now . 
  may would rather start negotiating before , but if there 's no will on the other part then `` i think i 'd better leave now '' until later on when we have more arrangements settled . 
  then we 'll see what do we do exactly regarding the eu . 
  not the expats separately . 
  that has to be determined . 
  the vote was on a wider issue . 
  a net influx of money will come with more investment in services . 
  it wo n't last much longer than the necessary arrangements to cut off the eu . 
  but i can imagine more or less where this came from . 
  without any agreements there 's wto . 
  lol like i were to make this decision . 
  it 's just a statement of the cards at play . 
  every party is acting in their own interest . 
  that 's fine , and we still have many arrangements to complete , so it may carry on for a few years before triggering or not triggering # 50 and leaving the eu , if that 's what the eu prefers . 
  i had the impression that they wanted this sorted earlier . 
  to sort it out earlier they should speak now . 
  it 's not , we will happily bring as many british pensioners back as the eu wants . 
  they will spend their pensions here instead . 
  plan a ) deportations . 
  plan b ) nato . 
  nah you 're not going to play hard ball with the uk . 
  does n't make sense to us . 
  we can perfectly leave the eu without triggering anything , so we will trigger it only if the conditions make sense to us . 
   well then if she wants negotiations , she should trigger art 50 . 
  we have no need to put a time limit that could work against our interests . 
  not when we can for instance linger until the next ep election and effectively bomb it . 
  better start talking or [ we may never trigger # 50 and leave the eu just fine ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/britain-does-not-need-to-trigger-article-50-to-leave-the-eu-2016-11 ) . 
  then the rights of eu expats wo n't be sorted sooner . 
  `` i think i 'd better leave now '' is the right thing to say in that scenario . 
  if push comes to shove and the eu wo n't negotiate to a scenario we 'd prefer to basic wto status , then we do n't need to trigger anything . 
  we can unilaterally leave the eu with zero agreements - this option looks better every day , as it would immediately sort the uncertainty . 
  not if you refuse to talk about it . 
  that only depends on reciprocity being given or not . 
  may wo n't guarantee anything while the same rights of britons in the eu are not guaranteed , at the very least . 
  so this is what she wants to talk about , among other things , as soon as possible . 
  on the bright side this brings us closer to a pretty hard brexit . 
  would n't he be iraqi-german rather than german-iraqi ? 
  actually it 's quite nice . 
  still fab . 
  http://dbtourism.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/nis.jpg check the skull tower , too . 
  as long as it 's panettone , i can get behind it . 
  same wide mouth as his father . 
  probably was n't the right comment to reply , but there were others suggesting the title is wrong because `` it 's the dollar that went up against the eur '' - which is obvious . 
  we went lower than 2015 minimums . 
  the tag is wrong . 
  the graph does n't suggest any reasons , it 's just a statement of fact . 
  it 's true , despite the wrong tag . 
  look at the 10 year graph in any terminal . 
  we touched below recent minimums . 
  it 's a reply to the deleted post calling me the same . 
  i 've lived elsewhere too . 
  i also would n't mind a different timezone being the standard , and also avoid using am and pm if possible , in favour of 24h formats . 
  ideally , we 'd have 10 units of 144 minutes in a day , instead of hours . 
  but that would be a major departure and unlikely to catch on . 
  but i digress . 
  also , swatch already tried and failed something similar https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swatch_internet_time, 
  lol , that 's a good one considering the us$ is by far the main reference for currency valuation . 
  i think you might be vastly overestimating the importance of euro clearance houses . 
  it does n't bring a financial industry by itself , not by any stretch of the imagination . 
  ny and hk have more importance for european finance than any ez finance centres and they do n't clear euros . 
  the gain is that it 's harder to keep track now . 
  the political tzs are a mess from a modern point of view in a global world . 
  it 's just an outdated system because it 's based on assumptions that no longer apply . 
  work your arse off abroad so your so literally throws your money into the river !, 
  he must be completely gutted . 
  i like this idea , it would make the hardest brexit scenario possible with nearly no dependency on powers from the eu . 
  ideally we 'd have a status regarding the eu similar to that of australia . 
  go and sing in eurovision . 
  you only need to know geography or look at a map with meridians . 
  easier than variable political constructs . 
  other than that you always need to track for particular schedules anyway . 
  approval rates before fundamentals is the new `` feelz b4 realz '' . 
   plans for early elections this would make sense . 
  also the eu will try their very best to avoid another crisis while the uk is still preparing/negotiating brexit . 
  yep , missed it by a few minutes . 
  more background : http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/2016/dec/14/eurozone-halts-greece-debt-relief-reviving-crisis-fears-1549034.html, 
  i 'm proposing the complete opposite . 
  the whole world should agree to a time , instead of trying to make people go to work or sleep at the same nominal times . 
  we do anyway . 
  keeping track of foreign time zones would be the same as dealing with different office times ( which we also do ) . 
  i work with people in asia and the us on a daily basis and their availability is something we always have to track anyway .
