  result : no . 
  i 'm aware of the results and the participation and they are not 100 % -100 % , but that can be said of any consultation . 
  that depends on the scope of the decision . 
  also note that the current tally is 100 % of the popular votes against :-) it 's just that the germans and french would rather not ask . 
  hedge funds make money either way , and they also make money on securitisation in the interim because of the uncertainty . 
  it 's not the position of germany and france , is the position on going ahead with a deal affecting the whole of the eu despite knowing the dutch are against . 
  yay more equality . 
  it 's ok , you stay in your country and have the system you prefer . 
  imo fptp is vastly superior to proportional seats with no personal accountability to any jurisdiction . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/258997/pm-letter-tax-evasion.pdf the difference is that he would be accountable for that , as opposed to having van rompuy doing it in his behalf . 
  the eu is full of untouchables . 
  yeah , we 're generally in the right because we are a democratic country and the eu is not . 
  even when they are right they are not entitled to what they do . 
  we already have our own agreements with the us and canada . 
  we are out of schengen . 
  which is why trucidator is right . 
  whatever nonsense the eu comes up with in regards to visas , the uk wo n't be affected because we have an opt-out . 
  we will work it out bilaterally , as we always do . 
  it will be a take it or leave it thing . 
  your choice to lose the whole eu because some romanians and bulgarians overstay their visas . 
   because the uk is known for it 's lenient and sensible immigration strategy . 
  lenient no , sensible yes . 
  they are kind of contradictory these days . 
  with the us the uk is unlikely to have any problems . 
  it 's law in the eu that if restrictions are effected on a member , it will be considered a restriction on the bloc . 
  this move is just following eu law . 
  in other words , they are considered regions not countries for immigration matters , the fact that on the other end you keep separate statistics for every member is what the eu wants to end here . 
  i do n't believe in this policy but it 's the way it supposedly is , even if the eu has managed to ignore it for a long time . 
  dave knows a thing or two about using the eu as an accountability laundering machine . 
  brexit can not come soon enough . 
  romania and bulgaria are regions of the eu for visa purposes . 
  distinguishing between eu members is explicitly discrimination as per the eu treaties . 
  yep well , the eu can not seem to admit to these intentions however they are clear . 
  federalism is a process that ends there , but it will take some time - if it succeeds . 
  no big deal . 
  the us is a nightmare to visit for a long time already and you seem to be fine with it . 
  alternatively you can start treating romanians and bulgarians with some more respect . 
  sucks at being a secret , since it 's probably the most well known financial centre . 
   hefty fine to the eu authorities that will satisfy the wine producers and lorry drivers . 
  in-guhr-land in-guhr-land, 
  i 'm very supportive of ukraine but if i could vote out of the eu right now i would . 
  i will when the brexit vote comes . 
  i 'm convinced a lot of people in the netherlands voted against the eu , not the treaty with ukraine . 
  in an ideal world there would be a very comprehensive trade treaty between the eea and eu - not necessarily free trade because ukraine can not properly protect their borders at the moment . 
  it 's a different issue really . 
   15.257 $ i 'm assuming that 's 15,257 $ per year , not 15.257 $ per hour . 
  in english we use commas and dots the opposite way as they do in spanish . 
  last i checked they were in . 
  who says tb . 
  of course , i belong to the minority who prefers the north . 
  most prefer the south . 
  not because of cost , but because of the landscape that is more to my liking . 
  yeah , of course i agree with that , but the principle that he should n't move to such a barbaric place remains . 
  does n't mean that he deserves to be lashed 350 times or that the uk government should n't push as much as possible to have him back home . 
  portugal is pretty great . 
  brits usually favour the algarve area but i 'm a fan of the north . 
  a lot of them do , and among pensioners that 's really common . 
  germans as well . 
  the eu is not necessary for that , as it 's a good deal for all parties and then it would hardly be discouraged from the spanish or portuguese side ( it happens in greece , france and italy a lot too ) . 
  warm seaside resorts that we do n't have in the uk at any price . 
  the british flocked to spain and portugal before they were eec members and before the eu existed . 
  currently you can obtain a permanent residence in either without being a eu member by simply buying property , which they often do . 
  russian expats do this , they are all over the place in spanish resorts and they 'd have otherwise a very restricted visa almost anywhere in europe . 
  the uk does this too , by the way . 
  pretty similar really , depending on where you go . 
  spain has very low population density in many places . 
  there 's france and italy too . 
  humanitarianism . 
  that 's perfectly legit in my book , this man should n't have moved to that shit hole if he wanted to drink wine so bad . 
  do the british thing and move to spain !, 
  great wine too . 
  british slap-fight . 
  europe, 
  probably not the same as an italian jail . 
  this is one of the contradictions of the eu . 
  fom is just for eu citizens , but if enough non-citizens live in the eu , border controls will need to be fully restored . 
  when you openly welcome potentially millions of refugees , this clashes with the whole system . 
  just an excuse to monitor individual connections , like the porn filters over here . 
  `` think of the children '' politics . 
  melania trump is already banging on the `` dangers of cyber-bullying '' so it 's happening . 
  the us can finance itself in ways no other country can . 
  people buy their bonds and their currency no matter what . 
  australia = austria confirmed, 
  you mean constantinople ? 
  a fully united eu military undermines nato . 
  the transition to that would be quite risky for the baltics . 
  looking more and more like it . 
  sensible . 
  nothing . 
  he knows what he 's doing which is getting to power . 
  nothing to do with actually running the country . 
  yeah but that was through defying the 2-party establishment in scotland . 
  until recently it was the same as in northern england ( labour territory ) and it had tory domination spells . 
  that already happens and will continue happening . 
  a centralised army is a different story . 
  edit : thanks for the constructive downvotes . 
  not in the 6 months from now until the french election campaign . 
  i think you might be getting slightly biased news . 
  brexit is definitely happening . 
  trump is going to start rough on his plans .
