  all that is just history and beautiful words , not an actual plan . 
  europe and the european union are not the same thing . 
  no , he happens to agree with its goals . 
  they are working together . 
  you made that conclusion yourself , nowhere i said that . 
  oh right , and cyprus . 
  btw many irish will be eligible to vote . 
  only other nationality allowed . 
  edit : + commonwealth malta and cyprus ( tiny in comparison though ), 
  yes , the ideal sounds good . 
  different people have different visions and points of view . 
  this is fine , but that 's a wishlist and not a structure that seems in any shape or form achievable down the current path . 
  when people lobbied for the common currency , most of them were not aware of the real implications . 
  they thought : neat , no exchange commissions , symbol of unity , etc. 
  the actual technical implications are boring-sounding and uninteresting : shared interest rates across economies in different cycles , decisions that will benefit areas at the expense of other areas with varying levels of power in the union , creditor-debtor relationships appearing coercing the decisions in the parliament and the council , etc etc. 
  all that is negative and just unpleasing . 
  no matter how real it is . 
  when some nations refused to join the bandwagon they received massive criticism and bad omens . 
  these are the only nations performing well other than germany . 
  some people even challenged basic notions like supply , interest , and sovereign bonds being intimately linked . 
  maybe because of idealism ( `` we would do something new and unprecedented '' ) , maybe because of ulterior motives at the top , maybe because of simple ignorance on the matter ( completely understandable for the layman ) . 
  in dynamics very similar to these , the reality is that in the eu there are real factions , and they use their power within the eu in their advantage . 
  like with the monetary problem , there are people pretending this does n't exist because of some misguided idealism , or choosing to ignore it , or being disingenuous to serve their own agendas . 
  note that you are even mentioning country names in your message . 
  the vestige of these symbols is , at this point , a huge barrier to make a real working superstate work . 
  i honestly think that if people dedicated some time in understanding the challenges of some of the things they support , they simply would n't . 
  we need a realistic plan that is clearly laid out , and let people choose if they are in or not . 
  rather than misguiding everyone promising in every place what people want to hear , until visions collide and everything collapses like a house of cards . 
  seems deeply contradictory to me , because the workings of what you describe are those of a union of nations with a common trade market framework ( similar to the eec ) but then you are talking about a federal government which is essentially the opposite , especially in the context of the evolution of the existing eu ( we are not talking about a drawing board , there is a current eu that will need a stable evolution path to that potential federal superstate ) . 
  can you outline the structure of the political system of this hypothetical union ? 
  if the eu top blokes were receptive to accepting this and stop the expansion and overreaching , then we would n't be in this situation . 
  the eu craves for more and more power . 
  there 's another huge barrier to the idea of a federal superstate on top of the obvious socioeconomic ones , which is either a bug a feature depending on your pov : identities . 
  you can not build a federal superstate as long as people distinguish between the different citizens and people are not ready to throw away their passports to get a `` eu passport '' that looks just the same across the whole state , with no difference of any sort between members just for being from a particular place . 
  good luck telling germans that they will have to share their pensions proportionally with the greek euro for euro . 
  nobody believes this nonsense if they know anything about europe the continent and its peoples . 
  despite of all this , they insist in a path that is either this impossible , or bust . 
  therefore , bust . 
  what gives ? 
  that is just a name . 
  you need to detail what is the actual model you have in mind . 
  if you mean `` federal europe '' - that 's clearly the plan right now . 
  i think maybe a subset of the current eu will form a tighter union resembling a federal state . 
  there are many nuances and models that might work . 
  but i think the current path is absolutely doomed . 
  it will have to change very substantially to work . 
  which i do n't rule out happening . 
  he 's just pushing the british establishment agenda . 
  expected , although maybe not this much out of line as he did . 
  hehe ... clueless person indeed . 
  `` you guys '' , you mean a bunch of lunatics over here ? 
  3 : he may believe it is , but definitely in the long term it 's not in their interest to follow this federalist path neither for the uk nor for the us . 
  briefed by dodgy dave . 
  pretty obviously imo ( wait until some moron demands `` proof '' as it 's customary here by autistic children ) . 
  a bluff , and an absolutely out of line threat , but it may have an effect . 
  not going to lie about that . 
  `` owns '' . 
  your eu mentality showing . 
  nay labour . 
  though in this particular case , there 's high mi ( ecb , obviously greece surrendered their monetary independence ) and low cpi ( in greece ) because the depression in consumption and in the general economy , which is hardly surprising with the measures forced onto greece . 
  that 's commonwealth rule of law for you . 
  cheers india . 
  we 'll be happy to just take back control of our own country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monetary_inflation as opposed to consumer price inflation . 
  well , there 's also the fact that we 're hitting a deadline in early may iirc to free up the remainder of the bailout funds . 
  in any case it seems like they wo n't make it much longer without freeing more funds . 
  ok , sorry for the time wasted . 
  emission . 
  not inflation as in price index . 
  wow you are so witty . 
  german humour perhaps ? 
  de facto they already rule us . 
  approx 60 % of our legislation was decided in brussels . 
  http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/researchbriefing/summary/rp10-62 it has gone way , way too far . 
  correct . 
  let them . 
  we 're better off out . 
  did they word it like this ? 
  : `` good news !, 
  we are offering you the bare minimum . 
  because the regulations force us to . '', 
  probably , but then his comment does n't make sense to me . 
  because he makes a comparative contradiction between berlin and the german political system right in the same paragraph . 
  maybe / u/aboutdesouffle can clarify . 
  if i misunderstood him then fine , my post was pointless . 
   you . . you know that the capital of germany is berlin , right ? 
   yes , lovely place . 
  i 've been there many times . 
   if you say '' i know shit how things are brokered in westminster even though i have a good understanding of the british political system '' , are you talking about the local government of the borough of westminster or are you , just maybe , using `` westminster '' as a metaphor for `` the government '' ? 
  no , it would be like me saying `` i do n't know how london is run '' . 
  given the context i assumed he was talking about the different levels of government . 
  read his post :  seriously , how is this any different than the corridors of power in a national capital ? 
  i know shit how things are brokered in berlin even though i have a good understanding of the german political system . 
  this sounds to me like he 's talking about the government of both the german bundestag ( which he claims to understand ) and berlin ( which he claims not to know much about ) . 
  maybe i 'm not interpreting him correctly but that 's what it looks like to me . 
   some proof evidence or facts would be nice , but these are lacking in every single one of your posts ; i 've never seen you post so much as a source let alone evidence ...  the evidence followed immediately . 
  turkey and ukraine are in talks for membership bids . 
  you can continue with your `` facts '' but that 's the way it is and that 's as much as i said . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_association_agreement which also other countries have been outright rejected * sine die * . 
  this is not negotiable .
