  suicide terrorists not so much . 
  these have a more particular profile . 
  nope , but you have to be aware of this possibility . 
  it would suffice to prove that it happened , which is what this particular thread ( not the article ) is about . 
  does n't matter what my goals are . 
  you just drop yours as if they were established as the main ones . 
  does n't matter . 
  2 of them came as refugees . 
  that 's all the data you need to know it already happened . 
  just one would suffice to prove it happened . 
  nobody is saying all the terrorists are refugees . 
   our primary goals our primary goals are nation building ? 
  imo it was a great year . 
  i 'll be sad to see it go . 
  there is n't much practical about brutalism from the 20th century . 
  it 's a small step towards functionalism and most of the choices are merely aesthetic . 
  a lot of it is simply misplaced cubism . 
  it also does n't make much sense to put office blocks in old city centres . 
  the congestion is going to be terrible anyway and unless you raze the whole thing , the underlying streets are going to be incredibly ineffective for the new density of the area . 
  bradford used to be actually beautiful . 
  wow . 
  seems like everything is fair play except for the churches . 
  it looks like an eastern european newish city now . 
  that one is about 180 sq ft tops , maybe as little as 150 sq ft , much smaller than mine and frankly unlivable . 
  i 've seen studios like this before . 
  like i said , the tolerance of people over here can be pretty astonishing but living in essentially a small bedroom with a toilet gets tired really quick . 
  this is south quay , everything is extremely sought after because what is n't super-new and premium is oldish but from a time where minimum space standards like those outside of london were commonplace over here . 
  canary wharf proper is only here and west india quay really . 
  if you go to poplar after the dlr station bridge , then things change drastically . 
  prices there are a quite a step down but the area is considerably shitty and commuting starts being a necessity . 
  i know all the areas around very well because i 've moved several times as landlords raised my rent year on year . 
  i actually moved to a more expensive area because i was paying a fortune anyway and i had to take the dlr or the bus , and live in incredibly shitty areas with significant gang activity despite being so close to a financial centre . 
   angela merkel now is the leader of the free world sensiblechuckle.gif, 
  the least by a slight margin . 
  and still opposed by a fair bit . 
  the support in the uk was much lower than yougov 's pointing out ( except they cite their own polls ) . 
  most of the public opposed intervention * without the un giving their green light * - something that never happened . 
  more context to the comparative `` support '' of the uk to gulf war ii . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/spl/hi/middle_east/03/iraq_euro_war_views/html/default.stm hardly staggering . 
  not surprising at all , since the french press had a completely different take on it . 
  also the spanish press . 
  the us have been doctoring unemployment figures for a long time . 
  what they have halved is the number of people actively looking for employment , as they doubled the amount of people depending on food stamps . 
  `` coming together '' does n't need to be the centralised federal eu dystopia . 
  54 % is hardly strong support for military intervention . 
  something so serious would require much stronger support than that . 
  do i need to provide disambiguation for obama or are there any other us president obamas ? 
  his whole premise is utter bullshit though . 
  obama has been an unmitigated disaster in almost all fronts other than pr . 
  the uk as well . 
  but that does n't in any way justify the whole diatribe . 
  lol, 
  chelsea manning asked obama for a pardon ( actually she wants her 35 years converted to the 6 years she already did ) . 
  i know there 's nothing much great , but really i do n't like any american papers either . 
  i read in other languages as well and i do n't rate almost anything either . 
  neither in france , italy , spain , china , or germany ( frankfurter allgemeine is decent though ) . 
  maybe the japanese mainichi is balanced and all-around acceptable . 
  my german is a bit rusty and i find it a bit annoying to read the allgemeine sometimes , simply because of needing to look up stuff . 
  trump is not even in power yet , though . 
  haha . 
  oh wait , you 're serious . 
  hahahaha . 
  hope is a dangerous thing . 
   they fund political parties , but so do we . 
  it 's no secret that european states for example funded hillary , so why scream murder and fire when russia does the same to us ? 
   trump has pledged to ban this practice in his so-called `` contract '' . 
  probably a good idea , to be honest . 
  it should also be extended to the press , although this is a lot harder to control . 
  let alone social media . 
  this is because in the uk we have a licence-fee funded system that can provide for enough content in these minority languages . 
  other countries either have none or it 's underfunded . 
  in catalonia for instance , theatres are forced to dub or subtitle a number of films in catalan regardless of demand . 
  and businesses are forced to label their premises in catalan and optionally in other languages as well . 
  it 's not a generic newspaper ( in theory ) and it recently has been pretty biased towards its interests . 
  things they want to happen `` are going to happen '' , and then they do n't happen . 
  i read it regularly and it has been pretty flawed recently because it 's in eternal crisis mode . 
  losing the plot a little bit . 
  in the uk , the bbc produces a quota of content in scottish gaelic and welsh . 
  in spain , some regional languages are locally protected in similar schemes , or else people would only get media in castilian spanish . 
  the timing of this makes it look like it was obama 's administration pushing to have assange questioned in sweden and extradited . 
  it 's amazing how well it 's working for them . 
  they feed lunatics with a lot of propaganda that they bombard every website with . 
  they are incredibly effective , because they are so determined and diligent . 
  greeks need `` change they can believe in '' ^ ^ tm . 
  too bad obama was a lot more talk than action . 
   why do you think that since trump got elected , the dollar did n't take a dive ... just like the pound did after brexit ? 
  the dollar is the undisputed international reserve currency , especially now after the euro crisis . 
  anything that brings uncertainty makes people long dollars . 
  even if the uncertainty is in america itself . 
  paradoxically , a president who 's seen as rogue and erratic would cause a rally in the short term . 
  italian no matter from where is very similar to spanish . 
  the accents vary significantly in both countries depending on the region . 
  to be fair , not all london is this level of crazy . 
  it 's crazy all right , but there are more affordable areas . 
  it 's relative . 
  i consider this shitty because i 'm used to live in more normal conditions elsewhere . 
  but in london , people are getting used to pay a small fortune for really shitty places so their tolerance for lack of space , quality of construction and age of the utilities is pretty lax . 
  as a matter of fact , the vast majority of people in the area share the flat . 
  by living alone , i 'm already `` in the luxury bracket '' here . 
  to live alone most people just commute very long distances , but that sucks the life out of me .
