  there are idiots everywhere . 
  it 's not as if the pm or the chief of state did it . 
  do n't worry we will still pay for your `` services '' in gbp . 
  if * that 's the case , then these are not foreigners according to federal europe theory . 
  they are full citizens of the eu . 
  otherwise you hate europe . 
  the eu has indeed failed to some degree as gp said . 
  it certainly has n't been an unmitigated success . 
  acknowledging this like the above poster did does n't make him pessimistic or `` eurosceptic '' , it 's just an assessment of the situation . 
  you do n't make things possible by speaking more positively about them than you think . 
  maybe if you are a politician , sometimes you do need to `` sell '' something . 
  but here that mendacious attitude is out of order . 
  i just do n't see all the surplus eurocrat positions removing themselves from their lucrative posts , and those who are not surplus limiting their own power . 
  politics and power just do n't work like this . 
  you need a path from what we have to something working like a described in the post above . 
  wo n't happen on its own without some destruction of the current establishment . 
  i think we should all focus less on words and sentiment and more in facts , strategy and the actual strategy that would make sense for europe . 
  not necessarily the one that can be sold and socially engineered into the most rosy view . 
  seems rather dysfunctional for what looks like professional skills courses ( using uk lingo ) . 
  anti-trust on monopolies and a regulation framework for multinationals are positive . 
  there should be more not less of those . 
  the eec had this attributions but lesser power and experience than we currently have . 
  common standards can be positive if done well , too . 
  unified traffic and transport regulation . 
  maritime law . 
  insurance law that allows more effective claims and resolutions across borders . 
  etc etc. 
  still a lot to do there . 
  things that belong above the national level , rather than creating a federal single nation . 
  all that needs checks and balances too . 
  the limits to them should be solid so that they do n't keep creeping into nations and nullifying them . 
  and there are also attributions that are sensible but are not carried out properly . 
  rather than extending and growing , the union should limit itself and fix the bits that do n't work , then consolidate . 
  this imo requires quite a large dissolution/dismantlement of the current institutions . 
  it 's not about what it sounds like . 
  you can rename it to eu if you want , so long as the scope is the right one . 
  the problem with the eu ( the one that exists right now ) is not its name . 
  that 's almost the same vocabulary michael gove used https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nlc9i_o14q, 
  i have a few bots following these markets . 
  in the exchange market in betfair there is a strong spike towards bremain following obama 's trade threat . 
  i think this will correct as people realise about the real scope of such declarations . 
  the bremain campaign is still ahead but i 'm relatively confident that brexit will close in pretty soon . 
  edit : witness the obama trade threat spike http://i.imgur.com/y3uxifm.png, 
  bookies are relatively good at measuring outcomes - essentially as prediction markets - but this market does n't have much depth . 
  i 've been following it and it 's been moving in both directions . 
  still early to say . 
  for instance look at donald trump , it went from 1 % to 80 % to 70 % in almost no time ( for republican nomination ) . 
  it 's a high uncertainty market . 
  so you are studying early secondary , live 5 hours away from your school , and stay in your barracks-looking dorm all week ? 
  is that a common thing in lithuania ? 
  do you use russian keyboards or is that an import laptop ? 
  wow . 
  http://i.imgur.com/wltx2uo.jpg still some of these pics seem taken in private . 
  thanks for the perspective anyway . 
  i 'm emphasising the fact that he was reading a british-written script from the 10th downing street crew . 
  americans do n't even say `` queue '' . 
  they could have been a bit less obvious . 
  that 's a simplistic argument . 
  i want more eu , just completely different to this eu . 
  i want an eu that is more than the current in some respect and less in others . 
  saying yes to anything coming from yes-men in the ep and ec is not a workable plan towards a functioning eu that people will want to live in . 
  i know plenty of british expats in spain and france . 
  they are overwhelmingly brexiters . 
  the only demographic that is bremainer is young kids studying or working in cafes down in the continent . 
  but they are outnumbered by pensioners at least 1 to 5 . 
  they appear to be a bit scared . 
  they 've been doing this decades before the eu even existed . 
  once the eurozone crashes or spain is kicked out , it will be even cheaper . 
  what are the arguments against ? 
  lithuanian guy who can not hold his phone horizontally to take pictures : - /, 
  fully agreed . 
   i think i was hesitant because not everybody recognises , or at least admits , that the eu is moving in that direction . 
  sure there are many people either failing to recognise it or refusing to admit it , or just ignorant about it . 
  and the bse campaign wants more of them to stay ignorant about it so the dominating factor in the vote is fear of short-term bad economic performance . 
  that 's the strategy of the bse campaign . 
   also , i have encountered some who look forward to the use 's arrival ( splitters ! ) . 
  usually the same bunch who think we 're ready to be done with all borders and the concept of nations . 
  thankfully , not many of these deluded types around . 
   a lot of people ( though probably not the majority ) in uk really do n't like the movement of the eu toward a use , hence the referendum . 
  oh , the vast majority no doubt . 
  this is why the `` in '' camp is relentlessly selling the lie that we are going to `` reform '' europe , have a perennial `` special status '' , etc. 
  essentially nobody in the uk wants a federal superstate . 
  that 's almost used as an insult when referring to the eu . 
  i 'm sure you know ... 
  even better : the european economic community . 
  it worked to the last day when we decided to overreach . 
  china sort of works after massacres and massive coercion of cultures and languages . 
  i do n't want that for europe at all . 
  or the ussr , or modern russian federation . 
  sounds like maybe france or spain to me . 
  it does look much more like that , yes . 
  or the russia . 
   you need a idea and then you need to work for it . 
  with nay-sayers like you there would be nothing done ... ever ... 
  naysayers like me ? 
  you just repeated what i said in that first sentence . 
  you need an idea and then you need to work for it . 
  the problem is that right now , people are being told contradictory ideas and for nefarious reasons : different people all fighting for their interests in a predatory way . 
  [ ... ]  this is the vision . 
  now how do we make it work ?
