  `` oh , brexit did n't happen yet , * we have been saying this all along !, 
  sovereign to the extent you can be within the eu . 
  pretending the are not in the same political union is either disingenuous , or ignorant . 
  different levels of sovereignty apply also within germany now , as they did in 1938 . 
  even a better seller in turkey then . 
  it 's easy to find it online , even from germany . 
  from the same bittorrent/direct download sites every other german under 50 uses . 
  it 's a dual page book like you use to find in ancient literature annotated works . 
  the original page is presented side-by-side with the annotations . 
  i do n't know who are * those * , i honestly do n't know what is the practical difference . 
  you belong to the same union now . 
  what is the practical difference ? 
  just this new edition . 
  a lot more people have this book . 
  it has been for some time , or is n't the eu a union ? 
  it 's significant in that the narrative predicted it should be tanking right now . 
  they 're still in denial about it , forecasting doom anytime now . 
  i 've complained a number of times , not that i think this particular article merits it . 
  it 's true that the mein kampf is selling well . 
  most editions are annotated . 
  what click-baiting ? 
  it 's the actual title of the story verbatim . 
  direct your complaints at the bbc . 
  yep , also turkey can not have the same sort of economic collapse as greece . 
  they can devaluate their debt . 
  they also can not be forced into self-defeating economic policies the same way . 
  duh , it was humour . 
  see in the article , it cites the actual interviewer . 
  you can see her twitter too . 
  so , british . 
  mixed scouser/southern english here . 
  the current situation was already created by humans . 
  the species is virtually extinct because of direct human intervention , and keeping it is almost akin to back-breeding . 
  whether this is justified or not , i guess you can argue . 
  personally i think it is . 
   maybe it 's time to stop ? 
  we are messing about by stopping extinctions already ( if the panda do n't wan na mate , let em die ) , the tigers are different because humans are killing them . 
   the panda 's environment has been greatly reduced by human encroaching , so it 's a grey area there . 
  the panda was doing just fine until that happened . 
  whether its genetic diversity can be recovered is hard to tell . 
   99 % of all extinct species on earth was without human intervention , many species are out there undiscovered or dying and we do n't even know . 
   probably even more than 99 % if you go back to the beginning of life . 
  although we 're trying hard to change this . 
  but precisely those you are mentioned and the one from the article , are notoriously extinct because we made them extinct . 
   animals go extinct for a reason , i mean i do n't see anybody bringing back the dodo or the giant tortoise ( which was known for being very tasty btw ) . 
  these all disappeared by direct human action . 
  that 's the `` reason '' . 
   as a leftist who used to be on the snowden-assange-greenwald bandwagon , you can imagine my confusion at the things this trio has done in the last two years . 
   as for snowden : https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-09-08/snowden-is-turning-into-a-liability-for-putin sorry but your partisanship is blinding you . 
  unfortunately the so-called american left - if you consider the dems to be left-wing - is pretty corrupt . 
  it 's not just the gop . 
   guardian may or may not have mistranslated the interview , but the truth of the matter remains that assange has targeted clinton exclusively . 
  he never targeted trump , or putin for that matter . 
   pretty sure he 'd leak putin docs if they got them . 
  as for trump , he has never been in office anywhere so , as a private businessman he * was * essentially off-bounds wikileaks . 
  that seems semi-acceptable except for the procedure . 
  you 'd have to try them , find out who the people running the smuggling are and jail these . 
  the boat could then be repossessed and auctioned , or destroyed . 
  maybe when it 's overloaded with people , because otherwise they 're fishing boats most of the time . 
  that happened long ago , you did n't notice ? 
  they are allowed to work illegally . 
  i 'm not so sure about this destroying boats just based on suspicion . 
  you could be destroying the livelihood of many innocents . 
  especially if they are in libya 's waters . 
  he changes the past as he has declared this long ago and he 's president-elect . 
  tough shit but that 's just the way it is . 
  also the gop 's view of the eu has been mixed for some time . 
  you said `` the us '' as this was a completely universal view . 
  it is n't , and trump already won the election . 
  trump matters a lot more than obama right now . 
  trump does n't . 
  obama did . 
  that only depends on the approach the us is going to take , and also on the sort of relationship the uk has with the eu in the future . 
  this is simply using international diplomacy for pushing their internal political agenda . 
  this `` election interference '' is something both russia and the usa have been doing for decades . 
  not that there are n't other reasons to crank up sanctions on russia though . 
  99 % of the people have never ever read these , in no member of the eu . 
  that 's honestly what i 'd expect . 
  why do this now when obama 's administration is in its way out , it would make it very hard for trump to deescalate . 
  still hoping the sanctions stay put though . 
   besides , stop pretending that this is n't just pure xenophobia and racism but instead abou favouring commonwealth citizens above eu citizens . 
  theresa may told indian students to f ** k off also , when she visited india post-brexit . 
  that 's the problem with remainers home and abroad . 
  they believe their own caricature of the side opposite . 
  you * want us * to be racist and xenophobic , awww . 
  sorry about that , but by and large it is n't the case . 
  suck it up . 
  yeah , but europe happens to be a completely arbitrary set of countries in the global stage . 
  countries can be outside of the coe just fine , like most of the world is . 
  you do n't ? 
  i certainly do . 
  facts that may butthurt some people but i just spout them anyway , like ireland being rather minor for us compared to having our supreme court back to the top of our judiciary . 
  it 's evidence of something but it 's not clear what . 
  could be like she said , evidence of corrupt businesses being back . 
  make sure you take your meds before posting . 
  not sufficient evidence . 
  her version is that corrupt businesses had been avoiding her supervision and they 're back . 
  these businesses generate revenue . 
  it 's plausible . 
  some proof of the actual corruption is necessary .
