  no military occupation , mostly welcomed by the population and your `` foreign ruling class '' is pure conspiracy bs . 
  is the pis or orban also part of your `` foreign ruling class '' ? 
  it 's not , foreigners are making important decisions without any accountability , either from abroad or through economic domination . 
  i will believe in federal eu when there are no differences between countries in sovereign debt , in taxes , regulation , etc. 
  this is not the case at all . 
  there 's a 2 year period in case of brexit to negotiate new agreements prior to actual brexit . 
  the eu does n't want to settle anything prior to the referendum or even talk about this scenario , because they believe it would make brexit more likely . 
  the number one argument from the remain camp is certainty , currently it 's the only thing they are talking about : fear , uncertainty and doubt . 
  imo this is quite damning on the eu 's part . 
  btw what 's up with that renaud chap ? 
  first i heard about this fresh nonsense . 
  yeah well , but the eu/schengen can not allow this if it wants to be credible as an entity . 
  hence reciprocity to the whole us . 
   you do not have the power to make us do anything that it does not want to . 
  at this moment , eu needs us more than us needs eu . 
  feel free to correct if this is wrong . 
   militarily yes , but commercially it 's the other way around . 
  the eu is the only major bloc that the us is n't bleeding trade balance to massively . 
  as a negotiation standpoint , it does n't help that the us does n't have the option to allow russian overreach . 
  they know that will bite back soonish . 
  absurd fear mongering . 
  people already working in the uk will be eligible for permanent residency , and those with 5 + years in the country are eligible for full citizenship . 
  the housing market can not collapse soon enough . 
  it 's well and truly out of hand . 
  we joined a common market . 
  then it evolved into a common market with increased power for production and market stability . 
  so far so good . 
  then maastricht happened and it was a bit worrying but the countries in we could deal with . 
  then it overreached step by step and with lisbon and juncker things have got decidedly against our interests ( and those of many others , some in denial ) . 
  federalisation was not the point at the start . 
  in fact several countries made that clear including france initially ( but not under hollande ) . 
  the eu grows without any checks and it 's almost guaranteed to collapse on its own if it members can not say `` no '' to more and more centralisation of power , and asymmetric power at that . 
  that would be a plan , but if you look closely you 'll find that it failed miserably . 
  the eu structure has created a relationship of dependency and the poorer countries have had their own industry depleted and colonised by central european countries , and their most productive labour sucked out of them . 
  that 's not a sustainable way to bring countries up together , it 's 19th century style austro-hungarian colonialism . 
  these countries continue poorer and have a foreign ruling class installed . 
  i 've seen that film before and i know how it ends . 
  i think a trade union with the original eu12 worked just fine , everything after that was a step backwards . 
  we need the fishing quotas in the area even past maritime borders , we need probably some framework for heavy industry . 
  we do n't need a political union that goes any further than labour , trade and customs . 
  the rest was expansionism creeping in because bureaucrats love power over more people and more legislation . 
   not really . 
  the uk is a good example of a dysfunctional system of governance . 
  your politicians all come from eton and oxbridge ; unless you 're born in the aristocracy , slim chance you 'll make it anywhere . 
  hardly surprising that people usually elect representatives from the best schools . 
   then there 's the election system , which is hardly the envy of the democratic world . 
  imo the best there is right now , much superior to proportional systems because it 's actually representative , because you can actually interact with your mp and have a chance in hell of changing things locally - even have a by-election . 
  we also have a proportional system , for european representatives . 
  unsurprisingly it 's a disaster and nobody has any idea of what goes on over there until some scandal surfaces . 
   the upper house of the parliament is composed of appointed elites . 
  not to mention the monarchy which , while it 's supposed to be ceremonial , the delegation of power is only based on unwritten conventions . 
  any functional country has a body/house of longer serving people who are n't wiped every 4 or 5 years , and who are not easily swayed by lobbies ( bribes ) or political pressure . 
  it 's a feature . 
  as for the monarchy , i 'm not a fan but it hardly rules the country or has any significance in the governance of the country . 
  as long as most people want it , and this is overwhelmingly the case , it would be questionable to try to abolish it . 
   `` everyone is equal , but some are more equal than others '' perfectly describes the uk . 
  how old are you ? 
  who in his right mind thinks that everyone is equal ? 
   but the eu is the undemocratic one , right ? 
  note that you absolutely failed to describe the eu system and most importantly how it works in practice . 
  like for instance when it ransacked the bank accounts of people in cyprus against all legislation just because `` might is right '' . 
   and the population has been brainwashed to think that the country is held back by the eu . 
  the country is not held back by the eu . 
  the eu increasingly imposes on us conditions that we are not happy with and we have essentially no say about in practice . 
  we also do n't believe in the direction the eu has taken in recent times towards full federalisation . 
  we are not the only ones either , which is why once the uk leaves at least 2-3 countries from northern europe will follow . 
  just wait and see . 
   do you think that all these endemic problems would somehow solve themselves , if only they went at it alone ? 
  what endemic problems ? 
  nothing you said there i believe is a problem . 
   at this point , the uk is a lost cause . 
  personally i 'd rather see them leave . 
  the eu needs to present a more united front in order to stand out and pursue its interests in an increasingly globalised , multipolar world , and the uk is the biggest obstacle to that end . 
  glad to have your support for brexit then . 
  he did edit many pictures and used to have facial hair to cover his scars . 
  but if these younger age pictures are fake , afaik it has n't been proven . 
  i can understand that it 's contested given his normal practices but this part of history when he was robbing banks he silenced it during his regime . 
  even as it stands , uk politics are vastly superior to brussels ' style . 
  i expect it to be remarkably similar to what it is today , which is a bit shit , but better than most of the world . 
  probably without the eu as we know it today . 
  by that , i mean that if the eu exists with its current name it wo n't allow labour migration without restrictions . 
  the current domination through debt will end up either collapsing or being made official somehow . 
  i do n't consider this to be such a massive difference from the current situation . 
  yes he is , it 's one of his infamous mugshots . 
  stalin never looked particularly ugly for his age . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/86/stalin-joseph-1930.jpg as for the ugliness of his acts , the picture of young stalin is from when he was robbing banks with violence . 
  are you on the ales ? 
  the uk government set the whole thing up , pre-arranging the timeline for secession if it happened . 
  the georgian type looks drawn after young stalin . 
  i believe we can fix it with our own people , starting by culling the likes of cameron who use the eu to launder their accountability at home . 
  `` clearly '' based on what ? 
  making conclusions like this it 's probably you who 's fucking clueless . 
   what do you think will happen if the leave-vote wins . 
  cameron wo n't do it , he 'll resign and leave it to the next guy . 
  boris will happen , that 's what . 
  do n't worry , plenty of us eligible to vote are in the same camp as thorbee . 
  that kind of thing is a symptom of one of the main reasons why i 'm for brexit . 
  the eu governance is that of a dysfunctional , corrupt oligarchy . 
  that 's right , i was swayed by the wording of the title . 
  1 consultation .
