  this is not good or bad , it 's just what it is . 
  personally , i do n't mind 1.40 or 1.10 . 
  i think it will probably recover 1.30 soon , but it 's not a big deal either way . 
  it has been low vs the us$ for some time now . 
  $ 1.30 is mid-2014 levels , coming sharply down since early 2014 ( $ 1.40 ) until early 2015 ( $ 1.06 ~ $ 1.12 ) . 
  now we broke these lows . 
  meh , by then there was already some turmoil with the gbp . 
  not long ago it was 1.40 to the pound . 
  in any case , there are pros and cons to having a very strong pound . 
  the current rate is approx the decade 's average and it should be just fine . 
  i do n't think i 'm satisfied about any major european newspaper , including some i had in high regard until recently . 
  maybe in german there 's better ( faz ) but their focus is mainly germany and it 's a bit of a pain to read for me personally . 
  british and american press is sucking very badly these days . 
  euro dropped ~ 1 % vs the yen and the us$ http://i.imgur.com/vltytix.jpg ( for now ) . 
  ciao matteo http://www.reuters.com/article/us-italy-referendum-opposition-iduskbn13t0y3, 
  the press has gone very sensational these days . 
  they do n't want nuanced conclusions , that does n't sell . 
  weird , i thought the expression `` turkeys voting for xmas '' was more international . 
  team panettone \\ o /, 
  panettone, 
   putting a cap on how many people may request asylum that never happens . 
  there may be a cap on the number of asylums granted or considered . 
  but not applications . 
  there are also no caps on eu migration for obvious reasons . 
  i do n't know , ask merkel what does she mean by that . 
  plenty of pensioners in the mediterranean coast . 
  no , they take a plane there . 
  `` no refugee cap in germany '' - let 's see how many do actually move there . 
  yeah , just a few thousand kilometres to each side , making it possible to reach most of europe without crossing a single border control . 
  http://i.imgur.com/49tlpzu.png whatever the underlying data , the narrative is whatever the media previously decided . 
  therefore their conclusions are utterly pointless and pseudoscientific . 
  just making the point that for security concerns , it does matter who enters other eu countries . 
  especially if they are in schengen . 
  sterling was the best performing major currency of the whole world in november . 
  it just did n't fit the media 's narrative . 
  now they come with a `` leading conclusion '' to explain this particular move . 
  you mean , like ahmad al-mohammad who got refugee status in belgium only to suicide-attack in france ? 
  yeah , because land border controls within the eu are so thorough . 
  that 's why they effectively shower quite thoroughly before entering the bath . 
  they enter the bath squeaky clean in japan , which is not reflected in stats because it 's a cultural difference with that area . 
  how does one actually shower ( sponge , etc ) is an important difference too . 
  i did , however the comments and conclusions of `` being filthy '' are made upon the first graph . 
  that 's what i meant by `` out of context '' - and obviously , warm countries need more showers/baths . 
  when i 'm in a hot country i sometimes shower several times a day . 
  the graph is a bit silly read out of context . 
  most of the japanese rinse then bath daily . 
  i assume they only count the bath part . 
  you 're not wrong , but this is not even the main issue . 
  it 's just a symptom of the larger problem of being unable to control our own law to a massive degree , and the existence of a remote body controlled by lobbyists doing the heavy-lifting . 
   murder involves an involuntary victim , this is not the case . 
   that depends entirely on the law , therefore the state bears responsibility . 
  for being able to work remotely , it 's an important factor . 
  then obviously , low cost and simple paperwork are major advantages . 
  otherwise your country would be competing with the caribbean , south-east asia , etc. 
  people do n't move to budapest because of its weather . 
  looks like no is ahead . 
  what are the implications ? 
  fast internet ( bucarest ) and simple , low taxes with special incentives for expats ( sofia ) . 
  i know people who have just moved to sofia from london and run their web businesses from there . 
  both are very cheap comparatively . 
  i visited budapest recently and re prices seemed high indeed , but i do n't know about rental . 
   620 $ gets you 50-60m2 in the city center , in a modern apartment , ideal for expats and people with such expectations . 
  i like budapest but i think bucarest and sofia are far more attractive for expats who can just pick and choose . 
  budapest must be ~ ~ is ~ ~ a bit of a nightmare for the locals . 
  ( so is london ) . 
  if you want to jump off a cliff nobody will stop you , but involving third parties is a different story . 
  the state makes it legal and is therefore party to that activity that would otherwise be considered murder . 
  i have no opinion because i would need to have first hand information to trust my own opinion . 
  it 's just a matter of trust . 
  a lot like with the death penalty , for me the biggest argument against is that mistakes can be made , and life termination is not reversible . 
  that 's the crux of the matter . 
  the degree of belief required in the state and its agents to carry out these assessments consistently right . 
  i find it slightly concerning to have a man killed when he 's obviously not on top of himself to take such a decision . 
  of course . 
  what happened with vw was by design . 
  moderates can choose not to vote if they are portrayed to be just as bad . 
  that sort of rhetoric may get le pen elected . 
  i like how the sign is in slovenian in the slovenian side . 
  but then again the business is registered in slovenia . 
  it 's as if people still believed the guardian and their forecasts . 
  housing means renting as well as buying . 
  when people can not buy , rent goes up as well . 
   seams to me the uk is the most equal country in the eu typo i guess ? 
  also , try italy from north to south . 
  http://i.imgur.com/788bxal.jpg  poor areas are poor by eu levels and the rich are rich by eu level except not really ? 
  especially when you consider how cheaply you can rent or buy in poor areas of the uk compared to poor areas of the eu . 
  places like nottingham are undoubtedly rich to eastern european standards and they are the poorest in the uk . 
  it does n't capture the cost of leaving home then . 
  which is very relevant for young people - which is what this post is about . 
  in spain or italy , emancipation is often a pipe dream . 
  in most of the uk outside of the south-east of england , they have it so much better . 
  unemployment is low , wages are higher and housing is cheaper . 
  yes , it 's worse than in , say , 1995-2005 - but it 's still much better than the vast majority of europe . 
  generally speaking you can not give a single measure for the cost of living , because of things like house ownership changing the question entirely . 
  it 's even worse when the figure is averaged for the country and you have extreme disparities . 
  that 's why these statistics are often quite poor . 
  a better statistic is actual migration flows . 
  obviously that is also flawed , but it 's better at least while the uk still has open borders to the eu . 
  - vik is beach in icelandic . 
  in dutch i believe wijk is settlement .
