  indeed . 
  they are insufferable . 
  firstly you have to say mum , not mom . 
  i love america , but i do n't think a political union will work right now . 
  things like gun control would n't be agreed upon any time soon . 
  buying your house for # 10 . 
  yay !, 
  rep. of ireland . 
  a tiny bit of the british isles . 
  is n't it 5 years ? 
  the childishness is strangely appropriate . 
   your attitude is a reflection of the leave campaigns . 
  you think britains special . 
  that it 's great . 
  no , you start off with a complete strawman . 
  i dislike the project regardless of the actual status of my country at the moment . 
  obviously if we were absolutely destitute then maybe we would be more pressed to accept worse , but i can imagine i 'd want out if i were dutch , or dane , or french or several other nationalities in the eu . 
   you want access to the single market without the safeguards provided by the eu . 
  so , what we voted in the 70s ? 
  yeah that was ok . 
  this is what the thread is about . 
   it does n't matter that the other 27 countries can agree . 
  all of them must stop and listen to what great britain decides unilaterally . 
  it 's not a deal that suits us anymore . 
   you are not special . 
  britain is not great . 
  you piss and shit like the rest of us . 
  lol you are funny , paddy . 
  carry on with that strawman . 
  mish-mash mess pretend us of e that nobody wants or believes , least of all the germans . 
  no , thanks . 
  he resigned effective october 2016 after the tory leadership election . 
  so we 'll see his shiny face for the time being . 
  it 's going to be priceless . 
  exactly . 
  nice first post . 
  yougov polls , not referendum results . 
  northern ireland is not there simply because of yougov 's infrastructure . 
  as for southern ireland , if you want to join the uk you 'll have to consult us . 
  not looking likely any time soon . 
  sorting the eu in record time by leaving . 
  undo lisbon , maastricht , schengen and the $ uro and we 're back in . 
  that means no fm , etc. 
  to the eec as in the late 70s and 80s i 'd sign up no problem . 
  the original 12 so trade deals for the common tariff zone are achievable . 
  not going to happen now , is it ? 
  this whole sub is / r/butthurt at the mo. 
  hahaha . 
  hahaha `` do n't hate us all ''  if in the near future you meet many more brits in europe , that 's because we have all emigrated !, 
  might also be because the uk is in europe and will always be in europe ? 
  with age comes wisdom . 
  european economic community vs project eu superstate . 
  you 're welcome . 
  that would only add uncertainty if rushed in . 
  such a deal would take many years and would n't be completely introduced in one go . 
  fantasies in this particular moment . 
  also , no pressing need for it . 
  nope , there are agreements but they do n't enshrine common institutions or political union . 
  no , we have mutual accords without the necessity of having any foreign government introducing dozens of new laws on everything every week . 
  without `` pooling of sovereignty '' or any such nonsense . 
  old school . 
  we do n't need that . 
  mostly with trade alone it 's fine . 
  there is no real need to have freedom of movement at this point , as the immigration among our countries works very well ( commonwealth ) . 
  there are many of these here , and south africans too . 
  all that is fine and we will do better outside of the eu . 
  by the way , the single country contributing the most other than the us is the uk . 
  it 's not a world of only giants , if you look closely . 
  we will have our alliances just fine without having to create a single state with completely different nations . 
  iceland manages , i 'm sure we will manage as well . 
  no empire dreams , that 's you guys now . 
  it has nothing to do with the eu except the eu might impede its provisions for some contradictions with border control . 
  as for the vote , of course . 
  but good luck with that . 
  ni are british by choice . 
  england is a region of the uk , since much earlier than the us even existed . 
  we do n't have any agreements with the commonwealth that allow us to brexit , but we are confident that we can get these and more . 
  countries the size of the uk can afford to negotiate in the global scale without needing to join political unions and have our laws written elsewhere . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  are you drunk ? 
   not yet , but as soon as i finish in the office i 'll likely be . 
   it has nothing to to with the eu . 
  good read the good friday agreement you fucking dolt . 
  dolt , i mean that we will try to keep it and if the eu tries to stop it then we 'll see how do they go about that . 
  we 'll see if the eu will try to enforce that on us despite prior legislation , and how . 
  just the beginning of a better europe . 
  try that with british territory . 
  okay , you just gave us the shetlands . 
  i mean currently occupied british territory . 
  everything is better with some extra australia in it . 
  geography not your forte ? 
  good luck . 
  thanks man . 
  happy ? 
  wo n't stay low for too long i 'd expect . 
  ecb and boe will intervene . 
  happy days for us . 
  and i want jupiter , but do i have the military power to seize it ? 
  did n't think so . 
  i would ' t want reunification with the southern irish either .
