  about * 300 sq ft all included , i 'd say . 
  this is in south quay/pan peninsula . 
  this and west india quay are the `` proper canary wharf expensive '' areas . 
  if you go towards poplar , or blackwall/boardwalk place , or further away to the south into crossharbour , then it 's a bit cheaper . 
  but then you start getting into the long walk distance and maybe needing to take the tube or the dlr often . 
  it 's going up in recent years about 10 % per year . 
  doubled in under 7 years ( so above 10 % year or year for that period ) . 
  i 'll probably move if they raise my rent again this year . 
  there 's only so much i 'm willing to throw away in the bloody rent . 
  it 's becoming common place to share flats even for bankers and traders in the area . 
  edit : corrected , it was actually smaller - just checked . 
  source : i live in the wharf right now and this is what i personally pay . 
  germans and to some extent french seem to long being a global superpower and antagonising the us . 
  it 's not the most peaceful or cosmopolitan ideal . 
  it was never going to happen . 
  the eu does nothing other than doubling down . 
  look at the talk about an eu army now , or the refugee fiasco . 
  i live in a tiny , mediocre `` studio '' in canary wharf . 
  around here these prices are the bare minimum . 
  his arguments were the most powerful ones . 
  the benns and owens were selling that the eu is wonderful and we should go all-in into it . 
  corbyn campaigned for reform of the eu . 
  but since not even the majority of his party agrees to that , it was a losing battle . 
  i pay almost that * per week * . 
  it can get worse , just look at london . 
  lol but that 's exactly the `` blessing '' we have here in london :-) indeed they pay tax here and that 's the good part , but most of these jobs are entirely mobile . 
  for instance if trump does lower corporate tax to irish levels , many jobs will leave these shores to go back to the us and mostly legal and datacentres will remain over here . 
  should n't really build an economy on this , as london is doing much to the dismay of londoners . 
  there needs to be a balance . 
   donald trump 's promise to slash the us corporate tax rate to 15pc could seriously undermine ireland 's attractiveness as a location for american investment so the threat is that ireland will stop being the dodgy offshore to american businesses ? 
  big deal . 
  mirador de san nicol\u00e1s , gorgeous place . 
  ... as to believe remaining is still an option ? 
  i agree , very naive . 
  also a radically losing strategy . 
  corbyn thankfully knows much better than this . 
  the telegraph is going a bit spectator these days , with some sensational tendencies . 
  might be just the times left : - / and they 're subscription-only . 
  america under trump seems ready to give up on that strategy to swing to british-style `` soft power '' - after all sanctions work incredibly well for them . 
  lol the cnn . 
  that 's all fair but look at the weight of the eu compared to america and asia . 
  it 's shrinking at a quick rate into irrelevance . 
  it remains the main permanent expense of the us military - this is certainly going to change . 
  either because european countries are going to start paying up , or nato is going to be starved out of europe in terms of resources . 
   they used to be quite good , but they took a nosedive to mail levels since the 2015 election . 
  that 's what i 'm gathering . 
  sad to see . 
  he wants to pivot out of europe and the middle east though . 
  the money is in asia and elsewhere . 
  europe is a shrinking and ever more problematic area for the us . 
  use google if you must . 
  he goes with his security escorts everywhere . 
  stop being intentionally obtuse . 
   does he ? 
  where is that ? 
  it 's widely known , and his party insisted after the murder of cox . 
  he has been heckled many times and cornered a few times as well , needing police support to escape . 
  politicians here tend to campaign in the streets and it can get quite dangerous these days , especially when you defend some hot topic . 
  i think manchester united was very damaging for his career , but eventually he 'll be back . 
  it 's incredibly editorialised . 
  pretty poor from the independent tbth . 
  also very damaging for the interests of the country . 
  that 's unfortunate , but it 's certainly happening not just in one direction . 
  neither here in the uk , or in the us . 
  farage needs security escort almost permanently , by the way . 
  i 'm not a fan of his , but it 's the truth and it 's unfortunate . 
  the bullying goes both ways , depending on which area do you live in . 
  certainly here in london , brexiteers were/are under constant intimidation . 
  he managed real sociedad in spain for a bit , and currently he manages sunderland . 
  they 're dead bottom . 
  they do , yes . 
  especially after the murder of jo cox they 've all been very cautious . 
  this is not something to score political points about . 
  recycling at work . 
  belgium is not germany ( yet ) . 
  the trend is well started already . 
  the question is whether it will continue . 
  she wants a referendum and she says she 'd campaign for frexit . 
  obviously , but trump is hinting on changing his tack and focus in asia which is currently more important than europe to the us . 
  certainly economically . 
  so i would be very careful about calling his `` bluff '' - might not be a bluff . 
  some brexiteers also need permanent protection . 
  it 's a hot topic . 
  hardly , because i 'm loving it :-), 
   and how do you prove the opposite ? 
  this is one of those things we just ca n't have the whole picture off , and likely ever wo n't . 
  the best you can do is trust the majority . 
  i do n't . 
  this is why i do n't advocate to silence any opinion . 
   just admit you want muslims to be guilty . 
  what you 're doing is n't some brave , noble search for the truth , it 's just old-fashioned xenophobia . 
  sorry to break it to you , but the attack was conducted by islamists , this much is well established . 
  so the religious link is already 100 % established . 
  the only contention is in the detail and if there are more people who took part on it directly or indirectly , still on the loose . 
  which , obviously , would matter . 
  in any case this has nothing to do with other people who are muslims and are completely innocent . 
  obviously . 
  you need to learn to accept when you have lost a battle , cut your losses and come back stronger . 
  otherwise you will never come back stronger . 
  it 's not like these usually vote much .
