  since people who can prove any romanian relatives can escape the country . 
  good point . 
  it 's not like studying is cheap for a foreigner without access to any local programs or scholarships . 
  i was going to ask about that . 
  if that was representative at all . 
  good to know it really was n't . 
  leave 2 , 3 , 4 . 
  i agree on all accounts with the post i 'm replying to . 
  on 3 , i think it 's still early to say . 
  on 4 , i 'm glad that vote leave are not giving him too much of a platform because he misrepresents a lot of us and he embodies the xenophobic stereotype for a group of people that simply believe we are better outside of the eu as a super-state , which is clearly the direction it 's taking . 
  what i 'm saying is that unpayable debt was n't paid . 
  that 's all . 
  if greece gets out of the euro , of course it will default and/or rebase their debt to their local currency , which they can devaluate . 
  they will be threatened , maybe even expelled from the eu , and that 's the power they are using now . 
  despite of the fact that this debt was socialised into sovereign debt from private too-big-to-fail banks . 
  it absolutely does n't follow that they will have to pay their debt no matter what . 
  germany and many other countries have bankrupted on their debt in history . 
  greece among many other countries condoned germany 's debt in the london debt agreement . 
  it 's an absolute outrage and shows how much of a mafia the eu is . 
  au contraire . 
  that only gives you leverage . 
  khan is selling bojo 's water cannon . 
   they still have to repay their dept you mean like germany did n't a few decades back ? 
  there 's one is n't it ? 
  so how is it the result of sharia law ? 
  does n't look like it . 
  do n't they face big payments this very month ? 
  it 's a bit late for this sort of debate . 
   i 've no desire to though , and the british have that desire the least of all . 
  english does n't belong to us or anybody . 
  you do n't need the british to speak english , or the irish . 
  even if you butcher the language to some degree ( cough cough north america ) . 
  i agree with you on the lack of desire to see the native cultures of europe progressively erased into some sort of nwo smegma . 
  and the eu is to no small degree being built on its mould . 
  the country that abolished it abroad and stopped it with its navy . 
  look it up . 
  the nation that abolished slavery in europe . 
  you are just a few centuries behind , but keep trying . 
  good old yurop rears its ugly racist face again . 
  them as in the remainder of the eu if we left , of course . 
  this chap is essentially retired though . 
  i disagree on almost every point , so i think i 'll just agree to disagree with you here rather than spending much longer stuff that is n't going to be of much use for either of us . 
  i will focus on just a few points and leave it there . 
   the regional differences at the beginning of the united states were incredible not at all , much less in relation to the framework of europe . 
  the us at the time of unification was controlled , organised and structured by colonial british people . 
  it took migration from other parts of europe , especially later on , but by and large in assimilable rates and erasing their heritage . 
  slavery aside , of course , something which still hurts the us social structure . 
  if you want to replicate their * success * you will need to essentially eradicate the native peoples of europe and install a dominating ethnic group . 
  then assimilate migrants in small enough quantities that their cultures and identities are gone within a few generations tops . 
  it would go essentially against the majority . 
  not that the eu is n't progressively going against the majority of its peoples in the course it 's taking . 
   it is of no concern to this discussion , in my view . 
  a federal system allows precisely for such high internal variation . 
  again , the early united states , germany , italy or contemporary indian republic are examples . 
  the only thing we need to agree on is that there are certain interests shared by all member states , that policies addressing these issues are better formulated on a european level , and on a process to create a common government to formulate these policies . 
  germany would be in the top 4-5 closest ethnics to ours . 
  there are many more , most of them much more different to us . 
  all of this is so incredibly unrealistic . 
  to fuse so many different cultures without assimilation or destruction as a single superstate would be unprecedented in the history of humanity . 
  the closest things would be medieval china or the ussr , or in a smaller scale and lesser heterogeneity yugoslavia ( and still failed ) . 
  via enormous coercion and ultimately genocide . 
  the us absolutely did n't form from established ancient cultures that articulated and then somehow homogenised . 
  that sort of union either allows for enough self determination , or ends up in disaster . 
  i absolutely do n't believe that the eu would transition to the integration levels of a single state without this causing enormous friction and conflict . 
  i 'd stay away from this clusterfuck at all costs . 
  i do n't think that sort of conversation is going to end anywhere productive . 
  i 'll leave it at what i said before . 
  i also do n't rate current democracies - would n't want their systems for my country , germany included . 
  long debate that i 'm not willing to get into . 
  ok , thanks . 
  it 's a fundamentally different union . 
  one that does n't have political imposition or superstate-building aspirations . 
  it allows for a lot of diversity . 
  as for the rest , i think your mind is made so i will save us time and leave it there . 
   i 'm not entirely sure what the commonwealth exactly does . 
  it always seemed to me like it 's some sort of reconciliation of the british empire . 
  does it serve an actual purpose , or is it mostly ceremonial ? 
   trade bloc + some collaboration . 
  no political union . 
   someone else i commented on posted a tabloid article , which also mentioned the euro as being a bad thing for the uk . 
  why is that , does it really affect you ? 
  it certainly does as its members bloc-vote on budget decisions to suit their rate and policies , among other things . 
  they are over the qmv limit , which makes it very uncomfortable looking into the future . 
  it 's also looking like it will collapse , which is a problem to everybody . 
  yep , come over and i 'll show you . 
  they 're effectively a banana republic with military power . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4koksv/frances_sarkozy_says_much_of_british_criticism_of/  in other comments , sarkozy took issue with criticism by eu institutions of the conservative governments of hungary and poland over perceived anti-democratic practices . 
   `` as far as i know , ( prime minister viktor orban ) has always respected elections ' verdict , '' he said . 
  `` you ca n't say there is no democracy in hungary . '', 
   `` as far as poland is concerned , i saw the kaczynski brothers in power . 
  they respected european rules , and when they lost , they left . 
  after 50 years under the communist yoke , these countries are functioning democracies . '', 
   the law and justice party of jaroslaw kaczynski was returned to power in an election last october after several years in opposition . 
  his twin brother , former president lech kaczynski , died in a 2010 plane crash . 
  i highly doubt most people from eu countries really know that much about obscure parties from relatively small members . 
  people just judge based on `` orientation '' , symbols , and making analogies with other parties they know . 
  not good enough . 
  time , it needs time to win back our love again i will be there , i will be there love , only love can bring back your love someday i will be there , i will be there i 'll fight , babe , i 'll fight to win back your love again i will be there , i will be there love , only love can break down the wall someday i will be there , i will be there if we 'd go again all the way from the start i would try to change the things that killed our love your pride has built a wall , so strong that i ca n't get through is there really no chance to start once again i 'm loving you, 
  but he 's polite , so i will be voting leave . 
  did that issue dominate the election ?
