  the results can not be too similar because it 's a deeply societal feature , but yeah the pisa scores are not too different - whatever they measure exactly . 
  if you believe you are versed but you think it 's hard to give a binary answer , then you say `` ca n't decide '' . 
  if it 's anything like japan or taiwan , which i know better , they do it by getting kids to study a ridiculous amount of hours . 
  in japan kids go to school by 8:30 -8:45 am , to finish after 3:15 pm and then they usually go to school clubs which is what would count as sports . 
  then there 's `` juku '' cram school ( japanese : \u5b66\u7fd2\u587e gakushuu-juku , taiwan chinese : \u88dc\u7fd2\u73ed buxiban ) where they study extra to meet their grade goals . 
  a lot of kids in asia do that . 
  on top of that , they have plenty of homework . 
  they dedicate ~ 15h per week to homework . 
  kids have virtually no free time on their own , they get home knackered , finish their homework , watch some manga and sleep . 
  by comparison the average western kid has a massive amount of free time . 
  `` european '' nationalism . 
  nah , that 's mostly an artefact of measuring wealth in terms of purchasing power while discounting public services like healthcare etc. 
  of course that 's defended by certain ideologies to push an agenda - autor is british , * of course * - but it 's certainly skewed . 
  quality of life in the uk is certainly better than that of alabama . 
  wealth is a generic term that leaves much room to fiddle things your way . 
  having said that , most of the eu is not in a position to shit on alabama in reddit . 
   uk has somewhat been shitting on europe nope , not really . 
  the eu and europe receive drastically different treatment . 
  not just the sub though . 
  that probably was more of a factor to brexit than supposed income inequality . 
  it 's because hk and macau have different systems and are ranked separately ( and taiwan as well , though more commonly not included in chinese statistics ) . 
  not many of them are fit . 
  a bit too fabulous for male leaders . 
  are you daft ? 
  that 's precisely the point . 
  in the uk , insolvent banks are allowed to croak and the process is managed . 
  in the ez , `` too big to fail doctrine '' is rampant , and they cook the books systematically . 
  who does ? 
  i 'd remember if a big bank like deutsche went south , like rbs , lloyds or northern rock did . 
  it 's not a narrative , but the ascertainment that the eu is unable and even unwilling to solve its debt problems . 
  bank collapses are absolutely fine , in fact i 'd believe in the ez if they were able to let deutsche bank and others fail , as they really should . 
  they wo n't . 
  no , not really . 
  more like since 2014 when it became clear that a lot of the ez is technically insolvent and requires being artificially kept afloat by the ecb . 
  more likely to see the euro as we know it disappear during the next decade than the uk adopting it in any way . 
  no reason to be . 
  current rate is approx . 
  the decade 's average . 
  think of the children . 
  uncertainty over italy 's governance to apply reforms could very well make the eur 1 % weaker . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is , honestly . 
  yea but it 's up something like 40 % since august , so not exactly stable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_speech is not `` everything '', 
  just a simple example of how deflation does n't eliminate all consumption and a level of consumption is reached anyway . 
  sorry , but it 's 2:30 am and i can not waste more time in this . 
  the premise that deflation is inherently bad in unsubstantiated in the first place . 
  also , the notion that demand of all products will converge to zero is completely absurd . 
  with that , i do n't have more time today . 
  ` night . 
  passwords are not free speech . 
  you may want to check your nearest dictionary before spouting stuff like that . 
  people buy what they need and not necessarily more . 
  yep , sounds pretty great for the environment , for starters . 
  prices go down but not indefinitely , precisely because people always have some consumption needs . 
  computers are super deflationary and that does n't stop me from buying them . 
  deflationary spirals can not last long with sound money , precisely because the money 's value is not arbitrarily set . 
  periods of lower consumption of certain goods may happen , which contrary to popular myth is not a catastrophe . 
  it 's also not a catastrophe that people are driven to save rather than consuming at an ever increasing rate . 
  people will consume at the very least when they need to , and generally some more . 
  headlines with may/could/would generally * may * lead to completely unsubstantiated bollocks . 
  i 'm more surprised that this ultra-orthodox sect allows for separation/divorce at all . 
  allow the market to correct overpriced assets rather than ~ ~ robbing ~ ~ devaluing money from people 's pockets . 
  i 'm not sure how are you defining populism . 
  according to laclau theory , most current parties would qualify as populist . 
  i mean centralised monetary policy . 
  or just `` monetary policy '' for short . 
  it was a direct reply to what you just mentioned . 
  there is absolutely no real need for governments/central banks to engineer the value of the money in private hands . 
  more on why in the link . 
  this has n't been a big drop in the wider context - it was a big drop to happen within minutes . 
  we 've been close to 12-y lows for some time . 
  yep there are several things that balance it out , within some margin . 
  that 's why i say i do n't mind 1.40 or 1.10 eur to the gbp . 
  portugal is very cheap compared to most of western europe . 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  also , us$ progress will be partly met with ez inflation . 
  https://mises.org/library/principle-sound-money should keep you busy for a while . 
  pro-tip : you do n't fuck with money and do n't allow infinite self-feeding debt to spiral out of control . 
  not that governments are going to easily give up that power , mind . 
  because twitter links are banned from the sub iirc . 
  i 'm at home now and i do n't have a bloomberg terminal here . 
  source is https://twitter.com/schuldensuehner ( holger zsch\u00e4pitz is senior editor of the financial desk and market maniac at @welt ) link to twit : https://twitter.com/schuldensuehner/status/805552694660399104, 
  it 's the us$ going back to being the sole big reserve currency of the world , with some cameos ( jpy , chf ) . 
  the ez crisis has shaken the global confidence in the eur as a credible alternative to the us$ . 
  last time they made things impossibly hard for them talking about the `` moral hazard '' of it and how would it be a disaster if italy for instance also demanded haircuts . 
  there are many countries in debt trouble in the ez . 
  that 's why i think it wo n't be easy and schaueble may actually be serious about kicking greece out of the ez , to get the rest in line . 
  so , even more censorship ? 
  they still can not pay their debt back . 
  they are in a primary surplus - which means they 'd be able to pay back if not for the interest on their debt . 
  but they are in unsustainable debt . 
  they need a * very drastic * haircut and i do n't think they will get it . 
  it touched below that . 
  then they would default on their eur debt . 
  probably the best for their own sake , to be honest . 
  there 's plenty of sensationalism in the guardian these days , and i used to be a subscriber . 
  they have gone quite radical about their editorial line , and they are publishing a lot of rubbish next to decent articles . 
  some stuff they are publishing is utterly ridiculous . 
  i trade euros regularly , it was over 1.30 for around a year , peaking above 1.40 . 
  prior to that it was in a long upward trend .
