  the vote on whose name to submit to the queen was tied 29-29 . '', 
  i follow the spanish media and i still see a lot of symbolism from early post-franco times , and talk of the `` regime of 1978 '' . 
  but i note your input on this issue . 
  i think it 's a reasonable title . 
  they 'd have to write a very long title to specify all that , which is clearly highlighted in the article . 
  nice . 
  it shows data for france too . 
  81.14 % of nuclear ... 
  i knew it was a lot but i did n't expect that much . 
   we are sending ourselves to the gas chambers by granting turkey visas , let alone eu memberships . 
  it 's precisely why we 're having a referendum in the uk in the first place . 
   this is just one factor among many . 
   brexiters primarily want sovereignty because they disagree with the decisions being made . 
  brexiter here : not at all in my case or in any case i know . 
  above concrete decisions there 's the problem of transparency , democratic representation and legitimate procedure . 
  imagine if austria and australia had essentially the same flag ... 
  unrelated to my post . 
  i 'm talking about osborne peddling how re prices going up and up into insanity it 's a good thing in itself . 
  it 's his conclusions not mine . 
  so , you think `` las dos espa\u00f1as '' are over ? 
  maybe the younger generation , but not the majority of the voters . 
  there 's a continuum of differences and nuances . 
  there 's disambiguation but there 's also style and nuance , and obviously grammatical usages . 
  even when you mean the same thing , it 's not the same to write it down in one script or the other . 
  i do n't want to derail the thread to speak about japanese though . 
  the important bit is that this is not at all digraphia as in serbian or as in hindi-urdu , or hanja-hangul , or turkish when they switched alphabets . 
  japanese uses multiple scripts simultaneously in the same system , but the system is comprehensive and not digraphic . 
  there was massive wealth too . 
  a different story is whether that wealth reached most of the population , but this was also the case in most of the world in these centuries . 
  i speak russian and other slavic languages like serbian , bulgarian , ukrainian and polish all have very strong phonetic equivalences . 
  you may not have enough exposure to other families of languages that you do n't realise how close these languages are and you are focusing in the differences instead ? 
  in any case , this is a waste of time . 
  you think slavic languages do n't have characteristic phonemes mostly common to them . 
  okay . 
  i 'll let everyone judge on that on their own . 
  no , because the usage of kanji or kana makes a substantial difference in the meaning and nuance of what you write . 
   the slavic languages which cyrillic was designed to represent are long gone and the sounds of modern ones are all over the place . 
  the sounds that characterise these languages are there . 
  they are still very , very noticeable and characteristic of that family of languages . 
   cyrillic is therefore as tailored to represent the sounds of polish or czech , as it is in case of french or english . 
  nonsense . 
   if you find english orthography a bit of a clusterfuck , maybe you should try adopting it ? 
  in fact russian transcription of english to cyrillic is very straightforward , predictable and entirely phonetic , making it work out of the box much better than it does for polish . 
  english is hard because of historical reasons . 
  it 's modern pronunciation is relatively young and dynamic compared to other european languages . 
  it 's a mixture of completely different families of languages ( mainly celtic languages early on + germanic languages with a strong influence of saxon runic + norman + french ) . 
  as late as the 1600s there were very strong changes in the pronunciation . 
  it still changed quite significantly in the 20th century . 
  a lot of it has to do with many sounds not having direct representation in latin alphabet . 
  it only makes you richer if you plan to sell out and leave the country , or you have multiple properties and plan to sell one without the intention of buying another . 
  for everybody else , which is an overwhelming majority , it 's a disaster that prices and debt burden stack up ever higher . 
  be it to change homes or just live in your property , it 's bad news that prices go up . 
  not odd at all , the spanish civil war was extremely destructive to spain and dismantled all the governmental and economic structures of the country . 
  you had neighbours and family members killing each other . 
  most european countries have n't had a full-blown civil war in modern history , the closest would be the balkan wars precisely and even then , there were some ethnic boundaries . 
  i do n't think spain has fully recovered from it . 
  there 's a lot of resentment between the perceived descendants of both sides of the war which makes political discourse very hard . 
  franco died in 1975 and memory of his repression is still fresh for the losing side . 
  you 'll find that it 's the other way around , some languages have largely reduced the cyrillic character set rather than expanding it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_cyrillic_alphabet cyrillic was designed to represent slavic languages . 
  this is never going to be the same as adapting a foreign alphabet with markings , even though this may be perfectly workable . 
  for instance english adopted and adapted the latin alphabet and this is partly which orthography and pronunciation are a bit of a clusterfuck . 
  i thought it was perfectly established that they are [ the same language ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian ) the other main languages of ex-yug being slovenian and macedonian . 
  this map compares ppp in 1938 to nominal gdp in 2016 . 
  it would be much more illustrative to compare the same statistic in both years . 
  it was in the third year of its [ civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_civil_war ) . 
  we 're also `` rich '' to buy commodities and imported goods . 
  the biggest burden is housing which sadly the government is traditionally [ openly against solving ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/brexit-would-see-house-prices-fall-significantly-says-george-osborne_uk_572f6214e4b0e6da49a665b2 ) , considering the more expensive the housing the better . 
  so , what was the passage exactly ? 
  i 'm going to assume it 's [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_river_war#1899_unabridged.2c_two-volume_edition ) . 
  the us is not nato . 
  they 'd be also much better off under a more sensible framework . 
  and then the cold war . 
  there 's no reason to panic . 
  ending the eu would be great for everybody , although i 'm no so optimistic . 
  it will be the apocalypse i tell you :-), 
  huh ? 
  the uk imports from germany and france several times more than russia . 
  russia is rather insignificant in this regard . 
   they 'd have to be offered with something moneyish . 
  that wo n't be a problem . 
  they are in the verge of bankruptcy almost by design of the eurozone . 
  still , it will be super-tense and it will embitter the eu massively . 
   on the other hand , maybe uk would be more likely to stay and norway more likely to join into such outereu . 
  eea or [ efta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_free_trade_association ) which is where we came from in the first place . 
  our point of view is the converse . 
  you know many members do n't want what federalists pushed for , yet still want them in . 
  this has consequences . 
   i 'm not sure i follow your reasoning . 
  pre-maastricht plenty of people moved country and then looked for work . 
  i did it myself in luxembourg , germany , and france . 
  i had to have the means to support myself ( i.e. 
  i could n't claim welfare in the new country ) , but that 's still the case today . 
  maastricht did n't change that much . 
   probably if you did n't have family ? 
  it changed the game for many people . 
  also , at the time there were much fewer members with lesser differences among them . 
   fair enough . 
  i 'm interested because i 've noticed several posters , including you , say that they 're okay with `` the eec '' but not with `` the eu '' , and i honestly ca n't tell what the issue is with the latter that did n't exist in the former .
