  why not ? 
  just as you may have a working relationship with german speakers abroad you can have it with spanish speakers . 
  they are many more and they represent a bigger share of the world 's gdp . 
  they also have a massive growth potential . 
  does it matter nowadays ? 
  if it did matter that much then norwegian and finnish would be at the top for them . 
  it 's relevant , but surrounded by even more `` relevant '' languages . 
  not sure why do you assume that the majority of europe was exposed to that sort of education system , or anything remotely similar . 
  both are correct in british english . 
  personally i prefer `` learnt '' . 
  i find it amusing that several people dismiss spanish in this thread . 
  it 's certainly more important than german globally and probably even more important than french . 
  it 's also one of the main retirement and travel destinations for several countries in europe . 
  probably arabic will be more important from the perspective of that demographic . 
  africans increasingly speak english . 
  if you deal with chinese on a regular basis , it 's incredibly useful . 
  they will essentially cut you out of their conversations regularly even if they speak to you in english or through an interpreter . 
  actually german is a lot more likely to be pointless for the average person not living in a german speaking country . 
  they will certainly not cut you out rudely in a business environment , whereas the chinese quite likely will . 
  or even the spanish . 
  spanish is one of the most important languages of the world . 
  german is only important regionally . 
  at some point rules will have to be enforced . 
  the negotiator choice is a decision too . 
  not expecting you to get this if you think it 's a matter of `` moral fibre '' haha . 
  go back to your cave . 
  looking forward to it , but we have a leadership contest first . 
  it wo n't be cameron who will negotiate with brussels . 
  good on them . 
  they are not bribed with our own channelled money . 
  it would hurt the small part of the eu that is productive , massively . 
  that 's why the germans are being very quick to zip it in . 
  no probs mate , i like it . 
  bigger but weaker and with a completely dysfunctional governance . 
  you guys are in for a rude awakening . 
  our current trade imbalance with the eu is so negative , that we have a massive hand vs germany , france , netherlands . 
  we can effectively cut trade to wto levels and it will hurt the eu disproportionately more than us . 
  we 'd actually have solid improvements in some respects , but undeniable disruption . 
  i do n't think the eu want to play hard ball . 
  and actually that 's against the treaties , which at least nominally are bound to avoid disruption as much as possible in the exit of a member . 
  not sure about reddit , but certainly / r/europe and / r/unitedkingdom do deserve a painful death . 
  removed already . 
  the butthurt is real . 
  after we trigger it . 
  when we please . 
  northern league and 5 star are representative enough and could actually launch this referendum . 
  the news are relevant . 
  we are interested in getting out soon , but not sooner than we can sort the leadership out . 
  that 's just the way it is . 
  as for moves , there will be . 
  in and out . 
  not everybody will be winners although i 'm pretty convinced that we will come out on top in the medium term . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  an authority in geopolitics , i see . 
  that 's correct . 
  the only union breaking is the european union . 
  you just watch . 
  just witness us coast :-), 
  we did it !, 
  it was literally a pleasure . 
  have n't slept in 40 hours straight . 
  nah this is the uk , that would never fly . 
  the decisions will be respected . 
  first we need to sort out the leadership and negotiation team . 
  then , of course , we will speak to people . 
  and you will have to just wait because we can trigger # 50 when we please . 
  when it suits us according to the treaties :-) there are deals to make . 
  obviously we need to get the best deal we can . 
  as usual :-), 
  that uncertainty would n't benefit anyone . 
  only if they announced that they would extend it forever , which would be political suicide . 
  yeah , the 2 years are a safety period that needs no agreement . 
  probably the eu will try to resolve things earlier to avoid market havoc , but that will require sorting the position of residents , etc. 
   can you just get the fuck out of eu ? 
  i did my bit . 
  matter of time now hopefully . 
  since the article 50 is invoked , and the period can be both extended or shortened upon mutual agreement . 
  until october at least it wo n't be invoked as the new tory leader will take charge . 
  http://i.imgur.com/oihkyra.png the euro is coming down with us . 
  not a massive fall either , mind . 
   the only choices we have - unless we want to live in this permanent crisis - are either dissolving the euro and the shengenzone , and reducing the eu to a nafta-like free trade area and nothing more , or we go all the way and give away our sovereignity to a federal europe . 
  pretty sure i 'd be downvoted to oblivion for saying that :-d but that 's spot on . 
  the current plan of creeping into a federal superstate with the countries in charge looking only for themselves is well and truly doomed . 
  oh ok , just reread the question . 
  these are similar to uk requirements except you can often keep a dual nationality iirc . 
  yeah it 's much less if you are from a former colony or you have direct family links . 
  well , at the very least there wo n't be article 50 until october , after the tory leadership election . 
  you need 3 years . 
  i doubt we 're out in 3 years to be honest . 
  and if we are , there will be some deal for both eea residents in the uk and vice versa . 
  i believe it 's 10 years of legal residence for spanish citizenship . 
  so , not impossible ? 
  you just need to give up your previous citizenship . 
  if you want to be eu citizen so badly then why not . 
  in the uk , if you are from the eea you need : - no criminal record ( for minor offences you need a clear period since the last one ) - 5 years proven residence - pass the life in the uk test ( anyone living here for 5 years with a bit of study will pass it no problem ) - prove basic english proficiency most eea citizens in the uk will be eligible before article 50 concludes . 
  they 're likely to be just given indefinite leave to remain though , as it would be very problematic otherwise . 
  well , that 's more than article 50 time by a fair shot . 
  so , not a viable plan right now unless some deal is reached to make it possible . 
  it will be the british isles anyway . 
  like ireland , completely dominated by british money .
