  i do n't know about the disclosure requirements in iceland , but if that 's legal and it 's a problem , then you have to change the law . 
  people should be expected to act in their interest within the limits of the law . 
   the be-leavers have to use emotion because there are so many unknowns about the future in the event that they win . 
  the exact same thing can be said about the be-remainers . 
  that 's a sad reality about referendums regarding political issues . 
  it can not be helped . 
  did the pm actually do something illegal in iceland 's case ? 
  i 'm out of the loop . 
  build a wall with bulgaria and albania . 
  and make them pay for it !, 
  reading / r/europe you 'll find loads of these delusional people who are actually happy about the eu , and even if they are n't , they still defend doubling down in the path towards federalisation . 
  ps : ending the eu does n't mean ending the eea or european cooperation in a different framework . 
  it just means that the current model is discarded . 
  note that nobody , even the in camp , likes the eu . 
  they believe we can somehow reform it and/or the cost of leaving is higher than staying . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-corbyn-urges-warts-and-all-backing-for-eu-membership-a6983056.html  `` over the years i have continued to be critical of many decisions taken by the eu and i remain critical of its shortcomings , from its lack of democratic accountability to the institutional pressure to deregulate or privatise public services , '' he will say . 
    `` europe needs to change . 
  but that change can only come from working with our allies in the eu . 
  it 's perfectly possible to be critical and still be convinced we need to remain a member `` . 
  wishful thinking . 
  reality says otherwise . 
  citation needed about people jailed on insulting/defaming tweets . 
  if they want to be continentals and let the eu rule them , then let the spanish share sovereignty . 
  they would n't be llanitos if they did n't want to have their cake and eat it . 
  the report , drafted by romanian socialist mep damian draghici , aims to teach - in his own words - `` positive attitude towards the eu '' . 
  maybe in soviet europe they do n't realise , but it 's not the duty of schools to teach little children any attitudes towards political constructs . 
  do n't bother continuing this convo . 
  `` learn '', 
  you mean the death threats ? 
  does n't seem likely that they would pick up the slack immediately . 
  we only have two years , exporters will struggle for a while . 
  nope , telling lies and propaganda to little children is not teaching . 
  believe it or not . 
  probably turkey is in line with the eu after all . 
  yep , against the will of some members past a certain point . 
  thus the current situation . 
  i read the draft long ago , and actually followed the vote . 
  here 's the thing about the eu : the more i learn about it , the more i want out . 
  propaganda from an interested party brainwashing little kids on political constructs . 
  mentality , as i said . 
  how about you have a look at it before you parrot nonsense ? 
  teaching kids not about the eu , but how `` the eu is good '' and particular political stances . 
  i do n't expect you understand it , because uhmm well ... `` mentality '' . 
  i agree 100 % , we need to keep some balance but tiny numbers should n't be a goal . 
  immigration is also not the main problem with the eu ( right now ) . 
  i know europe well , i 've lived in the continent for years . 
  i think that by and large it 's morally bankrupt , but i 'd be willing to deal with it if we were given space for our differences . 
  but nope , the eu wants to impose a close federation and we just can not breathe in there . 
  if we are not allowed the levels of independence we had at least in the 90s , we have to get out . 
  it will be better for everybody . 
  it is the way it is . 
  what 's the stance on freedom of speech and defamation in norway ? 
  that 's the thing about free speech . 
  if you are not free to say things that are uncomfortable for someone , then you have no free speech at all . 
  even in north korea you can say things that are fine for everybody . 
  i 'm getting the feeling that we can make it happen . 
  the cultural divide is pretty substantial . 
  some people need to wake up to this . 
  the us was founded under common law and classic liberal values that are shared with us . 
  many countries in the continent have a completely different mentality in many respects . 
  check out the latest thing for instance , `` learning eu at school report '' . 
  it 's an orwellian nightmare to teach eu propaganda across the eu to little children . 
  passed 482 to 146 , and every british mep of every party opposed it . 
  if more people paid attention in the uk , we 'd be out already . 
  people just ignore the vast majority of what happens at the eu level . 
  we just happen to pay a bit more attention than most people in the eu , this is why scepticism is rampant . 
  let 's get out of this doomed union . 
  it 's profoundly against our values , and we have no chance in hell to steer it in a direction we can be comfortable with . 
  it 's not going to be easy , but we have to do it . 
  i 'm afraid this is not the way the eu works ... even if the referendum was binding . 
  i mean that the challenge is replacing our exports markets in the eu with new ones . 
  imports are easy , people want our money . 
  dream on , germans will never accept that . 
  and you know it . 
  your unrealistic pipe dream will explode in your face . 
  nice straw man . 
  our imports measure how much we 'd immediately benefit from having unhindered access to other markets . 
  we are forced into a protectionist market in things like agriculture to protect countries like france , italy and spain . 
  we can immediately replace these imports with cheaper ones . 
  the big deal for us in leaving is replacing exports . 
   brexit has never been an actual option for cameron 's administration . 
  he was showing his `` strong will '' for reforms and a possible brexit on your island . 
  behind closed doors he and his administration were always hoping for everything to play out - without brexit . 
  i 'm not surprised that dodgy dave loves the eu as it is today or something very close to it . 
  his support for british values is a fa\u00e7ade . 
   oh and by the way : it 's very interesting to see , that your former colony and commonwealth - `` servant '' india ( embodied by tata ) after all this time , has got britain right at its crown jewels . 
  are you sure that countries like india and china ( you were referring to asia n general ) will still be countries providing you with wealth ? 
  it 's trade and it 's perfectly normal . 
  we will continue trading with everybody and we will negotiate bilaterally as many other nations do , like for instance canada and australia . 
  still in time to get this done . 
  yep , a trade agreement and we always have nato . 
  cool , i like the german eagle and the map of the whole world . 
  we also never hid we were against federal europe . 
  and we 're not the only ones , some other northern countries and also france ( depending on their government ) have historically opposed it . 
  is there a united states of europe which is the biggest english speaking country in the world ? 
  thought so . 
  is europe several continents that can be addressed as europes ? 
  ps : personally i 'm not a fan of the term america/american but it 's the way it is . 
  we 're always alone in our attempts to reform the eu . 
  just look at the last president of the ec election , or the support of the party we created to try to reform the system towards non-federalism .
