  creditor-debtor relations have removed the independence of most nations to vote freely and without coercion in the eu . 
  cameron explicitly allowed freedom of vote . 
  he knew that the issue was loaded enough that he could lose many mps to ukip . 
  that 's why we have by-elections , etc. 
  fptp representative democracy . 
  in a proportional system all representation is diluted and eroded into a [ particracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/particracy ) . 
  the ep is not at all democratic neither in its structure nor in practice . 
  most importantly , not in practice . 
  we have been failing to stop competence creep for some time . 
  from the wording of your question i assume to are focusing in trade/economy . 
  i will address that part only in this message . 
  i think there will be short-term disruption and we will scramble to reach agreements with many countries and with the eu . 
  it depends on who runs these agreements and how , but it wo n't be easy . 
  longer term i think it will be beneficial because the eu is going to have massive problems that we wo n't be able to resolve satisfactorily as members . 
  most mps simply follow the party line regarding the eu . 
  we are all pro-europe and pro-trade . 
  different thing . 
  the mps will follow the mandate of the electorate and people will hold them to that even if they disagree with the result , because we believe in our representative democracy . 
  if brexit loses , i will oppose other means to break up with the eu so long as no significant changes occur , because i have to respect the will of the people . 
  this goes both ways . 
  yep . 
  good old fud . 
  i can fully agree with you on that . 
  in the uk all parties are against `` ever closer union '' . 
  every single one of them , and rightly so imo . 
  but then , some have this delusion that we can stop it by being inside . 
  the honest thing to do for us is to leave . 
  btw there are more countries against `` ever closer union '' - they will have to make up their minds as well . 
  especially if we leave . 
   what proposals are you talking about ? 
  any trade deals that emerge post-brexit . 
  `` the basic idea of the eu '' - there 's many views on that . 
  i certainly love some basic idea of the eu myself . 
  it 's helpless , though . 
  he is quite anti-eu . 
  before being the leader of the party his tune was different . 
  i do like corbyn by the way , but it is what it is . 
  i do n't agree with this theory that we can somehow sort the eu . 
  looking at the composition of the eu parliament and at the creditor-debtor relationships that have emerged , we have no say at all in the eu . 
  this is the reality and trust me , i 'd like it to be otherwise . 
  they are in disarray . 
  if they lose the referendum , then bojo is in . 
  no two ways about that . 
  in any case , proposals have to pass in the parliament . 
  i repeat , this is not the eussr . 
  you just can not stop making up straw men , can you . 
  by the way , it is insulting and dismissive , but that 's not the conclusion of his message . 
  what you say about superiority or uk privilege is also 100 % made up by you . 
  nope , proposals will be negotiated by whoever is in charge of the government - cameron is done if he loses this referendum . 
  mps will vote on the deal whatever it is , because this is not the eussr . 
  nice way to just make up stuff that has nothing to do with what i 'm talking about . 
  i do n't understand the logic in this reply . 
  superior human being ? 
  uk privileges ? 
  what ? 
  he 's just saying something obvious , the uk can trade without the need of bloc agreement . 
  the rest of the straw man you made it yourself . 
  he did n't say that , `` mate '' . 
  he pretended i called federalists delusional . 
  which i think they are , but i did n't do that in this instance . 
   it 's getting boring to discuss with people who refuse to admit a misunderstanding . 
  i 'm not continuing this boring conversation . 
  outside of a bunch of angsty teenagers , people agree and accept the uk 's representative democracy . 
  a far cry from what happens in the eu level . 
  i like where it says ` nee is nee ' . 
  if we get brexit done by end of june , we can have a canada-uk agreement drafted by august . 
  having said that , i understand the discontent on romania 's part . 
  why would they do that ? 
  this parallel makes no sense . 
  and when did i do that ? 
  it 's getting boring to discuss with people who refuse to admit a misunderstanding . 
  leadingthenet made up that i had just called federalists delusional , and now i 'm here wasting my time with people who seem to have a lot of trouble understanding the difference between that and what i actually said . 
  the poster simply failed to understand what he was replying about . 
  hopefully we wo n't stay to have this affect our schools . 
  correct . 
  ask the germans . 
  that 's a clear loophole , this is why gifts and title transfers out of the market are regulated in most places . 
  but well , he did it while it was legal , apparently . 
  but how 's it popular i 'm not sure . 
  but is this illegal ? 
  that 's the question . 
  loopholes have to be closed or expected to be used . 
  note that i 'd vote for this guy though . 
    whoever is happy about how the eu is working right now is delusional . 
   reading / r/europe you 'll find loads of these delusional people, 
  the status-quo of a union moving in a certain direction is also full of unknowns . 
  although i can agree that purely in the short-term there would be disruption . 
  and i 'm willing to take it . 
  brexiters by and large are agreeing and being honest about this . 
   do n't bother continuing this convo . 
  learn to read english , i 'm just quoting gp using his own term to describe people who believe the eu works well now . 
  this is a pointless figure . 
  the eu is not at all united as history shows . 
  us leaving eu trade is a big blow to certain exporters that run the eu . 
  our trade balance is so negative with the eu that we stand very decent chances to win from trade freedom outside of the eu framework - not immediately though . 
  innocent question : have you been following eu votes and elections during the last 3-4 years at least ? 
  because in all honesty , we do n't have a chance in hell to change the course of the eu - we are extremely isolated there except to agree to everything the eurocore pushes ahead . 
  the reasons for this are mixed . 
  even countries agreeing to us occasionally vote against us to suck up to creditor nations of the eurozone . 
  the eu as a democratic institution is completely done .
