  sweet !, 
  why do you feel the need to put words in my mouth ? 
  not the first one either . 
  by the way , norway are bound by around 10 % of the regulations which is what 's currently making it to eea . 
  and there are movements to pull out of that as well , which would surely be helped by us leaving . 
  see my other reply to a sibling post for more detail on what i meant as opposed to what you just said . 
  do n't they realise that their government has absolutely no say in this ? 
  wow this is seriously colonialism on steroids you are suggesting here . 
  keep them debt crippled and force millions of refugees on them with the liquidity trigger at the ready . 
  indeed , it would be the best for the peoples of europe . 
  more so if it signals the end of the current structure of the eu . 
  it would still be wwe would n't it ? 
  it does seem that perceived religion/ethnicity has something to do with it . 
  by the way , southern and eastern europe are as white as northern europe nowadays if not more . 
  as with most matters eu , most of the eu does n't know or care about particular smaller members . 
  this issue is almost completely ignored in the media from most western and southern countries away from the area . 
  some editorialised 5th page mention here and there . 
  lies , i went to munich and got a few myself . 
  i had to pay for it though which is probably what he meant . 
  concentrated , unadulterated xenophobia in several of these maps . 
  these principles do count as heritage . 
  heritage is not just genetics . 
  it was a rhetorical question , but ok - good man i 'm voting leave as well . 
  have fun expelling southern and eastern europe including france ... southern and mediterranean europe would have more resources , gdp and military power than this white western europe of yours :d, 
  intermarry them . 
  they are way too inbred already anyway . 
  all of which is highly dysfunctional at the moment . 
  why would you strive for something that does n't work ? 
  that a well reasoned comment like this gets downvoted here makes me happy . 
  it shows the butthurt and the desperation . 
  do n't think so . 
   words = = emotional undertone . 
  really ? 
  your * emotional undertones * do n't make any sense . 
  it may have something to do with reading comprehension . 
  comments ! = emotional undertone . 
  what do you think is emotional up there exactly ? 
  what emotional undertone ? 
  you may be imagining things . 
  if they want out , they should have voted out . 
  same applies to us . 
  yes , i agree with his original premise that if you do n't identify with the whole and every member then you should not be in a political union . 
  very solid result . 
  78 % - well done . 
  camborne are absolutely finished in the event of brexit and they know it . 
  let alone if they went ahead and accepted fm from the eu . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with that focus , but that 's the political reality . 
  no , i think you missed where i said that if you do n't accept the will of the whole of the uk as yours then you have to leave the uk . 
  what happens afterwards to your newly created country would be none of my business . 
  we 'd defend our interests and you defend yours the best you can . 
  that 's always going to be the case when a split happens , and the same applies for brexit . 
  i agree with qyuburt _ , if you think the english , the northern irish and the welsh are as foreign as the portuguese or the slovak for instance , then surely you should leave the uk . 
  then man up and accept the consequences . 
  the same applies to this referendum . 
  there will be positives and negatives to it , we have to deal with the negatives if we choose to leave . 
   that would be devastating ... pay in , no rebates , free movement ? 
  that would be a shitshow no , i do n't expect any of that . 
  i was talking about the relations with the eu , not about monetary details . 
  i think free movement wo n't happen , the mandate against it is strong if brexit wins given the current focus of the campaign . 
  i agree that if the scottish do n't accept the decision of all the uk as their own , they should leave the union . 
  it 's pretty self evident that the eu is composed by many different peoples who do n't recognise each other as truly their own . 
  in the case of the uk , after 3 centuries of scottish membership and even more in the case of wales , the lines are blurred . 
  our government decided to establish assemblies with cherry-picked scopes of political power in scotland and wales quite recently . 
  but not in england , by the way . 
  i think that was politically convenient for blair but now we have way too many layers of governance in parts of the country , and then on top we have the eu . 
  he brought a significant border back where there was none other than a historical/imaginary one . 
  i thought the debate of the scottish referendum was also based on fear and materialism . 
  if the scottish do n't identify with the uk as a nation and are not willing to accept the will of the whole of it for nation-wide decisions , then they should have voted out in the referendum even if the economy may suffer in the short term . 
  a democracy does n't work when the minority systematically wo n't accept the will of the majority . 
  if a group of people refuses to identify with the country for whatever reason , you have a broken society . 
  inside of scotland you have large regions that apparently do n't identify with holyrood any more than they identify with westminster . 
  so where does this stop ? 
  that 's how you balkanise a country . 
  as for me , i 'm for leave but i will accept the result even if scotland or wales or ni swing it to remain . 
  because frankly i do n't see them as different peoples to the english in this moment in history , other than in the imagination of some . 
   simply put , people vastly overestimate the power of the eu to dictate local affairs . 
  seeing as we 're a very recent new member , i can say with confidence that there was no huge impact , only a number of small , quality of life improvements when traveling , shopping and doing business with people from other eu member states . 
   that 's because these changes creep in over time . 
  it 's like this by design . 
  the eu allows its new members to grandfather in most of their old normative so long as it passed the pre-entry negotiation . 
  take for instance vat . 
  it would be illegal for many members to have vat as low as some of the other members . 
  then , over time , there 's effort to harmonise it and also allow single member changes as long as all members agree to it . 
  the eu sets constraints that are rather quiet and hard to notice because of the few dozen new items * every week * ( laws , regulations , directives , etc ) that come from the eu , almost none get attention from the public . 
  but afterwards , all lawmaking and reform in every member is affected by it . 
  people only notice when some token detail affects them or they discover it years later , which has the effect of making it look like a fact of life . 
  our relations with the eu would be probably more similar to these of norway . 
  do n't expect much of a thrill unless it does cause a domino effect and massive changes in the eu . 
  i do n't think any of that would be immediate . 
  there will be negativity about the current direction of the project - a good thing imo - and as the gdp of the eu falls well behind that of the usa . 
  it will take years to unlink the uk from the political union structure of the eu . 
  open it in an incognito/private window . 
   how are they ? 
  we are alright , we have a long weekend and the best weather in a while . 
   is it in the eu ? 
  yes we are , but with a bit of luck not for long . 
  we 'll always be in europe though . 
  cyprus is real . 
  it 's not so surprising . 
  lack of awareness is rife in the population and the eu 's propaganda machine is well funded .
