  my tax pounds at work ... 
  oh you 're talking about scotland . 
  i thought you were talking about the uk post-brexit . 
  yep , campaign fear is on at full blast . 
  there 's a constant onslaught from the major news agencies . 
  why exactly ? 
  we 're not even in the eurozone . 
  if osborne wants to meet his targets he will have to ramp up the cuts in spending * again * very soon . 
  they wish they were so influential . 
  it 's expected either way . 
  let our democratically elected representatives decide on the same regulations . 
  they will be accountable to them . 
  it 's trivial when you can always say `` could '' and then you do n't have to answer for having an appalling record at it , no better than making random predictions . 
  i thought the fear argument was stupid back then as well , as was the argument of `` we 'll be rich ! '', 
  let the fear flow through you . 
  the imf could get a prediction right one day . 
  the uk is a country and so is the us . 
  so far the eu does n't have the competence to establish parliamentary law inside its members . 
  the eu already lords it over us . 
  over 50 % of the law and regulations that apply in the uk were decided in brussels . 
   hungary might choose to abstain . 
  the eu has ways to pressure them too . 
  they might just start proceedings against hungary at the same time , then say that gives them no right to vote on poland , for example . 
  wow , you seem to love soviet ways . 
  but why would the eu discuss polish internal affairs in the first place ? 
  one would need massive consensus to do something as radical as that imo . 
  i 'm out of the loop . 
  what 's going on in poland ? 
  did they choose the `` wrong '' people for government ? 
  the hmrc investigated his case and determined it was entirely legal . 
  never got in any legal trouble for it . 
  taxes are not voluntary contributions . 
  that 's the whole point , it 's not a charity system . 
  if you do n't want people to find ways to pay 1 % income tax when they are able to , make it illegal . 
  cameron 's dad - and he had a stake - domiciled his investment in bahamas to pay less tax . 
  also perfectly legal . 
  but dodgy dave is a hypocrite , make no mistake about it . 
  obviously he had never have a proper job unlike carr , so it was n't income tax that he avoided . 
  ps : note that avoidance is not evasion . 
  * fixed typo, 
  neither did jimmy carr . 
  dennis skinner ( labour , aka the beast of bolsover ) got kicked out for the `` dodgy dave '' remark , upon being asked to retract it and doubling down on it . 
  i did n't watch the rest of it but i assume the other man you are talking about is the speaker , john bercow . 
   how can that possibly be the single damning thing about this affair ? 
  why is having called out people for doing something wrong suddenly a `` damning thing '' now that it turned out that he has n't done anything wrong himself . 
  that 's because having money in offshore accounts is n't either illegal or wrong in this country , in itself . 
   before `` this affair '' , he had n't done anything wrong , and now because of `` this affair '' , he still has n't done anything wrong , but is somehow now magically a hypocrite . 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  it ca n't be the single thing in an affair that you turn out to be a hypocrite . 
  there 'd have to be at least a second thing that you were hypocritical about . 
  there 's a lot of demagoguery in this particular case . 
  there are people who have used these shell companies in tax havens to hide away stolen money , or money they were moving in criminal operations , or even simply laundering money not properly taxed in their own jurisdictions . 
  blood money in some cases . 
  that * is * wrong , but having a foreign investment or a company domiciled abroad to declare for earnings that are not attached to a particular jurisdiction , that is perfectly legal in the uk . 
  what jimmy carr did is absolutely legal and just fine in the uk . 
  by the looks of it , dave was doing something similar although not all details have surfaced yet . 
  but he 's a proven hypocrite and in this instance there 's a clear record of it . 
  this is the single damning thing about this affair . 
  he was a demagogue back then and it 's hitting him now . 
  suck it up , dodgy dave . 
  good job , david davis and tom watson . 
  well done . 
  grandparents are just 2 generations back and these tribes date from thousands of years ago . 
  shots fired !, 
  but you have a point . 
  there 's already one picture of serbia . 
  reminds me of avila in spain . 
  andorra is gorgeous throughout . 
   another problem is that i may die before my daughter marries . 
   man . 
  why should you day before even 70 ? 
  seems pessimistic . 
   the argument of a child who does n't understand blocked . 
  bored of your insulting remarks . 
   i 'm not interested in background of people of britain ( sorry ) ca n't help you understand if you are not willing to understand . 
  look , if you do n't want to know why the uk is a much superior system of governance than a sort of mafia without any checks and balances , then you wo n't understand why we do n't want to lower ourselves to that . 
  for you it 's probably a step up from being a satellite state of the soviet union . 
  i can understand that . 
  because of the stuff i have already told you several times . 
  see https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4e9zrj/i_resigned_so_i_could_tell_the_truth_about_brexit/d1yogoq off this convo because it 's going in circles . 
  because `` it does n't seem to be based on anything in reality '' ? 
  good job ignoring everything i just said . 
  anyway , this is a waste of time . 
  have a nice day . 
   then you 're a poor scientist . 
  we can say unequivocally that under brexit we would be unceremoniously removed to a vast number of beneficial treaties to us . 
  that we know for sure . 
  but we do n't know what would be able to attain . 
  have a read : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falsifiability and then you can probably talk about `` proof '' with a minimum of precision . 
   you 've openly admitted to already having your mind made up before the discussion began and do n't care about the facts unless they support your outcome already , which is the absolute antithesis of the scientific method . 
  no , i 've told you that the economic argument is secondary to me . 
  thus , the agreements are secondary to me as well . 
  is n't that clear ? 
  i do n't talk for other people , there are people making an economic argument but for me it 's rather unimportant in comparison with the loss of any semblance of democratic representation . 
  you are just focusing in stuff i repeatedly told you it does n't matter to me as much . 
  i 'm aware i can not prove that the economy will be better or worse as a result of brexit . 
  whoever says he can , is either stupid or deluded . 
  i completely accept your point of view , it 's you who have problems with mine . 
  you are fine with brussels passing more than half of the law in my country in a sweeping take-it-or-leave-it deal . 
  i 'm just not .
