  if they were , ukip would have won in a landslide . 
  the uk is a whole lot better than the us in religious and racial tolerance . 
  not even close . 
  in other respects we are quite close , but that 's because you are a spin-off from the british empire of the 1700s , so not very surprising . 
  i 'd bet the other way , and i work in finance . 
  no clear consensus about this . 
  short term there would be movements that i do n't think they will be consistent with the longer effects . 
  but all that is pure speculation , and imo secondary . 
  frankly i do n't think it matters for this . 
  the uk is out of these negotiations as they 're schengen-only . 
   lol keep telling yourself that heh yeah , i 'm perfectly aware of what people are saying in my circles . 
   i doubt you even believe what you are saying maybe you should consider that i know what i personally believe better than you . 
   no one has mentioned his religion at all ? 
  correct . 
   and the only people that did were chavs ? 
  sorry , this is just completely unbelievable . 
  i 'm just saying that people in my circles did n't mention . 
  the chav remark is just an assumption . 
  probably muslims ( around 1/8 of the population ) also mention it , positively . 
  you 'd be surprised how little people care about race and ethnicity in london . 
  people here care a lot more about what you do and how much you make . 
  from all the places i 've been , it 's by far the most oblivious to race . 
  the uk is not schengen . 
  whatever the outcome there will be movements , but until the day of the referendum the polls speculation has been all priced in . 
  it 's too close to call . 
   `` we will go our way , you go yours , '' he said in a speech broadcast live on television . . deal . 
  remind me again , when has britain first had any significant support ? 
  these pieces actually push the complete opposite . 
  there is no problem with the mayor being a muslim , despite the implications of some major american press and maybe even some local tabloids here . 
  i feel perfectly comfortable with a muslim mayor . 
  i live in london , and nobody in my circles had even mentioned that when discussing the election . 
  maybe among chavs it 's different . 
  respecting local cultures does n't mean you need to split the country . 
  you have an european federalist flair and you do n't think an old country like spain can not hold together despite having different cultures ? 
  sounds sensible . 
  we could be doing a better job with welsh , scottish gaelic and irish gaelic . 
  it was originally just the bell . 
  it extended to refer to the clock and the whole tower . 
  because i 've been reading the american press for a few days obsessed about him being a muslim , whereas here nobody even mentions . 
  maybe yurop is more like america , but the uk is not in this particular respect . 
  by the way , a few americans have commented already . 
  oh , and this is a link to cnn . 
  lol that 's a good joke . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  we do n't need to be sold anything by dodgy dave , who 's actually selling the opposite . 
  we can just look at the numbers . 
  http://softpower30.portland-communications.com/pdfs/the_soft_power_30.pdf page 25 for the lazy . 
  in terms of trade and finance , we actually are , yes . 
  a smaller economy , but a very strong * soft power * . 
  no , but countries like japan , the us or china do . 
  some people not understanding the concept of sovereignty . 
  unsurprising from the guardian . 
  i 'm in the uk and what i 'm seeing is that most bremainers are delusional . 
  they think that a new deal above the ones we already have with the us and that will be reinstated , or above the wto general framework , are actually the most pressing issue about regaining sovereignty . 
  or that most of the brexiters would n't pay good money to have the country back , regardless of the complete uncertainty of the economic outcomes decades in the future . 
  thanks mate , i 'll also celebrate leaving the reich . 
  both of us happy . 
  it was actually more of a bluff . 
  `` if you leave the eu , we wo n't have a trade deal in many years even though we had trade deals with minor countries in 1 or 2 years '' . 
  the back of the queue comment was out of line , plain and simple . 
  you can go ahead pretending it was n't , but in the uk most people understand the tone of his declarations . 
  they do n't need to be , it was agreed to in `` negotiations '' , which as juncker said `` i am for secret , dark debates '' . 
   `` the idea of one eu state , one vision ... was an illusion , '' said tusk , a former polish prime minister , who is now tasked with finding consensus and cohesion amongst eu leaders . 
  i find it interesting that he said that . 
  yep , all of the eu . 
  i 'm not a khan supporter . 
  both candidates seemed okay to me . 
  by the way goldsmith is jewish , and nobody cares either . 
  and ken livingstone before that . 
  no , because the first thing you mentioned actually caused a lot of bloodshed in the uk , and the second is not even real save for a few nutters . 
  i 'm just stating that you have just repeated a post i just replied to . 
  waste of time for both of us . 
  greece , italy and spain are the developments to watch in the near future . 
  brexit is mostly accounted for until the day of the referendum . 
  your post is not original , there are more posts above `` interpreting '' obama this way . 
  it 's just obvious that he did more than that . 
  `` shared platforms '' . 
  you 're buying into this sensational bullshit . 
  any leader will have to `` share platforms '' with extremists . 
  bill clinton shared platforms with arafat and sharon . 
  john major `` shared platforms '' with adams and other ira leaders and that 's how we ended the bloodshed . 
  talking to these groups is exactly what you do when you can not eliminate them militarily . 
  if you want to help the situation at all . 
  you might have been reading too much murdoch press . 
  interesting read , thanks for posting it . 
  it will still be unofficially boaty mcboatface . 
  this is like when they renamed st. stephen 's tower to elizabeth tower . 
  it 's neither , it 's big ben . 
  not sure what you 've read , but i do n't find him controversial at all . 
  both candidates were perfectly fine other than their political differences . 
  this demonisation of the opponent is something only die-hards have been pushing . 
  this is not a banana republic and the press is n't quite as bad as the american one yet except for the red-top tabloids . 
  that would have been a completely different statement to the one he actually made . 
  the us trades with all the world , being lesser priority than the eu ( or china + pacific , which currently is # 1 for the us ) does n't mean `` back of the queue '' . 
  the us has a full bilateral trade agreement with oman , i 'm pretty sure the 5th economy can also strike a deal and it would be better suited for both parties . 
  even if it took longer than a couple of years . 
  i think obama did work to some degree for the remain campaign , but this wo n't have any effect . 
  americans seem obsessed with his religion . 
  nobody cares around here . 
  you do n't need to stress yourself with interpretations .
