  after that it was clear we have no say in the eu in regards to governance , and we are deeply at odds with the direction it 's taking . 
  a lot of people over here are still in denial though . 
  they 'd never be allowed in the eu to have such a regime . 
  man up . 
  we insult our respective leaders constantly in the civilised world . 
  excluding agricultural goods would be massively in our favour , as we can get much better deals outside of the eu which we ca n't now because of eu protectionism . 
  but i agree , i 'm not expecting that good of a settlement . 
  we 'd sky-rocket with a deal like that and no functioning country would want to stay in the eu . 
  we pay dearly for access to the customs union . 
  if the eu wants to give us free access then great , but i doubt it . 
  we also want to control our borders again now that the eu is allowing millions of wretchedly poor people in , and our lower end employment market is overstretched - together with housing and health services , which are in a very dire situation at the moment because of the unsustainable influx of population . 
  i have n't copypasta'ed a single thing . 
   what makes you think gr is in any position to do so ? 
  that the eurocore will try harder now to appease discontent right now and to lessen visibility on the debt situation . 
  gr should declare they are bankrupt and do it asap . 
  it 's the truth and it wo n't help them to hide it until they can be denied liquidity again and we have the same spectacle as last time . 
  not really , as soon as next year they have huge repayments . 
  but they are not able to pay the smaller ones either . 
  the whole point is that they should accelerate a resolution rather than delay it until the last desperate moment as they have been doing until now , which is n't the best situation to negotiate anything . 
  leveraging also that the eu will try to silence discontent at a time there is a referendum looming . 
  http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ 4 billion euros + in june this year in time for the referendum . 
  this might be `` fun '' . 
  edit : http://imgur.com/a/zjucy - if you can not see the link in the wsj, 
  see the first message above . 
  gr highlights how the eu economic and governance models are unworkable . 
  the eu will try to silence these matters before the referendum . 
   and those are great news against federalization . 
  how so ? 
  if you want a decent federation , rules must be set clearly and countries given the choice not to join it initially . 
  not this federalisation creep that will end up breaking in a nasty way otherwise . 
  can you point to me what part of the treaties are they breaking exactly ? 
  because there are very disparate governance models in the eu right now . 
  on the bright side there will be a clearer path to leave shall denmark choose to . 
  with subtitles : https://youtu.be/kpoq02l4egc, 
  they had mixed views about it . 
  in the early 90s they were against . 
  just for the sake of fairness , they were n't always wrong . 
  in the uk if you dig a bit you can find stuff ... but not otherwise because sediment layers of such ancient remains as we have in europe are generally much deeper below . 
  for instance , last month close to a mate 's house : http://www.epsomguardian.co.uk/news/14351249.epsom_s_oldest_crime_scene__construction_workers_unearth_skeleton_thought_to_be_from_iron_age_on_building_site/, 
  it will soon be online elsewhere i 'm sure . 
  will msg you here if i see it . 
  i mean tax levels higher and less competitive than these in central europe , starting with energy but also labour and corporate taxes . 
  i do n't mean anything radical . 
  the direction the eu has taken is one that wo n't work otherwise , by binding their currencies and increasingly their internal decision making - including immigration . 
  it 's doomed either way imo . 
  neither am i ( ? ), 
  some countries are not interested in letting these countries reform and be competitive . 
  they impose taxation regimes on them such that industrial activity is not feasible at a competitive level . 
  just look at the changes in their tax regimes during the last decade . 
  this is an asymmetric model of federal europe that simply can not work . 
  hopefully we will soon find out . 
  so much for the eu-12 then . 
  and the rest of the world , yes . 
  if they do n't want to trade with us we 'll have to . 
  it 's their choice , but we wo n't allow for full freedom of labour movement within the eu that 's pretty clear . 
  we can not afford to . 
  they also can not pay . 
  germany will have to make their mind about either forcing them out or paying . 
  there is no way that they will pay their debt , it 's just impossible . 
  it 's in their best interest to end this situation , both for greece and the creditor nations . 
  it 's sensible within certain measures . 
  it does n't make sense to pay more for eu produce than we 'd pay for commonwealth and african produce . 
  the uk would n't be bound by the ttip outside of the eu . 
  this is fact . 
  also the branch of the conservatives that want that would be extremely undermined by losing the referendum . 
  forcing a settlement of their debt that they can pay , unlike the previous `` negotiations '' . 
  yeah man , we 're doing great . 
  funny you say that , but ttipers are solidly in the pro-eu branch of the conservative party . 
  after brexit we would be out of ttip too , which i celebrate . 
  if we stay in the eu we will have to swallow the ttip together with the rest of the proverbial eu cock . 
  i 'd rather not be in the customs union at that cost . 
  we have a massive trade deficit with the eu , so what we will be looking to substitute is mostly imports . 
  their choice if they want their trade to plummet so much , we can open trade with africa and the commonwealth , which are on the rise . 
  without the uk , federalism will likely become very dominant . 
  countries which do n't want that will have to also leave . 
  i think this resolution is best for everybody . 
  * edited for typo/grammar, 
  they will try to silence the show until the brexit referendum . 
  if the greek are smart they will force an early resolution . 
  it 's a great country with a great base mentality . 
  they will turn out alright . 
  thanks for your concerns , but i would n't worry too much . 
  we 'll be okay . 
  come on lads and lasses . 
  let 's get this done . 
  its principles as a constitutional republic are far ahead of the eu - which is an informal tyranny based on subjugation through engineered debt - and also ahead of individual countries like germany . 
  but that 's in principle . 
  in practice , sadly the state of affairs in the us is pretty bad at the moment because of the sort of [ inverted totalitarianism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inverted_totalitarianism ) that has emerged . 
  hopefully they will snap out of it . 
  afaics continental europe is politically very backwards to this day . 
  central european democratic systems are laughable save for switzerland . 
  just see at the mafioso dealings behind closed doors when it came to `` sort '' the greek debt crisis . 
  i do n't think their mentality has changed in the essential since you-know-when . 
  it 's a matter of opportunity . 
  funny how you can not understand a simple answer  at least you learnt something today . 
  the eu is not 20 years old . 
  the uk already had a referendum concerning the union . 
  etc etc. 
  at this rate you will finally learn what the eu really is about . 
  :-) have a nice day .
