  you 'll notice when they do . 
  italian banks are very loaded on bad debt . 
  let 's see in three years time if mellon was right about his timeframes . 
  right now , i can see why he thinks so but how long can the situation hold , i do n't know . 
  you 'll be the first to know :-), 
  this is the same guy who green-lit the bombing of belgrade . 
  user name does n't quite check out . 
  must be going senile . 
  does n't seem to remember the 90s . 
   a city boy who bases his business on the isle of man ( wonder why ? ), 
  he 's not from the city . 
   looks like a friend of farage no idea . 
   an expert on eu law and politics because `` he has a house in brussels '' he has plenty of investments in the eu . 
   has a special bone to pick against france and italy for some reason he did n't say anything untrue . 
   calls himself an economist than goes on to say that the uk is the largest economy in europe you just made that up , like most of your points . 
  he said it 's the only dynamic large economy in europe . 
  he 's an investor essentially . 
  founded http://www.mannbio.com/ was said to be worth around half a billion pounds some time ago . 
  [ here 's an interview from the ft 's `` my first million '' ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:0pww9-rakiuj:www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7eab96ce-bf96-11e1-bb88-00144feabdc0.html+&amp;cd=8&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk#axzz46qpnvwqg ) explaining his beginnings in the 90s . 
  both the `` sauwastika '' and right-facing `` swastika '' are buddhist symbols commonly used in japan to this day . 
  they 're decent plumbers . 
  peoples with decent plumbers must be good people . 
  like the welsh . 
  in the uk we have stuff working on the same principle . 
  they look like gigantic sea sausages . 
  they get propped as the greatest big thing every now and then and in due time people forget about them . 
  i guess they 're not such a big success . 
  but they 're so handsome . 
  actually , we do n't care . 
  we 're happy as long as this stereotype deters more continentals from coming while we 're still in the eu . 
  what did you expect ? 
  and they were doing much better during the housing bubble . 
  could be a genuine mistake . 
  otoh it shows how quickly the eu moves . 
  yeah well , the situation is pretty much the same . 
  the bad news is that this process is still not over , as these banks still hold much more debt and bad assets than they can deal with . 
  probably in a few years more we will see were the bottom is . 
  right now they still keep stacking up debt and most parties running if not all are asking the eu for more `` relief '' or time . 
  it 's pretty much guaranteed that portugal , italy and spain will `` have another crisis '' - because it 's not over by any means . 
  they have cancer and they took an aspirin for the headache . 
   spain had less debt than germany before the crisis . 
  the credit crisis caused spain 's problems , not the other way around . 
  the credit crisis caused reality to surface . 
  spain had a lot more relative debt than germany when you add both private and public debt . 
  this total debt has grown not shrunk during the last decade and continues to growth . 
  without write-offs spain will struggle to ever pay back the full debt , if it does at all . 
  why is this link hidden ? 
  edit : not hidden any more, 
  people voted for eating the cake and for having it . 
  but it was clear which of the two was actually possible . 
  now they 're screwed for the foreseeable future . 
  that 's the narrative , but reality is different . 
  spain had metric tonnes of private debt and they essentially nationalised as much of it as they could . 
  they 're still on the brink despite of that . 
  spain will need decades to assimilate and write-off the overpriced assets their banks are loaded with . 
  they decided to unload part of it to sovereign debt , so now their situation is very similar to that of italy . 
  their situation was critical much earlier than the supposed crisis , which was essentially the acknowledgement of the asset/housing bubble and the start of payback time . 
  few countries have been more deeply hit by the ecb policies than greece , portugal , spain and italy . 
  two generations of high youth unemployment , either no housing or massive debt , and no future for at least a couple decades more . 
  no families , no children - third world immigration instead . 
  generally speaking , of course . 
  why ? 
  it 's a known fact . 
  nah , it 's quite accurate ... although they wo n't tell you most of it straight away . 
  right . 
  italy : mafia + killed jews, 
  nothing indicates that . 
  unemployment still sky high , banks on the brink and constantly propped by the government with taxpayer money , etc. 
  spain will continue to struggle for a long , long time . 
  it was a mistake on tsipras ' part to ignore the clear mandate he had to declare bankruptcy and leave the eurozone and the eu if necessary . 
  greece would be a lot better off by now . 
  you 're wrong actually . 
  plenty of underhanded threats were handed to greece . 
  sch\u00e4uble was livid when he found out that varoufakis recorded the conversations . 
  there were open threats too , i 'm sure you can find them online . 
  spain is still stacking up debt . 
  yep that seems very likely . 
  the eu is somewhere between stagnation , decadence and meltdown . 
  the imf already listed the us ahead in 2014 . 
  the difference between the two is substantial . 
  bremain arguments are generally pro-establishment and tory . 
  according to the imf , but not according to the world bank . 
  they were strongly threatened against that . 
  but agreed , they should have done it . 
  it is a farce these days . 
  ukip voters are a minority of the brexiters . 
  check : http://tuaeu.co.uk/ http://www.caef.org.uk/, 
  and the us . 
  the eu is in full decadence as well . 
  both the us and china will overtake them/us even if their growth is n't great in the coming decade . 
  that 's bound to happen anyway . 
  we ca n't because she 's an eu citizen :-) vote leave , then we can control our borders . 
  it would be the best for europe . 
  no idea about the/this eu . 
  what matters is europe , not the eu . 
  every one who has come to chime in has been out of line . 
  but the threat was something else , and a new development never seen before . 
  if he had threatened the same to scotland they would have been very justifiably outraged - and in their case it 's much truer ( they would have been quite a small nation to negotiate with ) . 
  the title is good . 
  `` we '' - just a bunch of idiots did .
