  however the french election is in may , and that 's very soon to see much come to fruition , for better or worse . 
  we 'll have plenty of gestures though . 
  trump knows what he 's doing . 
  you do n't play the public and the media like this if you do n't . 
  both could mean frexit . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  trump had to overcome several elections with many candidates in the primaries - essentially an elimination system . 
  there could n't possibly be more opportunities to vote him out , yet here we are . 
  yeah , but good luck agreeing to terms about that eea + status . 
  if all these countries leave the eu , it 's dead in the water . 
  too much haul for too little engine . 
  in the eu you see leaders of different countries defending their respective interests . 
  a common army with a permanent central control would be a clusterfuck . 
  collaboration and coordination between independent armies ? 
  that 's fine and that already happens , inside and outside of the eu . 
  it 's largely independent of the eu . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  the eu does n't need another divisive issue any time soon . 
  there 's a boatload of ukrainian freelancers and it 's becoming the capital of contracted outsourcing in the east . 
  lol, 
  sure it does n't , but let them try and see what does russia do about that . 
  european countries will need to start paying up their due nato contributions . 
  only a tiny minority of them do . 
  estonia , greece and the uk . 
  the rest are freeloaders . 
  when it 's russia ? 
  latvia wo n't be allowed a nuclear project , that 's madness at this point . 
   this is to a japan that has a nuclear weapons breakout capability of weeks . 
  they can go nuclear quicker than england can collapse at the world cup . 
  that 's very quick . 
  running a project only for some members would effectively create a first tier and second tier . 
  the whole eu project has this vibe now . 
  never going to happen now . 
  you 'd need to dismantle the eu first because the east wo n't just leave the union after painstakingly joining it . 
  nope . 
  the people have spoken . 
  removokebabcic will happen . 
  sarkozy will sell himself as the stop to fn . 
  french primaries this year , though . 
  i do n't mind america , africa or asia . 
  there 's shitholes in europe too . 
  nowadays there is . 
  the pint is only used as a measure in the commonwealth . 
  briviesca , burgos ( spain ) https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:escudo_de_briviesca_ ( burgos ) . svg baena , c\u00f3rdoba ( spain ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baena#/media/file:coat_of_arms_of_baena.svg there are many in spain , from reconquista times featuring moors or jews . 
  also plenty of controversial town names . 
  some being renamed recently like castrillo matajud\u00edos . 
  ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/22/spanish-village-drops-kill-jews-name ) santiago matamoros ( saint james the moor slayer ) is usually depicted trampling over moors on his horse , swinging his sword . 
  typically in churches . 
  well , then that 's false advertising . 
  the pint is a unit of measure . 
  so , pretty much like southern england price-wise . 
  again . 
  she 's a complete idiot . 
  first she claimed to have been targeted in xenophobic attacks after the vote , then when asked what happened to her exactly , she said the attack was the vote because she `` felt '' it was a vote against immigrants . 
  congrats on the xenophobia . 
  she 's a complete idiot . 
  i 'd have booed her as well . 
  currently the eea framework places huge tariffs on overseas countries practically forcing us to buy eu produce . 
  getting out of that would likely offset any price increase from wages - specifically talking about agriculture here . 
  the most important point would be to establish this sort of precedent . 
  there are different movements with different goals and different levels of support all across the eu , and this could be quite destabilising . 
  but the uk would very likely support it , just like we supported border exemptions of the republic of ireland . 
  in this particular instance it would n't be grandfathered in though . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm totally for it . 
  but i think it will be seen as making regional distinctions that would make secession more possible , which is taboo in many countries . 
  french overseas regions are delighted to be french and there is zero debate about it , so it 's not a problem there . 
  hard to predict how much exactly , because there 's also an automatisation pressure downwards and if we get out of the eea then we will replace the current eu imports with much cheaper imports mostly from the commonwealth , south america and non-commonwealth africa . 
  spot on . 
  possibly several . 
  those with secessionist/regionalist movements . 
  trains wet . 
  yay . 
  eu migrants made it decent here in east london . 
  either jobs are worth doing or they 're not . 
  this idea of having a foreign slave underclass disgusts me . 
  this is not qatar or dubai . 
  there are no jobs below britons that are good for lowly johnny foreigners . 
  on top of that , automatisation is reducing that particular pool of jobs very quickly . 
  a bunker in berlin perhaps ? 
  i used to think the same . 
  give them a try when nobody 's looking . 
  they should wear burkinis then ;-), 
  they run your country , so maybe they will make * you * wear crocs and socks instead . 
  crocs are sooo comfortable though . 
  dae global government to impose our morality and values everywhere ? 
  we call it like that but it 's a region , with a regional government . 
  wake up and smell the coffee . 
  the region voted that . 
  neither does scotland . 
  they have certain attributions , not those of a nation . 
  you voted against that . 
  so does london . 
  yeah . 
  team gb finished ahead of china actually . 
  scotland is not an actual country internationally ( and recently voted as much ) . 
  do you know what `` global '' means ? 
  trade is increasingly global , it 's a matter of time that sweden either trades more with the rest of the world or declines together with central europe . 
  trade is ever more global , and the spanish speaking share of the world 's gdp already doubles the german speaking one . 
  not the matter of the question . 
  `` which two languages do you think are the most useful for children to learn for their future ? '',
