  leicester sq is not in westminster , it 's between covent garden and soho . 
   that way , officials at the state general accounting office expect the cash reserves to last up to the first 20 days of may . 
  expect heavy handed negotiations with these short deadlines to collapse . 
  `` federal '' model . 
  inflation would actually help their trade balance , not the opposite . 
  the euro is way overvalued to greece 's standards . 
  and internal devaluation is long and painful when you can not just devalue the currency . 
  they 'd be too poor to import much at all , but they would be perfectly capable to compete internally and their exports would improve massively . 
  unhappy with just editorialising the title , you went ahead and wrote a full editorial rather than linking to the article . 
  the `` terms '' are not the borrowing interest . 
  greece would n't need any credit right now . 
  is the english text somewhere ? 
  i 'd read it much faster than going through 49 minutes of video . 
  the city is fine for what it is . 
  it 's just a tiny bit of london though . 
  westminster is close to the city , but it 's not the same . 
  i live not far from there , and i pay dearly for it . 
  politicians do n't need to live in either area and the parliament should be moved to a cheaper place . 
  they do n't care because they can claim massive expenses on housing which we all pay . 
  it would make more sense to move it somewhere around the birmingham area , especially after hs2 is finished . 
  http://i.imgur.com/lj05vqh.png most mps other than those from the south-east would have a shorter commute . 
  hopefully it will make it easier for others to escape . 
  greece is a laboratory for federal europe : imposed punitive measures from the eurocore with no recourse . 
  there are no practical reasons to make the administrative capital to be the biggest economy . 
  in the early 20th century and before , it made sense because most cities were poorly communicated . 
  nowadays the opposite is the problem : big cities are congested and they are also a lot more expensive . 
  there are no practical advantages other than full-time politicians wanting to live in trendier places at the expense of the taxpayer . 
  who would have expected that . 
  the statistic that matters is how often is there agreement in votes where there is no wide consensus , so that the vote actually means something . 
  in these cases there is solid mutual agreement . 
  the other is numeric gymnastics to misrepresent the significance of one to the other in the eu institutions . 
  nope , it 's not the perception . 
  the echr is interpreted very loosely by brussels/strasbourg and effectively makes us unable to control our borders right now . 
  the perception is actually the opposite , that we are being stupid on border control . 
  the perception i 'd say exaggerates the problem above reality and above what replacing echr would entail . 
  the uk does n't need a foreign-imposed bill of rights , it has its own and it can expand on it . 
  definitely we 'd be looking forward to that . 
  https://twitter.com/jkenney/status/723896356964831232 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqapwe0drnk, 
  the degree that the uk appears departed in that graph suggests that he may be counting abstentions from ukip . 
  i do n't know how he got these numbers , i know that denmark and the uk are pretty much all the time in the same boat together with sweden and the netherlands in every contested vote . 
  especially in matters of budget . 
  with qmv being slightly less than the share of vote of the eurozone , non-eurozone countries in the eu will be increasingly isolated an effectively steamrolled in more and more votes . 
  particularly in the upcoming crises we will be witnessing this . 
  the numbers are completely bogus . 
  someone does n't know much statistics . 
  most votes are trivial and everybody votes similarly . 
  there 's high consensus in most votes for trivial matters . 
  in contested matters , denmark are one of the closest voters to the uk . 
  the article is completely mendacious . 
  you can see a full report here : http://60811b39eee4e42e277a-72b421883bb5b133f34e068afdd7cb11.r29.cf3.rackcdn.com/2016/04/votewatch-report-2016_digital.pdf, 
  ca n't disagree there . 
  we 'll see about that in a couple years time . 
  the eu is about to collapse . 
  it 's a slow motion train wreck . 
  serbia , bosnia , macedonia and montenegro . 
  in comparison albania is pretty insignificant . 
  they already promised some . 
  but hopefully we wo n't stay to test their word on it . 
  there wo n't be special treatment for germany from us either , or for the eu . 
  we have like 200 pieces on turkey these days . 
  what 's going on ? 
  the council pretty much dictates and the parliament only can take whatever comes from there . 
  these `` dictators '' need to come up with an honest plan that the ep can vote . 
  the eu puts the cart ahead of the horses . 
  the plan for this superstate should be laid before having countries sharing currencies . 
  sovereign bonds can not be unlinked between countries in a supposed superstate , this is causing a massive disruption in debtor nations internally to the eu . 
  the eu is `` yes and no '' because they know many countries do not want to take part in these plans and do not believe in them . 
  the honest way would be to go ahead with those than are on-board but do it clearly . 
  merge social securities and pension funds so that you have an actual single country . 
  good luck with that . 
  going ahead with these institutions prior to a convergence as it is already happening and as we already did with the clusterfuck that is the euro , the way ahead is obviously a train-wreck waiting to happen . 
  the eu needs to go back to the drawing board and show the same plan to everybody . 
  i would n't like a model of government in the german tradition for my own country . 
  but it 's their country , so it 's fine . 
  now , extrapolating that model to the eu causes two different clashes . 
  on top of the difference of vision on the model itself , you have the lack of belief that the eu is an actual country to the degree germany is . 
  you have to look at the difficulty to run even close countries under a federal government like happened in ex-yugoslavia , czech-slovakia , and even the challenges of east german integration . 
  wanting that for the whole of the eu-28 just looks completely hopeless to me . 
  he got me on board until here :  britain , on the other hand , already had a long and proud tradition of liberal democracy , economic dynamism , social stability and the rule of law , which attracts investors , students , academics and professionals from across the globe ( many greeks among them ) . 
  european union membership is in line with these values and it is not true that britain is powerless to influence events . 
  we disagree . 
  the eu is highly undemocratic and refuses strongly to reform . 
   at the heart of the british referendum is a fundamental paradox . 
  prime minister david cameron campaigned for reform in the european union , and when he got most of what he wanted , backed the campaign to stay . 
  nobody believes that . 
  he came back almost empty handed . 
  even worse , he came back with concessions that he should n't have been given - benefit opt-outs are based on a misguided xenophobia that does n't stand to scrutiny - and without the ones that mattered . 
  there 's also the straw-man of the empire which is just false and insulting . 
  but let 's ignore that . 
  his `` sketch '' pretends that these things were `` done to us '' by the echr . 
  it 's not even funny . 
  we had all these things in the 90s prior to echr . 
  i think you are mistaking trade union and federalism . 
  they are essentially the opposite ends of the spectrum regarding models for the eu . 
  we have different models , and these different models allow different levels of expansion . 
  for instance , look at the diversity of the commonwealth . 
  this is what culturally the uk tends towards . 
  absolutely no government interference other than `` soft power '' and mutual agreement . 
  we all want a honest vision . 
  whatever the decision is .
