  note that the whole threat is just bringing its business elsewhere . 
  that 's certainly `` industry ruling over the eu '' and the fact that cameron is in bed with bp - universally known fact - does n't change that . 
  as an eu member we are generally not spared . 
  see link above . 
   this is an argument against your government and the eu , and not about treaties and the secrecy of their negotiations . 
  fix your own country so you can trust it , else you 're saying `` i do n't trust my country to make laws '' . 
  it 's a fundamentally anarchic view . 
   based on its record i do n't trust the eu to make laws , that bit is true . 
  moreover , based on [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-31631461 ) , scepticism is perfectly justified . 
  the whole idea is bonkers . 
  there are also clear contradictions in that document . 
  if it 's anything at all similar to that , i 'm completely against . 
  at least wait until we 're out so you guys can proceed to destroy your public services without brining the uk down with you . 
  my point is that [ our presence in the ep and eu institutions is increasingly weak despite its massive cost ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4fmvib/uks_waning_voice_in_the_eu/ ) , yet bp with their wallets can get these eurocrats dancing to their tune . 
  yet they still have the power to strong-arm the eu , while we beg in vain . 
  happy 100th anniversary 4 days in advance , if you 're irish . 
  this decision competes only to the british . 
  she can voice her opinion like everybody else european or not , but coming over to campaign is imo out of line . 
   it is mate , the continent it 's on is called north america the country is not called north america . 
  it 's called us of a officially . 
   northern ireland is part of the uk , ireland is n't . 
  part of the `` island of ireland '' ( aka ireland - the concrete part being n.i. ), 
  is part of the uk ( aka united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ) . 
  it 's unnecessary to specify that as everybody knows . 
  by the way , formally we say `` republic of ireland '' because the irish republic insisted . 
  the northen irish preferred `` eire '' and attlee chose the name that satisfied our nice friends from the republic of ireland . 
  waste of time this innit . 
  i have no problem with `` ireland '' as a country name , however it 's confusing when one can be meaning both the island and the country as they are significantly different things . 
  if the us were a subset of a geographical reality named the same way , then something else would be needed to distinguish it . 
  probably rep. of the us would do . 
  it 's not the case , though . 
  could n't care much less about the hate , but it 's a shame that visibility is affected by people actively silencing debate . 
  you do n't owe that to the eu imo , and brexit wo n't affect it . 
  it 's funny that bp may have more power in the eu than the uk . 
  almost 50 % downvotes . 
  people seem offended to be exposed to real figures . 
   i also have n't seen a compelling argument as to why the eu would be eager to do a free trade deal with the uk , other than they currently do that anyway . 
  because the uk is a net importer from the eu ? 
  germany and france would lose big if the uk reduced trade with them drastically as per wto tariffs . 
  not really , he did n't even win his seat in south thanet . 
  he 's had his thunder completely stolen from the brexit campaign by tories , losing even the [ official campaign for brexit ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/13/vote-leave-official-brexit-campaign-eu-referendum-boris-johnson ) . 
  imo farage does n't have much of a clear future at all as a politician - nothing that will give him the platform he had in the eu anyway . 
  look at the actual vote history of the eu . 
  the eu is not anywhere close to the uk in terms of allowing for dissent or any sort of accountability . 
  ca n't pretend the eu works like a representative parliament when it 's not . 
  why ? 
  ireland is the whole island . 
  should say republic of ireland if he means that . 
  i ca n't read their minds but certainly campaigning to lose their jobs is not an indication of having suspect conflicts of interest , but rather the opposite . 
  we 'd be tiny within the epp and we 'd have even lesser influence . 
  do the numbers on how many votes we 'd win as germany dominates the epp and almost nobody else votes against them . 
  we 'd be relying on secret pacts to get some votes our way within the party , which is a much more dishonest way of doing politics and doubling down on what we do n't want in europe ( unless you are a blairite labour kind of person , they love this ) . 
  the lesson does n't apply . 
  there 's absolutely no representation in the ep and meps only respond to parties not constituencies . 
  noble of them to put their country ahead of their jobs . 
  the vast majority of brits are not really fine with ukip , but they are british so they are entitled to voice their political opinions here . 
  this does n't make sense . 
  we want reform and the epp opposes us every time we try our luck with said reform . 
  the ecr ( r stands for reformists ) is exactly devised to represent the general view of europe in the uk . 
  labour would be there if it were n't a centre-right party . 
   when labour gets elected or if the conservatives get their act together , british influence will probably increase a fair bit . 
  what may happen is that we kowtow more often to the eu against our interests , because we have to play party politics in pure eu style ( proportional , non-representative particracy ) . 
  oh , it 's rather important to us too . 
  just not so much for the eu . 
  ireland is actually part of the uk ( the northern bit ) . 
  you might as well argue that you identify as a human . 
  i just do n't think this is particularly relevant or important as a matter of identity . 
  i also admire the achievements of the english-speaking world for instance , but this is not a single identity . 
  it 's closer to being one than `` european '' . 
  out of line , just like obama is with his support for bremain . 
  i do n't know about alabama . 
  we 're shoved decisions down our collective throats most commonly when it 's about budget , agriculture and foreign policy . 
  to some extent the same happens to denmark , sweden and the netherlands . 
   you say it means nothing to you to be european , but on the other hand you do think europe is great ... 
  correct . 
  achievements of the european peoples are great , and i 'd include european americans there too ( north to south ) . 
  i do n't believe in a monolithic european identity though . 
  that 's just make believe . 
  actually it 's the other way around . 
  we 'd have even more votes in the losing side more often if ukip voted more . 
  also note that we lose every time in the ec where meps do n't count . 
  italy is important but has much lesser interaction with the uk than spain . 
  spain is the # 1 destination for british expats and one of the main uk markets . 
  worse even post-lisbon ( effective dec 2009 ) . 
   ` the go-to , english speaking , gateway to europe ' it already is due to your low corporate tax . 
  certainly the gateway to the eurozone . 
  not that this alone will make it worth your while imo . 
  all the countries listed - and some more not even listed - are a lot more important and relevant than ireland . 
  nothing . 
  i do think europe and by extension the western civilisation is great . 
  it 'd be nice to know what 's exactly in ttip in the first place . 
  are there any plans for a referendum on eu membership ? 
  in true british tradition , it will be known as boaty mcboatface whatever it says in the tin . 
  case in point , it 's big ben - not elizabeth tower or stephen 's tower . 
  it 's david bowie not david robert jones . 
  the people have spoken . 
  he 's a career liar federalist . 
  his choice for the ec has pushed us towards brexit like nothing else has done in recent history . 
  rappel rope industry, 
  maastricht changed the whole landscape of the eu and it was effective in late 1993 .
