  i already think the best chance we have at steering the politics of the continent for the better is by leaving the eu structure . 
  maybe 10 years ago there were hopes for reform from the inside , and we did try , but now after lisbon and after the election of juncker , it 's clear that federalists completely dominate the eu institutions . 
  there are zero hopes of reforming it from the inside without several other countries joining us in the effort , and they have been systematically ignoring this plight . 
  i think most people are not even aware of these negotiations , because most eu politics are completely ignored unless something very traumatic happens . 
  same idea the germans have except with german and a * leader * instead of a nominal monarch . 
  personally i like the cultural diversity we have now over this megalomaniacal idea . 
  abort and scale back into a trade bloc . 
  because of the brand name ? 
  because what the house of lords does is perfectly justified . 
  without them we 'd be royally ( teehee ) fucked . 
  you 're missing the days when this sub was ~ ~ optimistic about the future ~ ~ ignorant about the true nature and goals of the eu . 
  canada just has two regions in terms of dominant language , and that already creates a lot of instability . 
  the eu will only be a workable country if it forcibly eradicates its native cultures into a single one . 
  i hope that never happens . 
  sanfran proper is even worse . 
  i think the choice of colours is fair . 
  oh definitely it goes back a lot longer . 
  they still pretend to be the russian empire . 
  but it certainly intensified since berlin . 
  they lost huge swathes of their sphere of influence overnight . 
  butthurt drives their general policy ever since berlin 1989 . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/may/23/purdah-period-silence-officials-eu-referendum-friday http://www.ibtimes.com/uk-election-purdah-rules-ahead-brexit-referendum-government-officials-cant-sway-vote-2374467 http://www.investing.com/news/economy-news/boe-may-have-to-break-purdah-period-on-eu-referendum---carney-404029, 
  it was poor ... 
  i 'd rather have a more informed individual on the remain side so it 's not this easy . 
  indeed they are paying a lot . 
  too much imo , i 'm putting some money into it . 
  the same i thought about corbyn as a labour candidate , i also made a killing with that . 
  they wo n't vote . 
  a lot of them anyway . 
  would n't be surprised at all with a leave win at this point , but there 's still almost one month . 
   are you for real ???? 
   yes . 
   the russians are not indigenous people here , they were brought here as a tool of russification after as a crime against international law !, 
  so , exactly like kosovo was albanised ? 
  looks tight to me . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ixtrtog.png it 's still swinging both ways . 
  they give a fuck , they just do n't have a strong negotiation stance . 
  i 'd expect them to simply announce that they wo n't recognise kosovo which is enough to stall it . 
  this is what they are doing . 
   is n't recognition of kosovo a condition for entering the eu ? 
  yes . 
  spain can veto it , too . 
   which brings me to the next question , why is this news important ? 
  see above . 
  that would strongly divide opinion in the eu , but it would give greece some hope by simply cancelling all their sovereign debt . 
  what happens in estonia with ethnic russians ? 
  because them taking an area of the country and seceding by force with external aid would be pretty similar to what happened in kosovo . 
  or crimea . 
  that sort of thing should never be normalised . 
  every region of spain has a degree of identity . 
  i 'd say the same applies to the uk and most if not all old nations of europe . 
  i 'd say there are glaring procedural problems about the secession of kosovo that should never be overlooked , as they would establish a very dangerous precedent for many countries in europe . 
  including obviously other balkan countries ( bosnia - rep srpska for instance ) italy , belgium , netherlands , germany ... almost every european country really . 
  i was n't speaking about this page . 
  i was explaining why that behaviour is not crazy to use in some circumstances . 
  these maps are often embedded in larger pages that scroll . 
  dire is their situation now . 
  by the time they finish burning the house down , they may have to go solo anyway . 
  pointless and hopeless situation . 
  that 's the problem , it was a bluff . 
  if they were ready to bring the building down , greece would n't have been any worse long term . 
  despite of all the fear mongering , they 'd be back in a solid path in a few years . 
  unlike this permanent fuckery . 
  if you use a mouse with a scrolling wheel , it 's actually quite annoying that you are scrolling the page and it stops and zooms instead . 
  probably a minority of users nowadays , but still . 
  there are two responsible parties though when this happens . 
  the son who bankrupts and the father who either knowingly lent to an insolvent son ( the actual case with the eu ) or failed to assess his solvency correctly . 
  without counter-party risk there is no lender responsibility , which is fundamental for the system to work at all . 
  there was this oxi thing ... why did n't tsipras stick to it ? 
  then he runs again and gets reelected ? 
  ffs . 
  indeed https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxtvsquphmc ( 1:25 ), 
  neither part of it is represented . 
  do n't worry , the whole uk is represented by london , which is the least representative city of the whole country . 
  ireland also does n't exist . 
  off topic , but i 'm always amazed by the beauty of the georgian alphabet . 
  edit : see the youtube link in the comment . 
  i love their names . 
  giant , large , top kek , very large , extremely large . 
  next one might be the yuuuuge tremendous telescope . 
  please stop referring to the eu as europe . 
  it 's insulting to europe and europeans . 
  bookmakers make their own predictions not solely based on polls . 
  are you suggesting that yougov are faking their results ? 
  yeah , they absolutely screwed up there imo . 
  they had a very clear mandate . 
  of course it would have been a big shock , but one that long term had chances for hope . 
  what about the school teacher at the beginning ? 
  he does mention 800 t.rub . 
  crete is fab , make sure to get the deal this time . 
  the question was addressed to britons , though . 
  you should have at least clarified that . 
  it looked very russkij mir , but that was exclusively countryside . 
  so , who knows . 
  i have a question . 
  one thing that seemed odd to me is the income differences . 
  the school teacher makes 800 t.rub , the soldier makes 100 t.rub or so , and the pensioner gets 1300 t.rub and complains it 's too little to survive ? 
  is it normal that pensioners make much more than working people ? 
  what 's a normal salary over there ? 
  if you consider moldovans to be completely distinct from romanians , then i guess there are essentially none there .
