  ok , saw it, 
  may not achieve everything right away , but we are untying ourselves from a stagnating bloc that impedes our trade elsewhere . 
  any tariffs will be reciprocated and that will help us with our balance . 
  china , the commonwealth and the us . 
  several times the eu post-brexit in terms of trade , and growing . 
  i hope so . 
  we have this in the bag now . 
  wishful thinking . 
  we 'll be just fine . 
  our massive trade imbalance in the eu 's favour is a strong insurance . 
  there will be disruptions in trade , i 'm sure . 
  but we will survive and we will be in a much better position afterwards . 
  would be great to have a proper excuse to raze germany again . 
  ridiculous appropriation of the word europe and european , as usual . 
  you are right , and it 's pretty asinine that people vote like this here . 
  beautiful . 
  fuck the eu . 
  what a tease . 
  in luxembourg this may be an acceptable rule of thumb , but in bigger countries people are very aware of the regional differences . 
  i was for boycotting wc2018 earlier than this even happened . 
  probably we can make it a thing . 
  run a parallel one elsewhere . 
  from all the trackers , ft is the one giving leave the least % . 
  i wonder how are they calculating it . 
  i must admit jeremy has a strong point there . 
  we would n't have reached this point otherwise . 
  the uk wo n't kick them out even if they could try battling for that in international court , simply because it 's not in our interests . 
  rest assured there wo n't be mass deportations . 
  nigel farage is not secretly campaigning to deport his german wife . 
  international law plus plenty of statements from the leave side . 
  carswell , rees-mogg , leader hoey all confirmed . 
  government is in full campaign mode , so no statements . 
  that full post puts into question the situation of british citizens abroad in the absence of a withdrawal agreement . 
  the situation of eu citizens in the uk is pretty much guaranteed , unless they abandon their resident status permanently 2 years afterwards . 
  could do better than trying to scare eu citizens . 
  if the price is in bulk and it floats , it will reach a price point that someone will take . 
  britain will go full mad max if we vote leave . 
  you guess wrong . 
  i want my country out of this sinking ship . 
  his argument is correct . 
  the eu is currently an accountability laundry machine . 
  putin will finally have his warm water ports without having to go to crimea . 
  the shockwave will destroy the solar system . 
  brexit , and when we have brexit then we negotiate :-) rules go both ways . 
  article 50 , baby . 
  seemed less practical . 
  the article seems sufficiently substantiated , ca n't see why should i pretend not to have found these linked news there . 
  yes , they are sensational . 
  must read carefully and in context . 
   i think it would be easier to reform the eu if we did n't have the uk along dragging its feet at every turn . 
  so ... brexit then ? 
  :-) we 'll watch the reforms from the outside . 
  there are primary sources in the article . 
  it 's like cyprus and malta sold eu passports ... oh wait . 
  that would be my preferred option . 
  they are no bigger danger to overstay their visa than many countries already in visa-free regime . 
  it may have some impact , but frankly extremely low compared to any previous expansion of the eu . 
  colombia entered the visa-free regime last year , for instance . 
  after two years legally in spain , they are given citizenship . 
  i do n't think this is a good idea , but i believe there 's a bit of a panic because some people think they can just turn up as if they had fm . 
  i do n't quite share the panic to be honest . 
  this is unpopular now because of the timing , but visa-free travel is not free movement . 
  the bad side to it is how the eu gets blackmailed by turkey because of immigration . 
  a phenomenon that will only rise in the future . 
  but well , the fact that the eu has no real red lines is already well known . 
   storing a user 's preference is not the same as remembering an option ? 
  no , when they explicitly say that only consent is exempt . 
  otherwise you 'd need to click on the bloody button every time you visit the site and it would be even much more unbearable . 
   why would you want persistent personalisation that is n't in some way attainable trough a clear setting for users that are n't logged in or in some other way registered ? 
  for analytics for instance . 
  to verify the quality of your service and what do users do in your site so you can improve it . 
  etc etc. 
  you do n't need much imagination really . 
  for instance , i visit oddschecker sometimes . 
  it defaults to british style odds , but i prefer decimal because i can compare better with another service . 
  if not for the cookie , it would forget this setting every time . 
  they need the button . 
  some sites remember your setting to browse the desktop site even on the mobile if you set it so ( bless them ) . 
  they need the nag button too . 
  the solution is absurd . 
  almost every site profiles you one way or the other . 
  so you just learn to ignore the button . 
  people should be looking into much more effective privacy solutions which happen in the browser . 
  cookies are not silent , they are opt-in and your browser is informed . 
  anyway , i 've wasted too much time with people impenetrable to reason on this topic . 
  night . 
  that is not personalisation of the experience or simply remembering options . 
  that 's just consent . 
  for personalisation you create persistence with the cookie . 
  this is considered profiling . 
  you need the button for that . 
  good effort , putin . 
  not if you use a cookie to remember the user . 
  i 'll tell you what i do n't need : wasting more time with you reading your absolute nonsense . 
  as a user , it 's a pointless nag because i can control that tracking myself . 
  which indeed it would be much better if people did that . 
  not just with cookies either . 
  as a provider , when you do n't need to do it then you just do n't . 
  this never stops you , it just forces you to nag the user for no advantage of either side . 
  the reasons are stated above .
