  we are very alone in this and it 's time to admit it and accept defeat in our european vision to look back to the atlantic , the commonwealth and asia . 
  we have fundamentally different ideals to the dominating forces of the eu . 
  the eu shows complete disregard for transparency and it shows in its very structure and electoral system . 
  if the system was reasonable and clear , with pre-established limits , then very likely i would n't want brexit . 
  it 's sad but i see the eu as a failure , and it will cost us dearly either way . 
  english does n't work like this . 
  if the term does n't catch on with that meaning in english speaking countries , it will never be accepted . 
  you have no power here . 
  cheers for your support . 
  you should make it more vocal . 
  point taken and term noted . 
  the eu was born out of the eec . 
  even the eu officially admits to that in europa.eu, 
  in english language , america is just a short form of united states of america , and the word `` americas '' is used to describe north + central + south america . 
  that 's just a feature of the english language because of obvious historical reasons . 
  no , it really was n't more than that . 
  its competences used to be about trade and competition until the mid 80s or so . 
  the truly big difference happened in maastricht 1992-1993 , the euro 1999-2000 with very lasting long-term effects , and then the expansion and lisbon made the conditions of maastricht essentially untenable . 
  the union has crept very considerably since its early days . 
  pretending nothing has changed is stupid . 
   europe agreed , except i take issue with the mendacious use of the word europe to call a political union including only a subset of it . 
  european union is bad enough as a name . 
  in the uk the labrador retriever is the most common breed , but in my area the staffie is by far more popular , followed by the jack russell terrier . 
  interactive cutesy map : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-27690167, 
  the uk always opposed that openly . 
  we now assume we wo n't be able to steer the union in a direction we can accept , so we just leave . 
  i think it 's the honest thing to do . 
  if we stay we will keep doing our best to impede `` ever closer union '' , why would any federalist want that ? 
  you should be openly lobbying for helping us leave . 
  there 's two fallacies to this story : 1 . there actually have been strong currency movements on brexit-related news like bojo announcing his support . 
  2 . it 's not clear at all what will be the actual impact of brexit to the uk . 
  terms will be negotiated for years and the resolution wo n't be immediate in any case . 
  because they never know what happens until their house is on fire . 
  the disdain for eu politics is total in most of the eu , despite their future being decided there . 
  people have different opinions of the degree of political assimilation that the eu should entail . 
  it started as a common market . 
  well , except for write-offs . 
  and there will need to be more of these . 
  you need to seek a realistic settlement , which has n't remotely happened yet . 
  i do n't think verhofstadt has ever spoken there . 
  this is about the eu and eurozone economies in the world . 
  how is it not relevant ? 
  haha good luck with that . 
  try reading again , but this time with your neurons in working order . 
  lots of italians too . 
  verhofstadt is a wanker , so it 's understandable . 
   mind you , i have no idea who any of these two people are but that is just the european parliament i suppose . 
  are you a * remainer * by any chance ? 
  i do n't see flags , i have flairs disabled in my preferences . 
  so much the better . 
  you can have your agreements and we will have ours . 
  fewer conflicts of interest . 
  we are not into empire building or realising hitler 's dreams . 
  we respect other nations ' sovereignty . 
   free trade and loss of sovereignty go hand in hand . 
  acting like they do n't is naive . 
   there are many ways to approach this . 
  for instance the single currency is a loss of sovereignty without any real extra free trade , even leading to a lesser free trade because of the debt subjugation relationships that have emerged . 
  the rest is philosophical babble that does n't apply to the case in point . 
  supranational global trade which the uk is fully into and the eu is an actual barrier for . 
  you may also want to note that not only the poorer countries are performing better than the eu/eurozone , but also canada , australia , nz ... ( and the uk ) . 
  the governments you elected . 
  labour tried to get us in the euro , we told them to do one . 
  you have to take ownership for the actions of your government . 
  blair 's labour did nonsense we are now trying to undo , too . 
  we are currently in the eu on our own fault . 
  we will be able to trade freely with countries we currently are banned from signing bilateral agreements . 
  particularly in agriculture , which eu is very protectionist about . 
  this includes australia , nz and canada too . 
  this tells us that we have plenty of countries to trade with that amount to increasingly more gdp than the eu customs union . 
  dodgy dave and his dodgy dossier . 
  you seem to be missing the point . 
  that 's exactly what we want . 
  we do n't want to be politically assimilated by anyone or to assimilate anyone . 
  which , again , is favourable regarding future trade and growth . 
  we never have tried federalising the commonwealth , we respect the sovereignty of their nations and we do n't meddle in their forms of government . 
  the uk does n't want political union by the back door with anyone . 
  this is not a comparison with regards to quality of life in these countries , which obviously is improving much faster partly because their baseline was much lower , but data of market size which is very relevant for imports and exports . 
  yeah , which also benefits us for trade . 
  the commonwealth due to sheer size is already a much bigger market than the eu and they also have a much higher ceiling , prospects , natural resources . 
  yeah , as i said that would be too good to be true . 
  i 'm not expecting such a great settlement , at least not early on . 
  labour did in the 90s . 
  the competence creep and most importantly the euro was always opposed by britain . 
  the euro makes a much deeper integration necessary . 
  starting with debt . 
  no biggie . 
  translators work remarkably well with swedish . 
  germans always overwhelmingly push and vote for expansion in size and competences for the eu . 
  they are the main culprits of the current configuration of the eu . 
  as long as you do n't conflate eu the political regime with europe the continent , which we will always be a part of ... 
  funny how they sell a tyranny as loving . 
  what ? 
  growth numbers are pathetic ? 
  lol of course i do , i travel often and i 'm constantly reminded of this blessing . 
  do you think this wo n't affect us anyway ? 
  we have no effective border controls with france , and turkey is likely to join the eea sooner because of this . 
  we 've been trying that for many years but the eurocore is relentless . 
  the final humiliation that imo ends any hope of reform was the election of juncker in a landslide as president of the ec knowing how much the uk opposed his eu vision . 
  the uk voted alone with hungary , 26-2 .
