   i will admit i did n't even bother reading the article . 
  cool , because the claims of the article are easy to corroborate and they do n't depend on this person 's relationship with the guardian . 
  the very person who conducted the interview affirms the guardian completely misrepresented it and the summary completely contradicts it ( anyone can just read it and verify just that ) . 
  this article just points you to the evidence so you can corroborate it on your own . 
   you 're comments are starting to resemble a monty python sketch . 
  * your * comments did that since the beginning of this thread . 
  data can be insufficient to support a given claim . 
  it 's exactly the case in the subject of this thread . 
  and `` does not support '' negates the verb support , not the actual reality it 's supporting . 
  you only repeat and repeat the opposite to that , and no matter how much you repeat it , it 's still a false assertion . 
  the guardian have been fabricating fake news all year . 
  it 's funny when they accuse others of that . 
  i hope there 's a real basis to this accusation , because just investigating someone for corruption is like political assassination already . 
  someone is inconvenient ? 
  let 's just investigate them for corruption and let the press know . 
  i 'd wait until there is some real evidence . 
  nobody knows this for certain . 
  because the only data we have is polls and these same polls have been significantly off in other issues . 
  these numbers of participation by age were not officially registered . 
  participation is also secret , only checked to avoid duplicated votes but sharing the identities of people who voted is not allowed . 
  this is partly why people are designated a particular place to vote and can not just vote anywhere . 
  i have no need to be diplomatic . 
  this is reddit , not the un . 
  lmao , some people ... 
  better beef up that navy then bruv . 
  no , i claim that a subset of `` data not supporting something '' is when the data is `` not sufficient to support something '' . 
   absence of data is not data . 
  that is correct . 
  we know , we just do n't care so much to let it dictate our entire judiciary . 
  the roi is a * half london * , we do n't decide our entire foreign policy based on it . 
  pretty much the same that happened in the uk . 
  of course i do n't expect the irish not to bitch about it . 
  but pretending that the uk is going to cancel the gfa just because there 's no echr on top is silly . 
  the gfa will be replaced by a bilateral gfa . 
  get used to the idea that in the future they will be the only parties to the gfa . 
  because the uk is not going to remain bound to the echr just because of the irish . 
  `` the data does not support it '' is also correct even though it 's less precise . 
  because , huh , the data -  does not -  support it . 
  i 'm pretty sure he will continue distrusting britain no matter what . 
  however we have plenty of issues with the echr and ireland is not the most significant one . 
  you also seem to believe the british government wants to stir up shit , huh ? 
  okay . 
  yeah because everyone misses the troubles . 
  you seem to believe that the uk wants to contravene this document , or that they are stopped by the echr alone . 
  as i said , carry on believing that . 
  in regards to number 2 : there will be an agreement with the roi government if we pull out of the echr . 
  as for 3 , withdrawal from the echr simply means we wo n't be bound by it . 
  there 's more to international law than the echr , also there 's not a single body with legitimacy over what 's international law . 
  leaving the echr pretty likely is against the echr , heh . 
  by the way , plenty of the tories wanted out of the echr even in the remain camp . 
  they had this problem that it was n't easy to negotiate in brussels to leave the echr and stay in the eu , but now we 're out the consensus to leave the echr is pretty big in the government . 
  so yeah it seems like a done deal . 
  the data can be insufficient to support a conclusion . 
  is this too hard ? 
  if you mean the english word proof , i 'd suggest you refer to the nearest dictionary . 
  i do n't know if in swedish the word `` proof '' is defined in such a way that the lack of evidence implies proof of the negative hypothesis . 
  it 's simpler than that . 
  if both parties agree to keep that legislation , which we do , then we can grandfather in this agreement without the permission of the echr . 
  there 's no way that the we would want to ever stir the pot with that , but if you want to believe so and make a crisis out of it , then you try that and see how many people believe it . 
  no , lack of evidence is not proof of anything . 
  but you can keep on repeating that stuff if you want . 
  nope , because we 'd grandfather in all legislation . 
  we will even do that initially with all eu legislation . 
  there are plenty of countries out of the coe . 
  most of the anglosphere is not in the coe for instance . 
  this is the `` everybody in my facebook , twitter and instagram wants to remain '' effect . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d_wmm-sxzq it happens every time with every election now . 
  a lot of people in complete disbelief of results because being out of touch while believing one is well-connected , is the new normal . 
  the greek people definitely had enough , but this is unlikely to change the situation in itself anytime soon . 
  no , not being supported by the data does n't necessarily mean the opposite is supported , or it 's disproven by it . 
  it just means it 's not supported by the data . 
  however closer union is just the reality of this eu . 
  pretending otherwise is just being in denial . 
  there 's no stopping this train other than collapse or getting out of it . 
  they are not represented by any party . 
  in spain the party `` fuck these people , we do n't even bother voting '' wins every election by a fair margin . 
  there 's also the fact that people vote against parties more than for parties , not generally agreeing to much of what they say . 
  i 'd say 20 % for leave is possible in spain , but that 's a landslide in favour of remain . 
  i do n't think any credible referendum in recent times had such a one-sided result as 80 % -20 % . 
  because these polls are being used as a manipulation tool , and pushing an agenda would be harder with actual best-effort data . 
  i do n't think there 's much of a chance that the greek government actually carried out this referendum because the chances of leave winning would be quite high . 
  but with these politicians you never know . 
  he implied neither . 
  he said the conclusion is not supported by the data . 
  lack of evidence is neither disagreement or disproving . 
  haha the denial knows no bounds . 
  i also know the opposite . 
  people who were actually scared by project fear and felt bad about voting out , but now they 're comfortable about the idea . 
  also people who have soured to celebs and remainer politicians openly dismissing the result of a referendum , something unheard of in the history of the uk . 
  haha so , just like the polls said pre-referendum . 
  might actually mean that other countries would vote * like the uk did * then ? 
  that may result in a few missing packages . 
  these boats are stable enough to withstand that . 
  nothing really big there in the canals . 
  i 'd predict the same for the next year . 
  the surprising thing would be a deviation from this . 
  people do n't like negative predictions but , hey , * reality * . 
  if you consider that better , then it 's an improvement . 
  the claims are ridiculous and so is the language used , with regards of what the strategy is and what the intentions are . 
  and i 'm a brexiter myself .
