  we get to feel like we did it out of charitable ideals . 
  how does this remind you that comment ? 
  ok , it 's you two and maybe a few more chaps ;-) the article is a valid criticism though , from our point of view . 
  maybe the rhetoric is a bit over the top . 
  not a big deal afaic . 
  it 's you . 
  that would be obvious bribery then . 
  the effect is greater by creeping into their economy . 
  nope , maybe satire by the red top press did though . 
  cheers . 
  regardless of context , it 's a feature of northern european culture to associate work and freedom . 
  i think we will have to revise it in the future though , or get seriously burnt by the general environment of technology and labour . 
  maybe i screwed up the grammar , have n't touched a german book in ages . 
   maybe with them , not with europe . 
  joining eea requires to obey union 's rules without a say in making and also contribution to budget on which you 'll lose your rebate . 
   requires compliance with the fraction of eu that applies to the eea which is fairly minimal relatively to the whole . 
   british people do n't accept decisions made by polish majority . 
  parliament , commission and all the others represent all nations of the community . 
  it was an example . 
  we have to accept the collective decisions of the ec - where we are one in 28 - and ep where we have under 10 % of the vote . 
  collective decisions of a group we do n't identify and which are often against our interests . 
   you would know do n't you ? 
  funnily it 's us eastern europeans , folks that knows what living in what you think eu is , are the most pro european . 
  it 's a wannabe . 
  of course , you 'd find the general idea natural , even though you may think `` this time it 's the good one . '', 
  the course is clear . 
  not our decision but theirs . 
  if the welsh do n't feel represented as british , they should indeed leave . 
  same for the scottish . 
  we could trade with them as independent countries if that 's their preference . 
  with modern technology there 's no great barrier to that . 
  trade does n't require political union . 
  political union in democracy only makes sense if there 's a * demos * behind . 
  a single people that can accept the will of the whole even when it goes against . 
  for instance , i 'm not polish and i do n't pretend that i 'd happily accept a decision made by a polish majority that i did n't sign up to . 
  we 're into a deal that 's very different to what we signed to . 
  we got into a trade bloc and now we are into some supranational soviet union wannabe . 
  it 's what it is about . 
  you generate a dependency and then you have a weapon for coercion . 
  so , why the technical demands in the first place ? 
  if my country received 4 times more than it put in , like yours does , then maybe i 'd have a different view of the eu - although the main problems would still be there . 
   eu-9 : 66 % in 1979 , 54.3 % in 2014  of course it was high . 
  voting is compulsory in belgium and luxembourg which were in the eu-9 . 
  also in greece and cyprus by the way . 
  obviously you have to make your own decisions taking everything into account . 
  if/when that time comes , then it will be your call . 
  i do n't expect that you get out of the eu immediately if we do . 
  it will depend on how does the eu evolve in the future . 
  maybe in the short future , maybe never . 
  not our call . 
  i remember it was quite low , the lowest ever . 
  42 . something sounded about right . 
  and that 's with compulsory voting in places like lux . 
  the eu as a political monolithic entity is a lie ... a matter of time until the farce crashes down . 
  perfect score ... 
  i guess i spend too much time reading about the bloody eu . 
  like in all good satire , there 's a pinch of truth to it . 
  you can just open it in an incognito/private window , but i will paste it here . 
  ------- france shuns europe as brexit revolt spreads ambrose evans-pritchard france has turned even more viscerally eurosceptic than britain over recent months , profoundly altering the political geography of europe and making it impossible to judge how paris might respond to brexit . 
  an intractable economic crisis has been eating away at the legitimacy of the french governing elites for much of this decade . 
  this has now combined with a collapse in the credibility of the government , and mounting anger over immigration . 
  a pan-european survey by the pew research center released today found that 61pc of french voters have an `` unfavourable '' view , compared to 48pc in the uk . 
  a clear majority is opposed to `` ever closer union '' and wants powers returned to the french parliament , a finding that sits badly with the insistence by president francois hollande that `` more europe '' is the answer to the eu 's woes . 
  `` it is a protest against the elites , '' said professor brigitte granville , a french economist at queen mary university of london . 
  `` there are 5000 people in charge of everything in france . 
  they are all linked by school and marriage , and they are tight . '' prof granville said the mechanisms of monetary union have upset the franco-german strategic marriage , wounding the french psyche . 
  `` the eu was sold to the french people as a ` partnership ' of equals with germany . 
  but it has been very clear since 2010 that this is not the case . 
  everybody could see that germany decided everything in greece , '' she said . 
  the death of the monnet dream in the eu 's anchor state poses an existential threat to the european project and is running in parallel to what is happening in britain . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/business/2016/06/07/pew_2-large_trans++nqsfwb85vljghmliymee7vbtwboxfo2elx4la56s_rc.png the front national 's marine le pen is leading the polls for the presidential elections in 2017 with vows to restore the french franc and smash the eu edifice . 
  while it has long been assumed that she could never win an outright majority , nobody is quite so sure after the anti-incumbent upset in austria last month . 
  `` the front national is making hay from the brexit debate , '' said giles merritt , head of the friends of europe think tank in brussels . 
  `` the eu policy elites are in panic . 
  if the british vote to leave the shock will be so ghastly that they will finally wake up and realize that they can no longer ignore demands for democratic reform , '' he said . 
  `` they may have to dissolve the eu as it is and try to reinvent it , both in order to bring the brits back and because they fear that the whole political order will be swept away unless they do , '' he said . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/business/2016/06/07/ref_2-large_trans++chco2f1jjycmyrb_lt46uivivj0v5nfdg2zwnsxkbuw.png mr merritt said it is an error to suppose that the eu would carry on as a monolithic bloc able to dictate terms after a brexit vote . 
  `` the british would have pricked the bubble . 
  the germans are deeply alarmed at how suddenly the mood is shifting everywhere , '' he said . 
  the pew survey shows that dissatisfaction with the eu has risen to 49pc in spain and 48pc in germany , two countries normally seen as pro-european . 
  this is roughly the same as in britain , though different in character and less intense . 
  france has always had a eurosceptic core and rejected the european constitution in 2005 by a large margin , but this mood is increasingly tied to the rise of the front national . 
  mrs le pen won 55pc of those classed as `` workers '' in the latest local elections , eating away at the left flank of the ruling socialists with a tooth-and-claw defence of the french welfare state and a declaration of war against globalisation . 
  her industrial strategy has strong echoes of mussolini . 
  `` le pen has attracted all the people who feel left out , the discontented from both left and right , and it is spreading to the middle class , '' said prof granville . 
  `` we are in a very dangerous phase . 
  the french elites are extremely scared of what could happen in france if there is a brexit , '' she said . 
  the revolt comes comes as paris battles a wave of protest against labour reform , a push that has come close to rupturing the socialist party . 
  the measures were rammed through by decree to avoid a vote . 
  scenes of guerrilla warfare with police on french streets have been a public relations disaster on the eve of the euro 2016 soccer championship . 
  the industrial clashes have mostly subsided but all-night talks to resolve the rail strike failed to break the deadlock . 
  rail workers are demanding a maximum 32-hour week . 
  eric dor from the ieseg school of management in lille says powerful vested interests have made france almost unreformable . 
  `` there is no fundamental consensus on what needs to be done . 
  it is clash between two conceptions of society and that is why it has turned so violent , '' he said . 
  mr dor said the labour reforms have been watered down and are a far cry from the hartz iv laws in germany in 2004 , which made it easier to fire workers and screw down wages . 
  the key bone of contention is a plan for company-level wage bargaining , now standard practice in vibrant economies . 
  prof granville said the french establishment has never come to terms with the meaning of monetary union . 
  `` either we stay in the euro or we do n't . 
  if we want to stay -- and the euro is a religion for these people - we have to reduce labour costs , but they wo n't do it .
