  it 's well deserved . 
   you know 0 plot , 0 history , 0 about the universe . 
  complete lack of self awareness , `` pal '' . 
  the dnc are the # 1 reason in getting trump elected . 
  their process is a complete sham and it turned into a clusterfuck when they decided to pull all their weight behind hrc , causing most prospective candidates not to run , and letting the only principled candidate be someone the party would never allow to win . 
  hrc was an absolutely terrible candidate . 
  but going back , obama is also to blame because he created such a divisive politics scene in the us that it allowed a radicalised republican party to get back in . 
  he 's been governing on executive orders for years . 
  trump is to a great extent the result of this , although other even more radical candidates like ted cruz also became a possibility . 
  the ussr did n't have much of an ideology . 
  it very quickly became a justification for pretty much the same practices from tsarist times , with such grip on power it made the worst times of the russian empire seem tame . 
  it 's really simple , the country wants to be able to filter migration like most sane countries do - rather than being forced to take anything from a massive pool , and only impose filters outside of it . 
  uk 's fertility rate is one of the highest in europe , by the way . 
  very few migrants would be needed in terms of maintaining a stable population . 
  iq based on standardised student performance ? 
  seems legit . 
   a promise she 'll very likely never keep , unless she wants to go down like cameron . 
  cameron went down because he invested himself in one side , completely berated the other side and then lost . 
  otherwise , a referendum does n't need to be a reason to lose your political capital . 
   but if she really had a program that wants to get france out of the eu , then why propose an extra referendum ? 
  precisely because of what she said of respecting the will of the people ? 
  polls are obviously not reliable in this sort of issue because the press takes sides and they will completely lead the polls to whatever they want . 
   would n't her election to the presidency validate her program ? 
  is n't that fishy ? 
  the answer is obvious : she does n't really mean it . 
  mean what ? 
  because she is not committing in that respect , talking about referendums and not literally defending one thing or the other . 
  i 'd fully expect to use this referendum as a tool for negotiation with the eu . 
  that 's how it started here as well . 
  because the eu would concede nothing at all , calling cameron 's bluff which turned out not to be a bluff . 
  you mean in the case of `` merry xmas '' in their respective languages ? 
  they definitely do n't look like the same , and they 're not listed in that site for good measure . 
  lol yeah , very subtle `` humour '' xd, 
  i think he wonders about the colour code and why do hungary and romania belong to some group . 
  more wishful thinking from the indy . 
  no idea , because the sentence is incomplete . 
  in any case i clarified for any readers bumping into that piece of trivia . 
  you mean his father . 
  he was born and raised in london . 
  no problem . 
  politics can get us worked up . 
  it 's a good point to be fair . 
  sad about the situation , but it 's hard to be sorry for apologists of certain actions . 
  of course , but you admitted as such so there 's not much to discuss on the fact . 
  i was just hoping you 'd probably reconsider your bigotry if it was apparent enough to you . 
  obviously you are happy about it . 
  peace out . 
  so basically you say defend one thing or the opposite based on the perceived sentiment of the post . 
  very objective . 
  it 's one of them . 
  they usually play it at the end of the competition . 
  obviously . 
  it 's also the song from the samsung ad with beckham . 
  i would n't refer to it as such though . 
  what about the frexit referendum she talked about ? 
  i 'd say that 's relevant . 
  the free market can very easily trump every single labour law and right if they are allowed to continue down this path . 
  because the laws may continue in place , but they would be unenforceable . 
  human resources in the uk now is mostly about knowing employment law and which actual reasons to hide when deciding about a candidate , how to avoid lawsuits etc. 
  but they will use any information they can get by any means lawful or not . 
  information is a currency that can not be charged back . 
  / u/fortean already replied with the classic `` but but we made it illegal '' :  every single thing you 're describing is highly illegal under eu law . 
  matters nought for the reasons explained above . 
  if a company can get away with something illegal to their advantage and they 're sure enough they * can not be caught * for it , they will do it . 
  especially now that whistleblowing illegal acts is openly punished . 
  `` why not both '' said cinema theatres . 
  they make you pay through your nose and they still show you 15 solid minutes of ads ( if you 're lucky ) . 
   how / when can we get rid of him ? 
  brexit looks like a plan . 
  other than that , wait until he retires or dies . 
  the ec is a strongly whipped vote , so you have to just * deal with it * in practice . 
   the echr is not an eu institution . 
  which is academic , because membership to the eu ties you to it . 
  think whatever you want , but the fact stands that the uk has an actual migration policy , whereas the eu is absolute chaos in both theory and practice , with deep internal disagreement . 
  will let you have the last word if you will , but it 's clear for all to see . 
  the uk is an actual country , the eu is a pretend one . 
  in the uk we can guarantee safe borders , whereas in schengen that 's obviously not the case , particularly in the south . 
  also the uk does n't have rogue members who 'd single handedly let in hundreds of thousands of refugees against the will of other members . 
  huh ? 
  northern ireland is inside the uk and we have a long standing treaty with the roi for free movement . 
  crossing to the uk and ireland is not so easy as walking through schengen borders . 
  not sure how it 's relevant , but hey . 
  it 's a boss song . 
  `` i listen to what you 're saying but i only hear what i want to '' `` that 's just called being a woman '' xd lmao must be scripted . 
  migration policy and border controls are not exactly the same thing ... but with respect to border control : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhri0hibtii, 
  they look like they 're there to prevent illegal parking , or aid with traffic closure times and congestion tax . 
  they probably also serve this purpose , i 'm not even sure tbh ( i live in london but i do n't generally drive , it 's nuts here ) . 
   and `` flavoured '' should n't have a `` u '' in there , it looks babaric . 
  haha `` babaric '' is what you see in the mirror , dunce . 
  civilisations of europe are much more than just religion , imo . 
  several christian countries have remarkably different civilisations . 
   when all the european countries shared the same base civilization that 's a bit of a stretch , though . 
  i mean , not that we do n't now , but that we ever did during schengen times . 
  not just europeans either . 
  what about schengen ? 
  the post you have replied to is hyperbolic , but europe has indeed changed and will continue changing because of these lunatics . 
  it can hardly be denied at this point . 
  the debate is how deep those changes are exactly . 
   either the ecb/eu institutions deny italys bail out procedure , which will be a slap to the italian government and only fuel anti-eu parties , or they green light it and say `` our policies designed to protect taxpayers and reduce risk are worthless '' i expect option b right now . 
  i mean , option a makes more sense but it 's a political hot potato nobody wants .
