in fact the normans are now a lot more part of us than part of the french . 
  keep on rooting for them lol . 
  more or less orban 's plan . 
  and we wo n't help them go home either . 
   @gmpcitycentre  man arrested demanding deportation ( fed up after 10 yrs in manchester ) may have to find own way home ; was released after immigration liaison, 
  worst case scenario is going back to where they were in the first place ? 
  that will deter them . 
  vladimir vladimirovich 's approval ratings are so hot right now . 
   england would not exists , it would have been conquered and assimilated for good england would exists bigger because la france surrendereds earlier . 
  it was pushed against the will of several countries . 
  the eu is a farce from the get go . 
  under punitive conditions . 
  nay , we go back to the common market that we had until 1993 , and stop this federal nonsense . 
   under limited circumstances lol . 
  obviously our cousins across the pond are sound . 
  that 's why we love them . 
  this is because the eu singled you out ( together with croatia ) . 
  but not because of membership itself . 
  the eu is a gang really , what can i say . 
  but staying outside of the euro and schengen is the positive part of this deal for bulgaria , being in would be the price to pay for being able to work and travel elsewhere in the eu . 
  with a massive cost for the country , i 'm afraid . 
  but that 's not because of schengen , what you want is eea membership . 
  you see , we ( uk ) are neither in the euro nor schengen , but we can travel freely inside the eu . 
  the norwegian can do the same without eu membership as well ( because eea is all you need ) . 
  english is the language of europe * now * and it 's mainly thanks to the us . 
  french had stronger legal presence in europe down to the 40s and german was the reference language for medicine . 
  ever since wwii 's aftermath english has been super-powerful worldwide . 
  we still have / r/undelete, 
   well they mention only ** czech republic and slovakia ** , talking about other ee states , even if we consider baltics being one of them , we ( baltics ) would never leave schengen . 
  they could have their own agreement . 
  with blackjack . 
  call it czech-slovakia . 
  blessing in disguise for you guys . 
  as with the euro . 
  we opted out of both . 
  same thing really if you ignore the symbols made up to get the plebs involved . 
  i cried a tear of pride inside upon reading that post from a croatian bloke . 
  deleted ? 
  wow . 
  once they 're in they have to deal with them . 
  as happened with croatia and hungary . 
  people entertain theory too much . 
  it 's not like they 're going on foot . 
  they get into trains for the most part . 
  i 'm not hungarian , just telling in how it is . 
  croatia is a failed state , so hungary was forced to take matters into their own hands . 
  let them get to germany some other way . 
  lisbon treaty . 
  he was over the top , but germany and croatia made him just right . 
  yes , but that 's not hungary 's problem to deal with . 
  as soon as croatia started assisting illegals into hungary they lost their sympathy . 
  while slovenia is wide open the hot potato is there . 
  so far they have only been exacerbated by the union . 
  it is , but breaking up italy would be a big deal . 
  same could be said about areas of france and spain . 
  they are really pretty much the same war , and the first one had the most strategic importance . 
  but russia and esp . 
  the us had a lesser role , so i guess the accounts you get thousands of miles away from europe are different . 
  you let millions of culturally alien people come in a short period of time , and you will have a kosovo in germany within our generation . 
  it 's delicate to imbalance populations like this . 
  to the contrary , it 's the war guilt wearing off that 's leading them to their old ways . 
  the problem with that is that italy and france do n't belong , their economies are mixed and in striking contradiction with the rest of the list . 
  it 's germany , benelux , maybe austria ... and then their natural expansion areas are to the east , but in the east they wo n't like this idea . 
  not workable , because it 's too obvious . 
  eh , it was just a light joke . 
  never mind . 
  it 's only fair that germany have a kosovo of their own in a few decades time . 
   consensus-building good word for `` economic threats '' . 
  and an arrow indicating how these countries end up like syria . 
  you believe it so much you spoke for yourself twice . 
  atlanta is tough man ... 
  i 'm afraid , esp . 
  after greece , germany does have a colonialist attitude towards europe . 
  nothing was respected there . 
  deals behind closed doors , new ad-hoc sanctions while germany remains in violation of trade rules without penalties ... you name it . 
  i honestly wish it was n't like this . 
  but it seems like it is . 
  i 'm happy to read more people are waking up to the reality of this union . 
  our values are not closer to the us as they are to say the netherlands or denmark . 
  they are classic liberal values . 
  but the us seem to be more truthful to their discourse , which we appreciate , and we have strong cultural ties to them . 
  that was the prior treaty , the eec ( 1958 -- 1993 ) . 
  but reich lovers gon na reich . 
  preach it bro , and never mind the downvotes . 
  hopefully more people will wake up to the farce the eu is and it 's not just the uk and denmark . 
  yeah it 's all about reddit cred to have an opinion on the eu . 
  we might be forced into that even if we do n't choose to . 
  it 's being incredibly mismanaged for short-term political gain in the countries involved ( germany included ) . 
  if only it was so simple . 
  you can not safely ignore people in positions of real power . 
  because germany says so . 
  nah i would n't even entertain the idea of asking germany to do anything internally in their country and using threats to get it done . 
  i want them in germany taking care of their own business the way you guys please . 
  stop acting small-minded , and i will stop telling things the way they are . 
  within the eu people are noticing this , they do n't even need to be told . 
  it takes little time in germany to see this . 
  mediterranean countries and historical global powers like france , spain , netherlands , or even portugal are a million miles ahead of germany in this regard . 
  haha `` douche '' , try and get into the us to use your american slang better . 
  it would be an intensive course into learning your actual global dimension as a people . 
  first you find out what you are , then reconsider talking down to eastern european countries that are struggling in many ways because of this abortion of union you guys have derailed .
