  probably . 
  their vote is usually more principled though . 
  not saying that makes them right , not all principles are good . 
  what , would n't you wish the best for them ? 
  by and large the conservative option is the statu quo . 
  older people however tend to think more about the nation and less about their personal gain . 
  them and their parents fought a war and rebuilt this country . 
  they know what 's up and they have a more global and less european vision of international politics . 
  agreed . 
  i wish the best for little europe . 
  most important one : we make our own laws again within our land . 
  that includes control over our borders . 
  we go back to having a country , and a democratic one at that . 
  something that most central europeans alive have n't experienced . 
  a full opt-out to freedom of movement . 
  that would have been fairly major . 
  personally i only believe in two routes for the eu where the uk fits : a ) commonwealth-style eu ( in the mould of [ ours ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_the_commonwealth_of_nations ) ) this allows for expansion to turkey and ukraine no problem . 
  it 's what the uk deep down probably deem sensible at this point . 
  - fmp/fmw cancellation required , or exceptions - drop the euro , ecb - drop schengen - drop most eu institutions dreamy scenario for us as things stand . 
  back to an overhauled eec b ) closer union with similar nations - easily half of the current countries would have to leave - common social security , pensions , debt , welfare - common military - we join the euro or a fixed rate scheme we would begrudgingly accept this rather than having them in our doorstep lording it over us . 
  thankfully this does n't seem to be ever happening . 
  ----- the eu is going towards b but with a lot of asymmetries . 
  it will end up like the austro-hungarian empire with the germans ruling a bunch of vassal states in varying pecking order , through debt domination ( and eventually trade and military domination ) . 
  it will ultimately break down and collapse . 
  we wo n't be a part of that , obviously . 
  to be honest with you , his desperation sounds more like his job is at risk rather than mine . 
  maybe also his mate dave 's . 
  man up and stand for your country . 
  bring it on . 
  how gracious . 
  however he 's right , usually it does n't matter what do we want . 
  correct . 
  for osborne , jobs ( his job and his mate dave 's ) are more important than sovereignty . 
  q `` how many remainers does it take to change a light-bulb ? '', 
  a `` change ?!, 
  too much risk and uncertainty . 
  it would destroy the economy . 
  prove that we wo n't go into ww3 if we change it !, 
  10 years of recession , 8 million jobs and cornwall would secede ! '', 
  not / u/downandout2010 ( far out ) http://i.imgur.com/udzljh7.png there 's always one . 
  the netherlands is quite possibly our closest cousin in the continent , followed by denmark and then maybe sweden , germany . 
  there 's clear resemblance with the netherlands . 
  not as much as with the us though , let alone australia , new zealand and canada which are even closer to us culturally . 
   i never like this train of though . 
  it implies that our leaders should n't bring up a referendum they might lose . 
  which is very anti-democracy . 
   it 's not at all implied . 
  what cameron did though is bringing up referendum with the intention to prevent it having any effect , and now claiming that one option is a disastrous option for the country that should never be allowed . 
  you do n't have to be so dishonest about it , that 's not a requirement of referendums . 
  i hope we move somewhere closer to the tropics !, 
   he had to promise a referendum to win the election , i do n't think he actually ever wanted to leave the eu . 
  nah , i do n't buy that at all . 
  he probably wanted to avoid further defections to ukip . 
  but what he 's done will divide the party much more than otherwise . 
   is this about feelings or reality ? 
  i deal daily with the us from ny and boston , and with continentals ( france , germany , ukraine ) . 
  no comparison . 
  continentals are about as foreign as it gets . 
  fair enough , asians are even more foreign . 
   i feel that your are romanticising a relationship that only exists in the heads of a few transatlanticists . 
  the us has made it abundandly clear , through words and actions , that its relationship with britain is and always will be a pragmatic one first . 
  i do n't think you understand what cultural affinity means . 
  maybe because , outside of little central europe , your country has zero affinity with anybody . 
  ironically - or not - that behaviour is exactly what we 'd expect and that 's what we do ourselves . 
  `` nations have no permanent friends or allies , they only have permanent interests . '' - lord palmerston  tell me , what influence will britain have as a state within the united states ? 
  what of britain will be left if it needs to adopt all american federal laws and rescind all british laws in contradiction to it ? 
  the uk would find a * demos * within the north-east of the usa . 
  we could perfectly identify as part of it and therefore admit our collective decisions . 
  to pretend we can mend as a single people across the eu is beyond disingenuous . 
  germans least of all believe that . 
  germans , french , greek , portuguese , slovaks , etc are not the same people and they wo n't be in the foreseeable future . 
  this is fundamental for ** demo ** cracy , so you can accept the legitimacy of decisions even when you are in the losing minority . 
  even when the majority all lies elsewhere . 
  because we can perfectly recognise ourselves as mutually foreign . 
  we do n't have a collective conscience , and our values vary massively . 
  we are not us of e. 
  wo n't last long if he loses the referendum . 
   what is david cameron thinking ? 
  i wonder about that myself . 
  the idiot is campaigning to remain . 
  despite not achieving anything of significance in his negotiations and after calling for the referendum himself . 
  he 's going to damage his party massively no matter what . 
   the us had similar issues with texas or better yet , the south wanting to recede . 
  i do n't think that 's the goal , but more of a trade-off of such a decision . 
  handy against the ad northkoreum . 
  we missed a trick not joining the reich and reforming them from within . 
  ps : reworded and posted again because of censorship, 
  you 're right it 's an exaggeration . 
  the us-uk are far less foreign to each other than brussels is to us . 
  arguably the uk reformed out of its georgian monarchy partly as a result of the break-up . 
  we both prospered and we 're very friendly now . 
  i 'd even consider rejoining a union with the us . 
  hell , this is looking good . 
  we 're going down sooo bad we 'll sink in the atlantic . 
  think about the effect on housing prices . 
  the original post included the '' ? _ r = 0 '' query string . 
  reddit does n't detect these dupes . 
  maybe 10 , and that 's not counting the world war and the russian invasion that would ensue . 
  and i 'm saying that not much has changed . 
  if you look at the scale of their oil dependence this is pretty much negligible .
