  i know the uk pretty well . 
  poor areas here have much better ppi than those of southern and eastern europe . 
  unemployment is relatively low as well , and benefits coverage is comprehensive . 
  which creates a problem . 
  in spain and italy that i know of , it 's not included . 
  oecd usually does n't include it . 
  we do . 
  sorry for the confusion though . 
  no , not significantly so . 
  poor european areas are comparable to many areas in latin america , the middle east and asia . 
  south africa would also have `` european '' indicators . 
  cpi does n't include housing . 
  they are remarkably arbitrary . 
  meaningful data for you to look up . 
  http://www.bls.gov/cpi/cpifaq.htm#question_7 it 's similar in most countries . 
  and since housing is so significant these days , it 's pointless to compare different places based on wages/cpi . 
   europe is about the same . 
  i stopped at this piece of complete nonsense . 
  maybe the original 12 were n't so off . 
  but the eu has ever-growing conquest aspirations and it wildly overstretched what could be a single market for goods , capital and people without causing havoc . 
  these stats are usually bollocks tbh . 
  i 've lived in several countries and i visit the continent often , and trust me the uk is not the only place where real purchasing power is stagnated or in decline in real terms . 
  consumer prices usually leave housing out , and countries like italy , spain , france , greece , and most of easter europe have experienced a crowding out of the housing market that offsets any wage increase . 
  obviously , london is worse than most places . 
  but the uk as a whole , not so much . 
  it does n't depend on what you do when you 're talking about policy . 
  it 's a pita we have to deal with for the foreseeable future . 
  fortress white europe does n't seem like a step towards a world with fairer immigration . 
  small price to pay for having actual countries that can organise for themselves . 
  we 're not in a post-country world - if the conditions existed for that i 'd be the first to ask for fom everywhere . 
  well , it 's australia . 
  unfair to compare most of europe to that blessed place . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong at all with having this life experience . 
  i 've lived in countries in and out of europe . 
  being part of the eu or having decent prospects in your country would n't have to stop you from doing this . 
  have a look at the ez numbers then . 
  most of the first world has barely `` recovered '' since 2007 . 
  but here they say you hate people you do n't have a political union with . 
  so i guess canadians hate europeans if they do n't want to be part of the eu , 
  but then how can the media make up their own narrative ? 
  using selective numbers is more work . 
  we 'll see in a decade where we all are . 
  fair . 
   i see you 're very active in / r/europe , why is that ? 
  been for years . 
  europe is my continent , so ? 
   maybe you should go hang with your own people over your own subreddit actually these subreddit are every bit as remainer as here if not more . 
  because it 's mostly teenagers . 
  i 'm active there sometimes nevertheless . 
  not that it 's any of your business , mind . 
   your xenophobic views and an absurd superiority complex it 's you who has a problem with your bigotry . 
  you just have to project your intolerance on the british decision to leave the eu in us having a superiority complex or being xenophobic . 
  grow up . 
  i meant the decision , but keep the dream alive if you want :-), 
  european union negotiators seem to say something radically different every day . 
  was n't access to the market out of the question with brexit ? 
  seems like it is n't today . 
  anyway , the process is on and declarations to the press are mostly bluster . 
  cheap one-time payment for freedom . 
  the net contribution is periodical and subject to increase as the ez collapses . 
  yeah , and this was june 24 , 2016 . 
  medio = average . 
  mediano = median . 
  edit : sorry , meant to reply the other poster . 
  are you daft ? 
  the individual countries are one thing and the eu political project is actually a very different one . 
  i nordics by the way are not all in the eu , sorry to break it to you . 
  i 'm not trolling anything . 
  this is a thread about brexit protesters ( wasting their time tbh , we won ) . 
  tough shit . 
  i 've been in the sub earlier than the vote . 
  this is n't / r/eu but / r/europe - which we are part of anyway . 
  of course , because we won . 
  no need to gloat or be mad at anyone , what 's the point ? 
  time to move on . 
  lol, 
  we 're europeans , we do n't want to be in the eu political project . 
  it 's a different issue . 
  agreed . 
  given the choice i would n't live in any of these big cities . 
  and once in them , it all boils down to the money you can make there vs your cost of living there . 
  pointless because we 're out , pending the paperwork . 
  foreign secretary is a vanity post . 
  negotiation is being drafted by the intelligence agencies and career diplomats . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  the eu can not defend itself , and they are too dysfunctional to change this fact in the foreseeable future . 
  so , we will see . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  the eu is divided and on the verge of collapsing politically . 
  good to know we 're not the only happy ones . 
  disingenuous comments on the eu representative 's part . 
  the uk and the eu both have starting positions both in their complete favour . 
  it 's called negotiation . 
  yep . 
  well , in any case , by the time we either just leave or trigger art50 , we need to be ready and coordinated with other global powers ( most importantly usa+c anada ) . 
  we are not going to be dictated conditions from the position of a pariah . 
  do n't worry about that . 
  saddle up is followed by howling farm . 
  violence creek is followed by spankfield . 
  brexit means we leave the eu structure .
