  it does work the other way around as well . 
  sorry if the world does n't comply with your simplistic view described by a venn diagram . 
   i mean , you 're typing a lot of words and the sentences are readable and what not . 
  however , you 're not actually saying anything . 
  zero sense , good job on doing what you criticise in others . 
  it did to a large degree . 
  maastricht and lisbon changed the game and ended any realistic chance to redefine the eu . 
  not anymore , since we already are on our way out . 
  the people wanting to subvert the referendum are very annoying , though . 
   who do you think you are representing here ? 
  the winning part of the referendum , which won handsomely by over a million votes difference . 
  nato is not ever changing . 
  we agreed to that part of the deal since the start . 
  this condition has never changed . 
  as i 've repeated many times in this thread : a lot more people dislike the eu than voted leave . 
  the majority of remainers want deep reform in ways that are frankly unrealistic and out of sync with the rest of the eu . 
  the conditions have changed drastically several times since we joined , in ways strongly contradictory with our will and with what we were sold . 
  otherwise the result of the referendum would have been different , or there would n't have been one in the first place . 
  `` sabotaging '' is a sentiment-loaded word to mean `` reform '' . 
  each member has a particular vision of the eu and wants to steer it their way . 
  i know , but i want to dispel this myth that cockney is `` the accent of london '' . 
  a lot of people believe that . 
  the result is plain for all to see . 
  we voted out . 
  correct , a thing we tried to stop from the inside . 
  but alas , at some point we had to admit defeat . 
  desperate , really . 
  the uk * is * the home nations . 
  they no longer exist otherwise , except in people 's imagination . 
  in other words , these nations without the uk - right now - would be something completely different , that never existed . 
  you voted for remaining in the uk , plain and simple . 
  i 'm aware . 
  does n't mean the people in the uk were sold we could actually undo a good deal of the eu . 
  we did undo some , but not that much . 
  it was unrealistic . 
  if we had been more successful in dismantling the political union part of the eu and staying an eec , then i 'd be for remain right now . 
  sadly it did n't work out that way , and i do n't believe it would looking forward . 
   online express reader polls are not ` real evidence ' . 
  good job we had a referendum . 
  aaaah no , that means nothing . 
  your opinion pulled out of your arse means more . 
  in regards to the sovereignty of their internal ethnicities , they are actually quite similar . 
  but i was simply stating i do n't want union with anything , including these three - which are all unlike each other . 
  nope , because they blatantly lied about these decisions . 
  which is what led to the pressure into a referendum , and ultimately the result we just had . 
  the largest mandate in the history of the uk , despite all the fears and worries banged 24/7 in the bbc . 
  indeed :-), 
   the uk is a union of countries the uk is a union of countries , which is a country itself and has been for a long , long time . 
   the uk is a country , but it 's also an artificial nation and those are difficult to maintain especially when due attention is n't paid to that fact . 
  by now , scotland is more artificial as a nation than the uk . 
  right now , scotland needs to look at london , which is more unlike the rest of the country than scotland , in order to find some real contrast . 
  it 's mostly nostalgia and folklore than anything else at this point . 
  let 's get real . 
  okay , apparently we 're done with actually talking about the function of the eu and we 're into the remaniac 's la-la land and rosy view of the eu . 
  wasted enough time with this i think . 
   regardless of how much they want to point to a worthless referendum , leavers are a minority in this country . 
  yeeeah right . 
  because you say so , despite of the overwhelming , real evidence to the contrary and the actual result . 
  cockney is a small minority by now in london . 
  there are many different accents in london , and cockney is certainly not the most spoken one . 
  sadly the world is not so simple . 
  union is good depending on how harmonious it is . 
  i would n't want union with russia or china , or the eu . 
  that 's a very noticeable accent like any other . 
  almost nobody speaks like this in the streets , anywhere . 
  no , you are playing with words . 
  political project and political union project are not the same thing . 
  the commonwealth is political . 
  nato is political . 
  the un is political . 
  they do n't pass large amounts of law we are forced to implement though , nor they increasingly overlap our sovereignty . 
   is that right ? 
  is that a textbook * tu quoque * fallacy ? 
   as it happens , i think quite the opposite . 
  euroskeptics portray the eu as some sort of black hole of democracy , when in reality it 's arguably more democratic than the uk is !, 
  this is reflected in the staggering number of lies put forward by the ( majority euroskeptic ) press . 
  yeah , we disagree . 
  good job we had a vote to find out , huh ? 
  people voted out * despite * knowing it could cost economically . 
  i know i did , so did most other brexiters i know - which are many since i campaigned actively in labour leave . 
  freedom is not free . 
  we want out , surely it 's about time you get over it . 
  i can not fathom being in this denial about the result of the referendum , or any vote for that matter . 
  when my option loses , i deal with it . 
  it certainly does have a tonne of parallels . 
  however it would be silly to pretend it 's the same . 
  300 + years , same language by now ( overwhelmingly ) , complete integration in most respects ( despite some recent undoing ) . 
  the eu is nothing like it . 
  if the uk behaved as dysfunctional as the eu i 'd be the first to support a break-up . 
  the uk for a long time now * is * a country . 
   it was harold wilson . 
  the referendum was in 1975 , a full four years before thatcher took power ( although at this point she was leader of the opposition ) . 
  thatcher campaigned for `` in '' . 
   the european communities act had already been passed three years earlier . 
  does n't matter . 
  we are still being sold something completely different even now . 
  it 's called politics . 
  they know people would vote out in a landslide if they state things in a truthful way . 
   the uk has been vetoing any attempt for more power in the eu for years . 
  which is consistent with everything i said , but it does n't mean the eu project did n't slowly `` progress '' anyway .
