  it 's just that the quality of life is not the same everywhere in the eu by a long shot . 
  i 'd also add that cities are more relevant than countries for quality of life , and that you can not game sectorial market demand . 
  i agree with him . 
  our political system is actually one of the most functional ones in the world . 
  it 's not better because there 's a lot of apathy , but the system itself is much better than proportional diluted systems . 
  i 'm left thinking that you should n't prosecute people for trying to pay as little tax as they can . 
  it 's what they are supposed to do . 
  must close down the loopholes . 
  indeed they do . 
  we fought together hand in hand with the commonwealth using english as a base . 
  as late as wwii . 
  but we had a sense of identity and brotherhood . 
  this does n't happen overnight . 
  man , in the end we have to trust our people . 
  this is a long , long term decision . 
  sad to see people downvoting you out of pure spite . 
  we 're in this together . 
  i do think you guys should chill and come together , though . 
  man , they asked him again to verify he said cut or abolish and he said `` abolish '' . 
  in any case we ca n't cut much right now . 
  until brexit . 
  this is why marxists are so miserable . 
  their world-view , ironically - or perhaps not so ironically - is absolutely materialistic . 
  +1 vote, 
  indeed we have almost no influence just like the french . 
  but we are aware . 
  that 's * partly * why we 're leaving . 
  it 's the same reason labour turned to the eu in the early 90s trying to stop tory domination home with foreign rule . 
  sadly it 's a failed plan long term . 
  if you can not trust your own governments , looking for eu rule is just desperate . 
  had we entered the euro and we would be absolutely finished by now . 
  the main arguments for the remain campaign are tory . 
  they are based on promises of special status and eu reform . 
  the general agreement is that `` ever closer union '' is a disaster and must be stopped from the inside . 
  only a few teenagers are for federalism . 
  i think you are a bit confused about the politics of the uk . 
  there used to be a page on vat history but it seems it 's not available any more . 
  if you do n't want to read through all the details for changes in 2015 and 2016 your best bet is google . 
  general module : http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/common/elearning/vat/index_en.htm since 2006 the lowest legal general tax across countries is 15 % and the lowest reduced tax is 5 % with exemptions to some products : http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/tic/public/vatrates/vatrates.html abolishing vat like that man said is illegal in the eu . 
  we have a very strict framework about what we can do with vat within the union . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  no doubt about that . 
  our crooks like dodgy dave use the dysfunction in the ep to their benefit . 
  we want them accountable as they are under our system . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/07/david-cameron-offshore-trusts-eu-tax-crackdown-2013 https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/258997/pm-letter-tax-evasion.pdf we can not reform the eu , as history shows . 
  so our best shot is to leave . 
  no metal left , must make tanks for the germans . 
   i liked the part where daniel hannan repeated an embarrassing lie on national television by saying that we ca n't cut vat because of eu law , despite the fact that labour cut vat from 17.5 % to 15 % in 2008 . 
   british eurosceptics : trustworthy to a fault . 
  you should probably ask when you doubt a claim like that , instead of just mouthing off . 
  there have been comprehensive changes to eu vat law in 2015 and 2016 introduced to stop multinationals from avoiding vat systematically . 
  it 's no longer possible to cut vat like we did in 2008 . 
  in fact , even then there were a set of margins and we could n't completely abolish it like the man proposed . 
  british remainers : either lying , ignorant or disingenuous of what remaining entails . 
  nothing stops them , other than their own labour capacity . 
  corbyn thinks this can simply be legislated , which is delusional . 
  the poorer countries in the eu can not raise their minimum wages without causing mass unemployment , because their economies are lower in productivity . 
  if only it were so simple , we would all be rich overnight . 
  this conversation goes longer than that . 
  the user error_correction defends that the eu is like the us in terms of identity or that it does n't make any difference for the military . 
  the posts were moved a few times and it became a complete waste of time , as usually happens with these completely delusional views of europe . 
  what parts of what argument do you want me to address ? 
  feel free to ask . 
  already most of the legislation of the uk was decided and enacted outside of the uk in the continent , in institutions we have a minor say . 
  http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/researchbriefing/summary/rp10-62 we have tried to block 72 motions in the e.council during the last 3 decades , and we have succeeded a grand total of zero times . 
  our sovereignty is effectively very limited and academic at this point . 
  after lisbon , our voting power is even lower . 
  several countries are in weakened positions for negotiation because of their debtor relationship to other eu countries . 
  also , the eurozone has just over the established qualified majority vote of 65 % . 
  all these factors reduce our decision power in eu to absolutely nothing . 
  and even if it were different , the ep is unacceptably dysfunctional for british values , and we have no chance in hell to effect any change . 
  the honest option is leaving . 
  https://twitter.com/labourleave/status/720507110237282305 the campaigns to stay are full of false promises of reform that would put us at odds with the rest of the eu since day zero . 
  you do n't want us to stay and constantly try what these people are promising . 
  and you know it . 
  we will make our decisions here , using this : http://www.parliament.uk/about/living-heritage/evolutionofparliament/houseofcommons/reformacts/ like this http://www.parliament.uk/about/how/, 
  on the one hand this is the eu , and popular opinion matters little . 
  on the other hand , a eu army is not the same as wanting to rule europe - which you conveniently cut when you quoted me . 
  no , he immediately assumes he knows my country better than me after a few visits . 
  it 's a childish worldview . 
  edit : think whatever you want , but stop wasting my time, 
  spain made 12 and 20 euro coins made of silver . 
  the 12 euro one was cheaper than its weight in silver for some time that the silver was higher . 
  it disappeared very quickly from the market when that happened . 
  i also have some silver pound coins that are in theory legal tender but i doubt you 'll ever encounter one . 
  the leader of the leave campaign is labour 's mp for vauxhall , kate hoey . 
  edit to add her position : http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/labour-mp-kate-hoey-why-leaving-the-eu-is-a-left-wing-move-a6687936.html, 
  yes , and the same happens to other arguments and then , unsurprisingly , people mature and vote like mature people . 
  i was pro-eu myself much earlier . 
  part of it was that i did n't know much about it . 
  this compounds with the worsening of the situation and the fact that the eu is a failing project . 
  but a lot was simple naivete and identifying the eu with a more fraternal europe , which can not be further from the truth . 
  these same people will grow up with time - huge prediction , huh ? 
   the old are desperate to fuck over young people one last time , that 's what the referendum is all about . 
  when you grow up , if that ever happens , you will learn to appreciate and value life experience . 
  if he 's a teenager , then his attitude is understandable . 
  over the internet , some context is lost . 
  this is true , but neither the french nor us are interested in ruling a single superstate , where as the german seem to go back to this idea regularly . 
  it did n't happen in over 1000 years , so i doubt it will happen by june 23rd . 
  we would have our sovereignty back .
