  you 'd just have crime . 
  if not for putin - or more precisely , for russian resistance - more of eastern europe would be a lot more integrated with central europe . 
  it 's pretty plausible that their general social indices would be very different . 
  i 'm aware . 
  i have guns , and i do n't carry them around . 
  still , the gun community in the uk and in spain - where i 've spent a lot of time - is tiny , and i know this first hand . 
  you tell people you have a gun and they do n't even believe it , and if they do they often freak out . 
  trust me , civilian ownership is much higher in austria than in spain . 
  even in the uk it 's higher . 
  not sure what do you mean by die-hard . 
  plenty of practising jews outside of israel . 
  for instance here in london , wearing their kippa daily and all . 
  indeed it 's the right thing to do . 
  it 's complete denial of anti-semitism to say they are literally no more targeted than * any * other group . 
  yeah , that 's the only way a leader can cause death . 
  not surprised about that . 
  also in romania hunting is pretty big , and in ukraine . 
  in the uk and spain though , it 's mostly limited to people from rural areas and a tiny amount of people elsewhere . 
  if you look at the demographics of spain , it 's overwhelmingly urbanites these days . 
  i have a hard time believing even 5 % of spaniards have any guns . 
  it 's not what these statistic measure though , so there is no contradiction here . 
   10-15 % of people in spain owning one or multiple guns is quite beliveable . 
  nah that 's still very high . 
  maybe 20-30 years ago when rural population was more significant . 
  nowadays the vast majority of spaniards are urbanites and literally freak out at the sight of guns even when it 's law order carrying them . 
  i guess they also include service weapons from police forces and national guards . 
  because civilians in general very , very seldom have weapons in most of europe . 
  i do have a couple guns , but people look at me like i told them i 'm a murderer when i talk about it . 
  they 're hunting rifles , which i only use for target shooting ( not a fan of killing wildlife for sport ) . 
  for that reason guns per people looks like a pointless statistic . 
  people with guns would be a much more meaningful one . 
  i mean , i have a couple myself - for the purposes of crime i should count as just one . 
  also , they 're rifles and they 're useless for crime in most settings . 
  handguns and assault rifles are much more meaningful . 
  there 's plenty of hunting in the countryside . 
  in france as well . 
  edit : it does seem high though . 
  for a practicing jew , the probabilities of being specifically targeted are much lower in israel . 
  in france they are a small minority , in israel they have `` safety in numbers '' . 
  for the most part , these countries were built on military dominion by absolutist regimes . 
  their identity was created on top of it from isolation . 
  that 's the way most european countries originated . 
   and jews will be victim of crimes and abuses the same way , white people , black people , arab people , asian people , christian , muslim , bhudists are victims of abuse . 
  that 's the sad reality . 
  we just happen to talk a lot more about it when the victim is jewish . 
  this is the classic anti-semitic response by the way . 
  complete denial . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  it 's pretty bad here as well . 
   in his defence , it 's true that ** anti-semitic sentiment in most of europe is quite strong right now ** . 
  in france specifically it 's through the roof . 
  this news is about france though . 
  in his defence , it 's true that anti-semitic sentiment in most of europe is quite strong right now . 
  in france specifically it 's through the roof . 
  either speculation will be based on assumptions . 
  such is life , outcomes of negotiations are not fully known in advance and depend on many things including the strategy adopted by the government in the first place . 
  it 's simply a fact . 
  like when george michael died , there was zero information other than he died . 
  now , if you dislike the fact enough , then you may be more or less likely to remove the actual news from the submission queue . 
  ;-) well , by reform here i mean forced `` austerity measures '' - at the moment , italy , spain and france can not be credibly threatened with ez expulsion . 
  they know full well they 'd collapse the whole ez and the eu if that happened . 
  greece otoh is already very much droppable , and when most liabilities are in the hands of the ecb , other bigger countries could be orderly dropped . 
  unlikely to happen directly , but definitely would change the negotiation stance . 
  and , if things get out of hand , it may actually happen . 
  looking at the debt numbers , what 's for certain is that these countries wo n't repay their debt on their own . 
  well , it so happens that the eu is not europe . 
  in this case it 's diffuse because while vladivostok is mainly of european culture and heritage , so is the usa or canada , or australia , or argentina . 
  i believe french guiana is actually part of the eu as special member territories . 
  the canary islands , madeira and azores are also in the eu . 
  there are a few peripheral territories more . 
  geographically they are not europe . 
  then again , europe and the eu are not the same thing . 
  does it take age into account ? 
  because i doubt the average woman in europe is in her mid twenties as most of these girls look . 
  it 's perfectly plausible that countries either leave or are kicked out , if push comes to shove . 
  by making it more feasible , the eu has negotiation power to impose reforms . 
  that 's smaller than provence-alpes-c\u00f4te-d'azur and bigger than bouches . 
  at least that 's the impression i got from that map . 
  edit : uhm looks like i was wrong . 
  the twit was posted in the comments . 
  not that there were many to miss it . 
  the twit happens to be the source - mayor of beaucaire - and twitter is banned from the sub . 
  like armenia or georgia for instance . 
  or australia . 
  or maybe the usa then . 
  putin 's shade of death . 
  yep , the threshold being right in the middle makes scotland look worse than it really is . 
  the highlighted area is bigger than its department but smaller that its region . 
  maybe some sort of postcode division . 
  removed by the mods yesterday because the british press did n't cover it yet : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5keebt/rue_du_brexit_approved_in_beaucaire_france/, 
  that does n't stop them from buying up most liability . 
  their whole debt could indeed be in ecbs hands . 
  germany and france would simply need to emit more debt as well , which so far they are doing . 
  it 's not hard to * sound * ott though . 
  the reader does n't necessarily know the same things you do , or share their opinion . 
  sounding hyperbolic does n't help credibility , even when you are accurate . 
  i 'd say mixed . 
  i do n't generally agree with them in their conclusions , for instance on russia . 
  they 're pretty pro-russian it seems in the ukraine-russia conflict . 
  it 's former boe chief lord king who thinks these deals are actually plausible .
