   only if logged in , you were supposed to give examples why you need cookies if the user is not logged in . 
  again . 
  for analytics . 
  for any sort of personalisation of the experience ( remembering options , etc ) . 
  cookies are not silent by any means . 
  you can setup your browser to reject them , to show you new cookies , etc. 
  even site by site . 
  ergo the button is completely useless and it just nags everybody . 
  the excessive nagging gets the user accustomed to ignore warnings . 
  something dangerous itself . 
  pointless to repeat the same thing over and over again . 
  read above . 
  is it not clear enough ? 
  it 's just one thread , and you do n't repeat the exact same question someone else made . 
  if you find the answers confusing then reply to these . 
  tape loop argument ? 
  when you do n't need to , you do n't do it . 
  when you do , then it 's pointless . 
  see above and stop with the bloody tape loop . 
  it 's a pita for everybody . 
  both users and providers . 
   it did achieve something . 
  it has created an incentive for websites to stop tracking their users using cookies . 
  not bothering them creates a better experience which may cause them to stick around longer . 
  pointless , because you will have to use them if you want these repeat users . 
  i do n't think i use a single site regularly that did n't make me click on the thingie . 
  it 's once anyway , so the repeated user experience is bollocks . 
  if anything , it discourages using new sites slightly . 
   that there are more convoluted methods to track users is true , but is n't a valid argument against the cookie-law as cookies are by far the simplest and most prevalent way of doing this . 
  from this point on it is simply a matter of lather-rince-repeat until the whole concept of not tracking your users sticks . 
  what it does is getting the users accustomed to ignore warnings . 
  as if they did n't do that enough already . 
  it 's really an absurdity . 
  all sites which are n't a glorified flyer do profile you . 
  by showing the button everywhere you do n't achieve anything . 
  in fact , they can profile you in more convoluted ways . 
  cookies are opt-in , you can disable them in your browser . 
  in fact you can use an add-on to keep track of this site by site . 
  i 'm extremely pro-privacy and i think this achieves absolutely nothing other than bothering people . 
  allows to profile the user much better . 
  allows for persistent sessions , for accounts . 
  there are many reasons . 
  if you use google analytics or anything similar , you already need cookies . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  that would depend on the bulk deals they may achieve . 
  obviously if it 's too expensive to be workable for anyone , then nobody will do it . 
  but a fluctuating market price would eventually see a fee that 's low enough to make sense for someone . 
  haha ... you have n't built many sites , have you ? 
   you 're one of the most prominent leave campaigners on this subreddit . 
  am i ? 
  i 'm flattered . 
   you 're taking a note from farage and banking on everyone being too stupid to realize this . 
  good luck . 
  huh ? 
  no i 'm not doing that . 
  actually i post about many other things as well , and many pov i do n't agree with . 
  if you think this is too stupid to happen , think of the cookie button directive . 
  if the eu forces it across the board , google will have to suck it up or become useless compared to the sites paying up . 
  i ca n't go through it right now from my phone but it 's well established that there wo n't be any kicking out of residents . 
  as for practicality , we disagree . 
  that 's why we 're voting on it , otherwise we 'd have taken the decision already . 
  it makes sense , but the ussr is probably more apt . 
  when you try to keep a union by force it definitely is not a happy situation . 
  the main reason is a practical one , but it would also be blatantly illegal because of the luxembourg compromise . 
  do n't worry nidrach , we 're not going to kick you out . 
  forget about that . 
  neither will eu nationals be forced out from the uk nor vice-versa . 
  you 'll find my submissions not to follow this theory at all . 
  you can count on me doing just that . 
  `` always '', 
  nope , i post whatever i find of relevance that i think it 's missing . 
  it just so happens that this sub seems to avoid or mass-downvote anything that appears critical and outside of the circlejerk . 
  the implication is absurd . 
  as if any significant amount of brits were following the exchange rate , much less on a weekend . 
  literally it says `` leave at last '' but the nuance i think it 's best as in `` leave already '' - if any native german speaker wants to contribute a better translation i 'll gladly take it . 
  ca n't edit it though . 
  it 's mostly a humour piece . 
  such people do exist though . 
  i do n't think they are specially deluded . 
  a lot of the redistribution is cap policy . 
  the spanish have significant subsidised crops . 
  spot on . 
  well , it would start getting really messy if we also include other minor groups . 
  but yeah , something like that . 
  these are the main ones , except for bretons which can not be compared to the others . 
  pre-norman uk was dominated by these peoples : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ee/britain_peoples_circa_600.svg, 
  could be , but that does n't account for any of the links the article makes . 
   and i have absolutely zero comprehension as to how anybody could think that way . 
  fanaticism . 
  speaking sense as usual . 
   european central bank in frankfurt , germany , so is that skewed too ? 
  best not to mention where the ecb is . 
  if you want to elaborate on that i 'm all ears . 
  are n't threads for discussion ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , housing prices in sweden have been mad for much longer than this period of strong gdp growth 2007-2016 . 
  there 's no logic consistence in that statement . 
  their lack of political knowledge may lead them to vote republican , if that 's the case . 
  but it does n't follow in any way that voting against their interest shows they lack political knowledge . 
  maybe you hypothesise that they vote against their interest because of lack of awareness of this fact ? 
  that would make sense .
