  for me that 's quite special . 
  corbyn 's eu is absolute fantasy , i 'm sorry to say . 
  oh , i 'd love to see it happen and i 'm not ashamed at all . 
  i 'm very excited that we seem to have a good shot at it and i will definitely be voting for it . 
  for extra effect they should have done it exactly one month from today , on the anniversary of the dutch capitulation and anschlu\u00df . 
  these are the moldovans :-), 
  probably not very aware going by their attitude . 
  we will do our best . 
  thanks for your concerns . 
  k , you are going to lecture me about the uk :-) what a waste of time some of you are . 
  how old are you ? 
  we do have mixed views on `` primary '' identity , but that 's common to all old nations of europe . 
   says the person from the state with 4 different nations with strong regional identities , and a history of mixed armies from around the world ? 
  we have already developed a british identity . 
  but in case you have any doubt , the english did indeed dominate the original coalition and nobody put this in doubt . 
  the dutch would have to accept their place as second fiddle , no two ways about that . 
   but let me explain carefully why . 
  the reason new york and california do n't dominate the rest is because while they are one-to-one bigger and richer than all the rest , the rest put together are bigger and richer than them . 
  thus in organisation with fixed voting rights , they get outvoted by everyone else . 
  nope , you live in a world of fantasy where european nations do n't exist any more . 
  this is not the reality in 2016 . 
  if ny spoke german and ca spoke french or english , rest assured they would be recognised as different with regards to the us armed forces . 
  not even accounting for the rest of the cultural differences . 
  you keep on being disingenuous about the fact that he 's basically visiting to influence a referendum on self-determination . 
   the state of new york or california does not dominate the us army it 's funny how you pretend european nations do n't have separate identities or are anything like the us of a. 
  someone needs to tell this guy that plan a is staying out of eea . 
  sorry froggy . 
  not the first time . 
  yep , that one . 
  he did n't ** come . 
  ** hard to read full sentences ? 
  cameron is done if he loses the referendum . 
  even osborne seems unlikely to stay in his post in the event of brexit . 
  these articles seem to always skip the bit about legality . 
  did he do anything illegal ? 
  he should seek asylum in the uk or some other civilised country . 
  did obama come to the uk to suggest scotland what to vote in the referendum ? 
  no he did n't , and i 'm pretty sure the general view in the us is that they 'd prefer the uk not to split . 
  it 's expected that foreign leaders do n't come to meddle in votes . 
  this is like we sent a delegation to the us to tell them what to vote in the next elections or in their primaries . 
  no , dummy . 
  suggestions on referendums often happen in private . 
  dummy . 
  did you watch question time last night ? 
  they 're pretty bright as a people . 
  they had 20 years to do that . 
  not even in current negotiations knowing that dodgy dave would look like a dunce for coming home with essentially fuck-all , did eurocrats bother proposing something of minimum significance . 
  yeah , because reddittors are comparable to public figures like the president of the usa . 
  we actually do n't know that yet . 
  i prefer the scenario where we are not even part of the eea . 
  it depends on the course of the post-brexit negotiations . 
  tories are divided and in turmoil . 
  in any case , we 'll do what our representative democracy approves rather than what brussels decides behind the curtains . 
  it means that we simply would n't be bound by it . 
  some remainers are now parroting that we can start an even worse deal on our own . 
  talk about just wanting to give up the country at all costs . 
  imo it 's out of line . 
  he 's free to do that , but it 's rightly not appreciated by many people . 
  regardless of the side he supports . 
  our referendum is in no way comparable to donald trump , but anyway i condemn that too , despite of his racist remarks . 
  i understand that many americans did n't appreciate that clear violation of protocol . 
  american policy affects the whole world and we are not expected to be going there and tell them what to do . 
  ttip is a deal between the us and the eu . 
  eu members and related people are reasonably expected to express support to either side . 
   saying the eu is the reason that gays are hated is overreaching a little bit who on earth said that ? 
  german humour is generally terrible , but that 's not a criminal offence . 
  the quality of the joke/satire is not the question here . 
  most of europe and also the middle east - where turkey belongs - are generally weak on freedom of speech . 
  it 's a bad influence imo . 
  nothing will change in this respect in the uk 's case . 
  even in latvia 's case , i think western influence happens mostly through the media and the internet . 
  there 's pressure on russia too . 
  they should probably have a look and realise that many non-eu countries play in uefa , like russia , turkey or ukraine for instance . 
  eu ! = europe no matter how much they keep on banging that drum . 
  good to see individual countries taking ownership and cooperating . 
  this is how it 's done . 
   vote leave has been trying to make a liberal case for brexit , with a focus on less regulation and freer trade there 's also a left-wing case , leaded by labour leave . 
  you do n't say . 
  that 's fine . 
  i will respect the result of the referendum . 
  we all get to vote . 
  i downvote all stupid and/or disingenuous stuff , i have n't voted most of your posts . 
  2 -  it 's not enough if we give total access to 500 + million non-british to our country , especially when the union keeps growing and accepting new citizens without our control . 
  it has gone way too far, 
   how should i vote ? 
  [ vote leave - take control . 
  ] ( http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/our_case ), 
  best of luck to them . 
  you prove the opposite . 
  40 years of competence creep put the burden of proof on the side in denial . 
  1 . massive overstatement 2 . we do n't control our borders , no matter how much sleaze you put into it 3 . dream on , 20 + years of history prove otherwise 4 . it 's just a pointless promise on cameron 's part , he pretends he can provide certainty about that 5 . no , you do n't understand . 
  we want to be able to control eu migration 6 . matters little  here you go , now get educated . 
  i will be having a laugh with that , thank you for the link . 
   now prove it makes us less safe . 
   britain , if the majority of the electorate wish , is excluded . 
  as david cameron secured . 
  http://i.imgur.com/k3f2ka1.png there is no such thing as staying on the fence of a federal europe from the inside . 
  we 'd have absolutely no power of negotiation and we 'd be bound by their decisions . 
  i 'm sorry to say but i think this will appear patronising . 
  there are poor people everywhere , not just in southern or eastern countries .
