  so , not the same as they random redditor thinking so . 
  it 's very opinionated but the data is accurate . 
  indeed , by buying up bonds the damage is ever more controlled to the point the ez might actually drop members without necessarily being brought down by it . 
  it 's not the countries that would willingly leave , but the ez that would be able to drop them . 
  which also changes the negotiation stance towards reform , because currently the bigger countries know they need to be appeased or they can bring the ez down . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18408448 ( this was widely misunderstood by the press , by the way - he meant that spain was indeed too big to be let to fail and the ecb and the rest of the eu institutions would have to collaborate ) . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  i think the reddit demographic likes bernie sanders more often than not , but the wider public maybe does n't even know much at all about him . 
  it 's actually an interesting article , even if the title is sensational . 
  actually , i picked the earlier title it had which was better . 
  it 's also a very important topic . 
  oh , mister `` look , an attack '' xd, 
  that 's a moronic comparison , but hey you do whatever you want . 
   and there 's another attack . 
  / u/muyuu seems to have an acute inferiority complex or a very short fuse . 
  that 's funny , because you do seem to have a very acute inferiority complex , that you can not get over the isles being called british . 
  it 's not british as in the british nationality ( a naming which is a historical accident ) . 
  but british geographically , as in the way they were known in europe in ancient times since at least the greeks . 
  i stand by them , but they are not attacks . 
  i 'm not surprised by his conclusion , how the fuck is that an attack ? 
  also , there 's no need to get worked up by technical decisions . 
  also , how the fuck is that an attack ? 
  you 're wasting my time . 
  there 's a dispute because there are butthurt people like you who can not get over the fact the isles are known by this name . 
  that 's enough for making it a name . 
  in fact the irish are in many ways closer to celtic britons , which give the islands their name , than modern day english . 
  the welsh are the closest though . 
  next thing you know you 'll want to rename the english language into `` irish '' . 
  you 're imagining things . 
  it 's not an attack . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles do n't accuse people of trolling for simply knowing geography . 
  agreed , but i would n't want to sound hyperbolic . 
  i try to lowball assessments not to sound ott . 
  that comment was directed to the poster i addressed , as we 've have several exchanges here already . 
  none of your business and i do n't particularly want to explain anything to you . 
  yeah , you 're right , i 'm mostly ignoring your posts now . 
  limited time to waste . 
  : * btw this will continue , so do n't bother . 
  the uk wo n't dictate anything . 
  actually the irish government already pointed to it , they 're the most interested party . 
  but we 'll see , no need to get worked up by technical decisions and negotiations . 
  you did n't see them in the posts above , so why bother ? 
  also , you are obsessed with profiling people , maybe try reading the arguments next time , so you do n't miss them . 
  so you have ignored all the other points , then . 
   i only reacted to your naive idea that losses/wins like this can be pinpointed to any one factor ( the dnc 's fault ! ) . 
  i rate it the # 1 factor . 
  by no means the only one . 
  in fact i mention several factors in these posts . 
   lord kings attitude towards ireland is not out of keeping with the centuries of british condescension and he risks rekindling tensions in northern ireland . 
  not surprised you make this sort of conclusion , but he did n't hint towards anything remotely like that . 
  the situation can not be summarised into a reddit post without making some generalisations . 
  i did n't make my view on reddit , far from it . 
  it 's you who are making this guess . 
  i 'm also not particularly pro-sanders , if you read carefully , i said that the dnc putting all their weight behind hrc prevented other potential candidates from running . 
  it 's you who are making your comments on me and trying to slot me into some convenient profile , instead of talking about the issue at hand . 
   you sound like someone who ... you sound like someone who is prejudiced . 
  if you have any points , do make them . 
  what context ? 
  twitter is banned , i posted in the comments from the source ( the mayor of beaucaire ) . 
  seems pretty arbitrary to me . 
  the mayor of beaucaire proposed to name a street in homage of brexit , and it passed with 23 votes in favour and 9 against . 
  announced by the mayor , julien sanchez : https://twitter.com/jsanchez_fn/status/813395903096782848  europe : le conseil municipal de beaucaire cr\u00e9e la `` rue du brexit '' pour rendre hommage au choix du peuple britannique souverain . 
  haha . 
  that 's a funny one . 
  fertility rates in this context means childbirths per woman . 
  the eu did as well , during the negotiations leading to the referendum and also in the ec election . 
  marine le pen is already capitalising on anti eu sentiment . 
  does n't even have to win the election to start doing that . 
  stalemates happen all the time when there 's disagreement between houses . 
  such are checks and balances . 
  it beats tyranny from a single power . 
  that 's why i carefully said `` won the electoral college '' . 
  must admit he did well on strategic focus during his campaign . 
   and btw `` random '' parentheses make `` you '' look like a teenager . 
  however , your constant unprovoked personal attacks make you look brilliant . 
  your lack of self awareness showing again . 
  his name is mervyn king , he was named a peer ( to the house of lords ) recently . 
  you may know that already , but just in case . 
  it 's not a matter of average orders ( he brought that down by calling much fewer in his last year ) . 
  it 's a matter of how divisive and impopular these orders were . 
  as you said , he used them not to get urgent measures passed but rather to steamroll over the opposition . 
  it 's by design that you have checks and balances in the us and it 's a basis for common law . 
  frustrating as it may be in terms of the time you need to effect changes . 
  it 's better than the alternative . 
   and as i recall , it was radical republicans and trump who started this nonsense , with birth certificates and `` obama is a muslim '' . 
  [ ... ]  they won with this strategy . 
  that 's ridiculous if you think this is what got trump in office . 
  you do n't win the electoral college on top of that nonsense . 
  if anything , they won it despite of that . 
  i 'd venture they lost it mainly because many possible democrat voters would n't vote for hrc , but your guess is as good as mine - or indeed , that of the mainstream media . 
  they won on negativity , because it had been cultivated for years . 
  americans , as much as you 'd probably love to label them , are not conspiracy theorists to such large numbers as to win the election on `` obama is a muslim '' and nonsense like that . 
  sorry , but that 's bollocks . 
  the american media and political analysts are so laughably out of touch , i 'm not surprised with the tone of your post . 
  it 's the same dismissive tone you got from the media about trump winning the election , and here he are . 
  putin 's only influence , if any , was to expose the corruption in the dnc and hillary 's disregard of procedure . 
  that 's it . 
  surely looking at the source of hacks is like looking at the finger pointing to the moon . 
  but reality is hitting so hard , it 's sort of funny . 
  even if the result of this mess is far from desirable .
