  no way , i know people who have retaken the test a mere two weeks after failing it . 
  there is no 5 years wait requirement . 
   simply put , the evidence supports the theory that ; in the short term leaving the eu will be bad for the economy . 
  i can agree with that prediction personally , but still it can not be dropped as fact . 
  the burden of proof is on proving the effect , not the non-effect . 
   which is fair enough , but this article and this discussion are n't about sovereignty ( which we still have ) nor accountability ( which the eu has ) . 
  i made it clear that i do n't particularly agree with the focus of this article . 
  i also think we have lost too much sovereignty to the eu . 
  i doubt all eu countries are treated the same way . 
  they were n't pre-maastricht . 
  you can come for tourism for 3 months ( the standard deal ) but not granted automatically - see for example what you have to do to get to japan , australia or the us . 
  you 'll need a visa for work , obviously . 
  otherwise there would n't be much of a point in brexiting . 
  he argues that he spoke but not very freely . 
  he can speak freely now . 
  obviously there will be a visa regime for all of the eu ( except ireland ) , as used to be the case just a couple decades ago . 
   most businesses economists and many outters agree that a brexit will hurt the british economy ( at least in the short term ) which in reality does n't mean much . 
  they are right in their predictions once in a blue moon . 
  personally , i do n't obsess that much over the short term economic effect , which is largely unpredictable imo . 
  sovereignty and accountability rank higher for me . 
  correct . 
  i want just the change for the better :-) now we have to determine what that is . 
  not for eu immigration . 
  the eu has included enough poor population for this to be a serious pressure for the uk . 
  this is exacerbated by the eastwards expansion and by the immigration policies of other countries mainly in the south of the eu - and also by the eurozone debt crisis . 
   in the end what counts for people is their economic well being . 
  it 's important but i do n't like this concept that it 's the be-all and end-all of life . 
   if the brexiters want to change the status quo they must explain how we are going to be better off and better able to pay for all the things we want and need ( health , education etc ) by leaving . 
  standard conservative argument for all political change . 
  most articles about this issue are focusing in the sentimental . 
  the one tangible is border controls ( for better or worse ) and some sovereignty issues . 
  how it affects trade will only be found out after several years . 
  i had friends who have passed it and i 've seen mock exams and the official book . 
  said official book should n't take anyone more than 1 or 2 months to study to the required standard to pass the exam . 
  context : http://i.imgur.com/8tsztim.png http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2016_winter_forecast_en.htm ( interactive ), 
  homosexuality was decriminalised in year 1967 for england and wales , in year 1980 for scotland and 1982 for northern ireland . 
  the republic of ireland did n't decriminalise it until 1993 . 
  just to put things in context . 
  for instance in spain , homosexuality was decriminalised in 1822 , then recriminalised by general primo de rivera in the early xx century . 
  it was decriminalised again in the first code after the end of franco 's dictatorship in 1979 . 
  in catholic italy homosexuality was decriminalised in 1890 . 
  most georgians i know are chess players and they look fine to me although i 'm a straight male so i may not be the best to judge . 
  the girls are beautiful . 
  on the bright side it 's a reminder on how policed and observed people are in social media . 
  it 's important to raise awareness on that . 
  i do n't know how old are you , but i can remember the pace they were developing at right after the berlin wall collapsed and it was n't any slower than post-euro . 
  it 's impossible to know exactly how these countries would be with just normal trade relationships with western europe . 
  what we do know is that countries like italy , greece , spain , portugal were severely affected by disparate bank rates , a strong currency they were n't ready for and a coordinated fire-sale of a great deal of their means of production and industry - and also quite importantly the overheating this caused in their real estate market . 
  we know quite well how did this impact some of them and we can make some degree of extrapolation to countries like romania or poland for instance , which also had their real estate explode with the credit expansion of the mid 2000s . 
  the economy of the eurozone was very badly mismanaged . 
  in case you are confused , i meant that they have/had a british parent who is n't necessarily white . 
  up to the commonwealth immigrants act of 1962 , all citizens from the commonwealth had extensive rights to just come over and ask for a passport . 
  these who did are now british , and so are their offspring even if they had returned to their native cities . 
  that 's why we have millions of people from these areas of the world and they are british , even though they may be foreign-born . 
  you are funny . 
  most of my current neighbours are eu citizens by the way , because i live in a finance-heavy area . 
  where i lived before , most of my neighbours were white british , with some polish in the area . 
  which is anecdotal anyway . 
  punjabi , urdu , hindi and bengali ( languages ) are split more or less evenly , and polish is ahead of them all right now . 
  not that i have any problem with any of these minorities . 
  most of punjabi speakers are 100 % british as i said before but you seem not to understand . 
  i have some british friends of punjabi descent . 
  they are more british as far as i 'm concerned than [ enoch powell ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) , because that ethnicist worldview is anti-british . 
  foreign-born does n't make you non-british . 
  many people from the commonwealth have a british parent , for obvious reasons . 
  you 'll see many around here , they are not immigrants for the most part . 
  coming here from these countries without being british is remarkably hard because of the point system that applies to all non-eu currently . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about , obviously . 
  we have almost no migrants from that area of the world , unless you mean 2nd , 3rd and 4th generation british from the commonwealth coming from the indian subcontinent . 
  but these are british now 100 % , this is not nazi germany . 
   obviously . 
  the law would violate eu laws if it would n't say this . 
  yeah , and obviously the very reason of that new policy is that we need to reduce the total amount of net immigration because we can not stop the massive eu inward flux . 
  this would change immediately with brexit and we 'd be able to allow more north american , australian and asian skilled migration in as we used to . 
  currently we have some 250k per year net incoming non-british migration . 
  this is too much for our infrastructure esp . 
  considering they mostly come to overstretched metropolitan areas . 
   and what stops the uk from doing exactly that ? 
  the uk needs a lot of new laws regarding eu workers anyway . 
  extending the 35k rule to eu citizens is a great way to guarantee that the `` anyones '' from the eu leave while the skilled workers from the eu stay . 
  the fact that it goes against our interests to cause havoc by expelling large amounts of people while they are under contracts . 
  good old fud . 
  nothing remotely like that exists but your argument is `` why would n't they ... ? '' . 
  by the way , during the two years cool-off period most of the poles would be able to apply for citizenship if they were n't given permanent residency - which i 'm pretty sure it would happen . 
  certainly those who are not already here would likely have to leave in the event of brexit , or those who have come very recently and lose their job . 
  these are a tiny minority of the poles we have here who are already eligible for permanent residency . 
  why would they be ? 
  the law clearly states that this applies to non-eu migrants . 
  a new law would have to be introduced so it applies to eu workers . 
  the main reason for this rule is precisely that we can not stop the onslaught of eu workers coming in . 
  not only it would n't affect current residents from the eu but it 's very likely that this law would be scrapped altogether in the event of brexit . 
  we 'd much rather have skilled workers from the us and australia than `` anyone '' from the eu . 
   to be able to say that , you need to compare it with the alternative . 
  the gap was narrowing prior to the euro . 
  true enough , we can not know , but it looks rather bad . 
   also you do n't mention eu cohesion funds . 
  they only worsen the dependency . 
  in the worst cases , they are offered in exchange to applying production quotas and taxes that are crippling . 
  in the best cases , they disincentivise their local productive economy vs consumption . 
   not at all .
