  this will pan out over a few months apparently . 
  it 's quite a short notice for the market to stomach that actually banks are insolvent and the ecb will have to pony up basically just the same as prior to bail-in regulations . 
  what can possibly go wrong . 
  the list can definitely be improved . 
  the situation depicted in this post looks a bit like change to me . 
  i can not really quantify the change in germany vs france in this respect though . 
  eh , listened to that years ago . 
  very appropriate . 
  haha . 
  boss . 
  you hop into a train and move to italy . 
  had he taken a car and there would be no trace . 
  might have gone all the way to the italian coast and maybe even manage to leave europe from there because their coastal control is overwhelmed at the moment . 
  i 've crossed the french borders several times without a single control . 
  only in the uk you need to pass a proper control ( outside of schengen ) . 
  shame this is removed . 
  the map is pretty good . 
  this guy travelled all around europe despite arriving illegally . 
  in depth : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-23/monte-paschi-s-544-year-journey-from-the-renaissance-to-rescue, 
  seems like it . 
  it will be a test for said rules . 
  my prediction is that it wo n't go swimmingly and this may cause another ez crisis . 
  bloomberg 's take : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-23/italy-to-plow-up-to-21-billion-into-banks-as-paschi-plan-fails reuters : http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-banks-italy-monte-dei-paschi-idukkbn14c05j, 
  you do n't need to be sorry to disagree . 
  also , unsurprising that statists do n't think statism is the religion - they just think it 's the way of the universe :d, 
  there are several things that can be interpreted as religious belief in the state . 
  including fanatical nationalism . 
  the most direct would be statism as a religious belief system : http://www.debate.org/opinions/is-statism-a-religion a more generic one would be the belief that one 's state is the end-all and be-all of things , ahead of individual rights or freedoms . 
  though this is often somewhat blurry with other self-identifications like ethnics . 
  not the case for nationalism in multi-ethnic societies . 
  it 's a boss song , innit . 
  the abrahamic god is described in the same early scripture . 
  different branches emphasise and expand from `` prophets '' and interpretations later on . 
  that distinction also happens in different branches of islam , christianity and judaism internally . 
  belief in state authority being the solution to most or all problems . 
  it 's the exact same deity , even derived from the same scripture . 
  in the poll mentioned , they counted muslims and christians equally . 
  china is too unstable for this to be a certainty or near certainty at this point . 
  with a majority of atheists for several generations though . 
  ahead of western europe in this respect . 
  follow up on https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5jt8k5/paschi_drops_private_fundraising_paving_way_for/ i know this sub downvotes bad news , but this is important . 
  that whole conversation is off-topic though . 
  spain would be against for sure if scotland unilaterally ran a second indyref . 
  very , very against and they would do anything possible to make it look like a terrible idea . 
  they would be against it if scotland tried to secede unilaterally , and westminster wo n't support a second referendum on short notice . 
  i 'm afraid the result is going to stand for the foreseeable future . 
  i think the timeline of stuff actually happening next year is more interesting . 
  with some pointless stuff in between . 
  man , it 's just geography . 
  none of the current boundaries existed back then . 
  nah , we do n't need the southern irish back . 
  never going to pass in westminster . 
  i was replying to [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5jo2w9/one_way_to_dividefuck/dbhxm88/ ) :  no chance at all . 
  it 'll be dependent on whoever owns it for our lifetimes and beyond . 
  i 'd still like it back though  ni would n't necessarily stand less on their own than the roi . 
  i do n't think they 'd enjoy being poorer for a long transitional period though , by and large they 're content with the statu quo . 
  as i said , that ship has sailed . 
  might as well reclaim the swastika to be a peace symbol . 
  not going to happen . 
  also , as a continent , europe does n't need a flag . 
  it 's not a country . 
  meh , that ship has sailed . 
  that is not the flag of the eu and that 's what people interpret , so the only thing that really matters . 
  surely turkey would just happily give up istanbul/constantinople ... :-d also , why leaving european russia out ? 
  i 'd also have zero problems with scotland , ni , or any subset of the uk seceding . 
  provided there was enough consensus for it . 
  [ ireland is the single most globalised economy in the eu , and second in the world after hk ] ( http://www.ey.com/ie/en/newsroom/news-releases/press-release-2012---global-report-confirms-ireland-is-most-globalised-western-economy ) . 
  that is , more than monaco or luxemburg for instance . 
  some countries are more dependent than others . 
  ni would be unlikely to top that as an independent state . 
  it would also be a lot poorer than it is now , mind . 
   then again , i 'm a pole - i may declare i love this country , but i 'd rather live elsewhere than here , in which case : au revoir , durnie . 
  that is funnily accurate . 
  is that a big deal for poland ? 
  they have minimal sway post-lisbon . 
  it would be a bigger clusterfuck for the eu than poland . 
  it should be pretty obvious by now , whoever said it . 
  eu dismemberment more likely than ni joining the republic in the near future . 
  is n't that the case for the republic as well ? 
  the economy is heavily dependent on both the uk and the eu as a whole . 
  plus recently , us companies settling there because of the tax regime . 
  yep , ireland is a lot like the rest of the british isles , but i have zero problems with their independence since that 's what they want . 
  a lot like gp feels about ni . 
  aka federal eu . 
  not with companies demanding straight unilateral deals in the name of the eu . 
  they should be dealing with the ec and the person appointed to negotiate on behalf of the eu ( guy verhofstadt ) . 
  is that lighting of the brandenburg gate because of the event ? 
  i wish people would n't stage these things because it only gives attackers more sense of notoriety . 
  i can understand people want to mourn the dead , but it would be more appropriate to do so privately imo . 
  they should n't be having these meetings , especially after publicly asking other members not to deal directly with the uk . 
  which may still happen , though . 
  it 's scandalous that a member can even try such a thing without the supervision or control of the whole eu . 
  this is essentially plotting the eu strategy behind closed doors on behalf of the eu and behind the back of everybody else . 
  a bit like the dealings with greece , just even worse . 
  i read somewhere that they had more women from ireland and scotland , so british isles here would be more correct than `` england '' . 
  source : http://www.decode.com/the-majority-of-icelandic-female-settlers-came-from-the-british-isles/, 
  if true that this meeting was held and yeah , it 's even a question . 
  to make sure they pay their licence fee , they do n't watch porn and they do n't watch what they 're not supposed to generally . 
  no , in common parlance . 
  of course i 've been to the blue lagoon .
