  no , i thought i explained this clearly enough . 
  nobody * likes the eu as it is . 
  the majority of people who voted in , did so believing we can reform it from the inside and this is better than dealing with it from the outside . 
  * save for the demographic stated above . 
  the ez was badly designed from the get go . 
  hopefully it can be sorted . 
  it 's not you , it 's us . 
  we just do n't want to be part of that political project as we want to preserve our law , our sovereignty , our standards and our political system . 
  wishing you the best , of course . 
  if the ez collapses it wo n't be good for us . 
  it 's really not arbitrary . 
  in fact thatcher - who got us in - was notably in favour of the ecc and strongly against political union . 
  in the uk we were sold something completely different , and promised it would n't become into what it finally did not that long afterwards . 
  this famous `` stay in and reform it '' was sold even in this last referendum . 
  just nick clegg and a few more outcasts ( all of the in this sub xd ) actually like the eu . 
  now there 's little doubt about the eu direction and in the uk people oppose that . 
  indeed a lot more overwhelmingly than the result of the referendum , which was strongly influenced by fear of the economic uncertainty a divorce with the eu may entail . 
  correct , disunity with the eu as a political union , which we never agreed to in the first place . 
  people deal with many things they do n't want on a daily basis . 
  does n't mean much . 
  it 's like when divorce was illegal . 
  people just dealt with their unhappy marriages . 
  surely you do n't advocate staying in the eu if people are so willing to part with it , despite of all the warnings and possible difficulties ? 
  even the most pro-eu continentals must agree that the eu should not be forced on people to such degree . 
  we were . 
  we voted for a common market ( eec ) , and the eu political union project crept in . 
  we 've been asking for this referendum quite strongly since maastricht , let alone nice or lisbon . 
  oh right , it 's o2 the one dropping to edge . 
  three drops to 3g but it 's really slow when it does in this area . 
  better than forcing people into it against their will , though . 
  nay , you voted unity . 
  ps : i meant in the scottish indy ref , but judging from the upvotes people must be misunderstanding xd, 
  nope , that 's ignoring basic geography . 
  `` no accent '' simply means the most accepted accent . 
  i do n't think we make this claim about any accent in the uk . 
  did n't they state they would n't pursue any action ? 
  ^ civilised v drunk paedos, 
  in the us most of the corporate tax is federal ( typically 25-30 % depending on income vs state corporate taxes usually between 10-15 % ) . 
  not that we have any reason to model our taxes on the us . 
   data is n't that expensive though if you buy your phone outright and use sim only deals . 
   i always do that . 
   just an example i had three 's unlimited 4g plan for # 10.90 , they ended that and kicked me off so now i 'm on id mobile ( runs on three 's network ) with 6gb for # 10 . 
  three is cheap but it 's very slow where i live . 
  same for giffgaff . 
  o2 and vodafone have good coverage but it is n't cheap on payg . 
  i have to give ee a shot though . 
  generally , data is expensive or speed/coverage is mediocre . 
  you may have a decent deal in your area but it 's not the general situation most users are in , and that 's why people just do n't use much more than their packages let them . 
  there 's friction to jumping from provider to provider , and also a lot of people are on contracts . 
  currently i 'm using two providers simultaneously on a daily basis . 
  three unlimited plan , which often is out of 4g and in peak hours it may drop out of 3g ~ ~ as well into very slow edge ( becomes barely usable ) ~ ~ , and o2 which is faster and more reliable but also does become slower in busy hours ( edit : dropping to edge ) . 
  this is in canary wharf by the way , not some rural area . 
  the problem seems to be congestion . 
  it 's possible to get more data but it 's a bit of an ordeal for most people , and it 's also not cheap . 
  i 'm pretty sure people would use a lot more data if the situation was generally better . 
  i mean , youtube or iplayer are seldom usable in my area during working hours , and outside of them i can access wifi anyway . 
  that alone would justify a lot more data . 
  it 's perfectly avoidable and in fact there has been a degree of harmonisation already . 
  meh , if they did n't charge so much for extra data i would use it more . 
  as is , i often wait to be connected to wifi to stay within 2gb or so . 
  https://twitter.com/turkeyuntold/status/810901134541930496  breaking : the assailant is identified as mevl\u00fct mert alt\u0131nta\u015f who is a police officer from ankara [ pic ], 
  would you say this is accurate ? 
  this is going to be quite shocking because he looked very legit . 
  paranoia might set in around critical personnel . 
  does he sound like a native speaker ? 
  yep right , i missed jersey . 
  they do have a special relationship agreement with the eu despite not belonging to it . 
  lots of tax dodging going on there , particularly against the uk . 
  +14.7 % is quite impressive . 
  gibraltar and isle of man have even more favourable conditions imo . 
   what i do n't get is the lack of outrage about this by the population in europe . 
  the eu propaganda machine buys a lot . 
  it 's down south , beyond the pale . 
   without it we 'd revert to being greece but with a worse climate that 's harsh . 
  i think the irish climate is just fine ... matter of taste . 
  if you mean the british virgin islands , they are not part of the eu or the customs union . 
  unlike the channel islands or gibraltar , but these are not in this particular list . 
  i 'm out of the loop . 
  why should they have their voting rights suspended ? 
  i hope it 's not because they 're voting for something the eu disapproves of . 
  should read `` one of the most successful tax havens '' . 
  netherlands and luxembourg are also in the list . 
  that will happen when the main elections are the eu level ones . 
  it 's not like they have a common interest . 
  countries like ireland benefit massively . 
  others lose a lot of business to them . 
  tax funnelling affects not only the ez but the whole eea . 
  of course it can be , if you engineer your system around it . 
  avoidance is perfectly legal , that 's why it is n't tax evasion . 
  the funnelling itself is more limited to digital goods , the avoidance not so much . 
  although these schemes are more complicated and some of them involve fraud . 
  some companies set a branch in the channel islands which have extra exemptions ( this is a pretty big one in the uk ) . 
  the sort of stuff people are proposing is kind of amusing . 
  it 's obvious that some degree of fiscal unity is necessary to make the ez work , and harmonisation of corporation tax for all the eea so tax engineering does n't run rampant as it does now . 
  i guess some people want to protect their own privileges but it 's pretty obvious there 's no other reasonable solution to this problem - unless you prefer to dismantle the ez . 
  something 's got to give . 
  it does stop a great deal of their commerce within the eu . 
  no , not necessarily . 
  for instance , pensions live almost entirely within this system . 
  both public and private .
