  the same thing that happens when a plane full of mail crashes . 
  some packages get lost . 
  such wind within sheltered canals is quite unlikely though . 
  it would also need to be very sudden so delivery is n't simply delayed . 
  in the future aliens from outer space could take over immigration policy . 
  does n't seem very likely though . 
  the uk deporting such a long term resident who 's married to a british national and has british children , and does n't have a criminal record , seems about as likely to me . 
  i agree with that assessment . 
  however , there 's some truth to the fact that the ecb is willingly or unwillingly making it more possible to drop members out of the ez without crashing the ez . 
   how do you know this because i know the immigration policy and i know how it works ever since we have one . 
   that 's what you say , but you do n't have any justification for that despite your dislike of remainers uh ? 
  i have all the justification in the world to think so . 
  even if the uk relegated the rest of the eu to the most strict of regimes we ever had , she 'd still be able to stay . 
  people who have been here just a couple of years can justifiably have some doubts . 
  not her . 
  what i think of `` remainers '' has nothing to do with it . 
  i do n't hate whole groups like that , you may be projecting . 
  you need to be a complete bigot to `` hate remainers '' as a whole , or `` brexiters '' as a whole . 
  plenty of remainer bigots around , though . 
  i was disappointed that modern talking did n't blast throughout the video . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5c8ac6v2kq, 
   easy for you to say . 
  it 's not your future on the line . 
  neither is hers . 
  she 's acting irrationally . 
  under no scenario a person married to a british national for decades will have any problems . 
  regardless of origin . 
   let 's not mention , your whole referendum was due to `` feelings '' . 
  you were irrationally emotional that brussels controlled your country and was forcibly importing invaders to replace your white people . 
  i disagree , but let 's not go back to that same discussion time and time again . 
  it 's past . 
  it 's certainly something that needs to be improved . 
  she should wait until she does n't need to travel regularly to do the paperwork . 
  she will be eligible in any case after being in the uk for so many years ( only 3 years required for people married to nationals regardless of origin ) . 
  this woman seems just overly and irrationally emotional about brexit . 
   `` i had a massive shock following the referendum . 
  i felt very stressed and suddenly felt walking down the street that the place did n't want me any more . 
  that feeling began to subside , but i thought i should apply for citizenship . '' feelings . 
  it 's not the only case i know though . 
  a lot of europeans at work told me they wanted to leave after the referendum because `` feelings '' ( they are all still here though ) . 
  still beats me that they feel so entitled to be special above people from the commonwealth and elsewhere in the world . 
  you are using fascist to mean bigotry . 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  fascism is a very concrete form of nationalism and socialism under a strong corporatism . 
  people use it now to mean basically anything that is perceived to be bad , but it 's not an accurate use of the word . 
  fascism is more related to the far-right than it is to extreme views and intolerance . 
  certainly not geographically , like armenia or east russia for instance . 
  so do i. . . way too many tired puns in our press . 
  i mean , our tabloids live on them but it 's not just the tabloids overusing these . 
  well , some are original and fine i must admit , but `` pain in spain '' , `` russian roulette '' and all that shite must end . 
  i believe that thing is more common here in the uk . 
  actually two out of the three examples you give are british . 
  it 's quite a tired pun , to be honest . 
  indeed . 
  let 's include the majority of the americas then , and australia , nz , etc. 
  what 's the rationale ? 
  eurovision participation ? 
  simple consolidation more often than not . 
  in fact it was a common occurrence in the early middle ages when many of the current countries were in the process of establishing an identity , that the rulers spoke a different language and had completely different customs . 
  borders moved back and forth through conflict and intermarriage of the ruling dynasties . 
  lad did n't even open the bottle of wine , what a poser . 
  all jews claim to be ancestrally from israel , however this claim is admittedly very dubious after several centuries . 
  sephardi jews are those who used to live in [ spain and portugal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sephardi_jews ) in the middle ages . 
  sepharad means spain in hebrew ( modern iberian peninsula , because roman `` hispania '' was the whole of it ) . 
  they were [ famously kicked from spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alhambra_decree ) in 1492 , and they spread in large numbers to northern africa , the ottoman empire , poland and the netherlands . 
  baruch spinoza is one example of portuguese sephardi jew from the diaspora to the netherlands . 
  but obviously , before settling in spain and portugal they had immigrated from elsewhere . 
  given the preservation of their language and culture , there 's little doubt that it comes from the middle east around the current area of israel . 
  however their intermixing with spaniards and portuguese is pretty obvious . 
   nonsense . 
  you 're talking about targeting groups . 
  in other words , people being targeted for being jewish . 
  or black . 
  or muslim . 
  or so on . 
  thus by definition it would be anti-semitic crime ; not just crime . 
  yes i am talking about targeting one group , specifically about targeting jews . 
  more than generic catholic ethnic french , which is the biggest group . 
  without dismissing other sorts of discrimination which also happens to a varying degree . 
  i think it 's mostly a matter of demographics . 
  the areas in spain where hunting happens have been severely and quickly depopulated during the late 20th century . 
  people have concentrated around metropolitan areas where there 's no hunting , and a full generation passed . 
  most kids now have n't even heard of hunting , or even milking cows , slaughtering pigs , etc which were completely common things just 30-40 years back . 
  this now only happens in rural areas . 
  in the uk it has n't been so dramatic because our society was more urban since the industrial revolution , a lot earlier than that . 
  still , there 's hunting tradition and is sort of a posh sport in many areas of the country . 
  nowadays spain has a more concentrated demographics than the uk . 
  in the uk we have thousands of small and middle sized towns and a lot of people live in semi-detached houses . 
  in spain most people live in flats either in cities or in commuter towns . 
  vast areas are completely deserted . 
  this may seem counter-intuitive but nowadays uk is the more rural country of the two . 
   he did n't say they were no more targeted than any other group . 
  he did :  and jews will be victim of crimes and abuses the same way , white people , black people , arab people , asian people , christian , muslim , bhudists are victims of abuse . 
  that 's the sad reality . 
  we just happen to talk a lot more about it when the victim is jewish . 
  this is implying the jewish community is n't any more targeted than any other group . 
  to pretend otherwise is disingenuous , especially provided the context of the conversation . 
   besides , even if he were saying they are no more targeted than other groups ; that still would n't be a denial of antisemitism , much less complete denial . 
  you should call it underestimating the problem ; rather than complete denial of it . 
  no , if jews were exactly as targeted as any other group , you would n't have any specific problem with anti-semitism .
