  in any case i do n't consider them european , as i clearly stated above . 
  not that i agree with this argument either . 
  certainly that sort of structure will be necessary to keep the euro alive under its current structure . 
  also , the ecb 's policy also hints at inflationary debt relief . 
  for a union of this sort , it makes sense . 
  was n't available to watch most of the time . 
  the caucasus do have some geographical claim but traditionally they 're not considered part of europe . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  it 's not like being `` europe '' was some sort of pride badge . 
  yea , and the peg in 1999 . 
  the uk was part of the eerm . 
  yeah , but the actual peg started in 1999 . 
  how about you own up to that instead of rephrasing and pretend ? 
  by the way , have a look at the brexit documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utmxfakxfq0 it was wrongfully flagged yesterday but it 's available again . 
  people should have the chance to watch this doc and to be exposed to its arguments . 
  comment about it and link to it . 
  it 's obviously not an argument . 
  there are more appropriate threads to argue about that . 
  leaving aside disagreements on what the eu actually is , kasparov must understand that asking the british people to vote on a single-issue ( russia ) that is relatively secondary to us , is just not very legitimate . 
  our vote on the eu referendum wo n't be based on putin . 
  as much as many of us dislike him . 
  building a second soviet union to antagonise putin 's russia is just not an appropriate course of action imo . 
  it could be , but i think it 's just salty pro-eu establishment people not wanting this to have too much visibility - as the doc explains , the eu showers money to many people and buys a lot of support . 
  enough dishonest individuals can make it hard to post this anywhere . 
  especially given youtube 's trigger-happy take-downs . 
  youtube allows for copyright claims without proof or verification . 
  people are just flagging it several different ways trying to silence it . 
  i 've seen it posted in vimeo to avoid this . 
  seems like vimeo is a bit more serious about the veracity of claims . 
  the peg of the original eurozone started in 1999 ( 1999/01/01 to be precise ) . 
  there 's always an element of `` justify my job '' in these declarations . 
  it certainly is . 
  funny to see it spelt out like this . 
  you are obsessed with sucking the euro cock :-) closeted muslim homo ? 
  do n't worry , there will always be gay cock for you both down there and in the actual continent :-) : - o, 
  why ? 
  i love it . 
  it 's funny how the poor sand boys try so hard to be yurop while yurop is itself in full decadence . 
  i find it hilarious . 
  keep it up . 
  lol mr european . 
  not going to bother today , mate . 
   finally , turkey competes in eurovision . 
  haha . 
  so does israel . 
  probably if you did n't have these inferiority complex you would n't try so hard to be what you 're not :-), 
  does it really ? 
  everything goes in these unpublished discussions . 
  even military threats . 
  so effectively the troika rules greece . 
  no ifs or buts . 
  turkey is not european . 
  there is absolutely no consensus about that and there never was . 
  when europe was defined in the middle ages , turkey was called asia minor . 
  correct . 
  russia is eurasia . 
  most of its population is european , but they have large territories in asia and significant part of their culture and peoples are asian without the shadow of a doubt . 
  you are not european and you will never be . 
  unless you get naturalised elsewhere in actual europe . 
  the limit of europe to the south-east is where turkey begins . 
  but they already have this foreign government de-facto . 
  that 's the funny side to this charade . 
  i disagree with / r/europe on the borders of europe because geography tells me otherwise . 
  see my link above . 
  had not seen the map in the site , but that matters fuck-all . 
  thanks for letting me know of the availability of an european map . 
  i can find one myself , but thanks anyway . 
  i also do n't see sub-specific css . 
  not interested . 
  thanks for your assistance but i can find maps of europe any time . 
  i adblock all external images in reddit . 
  in any case i know where europe ends . 
  if constantinople belonged to greece then it would be europe . 
  97 % of turkey is solidly asia minor . 
  so there 's that . 
  no balls , no dm . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4iurf4/britain_gets_no_power_from_coal_for_first_time_on/ someone commented in the thread that it 's happening again . 
  according to dodgy dave it would be ww3 and we 'd be back to the stone age . 
  irish english is by and large consistent with british english . 
  having said that , i really do n't give a flying one if you guys stop speaking english altogether or speak jamaican english , or whatever . 
  hopefully none of our business soon enough . 
   then the eu will have literally no citizens who speak english english as native language . 
  that 's a fact . 
  topkek . 
  the vast majority of irish are native english speakers . 
  + why is this in / r/europe ? 
  turkey is not europe . 
  topkek eu is not a nation , and it likely will never be . 
  you are probably thinking of europe . 
  german and english are european languages , whatever happens with the referendum . 
  the eu does n't have a national entity , thus the concept of foreign does n't apply . 
  lol . 
  personally i do n't give a flying one what languages are spoken in the eu institutions , much less which dialects of english . 
  english will always be a european language no matter what happens to the eu . 
  i find it inappropriate and slightly offensive when people get too carried away or sexual in public . 
  i think it 's just a matter of manners , i do n't really care if it 's an homosexual couple . 
  people should leave their tongue-kissing for an appropriate setting and i do n't think this is something the state should rule , but just common sense and respect . 
  i always get a shower of downvotes by a few dedicated individuals , but this got enough attention to go through . 
  hardly controversial to advocate english english rather than a foreign dialect . 
  `` carwyn jones has failed to be renominated as first minister at the first attempt after a challenge by plaid cymru 's leanne wood .
