  conditions are subject to negotiation , as we all know . 
  watch out . 
  remainers still in denial . 
  look , this is boring and it gets us nowhere because the ethnic movements in russia are out of question . 
  but in the particular case of vladivostok , no matter how you call it , there was a chinese settlement right there . 
  much smaller of course but cities/towns in the early 19th century were all tiny save for a few . 
  of which phenomenon exactly ? 
  there are many many reasons why there have been ethnic movements in what now is the russian federation . 
  forced deportations , annexation , industrial/economic immigration . 
  not necessarily good or bad . 
  for instance vladivostok was chinese in the early 19th century and prior to that there were other asian peoples . 
  now it 's a run-of-the-mill russian city , simply because they were losing the war to england and russia seized the opportunity . 
  some city centres in siberia are considerably russified too , in many cases because of natural migration to mining , army posts , etc. 
  for instance i found abakan very russified although minorities are very present in the area . 
  not limited to siberia either , crimea for instance used to be fully tatar before stalin . 
  this is by the way the opposite argument i was having before . 
  kazan is unique because a certain amount of their local heritage remains there . 
  some where established , others pre-existed but migration of russians have made them almost exclusively russian ethnically , or in some cases there 's a mixture of ex-ussr ethnics who have lost their heritage through assimilation . 
  this happened prior to the ussr as well , and continues to happen somewhat naturally because some cultures were past the point of recovery long ago . 
  possibly , but leaving that aside he was wrong , which is not the same as lying . 
  i 'm pretty sure he thought it was eta right after the attacks , as most people did . 
  unless you mean something else , because he did lie about many things . 
  if it were n't rajoy , they could have won . 
  in fact they were favourites in the betting markets but rajoy really ran poorly . 
  it was n't the right moment to just sit on it and wait , as he usually does with everything . 
  most importantly , the decision not to run again was taken by aznar way earlier than that , while he was very clearly the favourite . 
  this is what matters here really . 
  it 's hard to say , because some cities far to the east were completely repopulated with ethnic russians during the ussr , so there 's not really a map for culturally european russia . 
  leaving those aside , maybe novgorod . 
  cheboksary , like kazan , is borderline asian . 
  to the south it 's also very complicated . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/evropayskye_gubernii_rossii_1910.png what 's to the left of the pinky area that includes nizhnij novgorod is culturally pretty distinct . 
  the assimilation at the time of the russian empire was n't complete there because their minorities were very significant ( tatars in the case of kazan ) . 
  i know , but really this city as other areas that used to be `` idel-ural '' are only european technically ( and marginally so ) , they are more similar to the other side of the urals than to western russia . 
  going to kazan is effectively like going to asian russia . 
  of course it 's very different and unique to anything else in europe . 
  the same could be said for georgia for instance - not that it 's anything like it , just generally speaking . 
  having said that i only stopped there for a bit ( trans-siberian ) and i wish i had stayed there for some time . 
  yeah but if you go to the east then it 's a completely different story . 
  of course these are very unique to europe because they really are n't europe . 
  that would be more middle-eastern or asian really . 
  siberia is also very unique , but it can only be considered european to the extent it 's russian . 
  aznar would have very likely won a third term . 
  you might find it quite challenging there with zero russian , especially if you do n't know any locals . 
  belarus and ukraine have this post-soviet allure to them , mixed with the legacy of cities like minsk , kiev , chernovtsy . 
  together with saint-petersburg and moscow they are the highlights of the ex-ussr imo . 
  yep , should be greater kingdom of valencia . 
  that 's because spain really is a lot more concentrated than the uk and they do n't mean that by `` urbanisation '' - the uk is mostly small towns and detached/semidetached houses . 
  i do n't dispute that it may be more efficient to live in flats if you are not using your living space to produce anything anyway . 
  but damn so i hate living in a small flat . 
  i 'd personally much rather live in a house and have more space . 
  assimilated into northern castille ? 
  i 'm guessing these are the english slogans only , for english-speaking and international markets . 
  for sure in italy and spain they do n't use english to advertise internally , let alone in china or japan . 
  that depends on how it 's measured . 
  0 % of what ? 
  all expenses ? 
  it may be closer to 0 than 1 if that 's the case , but then other countries seem insanely corrupt . 
  the map says % of households . 
  that could well be negligible because corruption here happens more on a business/institutional level rather than paying doctors and stuff like that . 
  funny someone would pay that . 
  his speeches are incredibly predictable . 
  lol keep wishing the germans ran your country . 
  by europe does he mean germany ? 
  because the uk and france are already nuclear . 
  and so is russia obviously , also in europe . 
  i live in canary wharf ( proper , not some shithole like all saints , poplar , or mudchute ) . 
  hackney is about half the price of south quay or west india quay in the size range i look for . 
  i would n't go further than 15 minutes walk from cw tube entrance . 
  cycling in london is an adventure , i did it for a while but i value life . 
  it does look like that , yes . 
  imo it does . 
  you are showing clear bias in the way you lay out objective data . 
  absolute anathema in science . 
  it just makes it pop-sci and takes away a good deal of credibility . 
  but maybe i 'm biased because i strive for credible measuring . 
  yeah but that 's not science , that 's sport and entertainment . 
  i 'm a scientist and i 've never seen a mish mash of a ranking and a classification in any reputable publication . 
  ever . 
  one thing is a classification for certain thresholds , and a completely different one is a ranking . 
  again , there 's nothing scientific about that -- it 's completely arbitrary to pre-allocate three slots like that . 
  it 's completely arbitrary to pre-allocate three places like that . 
   wait a second , did n't you leave the eu cause things were going terribly bad in your country ? 
  no , not at all . 
  but it 's good and convenient that you start off by making it clear you have no fucking clue . 
  really ? 
  it looks childish to me . 
  they are essentially making it sort of a good boy award situation rather than a scientific comparison . 
  questionable at best . 
   london fields yeah but that 's completely different . 
  in this area , anything remotely decent is insanely expensive . 
  people point out that there are cheaper places but you 'd have to see them . 
  they are such a low standard it 's unheard of in most areas . 
  i wo n't commute from hackney , for me that 's worth the price difference to be honest . 
  i 'd much rather just leave london . 
  these dogs are actually built for the cold , they were bred for the iberian mountains to protect livestock from the wolves . 
  they are at home in the snow . 
  looks like a portuguese mastiff https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rafeiro_do_alentejo, 
  these south american pseudo-dictators , clinging on to power ... oh wait . 
  criminals of course .
