  happy happy days . 
   i thank you for your service to remain campaign and strong united kingdom within europe . 
  my pleasure . 
  except we 're out . 
  hahaha . 
  did n't expect them to want reunification with the uk just yet . 
  i do n't think that will pass in england or wales . 
  oh but you told me not to be salty because brexit would lose in a landslide . 
  do n't worry you can still come to the soho , with a visa waiver ( not even that just yet ) . 
  ohhhh salty much ? 
  remember yesterday soft lad ? 
  hahahaha . 
  in other words : because you say so . 
  i happen to agree that many of the so-called independent experts , are neither experts nor independent . 
  see his work to understand why . 
  see also philip tetlock . 
  you should probably read a bit on this fella if you do n't know him . 
  so , the eu ? 
  no , because as i said above , both sides will look to save face and keep trade going as is . 
  open in an incognito/private window . 
  the uk would see most of its trade intact , or else both france and germany will implode . 
  not going to happen . 
  if brexit does happen , of course . 
   well , not to burst your bubble , but uk has been judging some eu 's members ' intelligence , social status and rights to be in their country or in the eu itself so i guess the uk are n't above those who judge brits ' intelligence . 
  citation needed . 
  of course it would . 
  if we got most of the advantages of being in the eu without being in the eu , they would look very stupid and other countries would be very encouraged to leave . 
  the eu needs to make it look like the uk did n't completely get away with it , and the government of the uk needs to make it look like we got out of the eu in a meaningful way , if that 's what people voted . 
  immigration comes rather low in my considerations , although i do concede that something must be done over time because the current numbers are scary . 
  still , not the pressing issue with the eu imo . 
  anyway , i should be sleeping now although i can not wait to vote in 4 hours and 20 minutes . 
  excited about the possibility , even if it may not happen tomorrow . 
  we 'll see tomorrow :-) good night , i have stuff to do tomorrow . 
  the process can be accelerated if both sides agree to terms earlier . 
  i 'd expect it to be completed in under a year , so the markets stabilise earlier . 
  it can be extended , but also shortened upon agreement . 
  if we vote out , by 2020 we will be effectively out of the eu , even if many agreements are replicated from the outside so both sides save face . 
  we can not leave europe , we can leave a certain political entity called the eu . 
  i do n't even recognise yours , but if you think you know me by a few posts in reddit then you are every bit as much of a moron as i assumed . 
  we 've been debating this for the best of 4 months . 
  rational arguments is not what i got from the remain campaign , which is why i 'm voting leave . 
  i have been following most decisions for around 7 years , including most debates in the ep . 
  i regularly read the transcripts . 
  i know there 's more to that , and plenty happens secretly as well , which is where countries like the uk can have some more power than the pitiful leverage they have through official channels . 
  your blanket statement simply fails to address anything i said . 
  the uk is the most outvoted country in the eu by some distance , that is fact . 
  our opt-outs are temporary advantages to keep us in and make us more dependent on the eu economy , but they are not intended to be in place forever . 
  they only put us at odds with the rest of the eu more often . 
  all this is fact . 
  you reply `` you are misinformed '' with zero arguments , let alone support to these arguments . 
  let 's just hope brexit happens and we do n't have to tolerate each other within a political union . 
  the eurozone members form a qualified majority in the parliament under the current rules ( 65 % needed , the ez is some 67 % right now ) . 
  they can steamroll whatever they want through the parliament , among other things . 
  opt-outs only make our position increasingly untenable and our will increasingly outvoted and overpowered in the eu . 
  something 's got to give . 
  euro , schengen and freedom of movement are all untenable in the long run for us under the current structure and with the eu not even contemplating a retreat to more homogeneous economies , but planning to expand still . 
  so , basically all the main eu projects . 
  we will never be able to reform that . 
  a lot of people are in denial about this . 
  `` lead not leave '' they say , which is bonkers to be honest . 
  both the scenario of more ez cohesion with success , or the scenario of ez collapsing , are bad news for us within the eu . 
  we become more and more outsiders with no effective voting power . 
  we need to untie ourselves to establish new trade deals outside of the eu , the sooner the better . 
  for the euro you need common banking , common pensions , common debt , common welfare and common policies . 
  in martin schulz 's own words , a common government . 
  in juncker 's words , transfer of sovereignty that is n't noticed by the people . 
  of course we will resist to that . 
  that 's correct . 
  if we stay , we will still oppose ever-closer union from the inside . 
  that 's not even debated here . 
  lacks doom and gloom . 
  the more reason to not double down on that . 
  zika averted . 
  ec : `` challenge accepted '', 
  grocery prices have a lot to do with labour costs . 
  a lot . 
  then of course , a competitive market in distribution and retail so the mark-up does n't go up unchecked . 
  other factors like oil prices are the same internationally . 
  of course the germans are doing well with the conditions that are in place . 
  i 'm praising them . 
  germans can make do with imports mostly from their own markets within the ez . 
  it has to do with the competitiveness of exports and the ability to pay lower wages than places with a more expensive currency . 
  anything that implies conceding to russia on a military take-over will be a geopolitical disaster of gigantic proportions . 
  it 's the way germany is taking advantage of a depressed currency . 
  helps exports and wage competitiveness . 
  from a governance standpoint , well done german government . 
  the one eurozone country to seriously take advantage of this situation , while most are scrambling to protect their struggling public sectors . 
  the one thing the eu does right , and you do n't support it . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  you mean choice to be displaced and persecuted like ethnic ukrainians and tatars in crimea ? 
  good news for once . 
  what is the union of monaco , san marino and vatican city called ? 
  edit : sorry i can see now it 's a group of counties outside of the ez with an agreement to mint euros . 
  happens all the time . 
  here as well . 
  tells you about their ideology . 
  for instance , they are now deleting any links to lexit the movie ( left-wing case for brexit ) . 
  this sub is essentially a propaganda machine fully in damage control when their agenda is questioned . 
  a bit like / r/unitedkingdom really . 
  saw it now , cheers,
