  spot on . 
  the blairites are even more afraid of him than the right wingers . 
  edit : blairites being right-wingers too , to be fair . 
  just not officially so . 
  yeah . 
  maybe you do n't , or most turkish-germans for that matter . 
  `` linked '' . 
  as in , supports the kurds - like most people in the west do including myself . 
  obviously not , because that would be suicidal . 
  which is good for us . 
  the eu wo n't be able to enforce any international sanctions or embargoes on the uk - some `` enlightened '' redditor thinks this is a possibility . 
  the eu can only control their end of the deal vs the uk . 
  it 's relevant when * nothing * is guaranteed . 
  do n't need it . 
  the eu is divided and extremely weak militarily . 
  ca n't even face russia without nato which is mostly the usa . 
  heh sanctions ? 
  firstly germany sells way too much to the uk to let that happen , and secondly better arm up because the uk can raze central europe like it 's desdren all over again . 
  france would never intervene in such austrian ideas ;-), 
  disagree . 
  we are strongly net importers and we 're tied to importing from the eu at the moment . 
  we have little to lose in this respect , especially now that wto maximum duties are so much lower than decades ago . 
  yeah , which is why may wants this mutual agreement now , but apparently the eu officials do n't want that to happen without being given the driver 's seat in the negotiation ( art 50 ) . 
  so yeah , nothing is guaranteed at this stage . 
  which is why i 'm glad we have the strongest navy in europe . 
  no , because in the very treaty it states that we can leave the union without having to negotiate anything . 
  we 'd just inform you we 're out and stop contributing , enforcing new law , etc. 
  generally in english the last thing is the actual nationality and the first thing is the qualifier ( african-american , black-british , etc ) . 
  iraqi would be the adjective and german the noun , since he was born there . 
  no , we wo n't force all eu citizens out because that 's our decision . 
  if they want to leave , they can leave of course . 
  the most likely scenario in that case for eu citizens in the uk is the one i stated above :  most people in a job will be given a visa and those with enough stay will be given residence . 
  as if they were non-eu citizens but with the head start they already have . 
  meaning no , because we 're not going to trigger anything right now . 
  you may think so , but we disagree . 
  we 're not burning the house , we 're just putting the fence back . 
  of course , we will definitely have capital in the eu for the foreseeable future . 
  i would n't expect much of an economic war either . 
  it would be worse if we were net exporters to the eu but since this is n't the case , it 's unlikely to be dramatic . 
  it can be disruptive in the short term , but not for long . 
  especially if we are well prepared to substitute our exports . 
  no particular intention to be annoying , beyond looking for our own interest of course . 
  we want to be more isolated in most respects towards the eu , so that 's fine . 
  like the us is isolated from the eu for instance , or most of the world for that matter . 
  you sound like there 's no diplomacy or relations without political union . 
  that 's a funny one . 
  hardest brexit possible would be to have essentially the same relationship with the eu as canada or australia . 
  which is almost nothing ( ok , we can sing in eurovision , but that 's about it ) . 
  no , quite the opposite . 
  i feel very convinced that we can defend our sovereignty . 
  very comfortably indeed . 
  we 're doing just fine . 
  but thanks for your concern . 
  they 're unlikely to be kicked in any case . 
  most people in a job will be given a visa and those with enough stay will be given residence . 
  as if they were non-eu citizens but with the head start they already have . 
  because we 'll obviously do it when it suit us . 
  expect an effective date around 2020 . 
  in fact this could be considered part of the `` informal negotiation '' , already happening . 
  i believe several countries in europe have maximum punishment between 25 and 40 years that can be reviewed at the end . 
  meaning that if you behave in prison , you 're out . 
  some very dangerous criminals have left prison for instance in spain because they behaved well in prison and there are no legal grounds to extend the imprisonment if that 's the case . 
  the eu main negotiator has insisted he wants this sorted by the ep election which is in 2019 . 
  the british government has been hinting 2020 instead for effective brexit , whatever this means at the time . 
  if we were to trigger # 50 it would given us 2 years minimum , meaning we 'd have to trigger it in the next 4-5 months to make it to guy verhofstadt 's schedule ( before ep election 2019 ) . 
  so no , it does n't seem like this will happen . 
  as things stand , i 'd expect 2019-2020 . 
  maybe starting a bit earlier but definitely not in the next 4-5 months as guy verhofstadt - appointed lead brexit negotiator - wants . 
  we will see . 
  notifying we are out is not the same as invoking # 50 . 
  you seem confused about this . 
  actually not even notifying would be necessary if push comes to shove , as the eu can not enforce anything in the uk without our consent . 
  provided we have by far the upper hand militarily in the channel . 
   but the point of the article is confusing . 
  is she advocating for leaving right now ? 
  is she advocating to prepare everything for leaving , and then leave without telling anyone ? 
  should i take it at face value and read it just as a reminder than only 51 ( 1 ) is necessary and all other provisions are optional ? 
   article 50 implies the eu would set the timeline . 
  there will be internal deliberation before that happens , and it looks unlikely at this point because we wo n't be given anything in exchange of that concession . 
  if the eu wants to force a hard brexit i 'm pretty sure we 'll take it , rather than getting in that schedule without guarantees . 
   if the second , how much can the uk prepare before leaving ? 
  how is uk going to secure trade deals with other countries while still in the eu ? 
  i do n't see china negotiating a free trade agreement with the eu , and at the same time with the uk behind eu 's back . 
  so , even if they fix all the repeals and the new laws , when it comes to trade and international relationships they will have to start negotiations after they leave the eu , just like algeria did . 
  we 're already negotiating with other countries outside the eu . 
  possibly with politicians within the eu as well , which the eu can not realistically control . 
  so once this process seems more or less stable then we can try negotiating with the eu , or maybe decide not to . 
  whatever looks better at that point . 
  with china , australia and canada we 're already negotiating independently although we wo n't be able to trigger these treaties until after brexit . 
  with the us the situation is still in early stages because talks are underway with the president-elect but they wo n't progress much more until he assumes office . 
  this will be quite soon though . 
   if the third , what does she thinks the uk should do ? 
  and in any case , how is unilaterally leaving better than negotiating ? 
  if the eu insists to only negotiate under their own schedule , then probably it looks more promising to not have any particular agreement beyond wto . 
  currently we are net importers with the eu , it would be very easy to just buy elsewhere instead . 
  exports under wto would suffer somewhat but not as much as they would have years ago . 
  currently the wto maximum duties are not so high . 
  if i were to bet , i 'd say we will still be formally in the eu by the next ep election unless eu officials start talking now instead of waiting for # 50 which is very unlikely to be invoked soon if at all . 
  not sure what you are on about . 
  i 'd vote brexit even more happily now than i did back then .
