  ;-) so . . yay !, 
  it 's funny that nobody told me about that . 
  i would n't get my tourist badge otherwise . 
  last time i went the weather was foul , but still it was worth it . 
  a matter of getting used to the smell and paying tourist prices . 
  the article * questions * this openly . 
  basically , it 's a classical * denial of something that was n't even in question * . 
  my point is that natural born citizens and naturalized get passports exactly the same way at exactly the same office . 
  in all countries in europe . 
   that is not what is meant here by being given a passport . 
  it 's metonymy for being given citizenship . 
  also , switzerland is not `` most countries in europe '' . 
  erm ... if this is true , is n't it a bit of a scandal that germany gets this special treatment ? 
  big if though . 
  so ... like everybody is over here ;-), 
  the point is that `` being given a passport '' is mostly being virtually given one , with your id number etc. 
  until that point you are a foreigner for all purposes and then you are a citizen . 
  so yeah , it 's `` foreigners '' who get passports this way . 
  the others are natural born citizens . 
  is that so ? 
  well , it 's advertised as north america vs eurasia :p hreppaflekinn vs north america sounds good to me though . 
  sure , but you virtually get a passport by the point you are given citizenship . 
  getting it physically is just paperwork . 
  tldr : `` grew only by 1,8 % '', 
  i did that excursion where you can dive in a lake which is on the ridge . 
  one wall is the eurasian plate and the other is the north american plate . 
  never seen water so clear in my life . 
  it 's like flying . 
  the place is called silfra . 
  some video i just googled : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffvczkwhpe4, 
  how else can you travel immediately afterwards ? 
  provided you remain unidentified you can try to flee the country and even the continent . 
  the concept of spain as a state was n't a thing until the ~ 1500 or so , and even then distinction was made on the different kingdoms of spain . 
  that 's very shortly before that war you are talking about . 
  when the poster above said :  well , spain and portugal were rivals for the most part of history , and spain did invade portugal . 
  this is not how history is understood outside of portugal . 
  the period from ~ 1570 is not most of the history of the iberian peninsula . 
  the main cultural heritage of these peoples is rome , the germanic invasions , the arabs and sephardi jews . 
  not even including prior heritage as it was n't as important as these and romans dominated any prior influence ( greeks , phoenicians , sumerians , iberians , etc ) . 
  this means the history of these peoples can not be considered any shorter than 2000 years or so , and the last 500 years ( the period you can talk about spain and portugal as 2 distinct things ) is just a small part of it . 
  several attempts were made to merge portugal into the coalition of mainly `` castilla '' and other spanish kingdoms . 
  mainly based in intermarriage . 
  even in the case of the succession crisis you are talking about , which led to the so-called spanish invasion . 
  only because sebastian of portugal had no children this war happened in the first place . 
  it 's also the last event causing portugal and spain to be different countries . 
  technically yes . 
  any naturalised swiss was not a citizen * until * they got a passport . 
  actually , ghana is currently around 20 % muslim . 
  i hope they are not making this conclusion as the title implies . 
   in what way should denmark be considered more germanic than for instance britain ? 
  in no way , and indeed the uk is considered germanic culturally . 
   spain did invade portugal at the time this concept was alien . 
  spain did n't exist separately of portugal . 
  they were the kingdoms of spain ( meaning the roman hispania - iberian peninsula ) and portugal was one of them . 
  also , more than by war the mergers happened by intermarriage . 
  the main reason portugal is not part of spain right now is that the intermarriages repeatedly failed to produce viable offspring . 
  they were quite inbred , though , so not as unlikely as it may seem . 
  india actually remains in the commonwealth . 
  as i said . 
  depending on the measure . 
  by most measures , canada is younger . 
  how many times do i have to repeat `` political continuity '' ? 
  the us broke from the british empire completely . 
  in that sense , the us started in 1776 and canada in 1763 . 
   political continuity canada 's british rule commenced in 1763 and in some ways it never ended . 
  in that respect , they 're a tad older than the us . 
   yes way . 
   great arguments . 
  if you truly think that the cold and damp areas of china are , culturally speaking , eerily similar to denmark or the netherlands , then i rest my case . 
  you read whatever the fuck your imagination tells you and not remotely what i mean , so it 's a waste of time . 
  there 's a case for wage pressure . 
  the report in the link talks about skills gap , not cheap labour . 
  surely companies want both , but the justification for the latter is weaker . 
   go back in time , switch out the danish population with a chinese one ; and you 'd still say that the netherlands and denmark are eerily similar . 
  no way . 
  that 's not what i mean by similar at all . 
  in fact there are areas of asia ( china even ) with similar climates and they could n't be culturally more different . 
  stopped reading there in light of the obvious lack of effort in understanding . 
  this is the most impressive thing . 
  despite of that long time separation , netherlands and denmark are still eerily similar . 
  particularly in rural areas . 
  by the way , iceland had no large scale communications with the rest of the scandinavians for over a 1000 years , and today they remain so incredibly scandinavian . 
  i do n't underestimate it . 
  i 'm aware of the links ( with sweden almost exclusively by the way , to that degree ) but finland still stands out within the group , making estonia hard to leave out . 
  sweden conversely have these cultural influences to a degree norway does n't , let alone iceland . 
  then denmark can be argued to be as germanic as they are nordic . 
  a lot like hungary is strongly linked to romania and austria historically , but their very different language preserved strong cultural differences with them . 
  i do n't think the importance of language can be overstated as a vehicle for culture , especially in ancient times . 
  the fact that swedish is studied in school in finland and 5 % of the population are native swedish speakers today does n't really change that . 
  depends where in england and where in scotland . 
  but yes , there are some deep differences . 
  prior to the union in 1706-1707 we were completely different countries with strong commercial links and close but distinct languages ( scots [ not scottish gaelic ] vs english ) . 
  although english was already the commercial language in scotland by then . 
  also , england had catholics as well , they simply did n't prevail in the end ( post mary i `` bloody mary '' ) . 
  this is very late history in the greater scale of things , for the most part religion in the british isles underwent the same evolution since ancient times . 
  this is a relatively short period in the history of both countries , well established back into pre-roman times , which is when the larger distinction set in . 
  glasgow and edinburgh , the largest metropolitan areas of scotland , are both strongly linked to england - northern england predominantly - for a very long time . 
  for better or worse , people think of london as representative of england , when it 's the least english place in england . 
  no , not really . 
  skilled immigration can come from anywhere and unskilled immigration will be vastly reduced in a hard brexit scenario .
