   velkouleskou : no , they are not ...  thomsen : and they are not even getting close . 
  right ? 
   velkouleskou : they are not getting close . 
  what is interesting though is that they did give in ... they did give a little bit on both the income tax reform and on the ... both on the tax credit and the supplementary pensions . 
  they are doing something but it is very small ...  thomsen : well , if they come around to give us the 2.5 % and not on mickey mouse stuff , we should be fully behind them . 
  [ ... ] the question is if the greeks will along some kind of interim resolution not to make any noise before the british referendum , and what are they going to get . 
  but they seem to need to free more funds judging by the new charm offensive . 
  i just found it funny that you think 15-40 years is a long time for something as drastic as turkey entering the eu . 
  you are either 15 or mentally retarded . 
  yurop-vision is for teary-eyed grannies and poor-arse squatting slavs . 
  the song is entirely appropriate . 
  your vague guess i do n't know if it 's accurate or not . 
  it sure is pointless . 
  even going by it , 15-40 years is not a long time at all in historical terms . 
  maybe sounds like a long time if you are a teenager . 
  `` good news . 
  we are lowering our roaming extortion not because we chose to , but because the regulator forced us . '', 
  i 'm not going to guess on timelines , you do if you want . 
  that would depend on their bargaining/blackmail power . 
  i hope they do n't mean `` by censorship '' . 
  i got my previous message removed by automoderator , so i will post it again without the source ( archive . 
  is ) : you tell me about daily mail , i do n't read it . 
  as for obama , he seems to have quite the record . 
  -- link removed --, 
  it means that these steps are understood to lead to a membership bid . 
  politician speak with be `` leveraging '' , `` capitalising on '' even `` building momentum '' . 
  i 'm on a roll :-p, 
  this has always been the case in most places and very similar to what happens in the countries of origin of these asylum seekers . 
  and `` parental consent '' is pretty much equivalent to what happens in these places where marriages are actually set up by parents . 
  the child brides line really is a bit sensational . 
  well yeah , so really it 's a bit overreaching . 
  in the eu these marriages occur often and are accepted by default as these citizens can move anywhere in the eu . 
  talking about child brides here it 's probably a bit sensational . 
  basically he 's asking for a write-off this very month . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  eurovision is so `` yurop '' it 's hilarious . 
  and more uninformed , populist votes . 
  the threat to our independence is the eu , not the us . 
  this is why i 'm hoping we can get out of this mess . 
  if ukraine and even turkey are in the cards , ca n't see why not serbia . 
  they are under-age , but there is no international convention on what a child is . 
  medically it 's 4-11 or so . 
  then they are prepubescent teenagers . 
  then ages of consent and of marriage vary rather drastically across the world . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marriageable_age#europe spain for instance recently raised it from 14 to 16 with court consent , andorra remains at 14 . 
  many countries in europe are in the 14-16 band with some sort of court or parental consent . 
  there probably should be more of an agreement in this area internationally , but there is n't . 
  ok , but i hope you care more about the message than about my social skills which probably are n't great . 
  modern day `` gentlemen of the pad '', 
  drop ~ ~ him ~ ~ her 12 nautical miles off lesbos on an inflatable boat , for the full experience . 
  most [ anti-british ] ( http://capx.co/president-obamas-brexit-intervention-insults-the-british-people/ ) american president in modern times . 
  cornwall is okay too . 
  it 's not a joke , no . 
  you are telling me that you do n't care how your city is run . 
  with that base , obviously the lack of accountability , transparency , checks and balances and scrutiny at the eu level ... probably are not very alarming to you . 
  probably . 
  well , maybe you do n't care how your city or your country is run . 
  i do , and i get involved in all matters that i consider important since the political system over here allows it . 
  i 've talked to my mp on national issues , to my councillors on local issues . 
  here in london there 's the london assembly ( which is a bit unique in the country , and similar to the local governments of wales or scotland ) . 
  not to my meps though because that 's quite pointless - which is partly the issue . 
  in the countries of the continent i know best , there is not much of a democracy . 
  people have no idea how things are run , and seldom get involved . 
  so i guess there does n't appear to be much lost when they actually lose the opportunity to do these things and leaving it to unelected bureaucrats is probably even a feature in this mindset . 
  it 's really not very different than the basic idea of the chinese political system : things are run for you , and you are content with it as long as the economy appears to go in the right direction and you more or less agree with the decisions these professional politicians take . 
  it 's not like representative democracy is some sort of nirvana , but a lot of us over here care about these things . 
  even those who are not too involved politically , they care when they are robbed their voice effectively . 
  as far as i 've seen , this is not the case in southern or eastern europe where their sociopolitical culture has been shaped by tyrannies and dictatorships until very recently . 
  there is not much of a real democratic culture in most of the continent i 'm afraid . 
  sorry for the wall of text and i hope this does n't come across as patronising . 
  this is probably not the right medium for this sort of discussion , and anyway not that many people will read yesterday 's post . 
  i have to agree . 
  the irish have a special relationship with us . 
  they 're also the only eu nationals from outside the uk that will be allowed to vote if they 're residents and registered . 
  the scottish referendum had a binding result in the negative , with less than 50 % of the electorate support . 
  it would have been the same in the positive , as established by the rules . 
  the dutch referendum only required a 30 % participation . 
  the scottish referendum did n't have any participation requirement , but it would have been hard to accept with lower than 50 % turn-out . 
  plenty of counterexamples to this claim . 
  namely the recent dutch referendum on ukraine , or the scottish independence referendum . 
  only if you do n't know what a majority in a referendum means . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  you do n't make any assumptions on those who are undecided . 
  might as well not vote or vote blank/void . 
  in a referendum , only those who choose count towards a majority . 
  in the scottish referendum for instance , turnout was 84.5 % - and this is very high already . 
  that means that no option reached 50 % of the total eligible pool of voters . 
  there was no turnout requirement by the way . 
  in the recent dutch vote , the minimum turnout requirement was 30 % ( not sure why , it was n't even binding ) . 
  yeah , later on depending on polls , there might be more project fear from the brexit campaign . 
  so far they do n't want this label . 
  in this case yes , because when counting votes abstentions are not considered for deciding majority . 
  with a break-up of 36 % out 32 % in 32 % abstain , 36 % is the majority ( 52.94 % of the active vote ) . 
  certainly this is an important point . 
  this position is being already pushed by gove and johnson : the risks of bremain . 
  finnish wages . 
  sure , if blair had got us into the euro we 'd probably have to just admit we 'd be done as a nation . 
  different members have different situations . 
  hopefully we can open the way to improve other nations ' negotiation standpoint . 
  i blame the brand of project fear being spread by the bbc propaganda machine , not osborne 's nonsense .
