with this shitty weather ? 
  at least we deserve a uruguay type climate, 
   who was raised and educated in america hmm ... he seems to be speaking with a heavy accent to me god save me from my friends , i 'll take care of my enemies by myself , 
  so as long as it ends in ** s ** it 's lithuanian ? 
   easy peasy . 
  between ... russian and polish ? 
  not at all . 
  i do n't think shared history did that much to bring the 2 languages closer . 
  lithuanian elites ' official language was not lithuanian . 
  it was the language of the commoners afaik . 
  just a note : the nazis did not try to exterminate anybody from upper silesia during wwii except for the ardent polish nationalists and the jews . 
  upper silesia was part of germany during wwii and the people living there were considered ethnic germans by the german officials . 
  so blaming nazis for killing poles during wwii seems disingenuous . 
  your ancestors were not subject to nazi atrocities likely nor were mine . 
  hi lithuanian friends . 
  did you notice the distance from polish to lithuanian is same as polish-russian ? 
  do you agree ? 
  i always thought your language is totally different from ours while russian is somewhat close . 
  certainly not in the center . 
  i must be missing something . 
  lexical distance of polish-russian is equal to polish-lithuanian . 
  i find it hard to believe . 
  it it not my statement . 
  just read official us policy documents . 
  poles are funnily self-aggrandizing . 
  no , you are correct , although you strayed from the topic of this discussion . 
  what you are referring to is the crisis of values . 
  what does eu mean , what does it represent ? 
  why are we in eu ? 
  it may well undermine the very existense of eu . 
  and eu leaders are well aware of this danger and are trying to address it i think . 
  but you can not comprehend how many poles are outraged by his statement . 
  poles are supposed to be the martyrs , the victims , the just , the pure . 
  poland also tends to * forget * it took part in the invasion of czechoslovakia although it was not coordinated with hitler . 
  but when hitler threatened the cz ` stan instead of helping them or at least protesting poles just said fuck them let 's grab a piece while no one is watching . 
  and then hitler went after poland and everyone in poland expected france and england to help . 
  double standard . 
  and we should believe you that a princeton prof is a liar , revisionist , manipulator and not worthy of any merit , huh ? 
  nobody at princeton has noticed that except you ? 
  or maybe princeton itself has been run over by polish-hating jews ? 
  right . 
  you know what is a matter of believes ? 
  your faith is . 
  this is a matter of facts . 
  what is controversial is not so much what he said but what he omitted : * many poles were involved in fighting the nazis in the resistance . 
  many died . 
  * many poles helped the jews risking their lives . 
  keep in mind that in gg helping jews meant death sentence to the * whole * family providing it . 
  it was tough . 
  * the resistance tried to help the jews for example during the warsaw ghetto uprising as well as by sentencing and executing some poles who denounced jews contributing to their deaths . 
  having said that the resistance was very poorly armed and would not engage the nazis directly in any large confrontations except for the warsaw uprising towards the end of the war . 
  they were not in a position to kill many nazis . 
  furthermore , the nazis would often round up and execute many more poles in revenge killings . 
  it was not a smart idea to go around shooting up the nazis in occupied poland . 
  the czechs for example barely did any fighting back compared to poles . 
  on the other hand the jews were being denounced by some poles . 
  it is a well documented fact . 
  it is also documented that some in the resistance instead of fighting the nazis were involved in hunting and killing their jewish neighbors . 
  it took place around kielce for example . 
  there were also the pogroms of jedwabne as well as around kielce . 
  i suspect it is a very difficult task to ascertain whether poles killed more jews than nazis with a high degree of certainty . 
  nobody kept track of that on either side . 
  i 'd like to see some reliable sources for that but since gross is widely believed to be one of the best researchers investigating this area i am afraid he may well be correct . 
  i would not use the type of bitter language he has chosen personally . 
  he may have done it to stir up the pot as he rightly believes that poles have not come clean yet on everything that took place during the wwii . 
  there may be better ways to do that though . 
  or maybe because many poles exhibit thinly veiled racism and antisemitism ? 
  something is telling me he would not be so hated were he a * real * pole rather than jewish . 
  poland is not a very important partner for us in europe . 
  germany and uk are . 
  having said that poland has been an important ally for germany , the most important and reliable in this part of europe until late last year . 
  hence if poland is unstable and can not be relied upon it will affect germany and thus all of eu . 
  furthermore , poland is much bigger than hungary and some in eu already feel they allowed hungary too much when it strayed from democratic standards . 
  so now they are up in arms saying they wo n't allow poland to follow hungary 's route . 
  that is why us is concerned . 
  other than this letter us also has sent daniel fried and some chick that works for kerry over to poland to * investigate * . 
  r/helloyesthisisduck is right when saying this is more serious than the letter might sound . 
  be careful when reading a diplomatic letter . 
  it is always very polite . 
  you need to sometimes read between the lines to figure out what they really mean . 
  the letter is actually quite stern and so is polish gov ` t 's response to it . 
  our gov ' t has picked many fights already . 
  i do n't see it lasting all 4 years , at this rate this time next year they wo n't be able to function trying to manage so many fires . 
  they really look very amateurish , that is in fact a dark little secret of the ruling party , they are largely devoid of intellectual types . 
  leaning `` conservative '' is a bit of an understatement bro . 
  as someone put it elegantly he died after a 30-year long battle with social progress . 
  us supreme court 's rulings have recently become rather upsetting , especially on social and corporate issues . 
  but it is not nearly as important to their democracy as constitutional court is to polish democracy . 
  first and foremost nobody there tried to muzzle and shut it down . 
  and that is exactly what our government just did with ours . 
  moreover , theirs is an old established liberal democracy with very strong institutions that make sure the checks and balances are in place so it would take much more than one or two bad us supreme court nominations to unsettle it . 
  poland on the other hand has little history of being a liberal democracy and has very weak institutions and poor leadership . 
  does not take much to screw things up . 
  if i were you i would not rejoice . 
  the situation in poland is dire . 
  do n't just sit on fucking reddit , write your politician . 
  we need your help . 
  angela does not seem to care to upset our gov ` t. 
  these people can be stopped . 
  trust me , they are not a bunch of heroes .
