  j. kaczy\u0144ski was a 2 ^ nd rate dissident during the dark 1980 's martial law times , he was hardly persecuted . 
  while macierewicz , his faithful lieutenant , fled from smole\u0144sk immediately following the crash of the plane that killed lecz kaczy\u0144ski , then polish president . 
  he was apparently scared of some russian assassins . 
  around 80 % of poles support eu . 
  so if eu gets really tough with them , puts economic sanctions the society will turn against them . 
  forget integration . 
  just deport the illegal north africans . 
  all of them . 
  and if their home countries say no , put them on ships escorted by nato set the sail for tangiers and offload them right on the beach . 
  are you afraid of algeria or morocco 's reaction ? 
  what are their going to do ? 
  nothing . 
  i am not saying no to any immigration . 
  but they need to learn we are not going to tolerate this shit . 
  they wan na come ? 
  the right way is to apply for an immigrant visa right at the nearest embassy . 
  i wonder how many turks in turkey ca n't read or write turkish ? 
   their oil resources are limitless nope . 
  they have much less oil than most people think . 
  jeez , a sensitive fan . 
  love the vitriol . 
  have n't ' watched any football this season cuz i 'm in poland but it sounded like a meltdown for the ages . 
  i am not going to put my money on your bet . 
  palmer came from the bengals school of quarterbacking after all . 
  i am going to sleep then . 
  thanks . 
  palmer just put in another stinker in playoffs , huh ? 
  what 's warner been up to lately ? 
  still retired ? 
  who 's showing it ? 
  very smart, 
  there are a few countries that seem to suit your model of governance , but instead to looking west you need to start looking east to find them . 
  and once you do find them why do n't you pack up and move there . 
  and take like-minded family and friends with you . 
  if you do n't understand what can happen then maybe you need to re-read those history books you take the simple and not too correct facts from . 
  seems like you have not learned much from them . 
  there are still numerous dailies , weeklies and monthlies left and right of those mentioned by you . 
  the media in poland is still pretty diverse . 
  besides , just because some media outlet is owned by private investors who do n't happen to be polish does not make it evil . 
  unless you are some xenophobe like pawel kukiz . 
  you can go to a nude beach anytime though . 
  what do you need the fast internet for ? 
  seems like a great deal except you click the wrong link and you get a free ticket to watch tajga grow for the next 10 years , 
  today in suceava ( romania ) : -8 ^ o c. gentle spring my ass . 
  maybe that was count dracula caressing his nutsack from behind . 
  putin will not last forever . 
  crimea will eventually be returned ukraine but it may take a long time . 
  both countries will likely have to become true liberal democracies first . 
  that other half is very nice , i want it too . 
  the french have the riviera , enough said . 
  most poles are not sure either  it appears that the gov ' t is allowed now to collect some ` meta data ' also referred to as ` headers ' without a court order on everybody . 
  the opposition claims the wording is vague by design and it gives gov ' t a license to spy on everybody . 
  according to the opposition it will also make spying on political opponents legal . 
   invigilate this word in english does not mean what you think it means , 
  how do you know that ? 
  i do n't think it is true , besides those are open bids set up such that almost always the lowest bidder wins . 
  what about orthodox ? 
  yes it is ; maybe with the exception of nyc or similar large cities where you may be shot at or at least yelled at if you attempt to talk to strangers , 
  and polite, 
  canadian, 
  i am polish but i have lived in north america for some 20 years ( usa and canada ) . 
  i ca n't stand the behavior of some poles now . 
  they just leave no personal space it is super annoying , e.g. 
  when they line up in a store . 
  someone always breathes down my neck , i feel threatened , violated . 
  i am not an expert on eu policy by any means but i heard there are no provisions for expelling a country from eu . 
  apparently eu is not big brother . 
  i agree with you it is tough but we should have long started on this road . 
  but tusk was lazy and a coward as he preferred easy projects . 
  pis wo n't do anything for sure and the more we procrastinate the harder and more expensive the transition will become . 
  why do we always have to be a mixture of being self-aggrandizing and having an inferiority complex ? 
  do you honestly believe that spain or italy have more pull in eu than poland ? 
  many outsiders believed that tusk-merkel partnership allowed us to punch well above our weight . 
  i heard it from a couple american european policy analysts on mainstream us media . 
  by the time pis is done this will have been squandered . 
  you are correct to be suspicious of these figures . 
  it is bullcrap i have heard here being spread by some anti-eu people . 
  one university of warsaw prof who has been looking into how poland has been spending those * structural policy * transfers as part of his job wrote a few months ago in gazeta wyborcza daily that the majority has been spent on what he calls ` concrete ' , i.e. 
  roads , buildings , even cemeteries . 
  now , someone could claim some of the construction materials could have been imported from eu , as well as design or engineering , and it could be benefiting the countries at the source of the transfers , certainly all labor would be domestic . 
  and long-term benefits are to remain here as well . 
  unfortunately many here want eu money but do n't feel obliged to live by western european values . 
  many do n't even recognize how much their values and core believes are at odds with western european notions of liberalism , democracy or tolerance . 
  that despite the widespread sincerely professed declaration of poland 's belonging to the western european * culture * . 
  nobody wants to leave the club but ( likely ) most do n't really want to play by the rules . 
  what do we do then ? 
  now why do n't you go beating off to the tune of an orban 's csardas ? 
  time to visit russia ? 
  polish law does not have a statute that allows for some sort of finders keepers . 
  it would belong to the state . 
  the 2 blokes that claimed the discovery politely asked whether they could keep 10 % of the bounty but no officials appeared to want to negotiate with them as far i as know . 
  i am talking sierra designs/north face/marmot high quality goose down equipment . 
  i have never heard of the brands you mentioned . 
  but he would not need the expensive brands of course . 
  they only matter when one is hauling the equipment up a big mountain . 
  never been to scotland , i am even surprised there is snow out there . 
  only if you have solid equipment ; i doubt he does . 
  -10 ^ o c rated brand name sleeping bag may be $ 250 or more . 
  you can make do with layers of blankets etc. 
  but it will be rough .
