  if you have people that know what they are doing it is far easier to have a focused debate without misinformation . 
   self-scrutiny . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_muslim_movements those groups have repeatedly denounced radical salafists in germany ( like pierre vogel ) , both internally and externally . 
  though it never got much coverage beyond a side-note in reports ( `` more liberal movements have said that they condemn these actions '' and that 's it ) . 
  ( see german version of article above ) if anything , those people need more coverage , if only to encourage more moderates to speak up . 
  oh , the afd always collects some disgruntled cdu - and non-voters after shit like this . 
  they gained massive popularity during the greece financial aid discussions , campaigning to cut of all payments and kick them out . 
  so it 's only logical that the idiots will be flocking once again when there 's a nebulous , perceived threat to them . 
  this is due to a super slow processing system ( 5 months ) , which were are working on improving . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/05/08/uk-germany-asylum-idukkbn0nt23i20150508 we only need a policy change for quicker filtering of illegitimate applications . 
  this will eliminate pretty much every valid criticism towards our system . 
  because denying safety to people legitimately fleeing a war is never an acceptable cost for removing leeches from the system . 
  better to have one 10 illegitimate applicants live here than let one legitimate person die . 
  easy as that . 
  everything else would go against our grundgesetz . 
   europe is much too important for their financial services industry , the only real money maker they got left . 
  agreed . 
  if nothing else , lobbying groups of their financial sector will get involved quite heavily as soon as it looks like they will lose freedom in regards to trading , employment or even taxation . 
   if only had they read the small print very carefully . 
  it really was not `` small print '' in any capacity . 
  it was lies by traffickers and politically motivated misrepresentation by some media outlets that caused this , and those you can not stop anyway . 
  what should she have done ? 
  quietly suspend dublin ii and hope nobody notices ? 
  traffickers will just tell other lies of thousands of jobs for unskilled workers , no questions asked or any other outlandish idea to get people to pay them . 
  as far as `` muddling with rhetoric '' goes ... that is much harder to avoid in german , as we use mostly long words and sentences to further illustrate a point . 
  as a whole , the message is perfectly clear . 
  that way of building sentences leaves a lot of room for false interpretation and translation , though . 
  but even with this factored in ... a professional would have to editorialize or misrepresent quite willfully in the headlines to achieve this kind of misunderstanding . 
  something a little different . 
  how is legalization perceived in your country ? 
  do you face serious trouble if caught with a bit of marijuana ? 
  it 's an interesting topic and may break the mold of immigration debates a bit . 
  these are not refugees but clashes of kurds/turks already present in the country and not under refugee status . 
  i would really like it for those videos to be sourced properly for once . 
  i recognize the background music/voice but i am not sure from what tv channel . 
  the show seems to be `` extra [ something ] '' judging from one overlay , but i can for the life of me not figure out the full name or channel . 
  the reporter also used pretty loaded questions when interviewing the staff - `` but are we too tolerant ? '', 
  for example . 
  how would you answer that without risking your job or risking looking like an idiot ? 
  the vague answers are pretty weird . 
  this makes me think it 's a rather badly researched report focusing quite a lot on personal cases , especially since no sources or those doing the research ( usually `` redaktion '' ) are named in the outro , which was probably cut away ( since such a thing is common on german tv ) . 
  the low quality also suggests the video is pretty old , ~ ~ maybe pre-2010 ~ ~ [ apparently not , thanks / u/fluchtpunkt ] and may not even apply to the current situation . 
  oh , and the clearly anti-islam splash screen also makes me suspicious . 
  many rehosted videos and super-cuts by advocacy groups are heavily edited . 
  without knowing the source i can not really check anything . 
  if you want to be believed , at least try to be believable . 
  the translation is spot on though . 
   at least now we have a fresh batch to try something different . 
  / s dude , that is what history means . 
  check your past mistakes and build upon them . 
  improve your methods and be the best you can , with hindsight . 
  seeing one method fail and then never doing anything again is just as dumb as doing the same thing over and over . 
  calls for the murder of refugees or , atlernatively , non-believers ? 
  gory aftermaths of terrorist attacks and accidents ? 
  all fine . 
  but do n't you dare show a naked butt-cheek drawn almost 200 years ago !, 
  pretty much . 
  like all extremists , be it religious nuts , right-wing xenophobes or plain old criminals they prey on and recruit those that have fallen on hard times . 
  they offer friendship , supplies and a group that supports you in exchange for your loyalty . 
  and people that sorely need those things will not look too hard at the negative points . 
  and where better find people that have fallen on hard times than social rejects ( =  converts , see / u/doldenberg above ) and people that quite literally fled from a war to build a better life for themselves with a light briefcase and some money . 
  / u/doldenberg is right . 
  salafist movements in germany are overwhelmingly dominated by converts and second-generation losers who seek salvation in a radical group after personal crisis or failure . 
  the composition of this group is documented pretty well in the german wikipedia : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/salafismus_in_deutschland the section `` bekannte salafisten der letzten jahrzehnte in deutschland '' contains a lot of german names and a lot of arab names who , upon clicking their profiles , will show you they were born in germany . 
  exact numbers for converts/second-generation vs. fresh immigrants are hard to get a hold of , but the effort of spreading the religion by handing out qur ` an to people yield the highest rates of success among these groups . 
  scientists have argued this point for years . 
  the `` minijob '' bullshit only worked because companies could get away with having a bunch of less educated people do the shit jobs for less money with a high turnover . 
  now , since everybody is equally expensive , they might as well create a real job without fudging the numbers and relying on exploitation of workers . 
  this is mainly because the cost is almost the same anyway and a person with a secure position works better and more efficiently than someone always on the lookout for the next opportunity to get a slightly-better-paying shit job . 
   neither i would condemn them if they did fire warning shots why ? 
  a warning shot is a clear threat of violence/death if you do not comply ( which is why it is taken so seriously and is very unlikely to have been done by police ) , so if they did not do anything to warrant it , you would still threaten them with death ? 
  that 's a pretty inhuman view of other people . 
  as i said in my comment , our regulations regarding use of force and firearms especially by police are super strict . 
  every bullet is accounted for and any time shots are fired an investigation is launched . 
  it is quite literally the last resort . 
  if those refugees were not swinging bladed weapons or charging down the police , they would probably face an investigation for even pulling the gun and pointing it at them , more so for firing a shot . 
  police says no shots were fired . 
  rtl is not the most trustworthy news source . 
  german policy regarding use of firearms is super strict , every single bullet needs to be accounted for and every shot is taken very seriously . 
  it is highly unlikely that police would fire multiple warning shots and then deny it . 
  it would be quickly found out if they lied . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  all migrants are uneducated and educating young , able-bodied men and their kids is literally impossible so they will ruin germany in the next 30 years !, 
   especially if you are a woman what is it with the implied super-rape/oppression by oppressive rape-muslims in oppressive rape-mosques on this sub ? 
  it 's super creepy how it is randomly inserted into unrelated points . 
  if the first thing you think of when you see a slightly browner person than yourself is rape/oppression you may have your priorities wrong , mate . 
  it reeks of fear mongering and i never see any data to back it up , especially for germany . 
  it 's almost like economic projections without precedence are bullshit speculation . 
  wow !, 
   uneducated you are aware that people fleeing a war are not all dumb-as-sticks imbeciles but have learned a trade or even gone to university ? 
  especially well-off people can afford to make the expensive and dangerous journey . 
  and a lack of education can , to a certain degree , be mitigated by education and scholarship programs for young immigrants and their kids . 
  it 's not a magically unsolvable problem . 
  give people education and suddenly you have educated people . 
  the only factor here would be willingness and ability to learn . 
  and since all the claims are usually that refugees/migrants ( often nicely mixed up ) are able-bodied young men , they should not have any difficulty doing that . 
  we can very much learn from our past mistakes . 
  nobody forces us to fuck up integrating one group of people just as bad as the last . 
   i wonder at which point of potential uncooperation cutting funding is a valid option . 
  you are doing it backwards .
