  you give them a certain low-level funding and the * good stuff * comes when they attend language courses , send their kids to school etc. 
  this way , it 's a reward . 
  people like rewards more than they fear an abstract punishment . 
   ( germans can understand swedish better than the other nordic languages )  source ? 
  you also use \u00d6 a bunch . 
  well then why do n't you start your own economic superpower with the sole purpose of oppressing greeks and destroying the euro-zone with migrants ? 
  huh ? 
  huh !, 
  this miniature-putin needs to be removed if the turkish people want to see their country step out of the dark ages of personal liberty . 
  not true . 
  http://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/177.html the not-as-clear cases ( for example drunk women , lack of clear consent ) are still covered under 3 . 
  the law just assumes that a woman will say no if she does not want to do something and any further progression by the man is an act of sexual harassment and/or includes a threat of violence . 
  the one and only case where the word-by-word would need some interpretation to apply would be a case where the woman is literally scared speechless just by looking at her would-be rapist and does not a ) defend herself or b ) speak up but no threat or application of any violence was there . 
  and even in those cases judges can rule it was a case of 3 `` abusing a situation where the victim is at the mercy of the perpetrator without protection '' . 
  we do not need a revision , rape is rape , sexual harassment is sexual harassment . 
  wonky consent laws that require a triplicate form of consent for every piece of clothing removed i would rather want to avoid . 
  meant to reply to someone else . 
  i swear there was someone here linking to `` mannheimer alternative '' , a subdivision of the afd that mirrored the document . 
  fucking glitch in the matrix . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  but why not publicly speak out against that ? 
  all they did was provide facts , hiding the letter the anti-group already has is the dumbest possible move . 
  twitter is nigh-useless for conveying information . 
  it always links to something else , so why not post that or link the image directly if there is one ? 
  well , obviously . 
  but the law is quite hard on rapists in germany , so if the rapes are reported prosecuting them and relocating the women/children should not be that difficult , as marktplatz said above . 
  this just feels super weird - first they push for an improvement , citing `` a lot '' of cases of rape/sexual harassment without concrete evidence , then retract the statement after it is made public . 
  that 's the dumbest possible move they could have made . 
  how the hell can you abuse this letter ? 
  the information is out in the open , there was no reason to remove it . 
  this only makes the reports seem sketchy/manipulated . 
  the open letter is not available online , as huffpost claims , btw : http://lfr-hessen.de/images/brief_an_frauenpolische_sprecherinnen_ltg._18.08.2015.pdf getting a 500 error . 
  edit : all sources citing this letter except the german huffpost are anti-immigration blogs . 
  nothing on mainstream news or official political websites . 
  edit2 : apparently the letter was removed from the official website due to abuse . 
  a bit of a strange move , since this only makes all reports about it seem sketchy/opens avenues of manipulation . 
  if the issue was that important and they had the data to back it up , why not make it public in the first place ? 
  you made a new account just to tell us we should not allow people fleeing a war into countries that have it in their constitution to allow people fleeing a war into their countries ? 
  you also need to keep in mind that merkel grew up in east germany . 
  she knows first-hand what the reunification did for the people she knew since childhood - and how important the financial aid for the `` new '' federal states was . 
  that may be why she personally supports accepting legitimate refugees from syria and ignoring dublin iii for them . 
  the article itself is rather shallow beyond stating the obvious , sadly . 
   but would that poverty be there if the immigrants were n't there in the first place ? 
  since our poorest federal states are located in the east , have a severe racism problem in the poorest districts and are predominantly ethnic and historic germans with low education levels ... yes . 
  he is also a part of the super conservative csu in bavaria , junior partner of the cdu/csu coalition and known in germany for being pretty contrarian when it comes to things like immigration , taxation and minimum wage . 
  his job is basically to represent the conservative part of germany 's most conservative federal state in a coalition of two of germany 's most conservative political parties where his party is the more conservative one . 
  it would be super weird for him to not say his federal state has had it with the refugees . 
  okay , i get the point the video is trying to make , but the random house/dubstep laid over videos of vaguely brown people doing something aggressive is irritating and has no context or source . 
  the dude shouting `` money money money '' could be from literally anywhere . 
  he has a point with misrepresentation of ( for example ) the guy pulling his wife and kid on the tracks , why make himself less believable by editing the video that terribly and providing no context for most accusations ? 
   and by the way , germany did not even want to be part of it . 
  man , i still remember bild 's `` t $ uro '' campaign , stickers and all . 
  he is , however , exactly the type of person religious zealots like isis would execute on the spot . 
  all better , no danger present . 
  you first have to ask `` if i was to remove this agreement , would you die ? '', 
   surely it 's more efficient to just back down from their previous open invitation ? 
  or clarify it . 
  what about `` we temporarily suspend dublin iii for syrian refugees that would most likely receive a residency permit as asylum seekers anyway in order to alleviate some of the pressure of `` first contact '' countries '' was not clear ? 
  i assume he is talking about third-wave radfems \u00e1 la tumblr . 
  `` everything is problematic , poc ca n't be racist , sexism is a man sitting with his legs slightly spread '', 
  i found it a pretty retarded move to kick the women , especially since security was already carrying them off-stage . 
  great way to save face . 
  you guys are aware that this bloke is a part of the super conservative csu in bavaria , junior partner of the cdu/csu coalition and known in germany for being pretty contrarian when it comes to things like immigration , taxation and minimum wage ? 
  his job is basically to represent the conservative part of germany 's most conservative federal state in a coalition of two of germany 's most conservative political parties where his party is the more conservative one . 
  it would be super weird for him to not say his federal state has had it with the refugees . 
  i think you have no idea what these border checkpoints are meant to achieve . 
  it 's not to keep out , it 's to better register and control without off-loading all the work to local police in the destination city . 
  tell that to the guys that brought up nazi merkel fuck off during the greek crisis talks . 
  you are a european citizen with a passport , so i assume you will be given a quick once-over and sent on your way . 
  may have to wait a bit at the border . 
  exactly that . 
  he is a fear-monger and a liar by omission, 
  people keep mixing this up . 
  we suspended dublin iii for syrians ( sending them back to the country of first contact ) to relieve those outlying nations a bit . 
  syrians that first get registered and apply for asylum here will most likely get it anyway without extra policies since syria is really , really dangerous right now . 
  it 's a bit of an optimistic projection , but i heard the industrial sector is growing steadly - might be doable . 
  not gon na lie , that 's pretty badass . 
  paint it black and add some skulls/rusted chains and you got a grade-a supervillain fortress . 
  enough to complain and obliviously blame merkel , apparently . 
  does anybody still believe she said `` everybody come in '' ? 
  she just decided that we would suspend dublin iii for syrian refugees only to relief the highly pressured first-contact nations of the brunt of the influx . 
  you seem to want to paint her as a bumbling fool that just decided to fuck over the neighbours . 
  that is simply not the case . 
  she is not dumb or blind , she is just a populist and realist . 
  she does what needs doing , but always in a way to get maximum public support . 
  as long as erdogan actively fosters a climate of hatred for the kurds , protectionism and a vilified liberal media the opposition will only grow stronger . 
  he apparently likes to think of himself as a kind of miniature putin , but he is in no position to take those outlandish decisions without repercussions . 
   nobody cares though that depends on the industry , though . 
  if you are a highly-educated specialist you will be much more likely to find an employer you do n't have to sue to get those rights . 
  what !? 
  have you seen this video ? 
  it 's cruel as fuck and very clearly intentional . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/methamphetamine  during world war ii , pervitin ( methamphetamine ) developed by berlin-based temmler pharmaceutical company was used extensively by all branches of the german armed forces ( luftwaffe pilots , in particular ) for its performance enhancing stimulant effects and to induce extended wakefulness . 
  the product `` scho-ka-kola '' today is kind of a child of this stuff , it used to be colloquially called `` fliegerschokolade '' ( pilot 's chocolate ) and contained aforementioned amphetamines . 
  hitlers vision of a master race included his men fighting harder , longer and better . 
  and that meant using every advantage you could get . 
  my grandfather told me stories of how this stuff used to be sold in the village by soldiers on leave to farmers who really loved it since it `` helped get through the work day better '' . 
  people just did not know this stuff was really bad for you in the long run . 
  edit : funnily enough , german armed forces had this stuff stashed away in case of an emergency as late as 1970 . https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/methamphetamin  sowohl bundeswehr als auch nationale volksarmee lagerten pervitin f\u00fcr den ernstfall bis zu den 1970er jahren ein, 
  he is implying this has nothing at all to do with the statistic including all false claims and , if a victim was raped three times , including three separate acts of rape .
