since you receive payments only for a limited time after your application is rejected ( for you to get your affairs in order ) and these payments and duration of them is being cut at the moment , there should be quite a lot more leaving . 
  as an illegal in germany you receive no housing , no benefits and no work permit , which means they have to live with essentially nothing . 
  from the second article focusing specifically on their view on jihad :  in ahmadiyya islam , jihad is primarily one 's personal inner struggle . 
  armed struggle or military exertion is the last option only to be used in defense , to protect religion and one 's own life in extreme situations of religious persecution , whilst not being able to follow one 's fundamental religious beliefs ; and even then it can only be carried out under the direct instruction of the caliph . 
  it is not permissible that jihad be used to spread islam violently or for political motives , or that it be waged against a government that maintains religious freedom . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahmadiyya_view_on_jihad so these two kids ( for whatever reason ) tried to burn down a meeting place of exactly the kind of secular and peaceful muslims sociologists say are needed to counter extremist movements . 
  they are taking on a support role , not sending ground troops or anything . 
  by that logic , airstrike against isis or the support in libya during the arab spring would also preclude us from selling to the us and france . 
  the international agreements denying sales of weaponry are focused on war criminals and parties that attack your allies . 
   do n't the germans export a whole lot of weapons to the middle east ? 
  misconception . 
  recent deals included chassis for trucks , reconnaissance vehicles and refueling aircraft but no rifles or other small arms . 
  all things that are not commonly used in an insurgency . 
  i always carry an emergency leberwurst , much more effective than blutwurst . 
  i like how spain is only 99 % . 
  but germany should be about right . 
  i only had it for 2 years back in school and all i remember is `` no tengo los deberes '' : o, 
  the taz is kind of left-leaning . 
  nah , they were taken to processing stations and camps ( as police would have to catch this guy in the act , and unless the refugees/migrants ran away and managed to dodge all cops , they were taken in ) . 
  thank you very much for clarifying . 
  implementing a system outside of the european union will not be easy . 
  we could help fund turkey and lebanon and other nations that have erected and maintained refugee camps , but outside of that i see not many options . 
  i a person really wants to go somewhere , they will most likely make it or die . 
  closing off the borders is a first step , but those already on the way will then most likely turn to protest or violence - also against each other . 
  many have spent their life 's savings on the dangerous trip , among them a lot of people that have a legitimate claim for asylum . 
  keeping them out is unconstitutional and will be a huge burden for our border-nations . 
  we have not yet made a smart plan to stop this , and the home-front is also on fire , figuratively , with the many already here . 
  it will be tough either way . 
  as for your fears , economic migrants are unlikely to be accepted in huge numbers , as they would be from safe nations . 
  and those `` causing trouble '' ... that 's a bit unspecific , is n't it ? 
  with the implemented benefit cuts for them to facilitate faster deportation , they will face the choice of either leaving or receiving no support at all , essentially being homeless . 
  any trouble they can cause will most likely be dealt with by police . 
  as soon as they file a claim for asylum , they will be registered and police know who and where they are . 
  the difficulty of integration is something where we can , uniquely , learn from history . 
  we know where and how we failed before , new programs are being worked on , school and education above all . 
  we can obviously not know if our new ideas work out , but that 's the reality you face in such a situation . 
  you have to do your best and hope it is enough . 
  that 's probably true . 
  indecision has been a pretty big part of merkel 's policy on difficult events . 
  people expected a reaction from her , she gauged public opinion ( which was `` omg help those people '' at the time ) and did what would get her the most support . 
  german bureaucracy is always slow to react , and a highly dynamic problem like refugees can quickly overwhelm it . 
  i have hope that solutions will be implemented , but right now all we can do is treat people like people and process them according to the law . 
  which is what is happening . 
  greece an entirely different can of worms , with a bunch of people shouting very loudly and very little data on what would realistically happen . 
  it was a one-of-it 's - kind situation . 
  nobody knew how greece would react in the elections ( almost all polls missed it by a mile ) and things got pretty emotional pretty quickly . 
  i can not judge her handling of this yet , because we have not seen the end of it , but a more abstract approach with less polemic crap would probably have helped . 
  from all sides . 
  ( burning merkel posters with a hitler mustache glued on was not the smartest protest i ever saw ), 
  that 's a bit of a facetious thing to say , is n't it ? 
  the entire wave of migrants that came in after merkel very clearly stated that syrian refugees , and only them , will not be sent back to first-contact nations on the outside of the eu if their claim to asylum is valid was already on their way earlier . 
  we are just now making a plan to deal with it - fast-tracking of reformed asylum proceedings through the bundestag , cuts of benefits for declined asylum applicants , faster deportation . 
  all currently being implemented . 
  the only thing you can accuse anybody of is a late reaction to an immediate problem . 
  what , right now , should be done differently ? 
  what , right now , is happening that you think will destroy the entire continent ? 
  i am thinking about this quite often in those discussions here , and i have not yet seen a realistic scenario laid out for me . 
  what the tits . 
  time to move solar systems , the idiocy has compromised our government . 
  this is n't even like the refugee debate where both camps have good and bad ideas or like the third wave tumblr feminism where there is some historic good will ... 
  this is really just bullshit to the nth degree . 
  and here i thought the bane of my teenage years had finally died off or actually played a fucking ios game and realized you do not want to kill someone more or less after playing a game . 
  all that aside :  space-based weaponry you see , that i could get behind . 
  who does n't want their own death star . 
   they will be when they realize what they are doing to themselves and the entire continent . 
  and what , precisely , would that be ? 
  i keep seeing vague doomsday scenarios , but never with concrete data or clear projections . 
  what , exactly , do you fear will happen with the current policy ? 
  what would you wish we do differently ? 
  for anyone else that did not know about this , this is the wikipedia link : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland i mainly found this surprising :  in 1983 , abortion was illegal in ireland under the offences against the person act 1861 ; the eighth amendment was introduced to prevent it being legalised at any time in the future . 
  kind of a hardcore approach . 
  i was actually under the impression abortion was largely considered legal across europe . 
  as a local , can you give me some insight into how heated this discussion is ? 
  does it dominate the talkshows right now ? 
  the opposition right now is kind of small and mess , mainly headed by `` die linke '' , our mainstream left-wing party , and the greens . 
  they raise their voice and vote according to their beliefs in the bundestag , but they are mostly ineffective . 
  barring any large-scale riots or a vote of no confidence , at the earliest we will see serious change with the next election . 
  i thought i would post something not many will have heard of outside of germany . 
  things have been a bit harder than you might think for people that got caught bringing refugees to germany in private cars . 
  _______ wolfgang wurm can still not believe it . 
  `` now i 'm accused of very serious crime . 
  i had to undress , was photographed from all sides '' , the 47-year old upper austrian told the orf-news `` zeit im bild '' . 
  for hours , he was stuck in investigative custody , now he is implicated in penal procedures , threatened with 10 years of prison . 
  theoretically . 
  in reality he may get away with two years . 
  his \u201e crime `` : he drove a refugee family two kilometers to the german border . 
  there , he was arrested by bavarian police -- and accused of trafficking . 
  germany has been floating in a \u201e willkommenskultur `` for two weeks and celebrates the willingness to help , with which regular citizens meet the refugees . 
  this awakening of civil society happened in austria , too -- with a small additional detail : because austria directly borders hungary , there was a downright movement of people driving refugees from hungary to austria . 
  the true numbers are unknown , but surely austrian citizens have moved thousands of refugees from budapest , gy\u00f6r , r\u00f6szke and other places to safety . 
  they are conscious of the risks inherent in this . 
  in hungary they are threatened with penal procedures , in austria these driving services over the border are -- if there is no intention to profit off of it -- just a minor infraction . 
  what nobody expected : the true danger of repression hails from bavaria . 
  helpers that did not just bring refugees to the vienna eastern train station but over the bavarian border are , in many cases , being prosecuted by the department of justice . 
  there are several reports of activists that just wished to bring refugee families over the border , even heading directly for police stations , so they could apply for asylum at once -- and were locked up immediately . 
  what followed was the whole nine yards : handcuffs , 48 hours of investigative custody in the rather harmless cases , release for bail and threat of two years of prison . 
  but the bavarian prisons seem to be overflowing with alleged traffickers -- 713 , the official number , are awaiting their lawsuit in custody . 
  even taxi drivers , who helped refugees for a solidarity fee or the local transportation tariff , were arrested in bavaria . 
  and this happened , mind you , at a time when refugees were brought over the border by special trains -- and everybody applauded . 
  _______ kind of a mess , but he did break the law .
