  what ? 
  he in no way condoned it or called for the perpetrator to be set free or anything . 
  scale , friend , scale . 
  most camps and processing stations are peaceful , hence why it is newsworthy at all that shit goes down . 
  if there was daily violence , a brawl between 10 guys would not make it to the front page of major news outlets ( the big one in kassel is even more exceptional ) . 
  this was literally the first time an officer was injured . 
  we know nothing of the incident besides that someone got stabbed . 
  maybe the stabber had his application rejected and was prone to violence anyway . 
  maybe there was an altercation and the officer tried to help . 
  in any case , this proves nothing if not supported by statistics relative to the number of refugees and asylum seekers . 
  do n't you always carry emergency knifes for emergency stabbings ? 
  i mean , in case someone cuts into the line in front of you or steals the closest parking space to the supermarket . 
  reminds me of the greeks demanding money back from the current german government for a loan forced on them by nazi germany when the greek financial crisis hit and germany demanded they clean up their act . 
  other than a hearty laugh , nothing happened . 
  since you are not european , i suggest you read up a bit on working ( in germany especially , as you will apparently spend some time here and want to work ) : http://www.the-backpacking-site.com/countries/germany-working.html this site is good for advice and getting you started in general . 
  the budget may be okay ( 11.000 $ , just about ) , but travel , sleeping and eating is hella expensive , so you should plan with some safety-nets left over as well as sow some emergency cash into your underwear ( no , i am not fucking with you ) so you can at least get home if all your shit gets stolen ( happened to a friend in poland , cue the jokes ) . 
  other than that , plan for everything , including getting sick , find travel buddies if you can ( takes away the anxiety and helps you find your way around ) and learn a few sentences in the local language beforehand . 
  you will most likely get away with english in most countries , but you never know when you will have to talk to someone that never had english in school and ask for a doctor , a supermarket or beer . 
  believe me , it pays off . 
  and the locals will know you are not just a tourist but genuinely care about the culture . 
  as far as your destinations go ... you aim for a lot of big cities , and that 's cool , but germany has some really sweet rural areas to check out , too . 
  if you are interested in wine and want to try some of the best schorle you ever had , visit rhineland-palatinate during summer/autumn . 
  we have a [ weinfest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wine_festival ) practically every week somewhere . 
  it 's something you should see at least once , even if it 's just to tell your friends you got drunk with some germans that barely speak english and even less hochdeutsch while stuffing your face with food that 's so greasy you could probably make a plaster wall see through by rubbing it on it . 
  come on , it 's the internet , retarded has been used to describe everything from actually disabled people to stupid views not based on facts to literally retarded ( read : anti-progressive ) positions . 
  if somebody takes offence to that , they are free to tell me , but i have not yet received a complaint directly for the use of that word . 
  i also like calling ideas that have no basis in facts or reality dumb , as that 's what you have to be to take them seriously . 
  it 's a rhetoric quirk i have and only really comes out in discussions on the internet . 
  maybe too much 4chan in my youth . 
  oh , i also did not mean to imply the downvotes were bad , i meant to imply that all comments were heavily voted in both directions as implied by the `` controversial '' marker ( the little red cross you can turn on in options ) to counter the guys claim we have not seen a change in views and radicalization . 
   the empire was dissolved on 6 august 1806 , when the last holy roman emperor francis ii ( from 1804 , emperor francis i of austria ) abdicated , following a military defeat by the french under napoleon at austerlitz ( see treaty of pressburg ) . 
  napoleon reorganized much of the empire into the confederation of the rhine , a french satellite . 
  francis ' house of habsburg-lorraine survived the demise of the empire , continuing to reign as emperors of austria and kings of hungary until the habsburg empire 's final dissolution in 1918 in the aftermath of world war i. 
   the napoleonic confederation of the rhine was replaced by a new union , the german confederation , in 1815 , following the end of the napoleonic wars . 
  it lasted until 1866 when prussia founded the north german confederation , a forerunner of the german empire which united the german-speaking territories outside of austria and switzerland under prussian leadership in 1871 . 
  this served as the predecessor-state of modern germany . 
  read https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_roman_empire followed by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weimar_republic wikipedia has some good stuff on that . 
  it 's pretty interesting and kind of frightening how hitler managed to hitchhike on actually progressive reforms and turn a failed coup d'\u00e9tat into a rise to power . 
  agreed . 
  we would not have had the first major inner-european empire if it was not for the papacy :  on 25 december 800 , pope leo iii crowned the frankish king charlemagne as emperor , reviving the title in western europe after more than three centuries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_roman_empire excommunication was also a major threat to any leader ( look up how the uk got their [ church of england ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_of_england ) ) and being in good standing with the vatican was hella important . 
  hardly . 
  there are ongoing studies about it , but most conclude that it is due to radical groups essentially scooping up disadvantaged youth ( kind of like the author of ops article says ) and recruit them to their cause by offering a perspective . 
  recent converts and second-generation immigrants that face tough times are usually much more zealous than those born into the religion and/or immigrating with it . 
  if anything , this is due to failed multiculturalism and integration , where not enough was done to give young children of immigrants and young people in general a perspective for their future . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  on a personal note : i would also say we should push to learn from our past mistakes , as the reality of the situation is that these people are here now and we have to find a solution . 
  we need to look at what did not work back then and why . 
  but you do not have ex-jewish anti-semites . 
  you have israelis that are anti-zionist and decline the `` we 're gods people , it 's our land , fuck of palestine '' - narrative , but will hardly find anyone who lived there opposing the religion itself . 
  these two things are not as comparable as you would make it out . 
  zionism is linked to the jewish belief-system but not as closely as islam is linked to arabian clan based societies . 
  there are also secular movements within islam , but most of those still consider jihad a part of the religion , albeit more focused on yourself and less on the world . 
  well , yes , people get radicalized by more than one motive . 
  as evidenced by a few world wars and several extremist groups all over this planet . 
  but you are now confusing foot soldiers , lone wolfs and leadership figures . 
  bin laden has had several books written about him , all detailing his rise to power and how he came to funding a terrorist organization and later leading it . 
  he is a bit of a unique case , but also acted out of political motivation as much as out of religious motives . 
  yes , it is our most closely guarded secret , but british humour is our kryptonite . 
  the second most closely guarded one is red , white and black , in my basement and awaits the day our dear kaiser returns . 
  * wacht am rhein plays faintly in the distance *, 
  oh , i do n't give a damn about the points . 
  i just hate when people try to quickly bury dissenting opinions . 
  it 's lazy . 
  if your position is superior , you surely could find an argument for it . 
  i will now do something a bit stupid and try and paint a different hypothetical picture of what happened as soon as the huge migrant waves were closing in on germany and it became clear they would do everything in their power to get here , not stopping outside . 
  based on taking precisely the opposite measures of what we have tried to do and realistically based on historical events in similar circumstances . 
  step 1 : people did not start waving `` refugees welcome '' flags but rather took to the streets to close off the country . 
  the sun writes `` german nazis gain massive support '' step 2 : heated political debates begin in the bundestag - our small left-wing opposition is quickly shouted down and out-voted by the more conservative government parties who are influenced by the protests . 
  the sun writes `` german nationalism and protectionism on the rise ! '', 
  step 3 : hard decisions are made . 
  the borders are closed . 
  we support hungary with their fence and build our own . 
  the sun writes `` germany isolating itself - will they start a war on migrants ? '', 
  step 4 : people rejoice . 
  immigrants and legitimate refugees alike gather outside the border fences . 
  the sun writes `` merkel is now hitler '' . 
  step 5 : riots ensue as too many people are concentrated at the borders , police are struggling to keep the masses from charging the barricades and killing each other . 
  the sun writes `` german police practically kill refugees '' step 6 : the straw that breaks the camels back : a small girl is pushed to the front of the crowd in an attempt by her parents to be let through . 
  the cops do n't budge and the child dies , crushed between a roiling mass of people and wall of police shields as tear gas is used to disperse the mob . 
  the sun writes `` germany literally kills refugees '' step 7 : violence breaks out on a daily basis . 
  tear gas no longer works . 
  the stranded men and women start burning everything they can get their hands on . 
  the approaching winter scares them , they have nowhere left to turn . 
  a policeman is stabbed by disgruntled young man . 
  shots are fired into the crowd as every other measure fails . 
  a few people die . 
  the sun just prints a picture of merkel with a hitler mustache juxtaposed to photos of those killed . 
  step 8 : we finally have to accept that we can not uphold our constitution anymore ( take in those needing protection ) without also letting in and processing those that will not be allowed to stay . 
  the constitution is amended to reflect this , and migrants and refugees no longer have the same rights as other humans . 
  at the same time the strain on our budget grows ever stronger and protests now target the muslims already in the country - they were also refugees and migrants , after all , and no longer have the same rights as us . 
  the parasites . 
  the sun does n't even know anymore and just writes about fucking diana again . 
  step 9 : rioting mobs light mosques on fire , police and muslims clash in large-scale protests . 
  repressive measures are taken ( including curfews and financial pressure ) to keep the muslims off the streets . 
  they are now required to wear a moon & star mark on their id card . 
  merkel gives up and just superglues a hitler mustache to her face in an effort to fit the role we apparently want her to take . 
  the sun asks if the uk should dig up churchill . 
  this was of course ridiculous and tongue-in-cheek , but extremism in any direction needs to be watched . 
  our government is trying very hard to fight it , but since there are extreme camps on all sides , you can hardly make a decision without one side claiming you `` made it for this other group '' .
