  the french are not the only ones with legacy pollution from the war ( s ) . 
  my family runs a winery in southern germany . 
  my grandfather built it from the ruins of an old farm he bought after wwii ended and gradually bought land to grow grapevine on . 
  when safety limits for heavy metals and other contaminants were introduced and verified , we could not use a huge swath of land for years , he once told me . 
  because the allies blew up a bunch of trucks and fuel tanks on top of it , the oil and diesel and stuff was stuck in the soil . 
  when he finally had saved up enough to have the contaminated soil removed , the safety limit was adjusted by a more environmentally conscious administration and he had to have another meter of soil removed to meet it . 
  fixing such contamination and spillage is hella expensive . 
  i just hope the farmers get the support they need from their government . 
  small farms can get super fucked by such a thing . 
  okay , i have to ask : what about the realities of a war/insurgency is propaganda ? 
  do you have a grandfather/parent/uncle / brother who fought in a war ? 
  did you see any documentaries about , say , vietnam or the tribal conflicts in africa ? 
  this choice is what people in a war zone have to face . 
  if you are in disputed territory , you can only decide to help defend it or help take it over for another group . 
  refusal to fight is , in clan-based societies , often seen as a betrayal of your kin . 
   what scares me is that people believe that it is really so simple the political situation is obviously a tad more complex , but for an individual , this is precisely the choice to make . 
  you have to pick a side and fight if you are an able-bodied man . 
  especially in poorer regions where clan mentalities are strong and refusal to fight is seen as betraying your kin . 
  and still took years of rebuilding and financial transfer from the `` old '' federal states to build it up to an `` acceptable '' level . 
  the brain drain and mismanagement of ddr times took a heavy toll on it . 
  short answer : no . 
  long answer : noooooooooo . 
  the imbecile in the video is deliberately misrepresenting and lying shamelessly . 
  the intro itself should tell you that , because not a single thing he said about merkel 's immigration policy is true . 
  edit : skipped through it a bit , translation is alright , conclusions are bs . 
  edit 2 : alright , he suggested in no uncertain terms merkel is welcoming sharia law when lately there was a case where self-appointed sharia police were indicted in court . 
  edit 3 : ah , also `` unscreened migrants '' , again disregarding german refugee and immigration policy . 
  this guy either has no idea or is a liar . 
  in both cases , disregard this piece of garbage . 
  edit 4 : let 's review your source a bit , shall we ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/dieu5bk.jpg reading the headlines and intro sentences ( some very accusatory ) should give you an idea of what agenda that outlet is trying to push . 
  hard . 
  these circumstances are very unique - we do not have dozens of people like him sitting around , waiting to stab someone in the balls . 
  this was the most humane way to deal with him within the constraints of our law . 
  if you alter our basic rights because of one guy , he won . 
  we can adjust the monitoring systems and learn from this , but locking people up for life without rehabilitation like the dude suggested above is not something germany , as a nation , will support ( see : grundgesetz ) . 
  from wikipedia for those wondering :  king ludwig i of bavaria ordered the befreiungshalle to be built in order to commemorate the victories against napoleon during the wars of liberation that lasted from 1813 to 1815 . 
   the construction was started in 1842 by friedrich von g\u00e4rtner in a mixture of classical and christian styles . 
  at the behest of the king , leo von klenze altered the plans and completed the building in 1863 . 
  the ceremonial opening took place on october 18 , 1863 -- the 50th anniversary of the battle of nations ( v\u00f6lkerschlacht ) near leipzig . 
   the following dictum by king ludwig i , embedded into the marble floor , commemorates the occasion of the construction of the befreiungshalle :  moechten die teutschen nie vergessen was den befreiungskampf nothwendig machte und wodurch sie gesiegt . 
   ( may the germans never forget what made necessary the struggle for freedom and by what means they won . ), 
   this inscription of dedication is to be found above the ornamented door frame of the entrance portal :  den teutschen befreiungskaempfern ludwig i koenig von bayern  ( to the german liberation fighters ludwig i king of bavaria )  for the celebration of the first stone laying on october , 19 , ludwig i had written a poem dedicated to the soldiers who had fought in the napoleonic wars . 
  `` this guy lived here for years and was closely monitored but unique circumstances and basic human rights prevented us from sending him back , better be scared of people fleeing a war ! '', 
  jesus , do you reflect for five seconds before you write stuff ? 
  it 's not only about luther . 
  historians argue about it still , but the consensus is that our religious relativism and secular state-form is also very stable because we had a very bad experience with nationalism and quasi-worship of leadership figures . 
  the arab world as a whole never got burned so badly and had no real `` enlightenment '' period in their arts and sciences . 
  spon confirmed the general background http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/berlin-mutmasslicher-angreifer-gehoerte-zur-islamistenszene-a-1053497.html but it 's all very vague . 
  he apparently lived here for years and was being monitored and faced police for aggressive behaviour on multiple occasions . 
  judging by the massive votes any controversial comment eats in both directions , i would assume so . 
  it feels really weird that you can , in one thread , say `` we need to be welcoming to all people facing persecution and war '' and get upvoted , then in another say the exact same thing and sit at -20 , accompanied by comments of `` you are killing europe '' . 
  then in those same two threads , someone will call for tighter regulations and more men at borders to filter applicants before they even enter and this same guy will then be praised to high heaven or called a nazi depending on who is around to read it at the moment . 
  it 's actually insane . 
  i can only recommend everyone watches this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlnhpmqnwu4, 
  a difficult problem popped up nobody really knows what to do about other than deal with it in the most humane manner possible . 
  this head-scratching gave rise to extremists , what in turn drove most moderates out of the discussion . 
  i can only recommend everybody watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlnhpmqnwu4, 
  the problem lies in who comes here for what , i feel . 
  the migration/refugee topic has attracted lots of extreme viewpoints as well as trolls . 
  i tried something else that 's political , important and should concern all countries present here , yet it got little attention : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3l1ljt/study_german_youths_increasingly_consuming/ it feels like the majority of people engaging in a discussion here either do it because they feel strongly about it or to keep those that feel strongly about it at bay somewhat . 
  all we can really do is encourage others to contribute new , interesting content and spread the focus a bit . 
  encouraging people of different cultures to move into very homogeneous parts of the country to combat parallel cultures and prejudice is now ethnic cleansing ? 
  are you a troll or an idiot ? 
  that is patently false . 
  90 % rejection rate etc. 
  because they do not apply for asylum in large numbers at the moment ? 
  we will obviously not abduct them if they find safety in their home country . 
  she is not technically wrong , man . 
  racists find fertile ground in the east of germany because many people there have had no personal experience with other cultures and thus had no chance to work through prejudice and misconceptions . 
  the difference is that this woman is part of an ngo that will work together with the government to keep an eye on hate speech on social networks . 
  that she was forcibly recruited to spy for the stasi ( together with 189000 other people ) is irrelevant . 
  it ended 25 years ago . 
  yeah , only communists are allowed to have a political party in germany ( kpd/linke ) , except of course the npd and afd . 
  clearly we have a bias against right-wing ideas and opress the poor anti-immigration activists . 
  do n't know why you ate the downvotes , it is actually a pretty insightful article for once . 
   yes , the non-partisan media needs to recognise the responsibility they have , and use objective measures and academic analysis to judge whether they are meeting that responsibility . 
  but more generally myths are real and have to be confronted . 
  the biggest myth of all is that there are no myths . 
  this is the gist of what annoyed me about reporting in the past week ( s ) , except maybe for the last sentence that is a bit / r/iamverysmart . 
  to your first part , i 'm a scientist ( m.sc . 
  sometimes you have to trust in the methods of those that came before you - replication is not always doable with the available funding . 
  there are huge projects to replicate older high-impact studies with modern methods to combat complacency and there recently was a call for more rigorous peer review and publication of negative results . 
  but that is beside the point a bit right now - that 's mainly a problem of the scientific community . 
  i mainly wished to illustrate that acclaimed experts in their field are better suited to debate an issue than laymen due to less semi-knowledge and years of experience . 
   not to mention , discussions on religion have different standards than does a discussion on science . 
  social sciences have studied religion for decades . 
  the societal structures in primarily muslim communities both native and immigrant have been subject of many journal publications , not to mention popsci stuff like natgeo running hundreds of articles about middle eastern cultures . 
  experts can include people with an agenda , sure , but the percentage should be significantly lower . 
  by your standard , we can trust no single scientific publication . 
  if experts provide facts to the discussion , there is little reason to doubt their arguments . 
  and all scientists worth their salt provide sources . 
  nice of you ignoring the part of my post in between those two cut-out posts where i explain that . 
  yah ignore the fact she was very young and impressionable and had a shit relationship with her mother beforehand , nice try adolf sarcasm aside , this is a tragic mix of an impressionable young girl with a bad family situation that developed a weird obsession with islam due to being burned by a former lover . 
  the fact that the daily mail has to so gleefully dissect this singular case makes it pretty apparent it is a very unusual constellation of factors . 
  the problem is not that people have opinions . 
  most are very reasonable about it , too . 
  the problem is misinformation . 
  without fault someone will , at some point in such a debate , say something blindingly ignorant like `` qu ` ran says kill all infidels you see , it 's not like the bible where a jesus said that shit is bad ! '', 
  ( thus leaving out the much wider interpretations of arabic , see `` raisins vs. virgins '' debate : http://wikiislam.net/wiki/72_virgins#virgins_or_raisins.3f ) this will not only worsen the atmosphere of such a debate significantly but also discredit those that support his pov as idiots by association .
