  an educated person is a person with less prejudice and a more open mind . 
  an educated person is far less likely to get stuck in a criminal career or extremist circles due to personal failure . 
  so -  immigration + education = a sustainable workforce . 
  it is morally , socially and economically the right decision . 
   angela merkel is not and has never been a hippie . 
  she 's a populist and a thoroughly ruthless politician . 
  yep , and she is actually pretty hated for that in far-left/hippie groups . 
  that , and the whole cdu-vs-gay-marriage thing . 
  so ... the same the professor was playing ? 
  i quite enjoyed it . 
  you can call any number of people anything . 
  it 's quite fun , actually . 
  considering i got to -40 on a comment pointing out that not every asylum seeker is a welfare shopper but may have family or friends here and thus has a pretty legit reason to want to get to germany ... 
  i am also a bit unsure . 
  oh my , ideals !, 
  whatever will we do , striving for a better world !, 
  the poor status quo . 
  someone please preserve the status quo !, 
  change is so scary . 
  you see my point ? 
  just as an image with a civilian shotgun with an overlaid claim means nothing . 
  just sayin ' . 
  now i want a statistic of how many people support what skyrim faction and what they think of immigration . 
  so it was a hyperbolic point made in bad faith ? 
  great , where are the actual numbers ? 
  if you have to construct wonky strawmen like this with unverified images you are probably not on very solid ground , statistics-wise . 
  but did n't you know , calling everyone slightly browner than you a welfare shopper and invader is not racist !, 
  we have the problem right now . 
  my age group ( 25-30 ) is only growing smaller over time . 
  so either we reproduce like rabbits right the fuck now or we need a gradual influx of people around that age to keep a steady workforce . 
  this is not what you said was happening , mate . 
  merkel is given the flag to wave it around , but since she does not want to do anything nationalistic ( and you bet the newspapers would love it ) she does not wave it around . 
   where the fuck is europe 's balls ?!, 
  we should be planning invasion in syria and kick isis 's ass !, 
  that is precisely why they are committing atrocities and sending people running - they want an intervention so the foreign invaders can serve as `` proof '' that , as a local , you should support isis !, 
  they will rapidly run out of public support if they keep murdering innocents wherever they go . 
  if you decide to attack with tanks and troops we will play right into their hand . 
  not to mention quite a lot of our people would die too ( see : recently used mustard gas ) . 
   and taking them all in is hardly a solution sending them back to the state they arrived will fuck over that state and is also no option . 
   bossing other countries around like she 's in charge you are aware merkel can not make this decision alone ? 
  you are aware she is putting this up for discussion and other nations have leaders of their own , who can say no at any time during a vote ? 
   word  other word  no context are you serious ? 
  this guy uploaded a video titled `` 18 + not for shock !, 
  syria - another saudi jihadist fsa clown goes to see iblis in hell '' . 
  i think he may possibly have an agenda . 
  but that 's just a feeling, 
  the second guy is in civilian clothing holding a shotgun anybody can buy for hunting and home defense , the third one is literally the op . 
  did you just say young people stopping a society from aging is unproven ? 
  you are projecting so hard , i bet you could show power point slides by pointing your dick at a wall . 
  there is not only black and white but shades of gray . 
  maybe they are scared , have allergies or genuinly do n't like certain tastes ? 
  just because you are escaping from a war zone you are not suddenly a slave to the whims of others . 
  you still have the right to choose what to do with your life , how to build it and where . 
  i blame nobody for wanting a better life for themselves or their family . 
  do you know their reasons for wanting to move on to sweden ? 
  maybe they have friends there . 
  you are being such a judgemebtal arse i am actually surprised that nobidy called you a racist yet . 
  because you are pretty close to that definition . 
  you in the least lack respect towards other human beings . 
  this shit always irks me . 
  my city was occupied by the french of and on for centuries ( last after wwii ) and the age-old fortifications that survived to this day are being preserved as historical sites and painstakingly renovated to teach younger generations our history . 
  what the hell is there to gain by flattening such an old monument if there is a bunch of perfectly fine desert all around to build on ? 
  that 's a nice bonus , yes , but this is mainly protectionism . 
  if they can build up their cultural influence and maybe get public support in lieu of `` financial friendships '' that would be great , of course . 
  but this really is about covering their asses . 
   this monstrosity it looks like a 5-year-old tried to draw a gotham-inspired hotel and never fucking stopped . 
  believe it or not , some people actually manage to sneak past an open border . 
  that 's why we have this problem in the first place , hm ? 
  mate , i feel your pain but slapping nazi labels on people is a pretty dick move and not productive . 
  you either work to tear down prejudice by providing facts and changing view or do n't engage at all . 
  being an ass to people will only harden their resolve and re-affirm their beliefs . 
  just so you know : the refugees were not `` sent over '' by germany , they wanted to move on to sweden on their own volition . 
  their production quality is pretty damn good , and the science behind their shit is also pretty sensible ( the gmo vid is factually correct , though not sourced properly and rather superficial , watched it to see how they handle facts as i am in the field ) but they do apparently put a bit of a political spin on the social commentary stuff they do . 
  not a fan of ideology in what is sold as science , but you can not fully disregard factual statements . 
  watch it , check their sources and make up your own mind . 
  did you just imply a terrorist attack on german soil would lead to a rise of a violent regime including pogroms especially after what is our history ? 
  you have quite literally no idea what you are talking about . 
  visit us , learn about our culture and what the average german thinks , you judgmental dick . 
  we subsist entirely on weinschorle , leberwurst and jokes about france and the saarland . 
  well , officially , we are super peaceful . 
  but there is quite a bit about us you do not know ... * wacht am rhein plays faintly in the distance *, 
  good , now where do you get those weapons and enough ammunition to cause trouble that three policemen ca n't stop ? 
  do you know big suppliers ? 
  if so , intelligence may know them too . 
  what do you do if your guy gets caught ? 
  try the other 10 russian arms dealers with comical accents and funny hats two abandoned warehouses over ? 
  but after i arrived let me take a picture to show my family i made it and am okay and i will get the paperwork sorted to get them out of the crowded camp and into a country with a perspective . 
  soooo ... people unhappy about having to live in tents without a way to work or improve themselves during a lengthy bureaucratic process is a reason to reject them ? 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  they are so poor and uneducated ( as evidenced by the phones and selfie stick ) that they will strain our welfare system to the breaking point . 
  but they are also so well-off that they could just stay out of our country if they wanted !, 
  and so well educated they will steal our jobs !, 
  it 's almost like refugees and migrants are a diverse group of people !, 
  `` hey mom , dad , i made it !, 
  i can finally get the paperwork done to get you over here and out of that shitty camp and my sister can finally go to school !, 
  here 's a picture !, 
  i am ok ! '', 
  do you really want to spin the narrative these people are super well-off or something ? 
  running from a warzone and seeking a better life is not really something only poor people do . 
  especially people that are relatively wealthy can afford to have on member do the dangerous journey by trafficker routes and get the others in with proper paperwork .
