  you apparently either need land mines or a very angry dog to keep assholes off your lawn . 
  well , germans think it 's a fucking travesty and hella expensive . 
  mostly because you 've got to rent the table too if you even want to get inside the tent . 
  and those can go for 1000 + $ . 
  dude , big dates are for scrubs . 
  rhineland-palatinate has a weinfest in a village around my home town every other week from spring to autumn . 
  technically not , but if you want to get into one of the tents where the action is , you got ta rent a table for you and your buddies for the night . 
  those are super expensive . 
  you are aware this is not about the current wave but about people already in the country and the concern is that those extremists would try to get to the refugees and isolate them to have then join their cause ? 
  you do realize the '' throw bigger stones '' was n't that the police should actually throw canon balls across the border . 
  poe 's law , man . 
  extremists have said such stupid things i can not even tell anymore ... 
  sounds much more reasonable than i assumed reading your first comment . 
  sorry if i was being a bit of a dick there . 
  what would the general stance in your country be on the issue ? 
  do the news push any side of it ? 
  what about normal people ? 
  i assume most support your government on this . 
  i would n't say `` full of stories '' , but there is usually one segment in the bigger news programs dedicated to it . 
  talk shows most certainly seem dominated by the topic , but i do n't really watch those . 
  newspapers also have one or two related events and maybe a comment on it , the rest is the usual . 
  ca n't say it 's not a dominant issue , though . 
  congratulations , the terrorists won . 
  we now managed to make school officials scared of a 14 year old kid saying an on-topic phrase in foreign language class . 
  if there was not very clear evidence beforehand that he or his immediate relatives/friends hang out in known extremist circles , this move was complete and utter bullshit . 
   i do n't see how you can sweet talk things like that i am trying to give perspective . 
  the headline makes it seem like 1000 people started rioting and lighting shit on fire . 
  that nobody got hurt , nothing got damaged and shit calmed down the second the cops showed up should give you an idea of how small of an incident this was . 
  other than that , i actually agree with you - hooligans being dumb cunts does not cancel out other acts of violence . 
  i just read the comments above demanding immediately throwing back bigger stones or shooting and wondered if people actually read about what happened or just saw the headline and built a highly dramatic image in their heads . 
  mate , m. sc . 
  biotech here , this stuff is very common and happens to people with two phds and a chair in the faculty . 
  if you read a popsci or newspaper article , you generally just glance at graphs to get a feel for the proportions and numbers . 
  logarithmic scales in a comparison meant to be understood by the public at large are a dumb idea and are only used intentionally if you want to mislead and only used accidentally by idiots . 
  dude , you may be taking this debate a bit too seriously when you tell someone trying to have a civil discussion to kill themselves . 
  okay , i think i get what you mean . 
  in your opinion these people do n't call for action from your government but rather call for your government to let other nations ( i guess you implicate merkel here , too ) decide for you and you disagree with that . 
  i can see why this point would not sit well with you , especially given the events of the past you cited . 
  i did not know this happened , actually . 
  eastern european politics are , sadly , not covered well ( or at all ) in school here , we are very us-centric when it comes to foreign cultures and political systems and happenings . 
  is there any point you can agree on in this letter , or is it mainly nonsense to you ? 
  by the way , your government , at least judging by what our media says , is not showing any signs of giving up their stance , so what these 3500 people demand will most likely not be happening . 
  i did not see any calls for expropriation in the letter , and no push for giving away your stuff to anybody . 
  from what i can tell from their english and german translations ( both pretty similar , which implies a good amount of work went into this ) , they just wish for more humane treatment of asylum seekers , refugees and migrants and fear what image of their country would be projected to others by the actions of their government . 
  nothing treacherous in my opinion . 
  i am a bit confused as to what you are trying to say here . 
  you took two words out of my post that have no meaning by themselves . 
  you also seemingly imply i said these were syrian refugees , all with a legit claim . 
  i intentionally used the phrase `` asylum seekers '' because that is what those people are . 
  they seek asylum and await processing , but the going is far too slow and unrest spreads , as well as uncertainty about their future . 
  the fear of being rejected and the pressure of just not knowing what will happen ( and if you even will get a fair process or any process at all in the chaotic conditions there ) is probably also not helping . 
  your reply is just kind of a rant where you conflate a mod deleting some controversial stuff unjustly with censorship or something ? 
  i am actually confused . 
  your run on sentences and lack of use of capital and small initial letters also do not help me understand your point . 
  if you want to be heard , please try to be clear and understandable . 
  you just called someone with a different opinion a traitor - that is kind of an extreme position to take when it comes to open discourse . 
  why would you feel betrayed by these people voicing their opinions ? 
  did you trust them and they abused that trust ? 
  i felt the letter was a bit on the cringy side ( very apologetic , no data-backed points that are useful in a debate , very feeling-oriented ) . 
  other than that , it was the sincere opinion of a bunch of your fellow citizens . 
  calling them traitors is , in my opinion , not the way to go about helping them understand your position . 
  you will only reinforce extreme viewpoints . 
  that dude 's death was pretty metal . 
  i can get behind that . 
  what use would you have for an inescapable rape-dungeon in the basement ? 
  and why am i not invited ? 
  edit : i was kidding , the cellar was filled with concrete . 
  you just get a neat old-people house . 
  tl , dr : \\  some people threw stones \\  security guards took cover in building \\  cops showed up \\  everybody chilled out again no huge damage , no big injuries , no massive rioting . 
  big soccer matches here tend to end more violently than this . 
  though this incident highlights the need for more guards and better communication in the waiting/processing areas . 
  these people were most likely pissed off to the point of throwing stuff by waiting outside for hours with no information on what is going on and no perspective on what 's happening . 
  so better security ( not just contractors ) and better information flow could probably have prevented this . 
  edit : since i am eating downvotes but no replies , i should probably explain more : http://www.focus.de/regional/berlin/migration-fluechtlinge-werfen-steine-auf-wachleute-vor-lageso_id_4965127.html this is the actual news piece ( not the ticker ) . 
  the situation at the lageso was tense to begin with . 
  add to that overcrowding and that since 2 pm no additional waiting numbers were given out ( so those without a number were essentially shit out of luck and could only come back the next day and hope to get in ) tensions grew and the paid security guards were overwhelmed and failed to defuse the situation . 
  asylum seekers also demanded asylum by chanting . 
  i quite honestly have no idea . 
  never voted for her , but my best guess is she is exceedingly popular due to her ( as your diplomats called it in wiki leaks documents ) `` teflon '' approach to diplomacy . 
  nothing sticks , she is just a generally friendly person that nobody really knows a lot about . 
  schr\u00f6der we knew what to do with . 
  he was loud , often opinionated and made mistakes in public . 
  he lied , cheated and was more involved with russian companies and money than we were comfortable with - but he was very clear about who he was . 
  merkel is really good at riding polls . 
  she does the popular thing , if her government fucks up she sacrifices some idiot she never liked anyway and lets him eat the blame . 
  and i am kind of afraid she * may be our best option * for another for years come the next election . 
  this scares a lot of germans more than you can ever imagine . 
  this piece of legislation is the definition of `` well , it sounds good on paper ... '' . 
  nobody saw it coming , but it directly lead to what we see today in overwhelmed first-contact nations and a clusterfuck of a processing system . 
  we are scrambling to just assess if a claim is legit or not , and if the crisis would not be fucking other countries even worse we might even be able to manage it . 
  but by off-loading the burden on the outside borders of the eu ( i here include dublin ii ) we just created another hotspot that needs attention , so we can focus even less on fixing the shit going down inside our country . 
  it 's actually a completely dumb situation . 
  quotas are so popular right now because they would at least fix the distribution issue and allow us to alleviate our overloaded ( and , honestly , bloated ) bureaucracy to the point they can actually get shit done . 
  you are confusing next-gen sequencing assisted breeding ( where you look for traditional breeding results with molecular techniques like rt-qpcr ) with actually transforming plants . 
  i have to agree with / u/lalegatorbg , you are either not being clear here or do not have the experience you claim you have . 
  the hildebrandslied is our oldest surviving poetic work : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hildebrandslied  i heard tell  that warriors met in single combat  hildebrand and hadubrand between two armies  son and father prepared their armour  made ready their battle garments girded on their swords  the warriors , over their ring mail when they rode to battle . 
  it 's basically a heroes song about a battle between father and son , but since it appears to be missing huge fragments and has some apparently misattributed lines of direct speech , it 's kind of a mess . 
  so this is more or less our best guess as to what it was originally about , but it sounds pretty cool . 
  i am not certain what you are trying to say . 
  are you implying it 's in the refugees nature to be detrimental to the country they come to and education projects for them and their kids as well as intergration efforts ( where we can now , uniquely , try and learn from past mistakes ) will not work ?
