  i attribute this lack of technical and scientific awareness to the success of the anti-nuclear-power movement . 
  they had the right idea ( nuclear waste sucks ) and the data to back it up . 
  problem is , most people only heard of the `` nuclear waste sucks '' argument , decided it 's true , joined in and were on the right side of history without technically knowing why . 
  then came the anti-gmo group . 
  they also started out with solid knowledge , this time of shitty business practices , exploitation of farmers in poorer countries and ignoring problems with certain pesticides/herbicides . 
  this was very solid evidence against certain companies but was this time confused with solid evidence against gmos . 
  so a lot of people joined the anti-gmo movement too . 
  then companies realized they could slap a `` no gmos '' logo on literally everything and mark it up 20 % . 
  and people buy it . 
  this created the perception that gmos themselves are bad and led to a kind of circular argument ( `` why leave them out of food , if they are not bad ? '' ) . 
  you figuratively fight windmills because of this . 
  you point people to data by independent university labs indicating no harmful transfer of transgenic dna from one gmo to another of a different genetic group . 
  they then say `` but what about humans ? '', 
  and `` but do you have evidence they do not transfer and you just missed it ? '' . 
  if you then say that negative results are the only way you can try to show that something is not possible they will of course claim `` it just has not happened yet '' , without even understanding the mechanisms or scientific rigor they are criticizing . 
  it 's maddening . 
  i have considered various times moving to the us , just so i can work on plants and genetic research without fighting 500 pages of useless paperwork just to be allowed to transform 5 fucking arabidopsis plants to check for a specific drought resistance gene . 
  that frog thing is doable in the plant realm , but obviously not 1:1 . 
  accumulation of larger proteins and smaller molecules is a known strategy for improving water accumulation by improving osmotic gradients . 
  this would also work against freezing , to a degree . 
  just off the top of my head . 
  but if that 's the only problem you found with my post , i think i explained things pretty well . 
   mine is a nonsense post ? 
  well , yes . 
  you imply , with no lack of sarcasm , that flying in refugees is a good idea . 
  which i agree with , but the current wave are not all asylum seekers or even stem from a war-torn country . 
  many of those have no claim to asylum here anyway , so we will send them back after processing . 
  they would arrive anyway , on the long route , as flying them in would not make sense as they would be denied in the previous checks and could not leave the plane . 
  and , of course , actually dangerous if pesticides are being pushed by companies without considering degradation products ( glyphosphate potentially degrades into biotically active compounds , which is where the cancer risk thing came from ) . 
  but that is where the science is already solid but we require more regulation and intervention to keep our farmers alive and ( economically ) healthy . 
  most of the shit monsanto pulled that ended up hurting people can be ascribed to them being assholes and using loop holes in regulation coupled with shitty business practices . 
  we have centuries of experience with breeding . 
  most gmo crop projects focus on heightening the expression of traits that are already in the plant or transferring a desirable one from a related plant . 
  stuff that would also be doable with another 200 years of breeding , but for which we do n't have the time . 
  if climate change continues like it does , we need hardier plants with higher yields for less input . 
  our distribution problem will turn into a supply problem if we do not take action . 
  and as i said above , we already use gmos daily . 
  insulin and vitamin c are both produced by gmos ( not plants but rather microbes and fungi , but still ) . 
  google it , it 's actually really cool to learn about . 
  anyway , gmo safety is completely unrelated to monsanto and generally shitty business practices . 
  today we have a very good idea of how genes work and how genetic information is en - and decoded in the cell , how promotor systems can amplify a gene , how silencing with sirnas works ... 
  it 's super complicated but also super useful . 
  one avenue that would be really awesome and is currently being pursued but hamstrung as hell by legislation is research into plant-based gmo systems for drug production . 
  the main challenges are purification of compound and removal of contaminants , but in general , it 's a neat idea . 
  you do n't need big reactors , no high pressure-systems or batch fermentation . 
  you only need a field/greenhouse and your purification system . 
  the enzymes will do the rest for you . 
  it 's all very cool and i am very passionate about it . 
  i know people are scared of new stuff and nobody wants a biotech chernobyl . 
  but it does not have to happen !, 
  if we fund independent research instead of outright banning everything , we can assess potential problems and improve instead of letting china do it and economically and scientifically fuck ourselves . 
  people keep confusing `` wanting to help '' with `` wanting to intentionally cripple our support systems '' . 
  we are , contrary to popular belief , not blind imbeciles conjuring up our own demise . 
  we have critical voices calling for a better strategy to tackle this mess , but we also have super idealistic and super racist idiots on both sides shouting very loudly and taking shit out of context . 
  this leads to two highly entrenched camps of howler monkeys flinging shit over the moderate 's heads and incites people to make comepletely nonsense posts like yours . 
  i am getting close to no longer giving a fuck , because being a moderate just means you get to fight two groups of extremists and want to calm down both the camps that shout `` racists ! '', 
  and those that shout `` hippies ! '', 
  in vaguely accusatory tones . 
  the site claims that gmos themselves are bad and dangerous , but all articles and scientific research keeps going back to roundup and related herbicides/pesticides . 
  they do not have a single link of harm caused to humans by gmos in their harm caused to humans by gmos section . 
  i agree we need regulation in this industry , badly , because abuse and self-conducted studies that over-report efficiency and under-report negative environmental impacts are indeed happening , but scaring people of a technology that has been used ( by way of traditional breeding ) for centuries is a bit dumb . 
  gmos in the sense we talk about today are genes inserted into organisms to produce stuff that they would not otherwise produce ( in that amount ) . 
  for example , we get insulin directly from gmos today , no longer from pig pancreas ( which is great ) . 
  maize as we know it is a highly mutated breed and used to look much more like wheat before breeders selectively grew it in it 's modern shape . 
  genetic modification is not dangerous to humans . 
  you can disrupt an ecosystem and you can introduce a resistance to pesticides ( which are then overused ) that will in turn be harmful to humans , but a living creature of an entirely different genetic group can not transfer anything to you . 
  otherwise you would also be in danger of catching genetic mutations from eating traditionally bred wheat . 
  the genes in that wheat are no different in their appearance from an inserted resistance as they are from a cross-bred one . 
  i worked in grapevine research before , finding out where the resistances that we have in modern cultivars came from . 
  most originate from * vitis cineria * ( north america ) and were inserted in our local cultivars by selective breeding ( * vitis vinifera * ) . 
  by their anti-gmo logic , those cultivars should also be highly dangerous since they contain genes not before found in local grapevine . 
  yet we grow it and drink the wine with no problems . 
  it 's all a very emotional debate with a lot of misrepresentation . 
  talk to some scientists and read some papers . 
  draw your own conclusions . 
  edit : well , that turned into a bit of a rant . 
  sorry about that . 
  working in the field is kind of frustrating at times . 
  if you have morals , you look at all those juicy bayer and basf research projects where you know they expect a certain result , then you look at independent studies where you know they do n't have the money to do what they need to and just get sad . 
  and then people from all sides yell at you for being a shill , a liar , a traitor of the scientific community or a blind , idealistic idiot . 
  it hurts . 
   / r/europe 's unemployed patriots . 
  now that 's a bit of an unfair generalization . 
  while we are doing the right thing , morally , we also need a better plan of attack for processing cases faster and sending those with no valid asylum claim or employment option for traditional immigration back home ( which hopefully is being processed as we speak by the bundestag ) . 
  demanding those plans be made quickly and publicly is not a bad thing . 
  the arguments themselves can be pretty heated and name-calling ( racist , hippies , libtards ... ) is common ( and dumb ) , but the core points are all valid . 
  i have discussed quite a lot with / u/fuzzynutt . 
  he is staunchly anti-immigration but still has valid concerns that do need to be adressed . 
  if your citizens have concerns , it is your duty as a politician to address them and assuage fears with factual information . 
  what ? 
  i did not call anybody names or something . 
  i just continued the sarcasm train to show that , even when companies do shady shit , they often get away with minor losses and a little pr pushing . 
  oh alright . 
  that 's fine then . 
  i have no idea of the true inner workings of hungary 's armed forces , so i kind of went with ours and my best guess . 
  i giggle-snorted when they called the bbc a reliable source . 
  otherwise i agree with debunking phony stories , but most of this can be considered common sense . 
  i think knowing this is even part of the school curriculum here ( not a subject itself , but encouraged ) . 
  we call it quellenkomptenz , basically `` knowing your sources '' and thinking critically about who may write what about which event for what reason . 
  these were 5000 people feeling very strongly about something .
