  stifling that is the stupidest thing you can do . 
  conflicts end faster and with far less bloodshed when you see your opposition as humans with equal rights . 
  student unions , fraternities and self-organized groups of young , educated people in general have been instrumental on uniting germany before the wars . 
  look at our current colours , black , red and gold . 
  those stem from the hambacher fest ( google it , cool story ) where precisely this demographic assembled to make way for a united nation and the european spirit of free exchange of ideas . 
  what we call the `` 68er revolution '' was also heavily influenced by student bodies and most people agree a lot pf good things came from that . 
  sexual liberation , personal freedom and the critical discussion of war-time atrocities . 
  young , educated people have all the potential they need to make a change . 
  for the better . 
  but that requires effort and investing your time . 
  the wave of slacktivism and the idea that authoritarian structures , where you give up responsibilities , are a good thing needs to die before that becomes a reality again . 
  commercial planes do not usually sit around empty for years as speculation objects and third holiday residences . 
   wtf , you think now is the time to be running charities ? 
  how do you expect the world to become a better place without treating others like humans ? 
  the central objective of life is , to me , having the greatest happiness possible for everybody . 
  this means fighting disease , ending wars and giving shelter to those in need . 
  you may not agree , but i will support policies to help those in need over policies that shun people because they are slightly browner . 
  how anybody can even try to demand a return to isolationism and closed borders , to protectionism and nationalism , after what our grandfathers saw 80 years ago i will never understand . 
  dude , that 's basically what luther did and it had a profoundly positive effect on education , equality and the church as an entity . 
  there was also violence , as there is every time some powerful organization feels threatened , but it worked out in the end . 
  military ? 
  guerillia warfare ? 
  what are you on about , exactly ? 
  my entire point is that shooting people has never helped when trying to control big groups . 
  it only leads to more violence . 
  if not to riots from those you keep out then from those inside who 's countrymen you just shot . 
  the reason i brought up their different backgrounds was because you decided to paint them with a brush so broad you could probably colour in the entirety of the red square in two strokes . 
  the image you paint is that of a very homogeneous group of inept cowards , which these people are not . 
  it 's a wild mix of actual war refugees , asylum seekers ( for whatever reason ) and migrants unable to enter on other ways . 
  some traumatized , some with family , some poor , some actually well-off . 
  by assuming that people that have braved the journey on over-capacity boats , crowded trucks and on foot would be scared off by armed guards is arguably more of a naive generalisation . 
  especially when they run out of options and are backed into the proverbial corner . 
  no money , nowhere to run to and the goal so close . 
  do n't you think they would put up a fight ? 
  dude . 
  i was talking about those already here and in camps . 
  think about what this tells them . 
  germany is pretty hard on that . 
  lots of checks in ciritcal fields like construction and seasonal agricultural work ( basically , stuff where you can be an uneducated daylaborer ) . 
  industrial work is often even stricter for insurance purposes , as companies really do not want to fuck themselves when someone loses his dick to the dildo-mould-press in the dildo factory . 
  i am going to assume that it would be effective for precisely 10 minutes , or until the rest of the migrants/refugees everywhere realize that they are apparently no longer considered human , can be killed if someone else around them does something stupid and thus decide to use violence too . 
  that 's an incredibly dumb idea . 
  repression with violence only ever bred more violence . 
  ehhh . 
  i think that has more to do with the green movements gaining some serious momentum and lobbying power . 
  she was staunchly against phasing out nuclear power in the beginning . 
  7 $ for half a liter of weizen ? 
  you are not even painting with kind of a broad brush anymore , you just tossed the can of paint at the canvas . 
  is it so hard to imagine refugees , asylum seekers and migrants as individual humans with their own stories instead of one homogeneous , writhing mass of rape and murder ? 
  or can you just not be arsed ? 
  i mean , what do you gain from writing such an insultingly crass generalization ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_law_for_the_federal_republic_of_germany it was , quite obviously , written after the war . 
   it was approved on 8 may 1949 in bonn , and , with the signature of the western allies of world war ii on 12 may , came into effect on 23 may . 
  its original field of application ( german : geltungsbereich ) comprised the states of the trizone that were initially included in the then west german federal republic of germany , but not west berlin . 
  as i said somewhere else here , i have to concede the clarity aspect . 
  my definition , at least in my head , was shaped by my life here and does not translate well into a concise understanding of the meaning of this phrase . 
  still think it 's beautiful in it 's absoluteness though . 
  that some legislation does amend it in the sense that a penal system for rehabilitation is needed in a real society does not take away from how cool it is that respect and love for others , no matter what , is one of the cornerstones of the founding of this country . 
  in other news : water found to , indeed , be wet . 
  sun also appears to be center of solar system . 
  seriously though , it 's kind of an obvious thing to say , is n't it ? 
  of course a challenging situation involving a highly emotional issue will complicate a discussion about leaving the eu . 
  working with russia ... 
  i am not sure i agree . 
  but assad seems to be our best short-term solution fir stability . 
  mh , i will have to concede the simplicity point . 
  in my head i had this super clean and simple concept built up , but it resulted from years of living and working here and really does not translate well into a definition . 
  he is probably still salty he did n't get to be a martyr in the way he hoped and people do n't even talk about hin anymore . 
  menschenw\u00fcrde is , to my mind , a simple yet elegant concept . 
  you could paraphrase it with `` nobody shall suffer undue harm '' or something , but phrasing it as a simple , all-encompassing statement is beautiful to me . 
  i 'm afraid you misrepresent some things in this comment . 
  people did not do this right after arriving . 
  the stabbig happened when an already highly unstable person got denied asylum in sweden . 
  they were there for quite some time . 
  as far as gangs go ... where do you get this impression ? 
  i know of clashes between people of historically opposed ethnic and religious groups clashing in overburdened camps , but i have not yet heard of actual gangs being formed . 
  every citizen can order a grundgesetz , free of charge , to be mailed to them in germany . 
  it is not yet available in arabic . 
  having both available to compare and learn from context can actually be helpful . 
  that , and you can easily read the german version online . 
  sorry , i seem to not understand what you mean to imply . 
  are you saying we have to look out for extremism and do everything in our power , as a society , to not let this kind of thing happen again , anywhere ? 
  because i agree with that . 
  if you are mocking the current reasoning as a result of collective guilt , i am afraid there is quite a lot about the nuance of how we deal with our past you do not know . 
  the most important things are actually pretty clear . 
  `` die w\u00fcrde des menschen ist unantastbar '' is probably the clearest piece if legislation we have . 
  but i do n't mean to imply this is a bad idea . 
  i actually really like it . 
  we discussed the grundgesetz back in school pretty in-depth . 
  refugees and asylum seekers will not have had the same benefit , so an accessible version in their language is a pretty neat idea . 
  eh , i 'm a fucking nerd and managed to somehow get 30 000 upvotes in the past few years . 
  the points are pretty meaningless because of that . 
  it will take quite a few of these posts to get me below the commenting threshold . 
  the important thing is to break the echo chamber . 
  and the only answers i got were `` no because i say so '' , so my hope is that people will see the big picture and make up their own mind . 
  did you actually try to read up on where that superstition comes from ? 
  it comes from two speeches with each having one sentence entirely taken out of context . 
  the first was that we would not , very specifically , deport syrian asylum seekers back to first contact nations . 
  and only them . 
  everybody else gets the regular treatment .
