  and i agree . 
  the mayor justified this by saying that there is no money to build new housing and the empty flats around the city are `` not suitable '' . 
   transgender classes next ? 
  dude , how the hell did you go from one single exercise about introspection and consequences coming from suicide to transgender rights ? 
  nah man , by that logic reading `` catchers in the rye '' , `` die leiden des jungen werther '' , anne frank 's diary and other sad shit would also be too tough for kids . 
  think back to yourself at that age . 
  you were probably an idiot , but you were also able to learn and reflect . 
  introspection about this kind of stuff is important for a developing brain . 
  i think it would be worse to leave the kids alone with these things . 
  since op deleted his earlier thread , i 'll just crosspost the explanation and site he got the images from : http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_mtdna_haplogroups.shtml  the maps on this page represents the distribution of human mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) haplogroups . 
  a mtdna haplogroup is a group of people sharing the same series of mutations on their mitochondrial genome , which they inherited from a long line of common maternal ancestors . 
  mutations occasionally happen on the mtdna sequence and are inherited by all the descendants of the woman carrying the new mutation . 
  this permits to retrace the genealogical tree of humanity with great accuracy and see patterns in the distribution of shared historical lineages . 
  most major haplogroups are tens of thousands of years old , typically going back to the paleolithic , mesolithic or neolithic . 
  deeper subclades give a view of more recent lineages , some as recent as a few centuries ago . 
  the following maps were compiled with all the latest available mtdna data for each country . 
  and the y-dna maps : http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml  the maps on this page represents the distribution of human y-chromosomal dna ( y-dna ) haplogroups . 
  a y-dna haplogroup is a group of men sharing the same series of mutations on their y chromosome , which they inherited from a long line of common paternal ancestors . 
  a few new mutations , known as snp 's , happen every generation . 
  this allows to retrace the genealogical tree of humanity with great accuracy and see patterns in the distribution of shared historical lineages . 
  most major haplogroups are many thousands of years old , typically going back to the bronze age , neolithic , mesolithic or even paleolithic . 
  the deeper the subclade the more recent the shared ancestor . 
  classifying snp 's into a genealogical order is known as phylogenentics . 
  you can see an example here . 
  the following maps were compiled with all the latest available y-dna data for each country . 
  the maps are frequently updated when new data becomes available . 
  basically , you get mitochondrial dna from your mother and y-dna from your father . 
  it 's helpful for tracking relationships over dozens of generations . 
  yeah , it 's kind of an everyday thing by now . 
  in my hometown we had a huge gardening exhibition planned which had to be postponed a year when construction crews found a bunch of live ordnance while digging up part of what used to be a train station . 
  the americans provided us with maps of their bombing runs , but some of the bombers missed their target and some maps and mission objectives got lost in time and nobody really knows where the bombs from those are . 
  recently they also found a bomb here in aachen , near the westbahnhof . 
  that was also pretty fun , returning from grocery shopping only to find your entire street cordoned off and some cop telling you you better find a place to crash elsewhere . 
  phrasing it as a `` i believe '' question is bad form , i feel . 
  because that gets you both the people that believe in `` ancient aliens '' or `` we are controlled by reptile people '' and the people who actually know that mathematical probabilities indicate we can hardly be alone in the universe . 
  fun fact : the problem in meeting advanced alien life forms is not only the huge distances in space , but also huge distances in time . 
  in the short 10 , 000 years where we have grown our culture and knowledge to the point where we could put some dude into a metal box stacked on top of explosive and shoot him to our closest natural satellite and have him return alive other life forms may have achieved similar things - just millions of years earlier . 
  they may already have died off , or the species that will do it after us may not even have evolved yet . 
  when we finally get off this rock and explore distant parts of our galaxy , we may stumble across the ruins of civilizations that were far more advanced but lived so long ago only fragments of their stuff remain . 
  or we may find a planet that could once have sustained life , but was turned into a wasteland eons before the first monkey even used a stick . 
  this map is not better or worse , it just shows y-chromosal haplogroups ( which you get from your father ) instead of mitochondrial haplogroups ( which you get from your mother ) . 
  if you made it yourself with the data available i applaud the effort , of course . 
  that thing is rough as bloody sandpaper , and you did not really explain very well what it is about , for laymen . 
  for what you are trying to show , i like this site more : http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_mtdna_haplogroups.shtml#h1_h3  the maps on this page represents the distribution of human mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) haplogroups . 
  a mtdna haplogroup is a group of people sharing the same series of mutations on their mitochondrial genome , which they inherited from a long line of common maternal ancestors . 
  mutations occasionally happen on the mtdna sequence and are inherited by all the descendants of the woman carrying the new mutation . 
  this permits to retrace the genealogical tree of humanity with great accuracy and see patterns in the distribution of shared historical lineages . 
  most major haplogroups are tens of thousands of years old , typically going back to the paleolithic , mesolithic or neolithic . 
  deeper subclades give a view of more recent lineages , some as recent as a few centuries ago . 
  the following maps were compiled with all the latest available mtdna data for each country . 
  but i have to agree this is kind of a cool thing to track . 
   but the very fact that germany 's leaders in politics and industry felt compelled to try to control the damage indicated the depth of the wound to the nation 's pride and standing . 
  that 's a bit of a dumb thing to say . 
  if one of your biggest companies gets caught doing shady shit , it 's only logical to take a stance and not let others do the talking for you . 
  in my opinion , the author is projecting a bit too hard by trying to construct a narrative where every german 's personal and national identity is tied to volkswagen . 
  it 's one of our biggest companies , but not the only one and certainly not the most important one . 
  we have other car manufacturers , we have a pretty good high tech sector and in chemical and biological engineering we have basf in ludwigshafen as one of the major global players . 
  it 's also kind of a self fulfilling prophecy : by saying that this stuff damaged germany 's standing as a nation , you force our leaders to defend themselves which is in turn used to say it damaged germany 's standing . 
  overall , a resounding `` meh '' on accuracy and conveying what most people think of that scandal over here . 
  are you fucking with me ? 
  i started this discussion with you to disprove that what the npd is demandibg is in any way new or thought provoking but rather already happening . 
  this flyer is what their flyers usually are : badly disguised and obvious points ( often already in place or being implemented right now ) that play on misconceptions and fears and are thus meant to draw a crowd to their gatherings with the false impression that they are not that insane . 
  once there , they can turn up the nazi dial and say what they actually meant to say . 
  google `` reform asylrecht fl\u00fcchtlinge '' and use google translate on the sources you find . 
  our parliament is currently fast-tracking a reform to speed up asyulm procedures and implement cuts to those denied asylum to facilitate faster deportation . 
  what you read was precisely what this flyer is meant to do . 
  draw a crowd to their public events with reasonable points ( which in this case were taken directly from the reforms we are doing right now anyway ) and then claim those that appeared to these events actually also support the other parts of their ideology . 
  i admire people that managed to avoid reading anything remotely challenging to their world view to the point that they still believe this is about morals and not about our constitution . 
  this is one of the dumber sentences i read today . 
  that picture ... 
  i heard my ankles snap just looking at it . 
  ouch . 
   ( i always calculate weight using my parents ' french sheep dog as a unit , rather than traditional kgs , because i 'm quirky like that ) this made my tumblr sirens blare , but i marched on . 
  this entire thing , the entirety of her complaints can be completely negated by telling the kids to read a fucking book . 
  starting strength is a great way to get into the sport , or the stronglifts site if you are kind of poor . 
  a lot of good and solid advice in there , for nutrition too . 
  and come on ... steroid abuse ? 
  that has nothing to do with working out with heavy weights , it has to do with peer pressure and education . 
  okay , i am usually all for representation and equality . 
  but this entire thing read more like a tumblr rant and less like a news article . 
  who the hell gives a fuck if the person is white , black or orange with green dots as long as they are qualified for the job and do right by their voters ( which is an entirely different problem ) ? 
  minority quotas have never worked out . 
  if you want representation of your particular ethnic group in a certain field or political party , why not join yourself and build it from the ground up ? 
  encourage those you think need to enter to actually do it . 
  complaining to the white guys already there will not make them quit . 
  and you can hardly expect them to step down and abduct some guy a slightly darker shade of brown to take their place . 
  this is a short video ( 1 minute ) showing the frozen rhine in moving images . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsgitmmtwnw the presenter says , roughly : i will now show you a movie presenting the frozen rhine with short clips of video re-discovered by me . 
  it shows a natural spectacle : in 1954 the rhine was frozen over , since the climate was much colder and that year was especially cold . 
  thousands of curious onlookers traveled there to observe it and walk on the never-before seen frozen river . 
  ice floes were damming up the river and allowed for a solid ice cover . 
  this has never happened again since then . 
  and if he is not a complete moron , there will be nothing to indicate he knew anything . 
  i think if anything , there will be national investigations . 
  most pollution guidelines are anchored in eu directives but often-times adjusted by local governments . 
  eu wide fines and court cases are bit more complicated and the cars may not actually violate any guidelines in some countries ( us is very strict when it comes to diesel ) , so the charges will only include deception , not the actual pollution in addition to it . 
  tl , dr translation of most important points : dobrindt claims , of course , he had no idea of what was going on and in turn accuses the greens of manipulating their own information . 
  oliver krischer , vice-president of the greens , stuck to his guns , saying dobrindt could , in the hearings , not remove doubts that his ministry knew what was being done , at least in general , by vw . 
  ha , that 's par for the course . 
  i know some guys from munich that rent out their apartments to tourists for the duration and just visit friends/family or even leave the country entirely .
