  that does not make taking them in more or less right . 
  if anything , they will be more skilled and more valuable to our society than those poor economic migrants that are often blamed for straining our welfare system . 
  blindes huhn findet auch mal ein korn , as they say over here . 
  good on bild , as shit as their paper is , they know how to do big images and big stories . 
  i still remember the front page of bild when ratzinger was made pope : http://www.germanhistorydocs.ghi-dc.org/images/2005-04-20%20b%20-%20wir%20sind%20papst1.jpg ca n't beat that kind of dumb-but-euphoric headline . 
  they are popular for a reason , and it 's not good research . 
  yeah , but against that you can always argue and provide facts indicating the opposite . 
  and i am afraid the pendulum might to a 180 when the french teacher cracks down so hard that he drives away all dissenting opinions . 
  i was under the impression the misfires under high temperatures and investigation into those really happened . 
  care to elaborate on what 's wrong about this ? 
  pretty much . 
  the fear mongering of a `` large scale attack like 9/11 ! '', 
  is pretty annoying because it completely ignores the amount of planning that has to go into such an attack . 
  if they decided to get training with isis , then come back as a refugee , register as coming out of syria and then plan such an attack we would most likely find them . 
  just the resources alone ( explosives , guns ) would be super hard to get without being noticed as a normal citizen in our highly regulated country . 
  if they are also refugees from syria the intelligence agencies will probably keep quite the eye on them . 
  the intelligence people are not the incompetent idiots some believe them to be . 
  german law enforcement stopped quite a lot of plots already : http://www.rp-online.de/politik/deutschland/vereitelte-terroranschlaege-in-deutschland-bid-1.2101505, 
  in that case , sorry op . 
  the article states `` due to technical fault '' . 
  if they did not change it in the last 10 minutes , you editorialized this quite a bit . 
  i clicked expecting a nationwide catastrophe , not a server-shutdown . 
  even if his pretense is just banning racists and trolls ... 
  he obviously went overboard and i really do n't want this to become an echochamber . 
  that would kill the spirit of diverse opinions and stifle debate . 
  he is supposedly a teacher , but i do n't know if there 's still holidays going on in france at the moment , so he may have a lot of free time . 
  but if he manages to spend all his work day redditing on while he should be teaching kids , that is definitely unhealthy for all concerned . 
   25 years ago . 
  35 , actually . 
  it was in 1980 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oktoberfest_terror_attack the situation today is a bit different and the event is a liiiittle bit better secured i would argue . 
  nice . 
  the terrorists succeeded with you . 
  you now fear all brown people and create more hate to help them recruit . 
  that , i would like to see . 
  mutti is very good at not getting angry . 
  she 's teflon-merkel for a reason . 
  i trust in our intelligence services to keep our butts safe enough to go about our daily life without a plane dropping on our heads . 
  if it should happen , i do not think we would see a violent backlash . 
  all responses by merkel have been very calculated and measured . 
  some right-wing idiots might try to burn a refugee camp or d\u00f6nerladen , but i do n't think the public at large would resort to violence . 
  well , imagine you are in their position . 
  would you rather give up your luxuries and power , live a simple life as the pope wishes all men of the faith should ? 
  or would you try to remain in the cushy position you built for yourself over years of networking and collusion ? 
  of course you would rather defend the status quo . 
  especially if you are an old fart that 's no longer flexible enough to accept change . 
  nsfw !, 
  ( bunch of people go down ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bk7yauwg1_o it 's a lot of run and gun tactics . 
  aim seems to be secondary . 
  http://www.donaukurier.de/nachrichten/topnews/deutschland-kriminalitaet-bnd-chef-haelt-deutsche-is-kaempfer-fuer-kanonenfutter;art154776,3118266 our head of the intelligence office ( bnd ) himself thinks those guys are just cannonfodder recruited to bolster ranks and gather support . 
  they are not useful beyond the ability to hold a rifle and point it vaguely towards an infidel . 
  and what do you suppose that would be ? 
  bombing the oktoberfest ? 
  someone knocking over the eiffel tower ? 
  because we had plenty of small-to-mid-scale terrorist attacks ( madrid , london , charlie hebdo , the train thing , a bunch of stopped ones in germany ) and security is pretty damn tight . 
  airplane -  tower will probably not work this time . 
  zwei sounds sharper and more aggressive . 
  arrrr . 
  bbc has been on an anti-merkel romp lately , just check the editorialized and mis-translated headlines all over / r/europe ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34173720 for example : `` occupy '' is entirely the wrong word in this context , rather `` keep busy '' ) . 
   `` deutschland schafft sich ab '' , which was a phantasy novel just an anecdote , our local bookstore actually had it filed under `` fantasy '' . 
  also :  merkiavelian kek, 
  i like that it just says / r/all . 
  know that feel , man . 
  as soon as someone brings up `` but muslims hate gay people '' and i decide to argue against them i can prepare to give last rites to my karma . 
  2 hours older than the merkel mis-translation by the bbc , yet almost 100 fewer upvotes . 
  yes , people actually trusting in their education system may be a foreign concept in a place that produces racists such as you , but it happens . 
  why are people sharing this photo again ? 
  most of those guys are just people with darker skin , they do n't wear `` we r migrant '' patches . 
  you can not ascertain that they are refugees , migrants or illegals in any way beyond them being brown . 
  but nice strawman . 
  sh , xenophobia is currently quite popular , especially when you have no understanding of the culture you fear beyond `` hurr terrorists and rapists ! '', 
  so we need better programs for education and integration of second-generation migrants . 
  that is literally a lesson we learned from history . 
   because one group is afraid everyone else is out to get them , the other just wants everybody to sing kumbaya , and the third does n't give a fuck . 
  you just described my countries political landscape in one sentence . 
  it 's a fancy way of saying `` if they were denied the right to stay and have no perspective of being allowed in using another bureaucratic pathway they need to leave '' . 
  we love our bureaucracy , so it 's quite possible there are a few other avenues to try and be allowed to stay in germany the migrants ( since they are no longer refugees ) have not exhausted yet but will forseeably not work out for them . 
  nah , you misunderstood this . 
  as long as they are here , on our soil , they get support . 
  even if the have to leave , until they left the country . 
  that support is now reduced to facilitate a speedier removal of rejected applicants , since they can not afford to stick around as long . 
  the idea behind financing them until they left without immediate cut-off was actually to enable them to get their affairs in order before leaving the country ( i.e. 
  apply for jobs back home , have someone do it for you , find a place to stay when you get back , transport to your home town ... ) , but since that system saw a bit of abuse , it is being adjusted . 
   a meek politician that opens an umbrella when it 's raining in berlin i do n't really agree with you on wanting an ultra-conservative xenophobe , but that figure of speech is really , really good . 
  well , if you give me a few days , a welder and steel plating it should do decently , but like it is ... 
  they would either flip me or just blast me off of it . 
  you can not measure `` being productive '' only in monetary value . 
  what the hell . 
  food is literally the one thing we constantly need to produce to survive as a species . 
  modern farming systems require huge inputs , thus the margin of profit is rather low . 
  but if we insist on getting our food from a capitalist market instead of a subsidized , state-run economy that is focused on production quality and not on profit we have to live with the fact that people will quite literally not be able to make a living as farmers . 
  this will in turn lead to a decrease in produce coming from within the country and lead to vast amounts of unused , barren land and decrepit farms falling into disrepair . 
  if that is what you want , by all means . 
  but when it comes to my food , i would rather have there be a net loss than having to rely on imports that could stop randomly . 
  yeah , did n't say it 's unfair by the others ( hell , we would probably do exactly the same thing and flood a foreign market if we had the advantage ) , but by our politicians that fuck over the farmers on the one hand and then subsidize them with our tax money on the other . 
  it 's actually fucking dumb . 
  i can only support you in this . 
  we produce wine back home ( doing my masters right now , so i can only occasionally help my dad out ) and a functioning tractor is the single most important thing next to expertise . 
  wine is a bit more cushy than animals , but it 's still a hard job . 
  and keeping our 25 year old , no-cabin renault running with hammers and duct-tape is the only alternative to giving in and buying an expensive-as-fuck new ford or jd . 
  some regions ( like here in germany ) have their own limits on production ( we produce wine , so i know of those ) while other countries do n't , so they flood the market with cheap masses and you can only sell less for the same cheap price or ( what we do ) go up and sell more expensive stuff that 's better/fills the `` luxury '' niche more .
