  but dairy farmers can not do that , since milk is not like wine something you can refine and age and build up to your desired level of awesome . 
  it 's just milk , which you have to sell in bulk . 
   farmers who are not doing anything productive literally producing wheat , milk and meat is not productive ? 
  eh , not necessarily . 
  the tractor might just be too light to push that armored personnel carrier , but it do n't know it 's specs , so i ca n't really tell . 
  jd actually push their machines pretty heavily with financing solutions and competitive pricing ( here in germany ) . 
  they mostly make it back over maintenance contracts with the seller . 
  the only other financially viable option is to keep your shitty old no-cabin renault running for as long as humanly possible with a hammer and some duct tape . 
  how the hell else do you propose to give a country money if not as loans ? 
  we do not reasonably expect the cash to come back to us in the next 100 years , so they can do whatever the hell they please with it . 
  if you maneuvered yourself in such a shitty position with years of mismanagement and kept silent about it until it nearly killed the euro , you better be fucking sorry and take what we give you to bail your ass out . 
  planet earth . 
  weather . 
  heat . 
  storms . 
  more difficult agriculture . 
  starving . 
  wait , you mean like in an actual democracy ? 
  so the syrian civil war started with `` pls come '' ? 
  i think assad would like to have a word . 
  people have been fleeing africa and the middle east for decades . 
  i am sorry , is merkel sitting behind your head of state , holding a gun to their head ? 
  i do n't see the force here . 
  well , better not to tell theit citizens than tell them merkel wants to eat their babies i guess . 
  because that seems tk be the gist of what is consensus in greece . 
  that last one is a movie quote . 
  he brought in culture and terrorists . 
  just sayin ' , there are apparently some guys still mighty sore about it ... [ just ask the topgear guys ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/news/jeremy-clarkson-and-top-gear-crew-anticipated-result-of-disrespectful-falklandsthemed-licence-plate-judge-rules-10204021.html ), 
  i never understood this argument . 
  `` they are a few shades whiter and probably do n't pray to mecca , so let 's consider them more human with some more human rights than those slightly browner humans that are obviously less human '', 
  mainly because entering a sovereign nation and imposing your rules is usually frowned upon . 
  argentina would like a word ... 
  what ? 
  i thought op was implying that germany was starting a rape and crime epidemic or something . 
  i just showed that historically , migrants were actually better behaved than germans in their specific socioeconomic class . 
   i think residential batteries are also subsidized by the kfw . 
  yep , we are a weingut and we strapped some solar panels to our roof and did the math . 
  it was actually more profitable to also go for the kfw assisted battery . 
  surprisingly , a brutal dictator violently fighting against a rebellion while a terrorist group occupies and terrorizes parts of his country does not want any foreign military on his soil . 
  nah , just general germans and ( working/non-working ) migrants . 
  yes , this is one case . 
  very well done . 
  it 's called scandal because it is an unprecedented case that shatters public perception . 
  which translates to :  [ ... ] provides proof that the ( non-german ) working migrants adhere to local laws at least as well as germans . 
  observing class as a factor now enables the conclusion that the ( non-german ) working migrants are even more law-abiding than germans in a similar sozio ( economic ) situation . 
  but it 's from 2008 , so maybe migrants suddenly became possessed by rape demons . 
  edit : and more downvotes for science . 
  love you too , fear mongers . 
  which translates to :  provides proof that the ( non-german ) working migrants adhere to local laws at least as well as germans . 
  observing class as a factor now enables the conclusion that the ( non-german ) working migrants are even more law-abiding than germans in a similar sozio ( economic ) situation . 
  edit : downvoted for a genuine scientific source . 
  gg wp / r/europe , wp . 
   so it 's better to leave them while you run away ... 
  yes , leave them in a safe but perspective-less refugee camp until you can get them over . 
  and refugees get sent back home when the country is safe again , migrants stay . 
  important distinction . 
  the only sources i find googling `` rape muslim europe '' are right-wing and conspiritard bullshit . 
  a continent-wide , clearly two-sided war where you defend your homeland is entirely different from the clusterfuck that is happening in syria right now . 
  you have the government vs. the rebels , you have isis vs. literally everybody else and you have smaller clans disputing over lands . 
  it 's a mess , and you ca n't just pick a side without risking your entire family . 
  that said , my grandfather fought the americans and got shot in the leg ( almost took it off , had trouble walking his whole life ) , and he flat-out told me the other village boys that were conscripted and forced to fight and him made a pact to immediately surrender when they were separated from their co ( who threatened to shoot them should they surrender ) . 
  ah , the old `` muslims come to rape our women in the rape mosque '' fear mongering . 
  you forgot the part where they want to make it mandatory to give your daughter over to the local rape-mosque so they can be muslim-raped by muslim-rapists . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  this guy would rather have you die in a pointless war with too many factions than be a productive member of society in another country !, 
  palm , meet face . 
  this fucking guy is providing ammunition for months that assholes will use to deny any people are legitimately fleeing persecution and war ... 
  are you implying they come to europe to marry and subsequently mistreat a woman ? 
  what the tits ? 
  that is a very simplistic view of how a democratic union of sovereign nations works . 
  wait , why would that be relevant ? 
  `` once here '' would probably mean part of the workforce and the kids would probably have a chance at a good education and becoming productive members of society . 
  why would comebatting an aging society be bad ? 
  so : avoid camps , help them integrate , avoid problems . 
  it 's basic empathy and social understanding , not rocket science . 
  orrr you have a persecution complex and believe everyone is either incompetent or malicious because you otherwise can not justify denying help to those in need . 
  do we have a golden throne yet ? 
  we should build one , just in case there is some kind of ... heresy ... in the future . 
  better also keep an eye on guys named horus . 
  if half their voterbase dies off and the other half is scratching by just above the poverty line , i am sure they will either adapt or be replaced . 
  demographic change is not real , apparantly . 
  and japan has no problems with an aging society . 
  nope . 
  well i am sure he would love to if you asked nicely . 
  this . 
  even most hardcore cdu/csu voters saw the embaressment that was heidenau and were pissed about how it was handled . 
  we do have intelligence services which we permit to invade our private life like fucking idiots , those guys better have some databases chock-full of surveillance data on isis camps and recruitment contacts . 
  fear immigrants spooky scary immigrants now also with isis for more spook . 
  booooooooooo !, 
  you do see that the super low resolution comparison you posted shows that the facial scar of the fighter on the left goes down further ( to his mouth ) than the similar one on the dude on the right ? 
  it also very conveniently has ears/hairline covered in one image and eyes on the other , so as to make any meaningful comparison beyond a low-resolution facial scar very hard . 
  source please . 
  or better yet , more evidence . 
  i wonder what those members can achieve when stuck in a refugee camp and getting registered . 
  they would probably have an easier time smuggling themselves in alone with a lower risk of getting found out . 
  as evidenced by all of us taking the guy seriously . 
  well , he might tell them the dutch have planes . 
  and helicopters . 
  maybe even armed ones . 
  do you see the flag next to my name ?
