  the rest is generally money-related . 
  yet the arguments were the same - they will never integrate , they are violent by nature , they will take our jobs , they will leech from our benefits ... 
  the same , tired clich\u00e9s that never hold up in reality . 
  one side will trot out anecdotal evidence of some migrant punching some dude or stealing , the other side will show a story of a local shopkeeper that employed migrants and was very successful and ultimately it will be a waste of everybody 's time . 
  why ? 
  because these people are here right now , history is currently happening . 
  we can only decide to help out or not help out and deal with the consequences either way . 
  history will judge if we did the right thing , and going by past history , shutting yourself in and demonizing and entire ethnicity is usually what leads to terrible outcomes , not accepting them . 
  what . 
  you honestly believe that ? 
  you honestly believe germany will rise again as a fascist superpower and pull europe into a spiral of war and destruction ? 
  what a ridiculous idea . 
  we are as peaceful as they come . 
  we would n't hurt anybody . 
  * wacht am rhein plays in the distance * i am only half joking here , the idea really is rather silly and indicates a bit of a lack of understanding of our current constitutional safeguards . 
  purposefully confusing refugee , aslyum seeker and migrant is a popular tactic to muddle the discussion . 
  he was implying people are impossible to be tracked once they entered a country . 
  he ignores the fact that they are neither eligible for housing nor for benefits if they do not get registered ( with or without original papers ) and that their picture will be taking in processing stations and checked against criminal databases . 
  people were projecting that exact sentiment decades ago with guest workers and refugees from eastern europe ( and workers from portugal and italy and refugees from africa before that ) . 
  history is going in a bit of a circle here , you get people displaced by war and poverty , then you get reactionaries in their country of destination proclaiming the end of all prosperity and lawfulness . 
  then there is data to show this is not happening . 
  then others will project a rise of the radical right . 
  it 's all very tiresome , but ultimately ineffective . 
  the worst right-wing incident we had in the past years was [ the nsu terrorist group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) , and that one only sucked so hard because police initially did n't believe in the idea of right-wing terrorist attacks . 
   in some german cities the police has simply given up , citizens do n't feel safe in their neighbourhood , women get raped and all of this is ignored by the media . 
  i would love some sources on this , because i am german , and i have not heard of this in any way . 
  not even in completely retarded facebook forwards . 
  this sounds like serious fear mongering to me . 
  if the rise of nazi ideology is what you fear , you are seriously not helping by spreading this . 
    honest question - what system is there to prevent immigrants from stealing , raping and murdering ? 
   none . 
  that is why this is a disgrace . 
  you go by quite a lot of assumptions . 
  these hypothetical supervillains that murder , rape and steal with no consequence would , if they were first registered as asylum seekers and then escaped to another country , not receive any benefits unless registered there . 
  their picture would be taken , among personal data . 
  they would also receive a visa like a eu citizen . 
  without any of those things they would not get anything and be essentially invisible . 
  and living in essential invisibility is not something unique to migrants . 
  if you wanted to , you could do that too . 
  ditch your phone , passport and all identifying stuff on you and run off . 
  you could , but you would not be able to work or receive any benefits . 
  additionally , we have a mechanism in the eu to find and prosecute dangerous individuals across borders : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_arrest_warrant the dreadful scenario you paint is highly unlikely to happen and not specific to refugees/migrants . 
  anybody could do that , if they somehow managed to dodge all safeguards and police measures . 
  but they would , again , not have money , housing or work . 
   honest question - what system is there to prevent immigrants from stealing , raping and murdering ? 
  the law ? 
  because like all people living in a country , they are prosecuted and punished according to that law . 
  you assume that a refugee/migrant ( two distinct groups you are conflating , i think ) would go on a crime spree and get away by escaping to a different country . 
  this is unlikely to work , as we have , among other mechanisms , this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_arrest_warrant so if ever someone would become a serious criminal like you suggest and then leg it to another eu country in search for asylum they could easily be sent back if caught . 
  in this hypothetical other country they would also not be eligible for benefits in any way unless registered , and this registration would probably reveal their identity quickly enough . 
  thank you very much , google translate is super annoying when it comes to nuance and words with multiple implied meanings . 
  what makes you think , specifically , that a person like hitler could get into power today ( by '33 i assume you mean hitler 's [ machtergreifung ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/machtergreifung ) ) ? 
  we have democratic safeguards in place today , the weimar republic was kind of a mess . 
  our right-wing and nazi parties struggle to even achieve 3 % of the votes . 
  i am not sure how you go from `` we do not let people go and do more damage '' to `` against our citizens own interest '' . 
  can you tell me what , exactly , does not serve our best interest in not fucking the entire world further ? 
  first of all , skin colour is meaningless to the majority of the population here in germany . 
  you will not be likely to have any problems there , especially if you speak the language . 
  we germans love our engineers . 
  i am on aachen at the moment , arguably the city in germany with the most engineering students . 
  if you bring the qualifications , we will be happy to take you . 
  thanks . 
  i am on mobile and could not check but suspected the daily mail had finally found the letter by feminist organizations that was specifically retracted because the women wanted to see conditions in the camps improve and not a push against asylum seekers . 
  believe it or not , our state not only has the duty to protect it 's citizens but also to support stability in the world . 
  that includes not letting your citizens destabilize a foreign nation further . 
  but you have nothing to hide , do you ? 
  / s obviously, 
  that is a very simplistic view of a very broad and multi-layered ideology that has many different levels of what constitutes a hardline supporter . 
   communism includes a variety of schools of thought , which broadly include marxism , anarchism ( anarchist communism ) and the political ideologies grouped around both . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communism i assume your definition focuses on the anarchism-heavy subset . 
  these comments are pretty suspicious and misrepresent facts with a pretty clear spin . 
  but they could quite honestly also be people that just feel very strongly about something . 
  ca n't prove anything , i fear . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maryam_namazie  maryam namazie ( persian : \u0645\u0631\u06cc\u0645 \u0646\u0645\u0627\u0632\u06cc ) ( tehran , 1966 ) is an iranian-born secularist and human rights activist , commentator and broadcaster . 
  she is spokesperson for iran solidarity , one law for all and the council of ex-muslims of britain . 
  she is , in my opinion , not the type of person to promote hate speech or anything . 
  student councils are often filled with very idealistic young people , and among those political correctness is very popular right now . 
  i am fairly certain nobody asked any actual muslims at the school about this that were not involved in the council or even held a poll . 
  most would probably shrug . 
  even if you think her ideas may be offensive - this is a university , a place to learn and challenge your own prejudice . 
  that the students could not deal with something that goes against their world view would be very indicative of them not belonging there . 
   maryam namazie ( persian : \u0645\u0631\u06cc\u0645 \u0646\u0645\u0627\u0632\u06cc ) ( tehran , 1966 ) is an iranian-born secularist and human rights activist , commentator and broadcaster . 
  she is spokesperson for iran solidarity , one law for all and the council of ex-muslims of britain . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maryam_namazie what about this woman indicates she would be doing anything close to hate speech ? 
  ex-muslims offer important insight into the culture and it 's bad sides you will often-times not get from true believers or recent converts . 
  this is a very stupid case of over-sensitive student councils . 
  i bet you 50 bucks that they did not even hold a poll or ask more than two muslims what they think about it . 
  it 's a classic political correctness move that hurts your ideals more than it helps . 
  i am surprised you apparently did not read any of the provided background information . 
  what , precisely , is so wrong that you would expect riots ? 
   no go ahead and down vote this . 
  do n't encourage them , i have not seen the `` controversial '' - marker as often since i use reddit as i have seen it here in the past 2 weeks . 
  i did not call for using those now , obviously . 
  i like not being curfew 'd and potentially shot for looking a bit to suspicious . 
  he generally said all laws still apply in emergencies , i provided evidence to the contrary . 
  yeah , some people seem to be under the impression that refugees are 1 . ), 
  a homogeneous group 2 . ), 
  fleeing the middle ages instead of a war, 
  apparently - there is even a bored-looking middle aged woman in the background of this very narrow photograph that the photographer probably could not avoid . 
  but some context would be nice .
