  the second was our government saying we can handle 800.000 asylum seekers . 
  which is true . 
  this does not mean we take in almost a million people , it means we can process this number with the now-being-implemented fast-track camps and quicker deportation ( including benefit cuts to encourage getting out on your own time ) . 
  this has somehow been misrepresented as `` germany and sweden want everyone to come '' . 
  that 's ridiculous , of course , and it really does not help potential refugees understand this if * the right wing camps also spread it * . 
  the `` we need a younger workforce '' thing is another entirely different problem where the speech was also very specific to qualified migrants and refugees * we could not legally deny asylum * and who thus would need to be integrated into our society and workforce . 
  can we please stop with the narrative that anybody is importing anything ? 
  even the article itself states his claim was rejected . 
  nobody told him to come , he was not even allowed to stay . 
  short of shooting people at borders , you will likely not be able to stop them completely without mass riots . 
  the best we can do is deal with it and solve the source of the problem . 
   the entire article comes across as an apology for murder . 
  i do n't think i agree with you , there . 
  it is described in great detail that the issue is complicated , but nowhere is the murder claimed to be less terrible of an event . 
  the article just aims to explain how far-right groups and an overzealous media managed to construct an islamist narrative out of this case , when the facts were by far not as clearly pointing at a terrorist motive . 
  oh boy , her source [ 1 ] links to a c : drive on a computer if you mouse over it . 
  i am so sorry , but i had to stop reading because that made me giggle . 
  will be back with a full opinion , hopefully . 
  edit : all sources do . 
  this is almost as good as the un report . 
  edit 2 : skimmed the thing , it 's long , convoluted , prejudiced and kind of a mess . 
  what stuck out to me was using an indiana jones movie ( specifically , a very funny scene ) as a very serious political metaphor . 
   in one scene of the raiders of the lost ark , a blockbuster film of the 1980s featuring harrison ford as indiana jones , [ 18 ] the main character is being threatened by a fighter dressed in black tribal outfit waving the sword he inherited from his ancestors in a show of ancient martial art , without however making a great impression on indiana jones , who grabs his colt an shoots him dead . 
  that scene is a good example of the difficulties and even the impossibility sometimes of communication between two different cultures . 
  sorry , i am out . 
  i can not take this woman seriously in the slightest . 
  i will try and find what she actually means to say between vague accusations of the `` west '' being soft and indecision killing everybody , but clear points appear to be lacking . 
  edit 3 :  is one of hungary 's best-known historians and a leading adviser to prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n right , that explains why a supposed scientist is so biased and polemic in an essay . 
  edit 4 :  the extent of the danger can not be downplayed by anyone who has attentively read the lines above . 
  germans have reached a point where they are left without one single person who would define him - or herself a proud german patriot and who would be ready to stand up for his or her countrymen . 
  okay , what !? 
  being a patriot in the sense that the best thing you can find about yourself being your country is kind of a sad outlook on life . 
  she appears to be wanting us to go back to nationalism , the precise trigger for wwii , in order to avoid doing something like wwii to europe , which she is apparently vaguely scared of . 
  holy moley , this articles is a wild ride . 
  if you have the time , i encourage you to make sense of it . 
  i am done . 
  the run-on sentences , formatting and weird citations ( often being a single sentence completely out of context ) are putting me off too much . 
  huh . 
  cool , was not aware people used that thing . 
  might be because i am still pretty young in the field , most papers are apparently pre-2010 and not about stuff i am usually concerned with as a mere labrat . 
  postdocs are usually deeper in the citing and writing . 
  thanks for providing some insight . 
  may actually have been due to my own bubble of ignorance here . 
  edit : your citations there also include an actual book from the 60s about finding actual trees called `` tree finder '' :d https://scholar.google.fr/scholar?cites=13890296115708473892&amp;as_sdt=2005&amp;sciodt=0,5&amp;hl=de oh and this one . 
  did you stop reading before you reached my last sentence ? 
  right , m. sc . 
  i am heavily involved in genetic engineering and creation of plant genome libraries ( grapevine and barley ) . 
  this software looks useful , but it 's not like we have n't got a lot of alternatives out there . 
  those one-man tools are useful for cash-strapped institutes and in the context of teaching , but i think this guy severely overestimates how wide-spread his software is . 
  never heard of it , never used it . 
  i 'll ask some colleagues via whatsapp if they know this guy or his software , let 's see how far this goes . 
  edit : updates from freiburg , aachen , braunschweig , and boston - nobody in the room with the colleagues i could reach right now seems to even be aware this software exists . 
  to quote my best friend from back in my bachelor 's :  no idea who this guy is , but he seems to be an idiot . 
  edit 2 : his download page is also a sight to behold : http://www.treefinder.de/downloads.html  i have not yet been rewarded for my work . 
   i think we need a completely different political system . 
   nobody should depend on employers and landlords . 
   nobody should be profitable for someone rich . 
   nobody should have to pay rent , have to migrate . 
   most of all , we must limit private property . 
   we must expropriate the rich . 
   free land for all !, 
   occasionally , one can download treefinder from here . 
   a very small elite of very rich people is trying to establish a new world order , and the scientific system is being misused to promote their goals . 
  i am beeing oppressed and i can not work as a scientist , because my traditional views and values conflict with that elite 's doctrine . 
  i am being oppressed , because i am not willing to migrate , not willing to serve . 
  because i insist to be free . 
  evil old men rule the world . 
   below are web links to background information , which i will occasionally update . 
  for legal reasons - thoughts are not free - i must stress that i do not support all of the views presented there . 
  but they all contain some part of the truth . 
  edit 3 : my old lab supervisor from my thesis answered , apparently the lab uses it and i just never saw it there because the new projects did n't need it . 
  he was also highly confused by this guy 's current statements . 
  apparently his descent into madness was kinda gradual . 
   only rare cultures are trained to deal with overcrowding ( e.g. 
  japanese ) . 
  and that went along with seriously violent expansions policies which took a few centuries and two nuclear bombs to contain . 
  hyperbole , of course , but you can construct a narrative that literally any culture is violent from history . 
   they do n't want middle-eastern refugees in europe because their religion and cultures have a track record of intolerance and violence . 
  historically , so does christianity . 
  witch trials , crusades , undue involvement in politics . 
  just sayin ' . 
   on 25 december 800 , pope leo iii crowned the frankish king charlemagne as emperor , reviving the title in western europe after more than three centuries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_roman_empire without the pope , we would never have had our first major inner-european empire . 
  we had a big enlightenment period and secularization movement , though . 
   this is what happens when you have a huge amount of people coming from very violent countries . 
  they ( the people we will accept as refugees ) are specifically fleeing the violence . 
  these are people , individuals . 
  not the fucking borg collective . 
  you get unstable characters with ptsd , guys with severe anxiety , guys with violent tendency and those just wishing to live their life in peace . 
  one person ( with a potentially declined asylum application and personal history you do not know ) proves nothing about an entire country . 
  you are not so much painting with a broad brush as you are smashing the entire fucking paint can into the canvas . 
   meanwhile merkel letting everyone know there 's room for 800,000 migrants in germany while at the same time people are complaining that most are n't integrating and some could be radicalized , while most are n't even syrian refugees . 
  no , merkel and company said , very specifically , we can manage 800.000 asylum seekers , which does not mean `` take in '' but rather `` process '' , for which we are building new facilities and creating faster mechanism * right now * . 
  if you stopped twisting their words , maybe misconceptions like these would not actually spread far enough to encourage people . 
  just a thought . 
   not blaming merkel for the cop being stabbed , but promoting such a huge flow of people has it 's very serious dangers and a cop being stabbed could be seen as a minor incident 6 months from now . 
  `` not saying i blame her , but i blame her '' your doomsday scenario is also kind of weaksauce , since you extrapolate from 1 incident that 's major fucking news to `` yeah , gon na be pretty common in half a year '' . 
  why do you think these things are news and even a small brawl in a single refugee center makes international frontpage news ? 
  because it is * rare * and thus news worthy . 
  a person putting the situation some people face into perspective and trying to understand the `` why '' ( important in any crime ) is now an apologist ?
