  humour is my kryptonite . 
  ease of travel , seeing each other without bureaucracy and so on , mate . 
   being a gamergater , i suppose you know how often you people have summarily been called misogynist everythingphobic rapists ? 
  res tag ? 
  or stalked my comment history ? 
   you also really have to differentiate between unsubstantiated claims and factual statements . 
  `` cameron proposes to turn back refugees and instead focus on fixing their home countries '' is a good factual statement . 
  `` cameron also offers no plan on how exactly to achieve this '' is also a factual statement . 
  `` brits are a xenophobic bunch of motherfuckers '' is obviously insulting and a sweeping generalization . 
  i also realize that `` call out culture '' is a toxic bunch of shit , obviously . 
  but as with all things , it can be necessary to show what 's wrong with a particular stance . 
  in my argument , i merely wanted to show how it is morally wrong to let people die because you do n't want to spend any resources on helping them . 
  and this is factually what cameron advocates , since sending them back to the country where they first entered the eu will inadvertently overload that country and make their situation there much worse . 
  edit : also , awesome name, 
  mh , ca n't really argue with that , since it also falls under human empathy . 
  though i would love for someone to actually do the math on this and if it is financially possible to actually help your own disadvantaged population and refugees . 
  maybe a dumb question , as i do n't read it , but is the guardian really generally that badly researched ? 
   these articles are really about having a crack at the conservative government than showing how our services are at breaking point . 
  okay , now i feel a bit ignorant . 
  i was under the impression i read actual news articles , but you make it sound like i linked left-wing propaganda . 
  i also feel a bit sad that you think `` eh , good enough '' when it comes to your welfare system being in the upper-middle-class of `` good systems '' instead of thinking `` we can do better '' . 
  what better things are there to spend money on than infrastructure , education and helping out those in need ? 
  great to know . 
  i read things like this : http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/conservative-welfare-cuts-will-push-britains-mental-health-services-towards-crisis-1494815 and this : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/britain-faces-food-poverty-national-crisis-because-of-government-welfare-reforms-bishops-warn-9140442.html and think to myself : this is quite possibly bad for their citizens . 
  care to explain why these articles are wrong ? 
  i really want to understand this . 
  ... both ? 
  because there is a bit of truth in that statement as well as a lot of bitter sarcasm . 
  it 's a very english thing to say . 
  there is a multitude of reasons for that , many of which are still being studied by economists and social sciences alike . 
  from what i saw , this is a nice primer : http://www.economicshelp.org/macroeconomics/unemployment/causes/ though what holds true today i can not say without looking into for more than an hour . 
  it literally says 27 % remain unfilled for three months . 
  so i question how much of that link you actually read . 
  [ 49 % of all job vacancies across the uk remain unfilled after 30 days , and 27 % after 3 months ] ( http://www.onrec.com/news/news-archive/%e2%80%9830-day-tipping-point%e2%80%99-uk-employers-that-fail-to-recruit-within-30-days-could-see - ) oh my look at all those jobs overflowing with applications edit : excuse the sarcasm , did n't mean to be rude . 
  i am mainly frustrated arguing against windmills here , but you guys seem willing to engage . 
  so , sorry . 
  looking in from the outside , you seem to be cutting assistance for your working poor and systematically bleeding medical institutions dry so they can only afford to help those that can pay . 
  but that may just be my distorted commie kraut view of your policies . 
  oh , criticism is fine . 
  but germany does not , in fact , hold power over anybody . 
  we can argue that european nations need to share the economic and social responsibilities and call out xenophobes and hate-mongers that would rather lock out the starving and persecuted than be accepting of them . 
  if that is bullying to you , you might need to think again about where you stand , morally speaking . 
  because if you are morally and factually in the right , there is no reason to be afraid of others calling you out . 
  if you fear reprehension due to being called out on what you do , you are obviously doing things you know are wrong . 
  and cameron is an indecisive cunt when it comes to intervention in the refugees ' country of origin , so there will be no fix in the foreseeable future . 
  which in turn means we can only decide to take in the refugees or let them die while their home countries burn . 
   of course it is important to help them but it is not possible to help everyone . 
  what kind of unsubstantial claim is this ? 
  got the numbers ? 
  the quotas ? 
  how do you back this up ? 
  i say take those in that flee war and persecution , then help out in fixing their home . 
  the only thing in our way is political indecision and fear mongering . 
  if europe would share the load ( and not just the benefits ) of having a great union of states , we could accomplish quite a lot more . 
   stand up to germany and france on certain issues you act like these countries are bullies . 
  if you have to `` stand up '' to saving other people and sharing the responsibility for those without a safe home you might be morally in the wrong . 
  cameron says so many nice things along the lines of `` we need to stop the source of the refugees '' , but he is staunchly opposed to any kind of intervention . 
  it 's only shifting the problem to another area of utter indecision . 
  edit : i would like an answer as to why , according to cameron , the first contact-nations like hungary have to take care of more refugees than other union nations . 
  pretty dick move , there . 
  because , looking at his comment history , he is staunchly anti-refugee and would rather overload the safe countries they enter first when reaching europe than share the load . 
   kids , drug adicts and art students that 's an interesting set of prejudices you have there . 
  well , those people were lied to by the traffickers . 
  what do you expect ? 
  you only know about their home countries what you are told , they only know about us what they are told . 
  and if the traffickers use half-truths like `` germany said they will not send you home when you get there ! '', 
  they can rope in more people to hand over their saved money for the vague hope of reaching a place where they can thrive , not survive . 
  okay , i seem to have misunderstood you at first , thinking this was you , personally , being scared . 
  let me get this straight : so you are scared that refugees and immigrants will undermine our culture and destroy this nation from within because they hold different views the moment the step off a train ? 
  even when the worst-case-predictions over the next 5 years ( 800.000 each year ) hold true , the total number of people accepted and granted asylum would be 1.75 % of the german population . 
  it would be quite the feat , undermining our culture when outnumber 99:1 . 
  you also do not think those views , like everything about a person , can change over time ? 
  that those refugees and immigrants can gain a new perspective ? 
  be thankful for us taking them in ? 
  learn about why we value personal freedom so highly ? 
  rather , you think they will form parallel societies and shut themselves out ? 
  that will most likely not happen when you avoid creating ghettos and instead focus on education and integration . 
  the thing that led to terribly integrated turkish groups in large cities was mismanaged housing and thus ghettoization . 
  we can learn from this . 
  we can improve . 
  and hate-mongering will not help this effort . 
  y' all motherfuckers need rlp . 
  mate , i know that feeling pretty well . 
  i 'm 24 years old , my girlfriend is a city kid while we were `` winzer '' for generations until my dad decided i should go to uni and supported me quite a lot in that . 
  so whenever i am home and bring her with me , she gets quizzed about city life and how it is growing up in the middle of frankfurt . 
  it 's a bit awkward but she just rolls with it . 
  we prevent nobody from speaking , but if they decline to take on refugees based on factors those refugees have no control over ( where they are from , skin colour , culture they grew up in ) , they obviously do not see refugees as people but as a threat and should probably get to know some of them before their idiotic prejudice literally kills people . 
  break law -  get out ? 
  man am i glad my deceased grandfather passed his guilt for being a 16 year old kid in the wehrmacht on to me before he kicked the bucket . 
  otherwise i might have dodged the responsibility of literally letting people die so other countries do n't need to take them in . 
  i am in exile in aachen right now and the students here literally only subsist on beer . 
  it 's tough . 
  `` off duty soldier '' is actually a pretty common cover for units of secret service agents tracking a suspect . 
  you can explain away the highly skilled reaction pretty easily that way and also cover why their identity needs to remain unknown . 
  well , since putin has been trying to go full czar for a while now , that 's not really surprising . 
  well , there is a lot about us you do not know ... * wacht am rhein plays in the distance *, 
  if they ever get me , i want any potential rescue mission to assume i am already dead and just drop a fucking nuke on them . 
  question : why ? 
  you would have the unique chance to debate a conflict that has seperated your people for decades with a member of the opposing group that 's as educated and young as you are . 
  there is room for idealism and exchange of ideas and beliefs .
