  oh , and the swedish definition of rape is extremely broad - it can be almost any unwanted sexual advance , what would in other countries fall under harassment laws . 
  so yeah , the numbers are vastly inflated and entail things that no other country would consider rape as well as accusation that turn out to be patently false . 
  you are aware that building such a parallel society is exactly where the crime rates and class struggles come from ? 
  if you avoid that , all the shit you are scared of will be far less likely to happen . 
  booze is hella expensive in norway . 
  i actually did a double take when a buddy sent me a picture of the prices . 
  it is . 
  you are saying people running from a radical muslim terrorist organisation to a western country will there willingly join that same muslim terrorist organisation and sabotage their chance at a better life . 
  i will just go over your points real quick since i got stuff do it , but i want to answer it to the best of my ability . 
  as always , google is your friend and numbers you ask for may be right at the tip of your fingers . 
  * do you have enough jobs for all ? 
  yes : http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/2903/umfrage/jahresdurchschnittswerte-des-bestands-an-offenen-arbeitsstellen/ this number will only grow due to an aging population . 
  the demographic change will force us to provide for more sick and elderly people , which requires young men and women to generate income and fill position that those aging people leave vacant . 
  * do you have a legal solution to remove for those , regardless of their numbers and percentage in the migrant population , who prove are up to no good ( would-be terrorists , radicals , etc. ), 
  yes , it 's called the law , we already have it . 
  they are people , they live in our country , they have to obey our laws . 
  otherwise they will be treated like other people in our country that do not . 
  * is your social assistance system solid / rich enough to sustain the number of migrants coming ? 
  yes , especially with younger people , since able-bodied workers are useful and will only continue to be useful in the future . 
  immigrants have largely been assimilated well into our culture and became productive members of society , and as we continue to learn from our history and adjust integration programs this will get better . 
  http://esr.oxfordjournals.org/content/18/2/199.abstract * do you have enough social housing to support the number of migrants coming ? 
  we are working hard on that , emergency solutions are obviously already in place for those being processed . 
  same as above , those that are accepted will not need it for long . 
  at the moment it is a challenge , but that stems mainly from indecision and a late reaction to a quickly advancing problem . 
  i am confident this can be fixed . 
  money is not the issue here , it 's implementing solutions . 
  the problem is already here , all we can really do is adjust our system and deal with it . 
  letting people die is not an option . 
  * can your educational system take in the increasing number of children who do n't speak the language and have been out of school for years is your medical system rich / solid enough to take in the number of migrants coming in ( lots of them already ill ) your questions keep coming down to me knowing the exact budgeting our government has set up for the immigrant problem , which i do n't know . 
  but judging from out gdp growth and how we have fared in the past , i am also confident this will be a solvable problem . 
  my grandparents did not rebuild germany after the war thinking `` but do we have the money to sustain all those homeless people '' . 
  * do you have a social solution to avoid enclavisation and a resurgence of no-go zones ? 
  yes , distribution across the country and integration programs . 
  see source above as to how it worked in the past . 
  we can learn from history , nobody said we need to make the same mistakes twice . 
  * how come your are so optimistic you will be able to integrate a couple of million migrants with staggeringly different social values when you failed to integrate a handful of gypsies ? 
  that 's a false equivalence . 
  the culture and mindset of romani people is vastly different from that of war refugees from the middle east . 
  your numbers are also a bit funky - you say millions of migrants when the highest projection i saw yet was 800.000 , not all of which will be accepted and thus will even have to integrate . 
  as above , we did it before and it worked somewhat reasonably , this is a chance to apply what we learned . 
  you do n't have to marry an immigrant , man . 
  pretty laughable false equivalence . 
  your first part is speculation . 
  we have no numbers to back this up . 
  up until now , all data we have points to this : isis recruits from ( for example ) germany have been overwhelmingly kids of second-generation immigrants stuck in poverty or a personal crisis that looked towards hardcore islam for personal validation . 
  people fleeing that islam will not be very easy to recruit , do n't you think ? 
   and someone disagreeing with huge , uncontrolled influx of people is not by default a racist . 
  no , they are not . 
  i specifically called a racist website racist for being racist while using racist expressions . 
  natural disasters are different . 
  many countries ( like mine and denmark ) have laws that prevent armies from being used against people in the country in any manner outside of an actual war . 
  it prevents abuse of power just as much as it pushes for a better-equipped police force ( as the army can not be used to `` patch up holes '' ) and a sensible budget is ensured . 
  oh , and soldiers are not trained in handling civilians of course . 
  then you have 800.000 problems that do not have any incentive to even try and be a part of your country 's society . 
  but you started one now . 
  what is the point of waiting if you seemingly have all the evidence you need to judge all those people unseen ? 
  yeah man . 
  they actually are . 
  because a guy already living in europe as a known isis contact has literally nothing to do with them . 
  just as he has nothing to do with the forged documents in circulation . 
  where people escape a bad situation there is a demand for fake documents . 
  these two stories are not connected and the point the article tries to make is hyperbolic at best . 
  the point the op article makes is bullshit , btw . 
  this terrorist was already living in europe . 
  he was a contact for isis recruitment in spain for some time before going into hiding with a false identity in early 2015 . 
  from the german source the racists are citing, 
   destined for sale and distribution to the hordes of nonwhite invaders seeking to settle in europe as bogus `` war refugees , '' had been seized i may be wrong but this site could possibly have a bit of an agenda . 
   so make the old people work which is not an option in some cases . 
  hard jobs like construction and metal working you ca n't do very long past the age of 60 , and other jobs are often occupied by younger people ( service industry , it , science ) . 
  not to mention that changing careers that late is bit difficult , with the learning process involved and companies preferring younger workers . 
  i agree that a higher birthrate is the only logical solution - but we ca n't force people to fuck without a condom . 
  so the intermediate solution will always be immigration . 
   then you do n't have a demographic problem do you ? 
  i feel like i messed up my points somehow , since you seem to have missed them . 
  the entire problem of a aging population lies not fully in them retiring but also in them needing care and medical attention . 
  the reasons i find to say `` nah '' , btw , are exactly what is happening in japan right now . 
  google `` japan aging demographic problem '' and tell me how letting this happen here is a good thing . 
   people who stay working stay healthier that 's a bit simplistic , is it not ? 
  we see a constant rise in heart disease , joints getting knackered , dementia and co in aging individuals . 
  a workforce that has a higher percentage of sick days is not exactly a sustainable one . 
  medical advancements are needed to combat those sicknesses , and those can only be made by medical and scientific professionals . 
  and these professionals go through a lot of a education and are quite old when they start worklife in comparison to , say , a locksmith . 
  now they still fall sick and age like other professions and need young blood to keep going . 
  and that only works with young bodies . 
  all you would achieve by arbitrarily setting the retirement age 10 years higher right now is raising the number of people unable to work and being pushed into poverty . 
  it 's not only about a smaller population , it 's about a smaller population that will have to support an older , non-working portion of that population that will only keep growing . 
  we will not be able to keep our economy running with the same in - and output . 
  we will no longer be able to invest as much into scientific and industrial development . 
  we will , in short , erode what makes our country such an economic powerhouse in the first place . 
  it is only smart to do something against that before it happens . 
  indecision is far worse than making the wrong decision , especially in a case where indecision is the one option that will inevitably lead to failure . 
   germans can be annoying arseholes ? 
  i try . 
  i 'll be here all week !, 
  nah , sorry about that , honestly . 
  but on a more serious note , that change is sorely needed . 
  because `` muslim '' is not the sole describing factor of those people . 
  they are also young , able-bodied and have or will have kids . 
  this is very important to fight our aging population . 
  if cultural change is what you are afraid off then all you have to do is distribute those refugees ( temporary ) and new citizens ( those that stay ) widely throughout the country and provide good education for the kids .
