  aye , if the pics in the article are anything to go by , i apparently lived and cleaned worse than a refugee back during my bachelor 's . 
  so ... barbecue ? 
   the sting was created by u.s. drug enforcement administration operatives who wanted to shut down a murder-for-hire operation that prosecutors said used ex-military snipers for freelance killing assignments on behalf of drug organizations holy shit . 
  movie-level hitman organization . 
  eh , the g36 has been criticized by our minister of defense ursula von der leyen and an investigation has been launched because , under very narrow conditions , the weapon will not fire straight anymore and misfires happen due to heat distorting the barrel . 
  problem is , many experts claim this was kind of a front for modernization and re-negotiating contracts with arms manufacturers . 
  the tests in which these problems were found were supposedly highly unrealistic ( i.e. 
  firing an entire 100-round drum magazine by holding down the trigger ) . 
  as i said above , lessors can decide pretty freely how much to charge and to whom to rent out a place . 
  it 's much harder to find a civilian lessor willing to do it for as much as it would effectively cost to use your own , available buildings as a state . 
  civilian lessors can also just decline - if they do n't want refugees in their flats , the state is shit out of luck or has to effectively expropriate empty flats like berlin is doing when winter comes and no living space can be found . 
   destroy someone elses living situation stop being so dramatic . 
  it 's one special case where the woman has a dog . 
  everyone else in the building had it working out just fine . 
  the city helps them out in search of living space too . 
  because other flats are not state owned and the owner can decide the price pretty freely and also choose who it 's rented out to . 
   that 's not how it works in germany . 
  as a landlord , you ca n't just cancel a tenancy agreement . 
  unless you want to move in yourself . 
  eeeeh , not completely true . 
  eigenbedarf can be pretty much any use that does not involve you making money from the living space or leaving it empty . 
  the city found suitable flats for evrerybody but this lady in a matter of weeks . 
  i have hope this will work , this is one of those very small local problems that make great national headlines . 
  wait , were we not `` fucking blind hippies '' a few days ago ? 
  mate , this and the berlin flat repurposing thing are two decisions that merkel could not apply country-wide even if she tried . 
  people would want her removed pretty quickly . 
  just look at how controversial these two small-scale cases are . 
  true . 
  but you just said in more words than i used for a simplified tl , dr that this is complicated and why . 
  thanks for clarifying this for others , though . 
  right , one last reply , on my phone , from bed . 
  mainly because this really is important . 
  http://www.igfm.de/menschenrechte/hilfe-fuer-den-notfall/hilfe-fuer-obdachlose/ basically , we have many local and regional programs to help those in need , such as re-integration programs , shelters and buses driving around in cold winter nights to check if someone sleeps outside and take them in . 
  this is an entirely different problem , and the idea that you can only help one of the two groups or one solution takes away from the other is a false dichotomy . 
   the last warm places to house migrants ca n't be luxury flats in berlin . 
  well , in berlin they are the only empty property available on such short notice . 
  money is not the problem , time is . 
  you ca n't build a shelter in less than a month . 
  this is , again , not long-term !, 
   btw , good job on providing local insight on this thread . 
  there 's no way we could discern what was going on while relying on google translate ... 
  thanks man . 
  i mainly stuck around here because that article is a mess of sentences even in german . 
  and from just the headline a lot of people would make wrong assumptions . 
  i am going to bed now , but thank you for listening . 
  did you read any of what was written here ? 
  the flats are not just taken , the owners get compensated with rent that is the same as for surrounding property of similar quality , all damages are covered and the flats are given back . 
  this is not a long-term thing , this is a temporary measure because the approaching winter makes tents next to impossibly and there is not enough time to build new shelters . 
  this is meant to be a crutch until a long-term solution is established . 
  and the sad truth is that these are the only empty properties where nobody would have to be kicked out for them to be made available . 
   but by no means are they the cheapest way to get some space for accommodation . 
  which is not the point !, 
  if this was about money , they would just build some new housing on the outskirts . 
  but winter is approaching and construction takes too long and tents are no longer viable . 
  this is a short-term solution to a pressing issue happening now !, 
  the owners get paid rent , get all damages covered and get the flats back . 
  nah , if this happens ( and it still needs to go to court first ) it will most likely get a time limit imposed on it . 
  the idea really is an emergency solution to the emergency of winter approaching with no suitable housing . 
   i 'm sorry but what people do with their own private property is not an issue for politicians to discuss well , driving up rent purposefully and making it basically impossible for people to live in the inner city was such a big problem that we needed a law to stop it , actually . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/mieterh%c3%b6hung#mietpreisbremse they were being a detriment to society and hurting growth of the city and the quality of life of other citizens . 
  this was and is a very serious issue . 
   is this even legal ? 
  probably , but a court will most likely decide on this anyway . 
  our local administration ca n't just decide things arbitrarily . 
  this will be checked by lawyers and judges thrice over before it happens . 
   what message does it send for homeless germans , or even ordinary hard working germans , that would kill for an opportunity to live rent free for a while in the center of the capital of one of the world 's richest countries ... 
  probably the message that the berlin administration actually will send in the form of the press release , which is that this is a short-term solution to a very pressing emergency . 
  you can be sure they would have tried to avoid this as hard as possible , because they are not idiots and know that this will be bad press . 
  but you can also be sure that there is not enough time to build new housing before winter and tents will be useless soon . 
  the only space you can get without kicking people out is like this , basically . 
  they get the flats back when this is over , and they get paid rent ( which they would not get for empty flats ) and all damages will be paid . 
   if it 's my propety i should be able to ask whatever i want . 
  your rights end when you purposefully hurt others and are a detriment to society . 
  these flats were used as once-a-year holiday locations and/or kept purposefully empty to drive up rent and turn a profit in the future . 
  this problem had to be tackled anyway . 
  now we also have winter approaching and there is neither time to build new homes nor is the weather going to allow for tents much longer . 
  the city needs a solution now , and this is one to both problems . 
  any damages will be paid for , the owners of the flats will most likely make money on this rather than lose it . 
  this is not expropriation or , as you so dramatically call it , theft , but a short-term solution to an immediate emergency . 
  this would be more like you having a really , really good car that would be really , really good for helping out in an emergency situation but you leave it sitting in the middle of the road , making it harder for other cars just for the possibility of future profit . 
  believe me , these flats were either only in use as holiday flats once a year or so or not at all and used as speculation objects on the real estate market . 
  this is a problem that berlin wanted to tackle anyway , as this practice drives up rent and blocks valuable living space . 
  this way , they can beat two problems in one action . 
  well , this may be in part due to how a car 's street safety is assessed . 
  in germany we have the t\u00dcv , a state-run institute ( though there are private , licensed alternatives ) which controls every single car registered in germany . 
  this means if you have a license plate on your car and use it , you have to roll up to the t\u00dcv once every two years for a super thorough inspection of your car . 
  breaks , lights , steering , rust , suspension , everything . 
  many european nations have similar rules and regulations , though i think we do have the strictest . 
  in the us these rules are not as strict , at least as far as i know . 
  though i would like for an american to tell me how it really works . 
  what you are implying is a false dichotomy , i.e. 
  that you can only help either the homeless or provide living space for refugees and that finances and measures used for one problem can just as easily be applied to another . 
  they are given what other flats of the same quality in the same area cost . 
  the problem here is not money for housing refugees and the homeless , but quite literally space . 
  berlin is a tightly packed city and living space is super rare and expensive . 
  and with winter approaching you ca n't really stick those people into tents as easily as in summer . 
  the compensation will also be adjusted to rent that , as i wrote above , is generally common for flats of the same size and quality in the area . 
  these living spaces are not only holiday homes but most are actually purposefully kept empty to drive up rent and speculate on future profits . 
  they benefit nobody like that . 
  which means the rent is adjusted to that generally common for flats of the same size and quality in the area .
