  we had more protesters when it came to building a fucking train station ( stuttgart 21 ) . 
  bbc is reaching a bit by trying to construct a narrative of a large scale rejection/anger by the german people from a known group of anti-immigration activists doing what anti-immigration activists do . 
  and man , look at nestl\u00e9 not selling shit since people noticed their dickery with drinking water and exploited workers !, 
  though the eco-circlejerk in my country can suck a dick on that one too . 
  `` yeah , let 's pay a 20 % no-gmo mark up , but still buy nestl\u00e9 stuff . 
  workers are not as important as scary genes '' . 
  this is a damn great `` open letter '' type thing , i think the first one i ever read that was not super patronizing or cringy . 
  should probably be printed out and put up in all refugee centers . 
  the author raises some very important points , the need to be accepting of all lifestyles and contribute to our great social system , for example . 
  that one older woman ( baked potatoe look ) rocking the cleavage + revealed knee combo \\ #haram 2haramharder, 
  now i feel bad :( did n't mean to imply improvements could n't be made elsewhere ( and would n't be far more pressing ) . 
  i am now also scared to drive in your country . 
  i love my shitty 2007 golf , and i do n't think it would survive . 
  the stuff about unlit carriges is one of my biggest autobahn nightmares . 
  i really hope this works and is n't one of those `` good on paper '' ideas . 
  i 've been saying for some time that the easiest way to curb extremism in islam is to introduce a secular wave of young , engaging imams that can help out troubled youth with actual advice instead of recruiting them to some shitty terrorist group they happen to support . 
  if islam had a popular figure ( like the catholic pope ) that acts as a global leader and speaks to the people in a charismatic and progressive way , a lot of shit could be stopped in it 's infancy . 
  it 's one company that operates on a global scale but happens to have been founded in germany . 
  do n't equate them to my country - we do n't equate you with monsanto 's shitty business practices or walmart 's exploitation of workers . 
  i just have to take a look at the roads of my 1200 people home town to know the \u00d6si is sadly correct . 
  awesome that you have to scroll past a bunch of comments proclaiming the western descent into madness , speaking prophecies of `` no more pork and forced hijabs '' in schools to find this . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  in germany , we call this `` vorrauseilender gehorsam '' : following an order without being given one out of a misplaced sense of duty . 
  when even those you claim to speak for think it is ridiculuous , something may be up . 
  which has been removed from the website of the woman 's rights group that posted it , specifically because it was used for agenda-pushing against refugees while they were going for an improvement in conditions in those centers . 
  this entire thread is weird . 
  the article talks about rape , instead of discussing how to best preosecute rapists and make those refugee centers safer like the women 's rights group wanted we get people calling for mass deportation of everyone slightly browner than them together with `` clearly it 's because rape is encouraged in their home countries '' as well as `` muslism have no concept of consent '' . 
  what the hell . 
  complain about dclauzel being mad with power or whatever , but there has indeed been a tonal shift here towards the right and against tackling problems and instead tackling people . 
  you call ignoring the blight of refugees and current mess as well as saying `` good luck '' to first-contact nations a sane policy ? 
  what do you propose we do with the people already here ? 
  hope they walk all the way back ? 
  we need a solid processing system and a shared load . 
  otherwise we risk overloading nations the refugees get to first, 
  yeah all refugees are hardcore islamists . 
  especially those fleeing a civil war and terrorist insurgency both involving hardcore islamists . 
  i , too , tend to join those that drove me from my home . 
  i am from rhineland-palatinate and we know those as schokobr\u00f6tchen . 
  great hangover cure indeed . 
  what will you do if precisely nothing happens ? 
  eat your hat ? 
  death penality , `` vanishig '' critical journalists and super shitty worker 's rights is not what i would consider humanitarian . 
  but do go on , i am genuinly interested in their caring side . 
  they still get housing and benefits - this is a project to allow them to gather work experience and structure their lives until they can legally get a real job . 
  that was not the only reason , btw . 
  since most modern machinery and infrastructure in germany was quite literally blown to smithereens , there was a huge incentive to rebuild and innovate . 
  many very smart people that were engineers and researchers for the nazis beforehand ( forced or otherwise ) either legged it to the us ( von braun ) or stuck around to help rebuild . 
  this effort in innovation , coupled with support by the us against the growing threat from the east , made our country an industrial juggernaut during what we call `` wirtschaftswunder '' . 
  what do you disagree with in general ? 
  that they fight against the death penalty ? 
  that they demand humane treatment for prisoners ? 
  that they want political prisoners to be set free ? 
  if you read the article you will find it sounds much more reasonable when it is not editorialized . 
  she says that we can not just fix a number and then let first-contact states like greece deal with the people arriving beyond that - this would fuck over those nations on the outskirts of the eu and would be far more delusional , as it would disregard everything that happens beyond a certain number . 
  in reality , people do not adhere to numbers . 
  if we say `` this quota applies to the next 500.000 refugees '' the 100.000 after those will obviously not just turn around and leave . 
  they will then , with dublin ii enforcement , be stuck in countries like greece and processed there , stretching the resources super thin . 
  i may or may not have missed some interesting event . 
  care to explain ? 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  bavaria would rather separate from germany than give that one up . 
   the `` nudel '' part of the word is very misleading . 
  it is not a noodle at all . 
  it is , in fact , a giant lump of uncooked dough , thinly disguised with a sprinkling of powdered sugar . 
   if you eat it , you will have to lie still and digest like an anaconda for a while . 
  this is probably the truest thing i ever read about dampfnudeln . 
  my grandmother used to make them , these things are so fucking delicious but have a tendency to make you feel like you ate half a mountain 's worth of granite . 
   you iq beggars !, 
  i really have nothing to add here , but that phrase is fucking great . 
  but probably kinda true . 
  most policy effects you see about 5-10 years after implementation . 
  i also kind of miss schr\u00f6der and his blunt way of talking . 
  merkel is just untouchable when it comes to opinions . 
  most likely some kids fucking around or being angry . 
  they just chose a foreign car because you are least likely to go to the police and push the issue since you would , presumably , leave the country at some point . 
   yeah , there 's nothing more annoying than cleavage in your face . 
  well , yes . 
  if the age difference is 15 + years and the other side is a pupil you have to tread a bit more carefully as a teacher . 
  we are not exactly a sexually repressed society , but false `` he check out my tits '' accusations to pay a teacher back for an unjust grade are also not unheard of . 
  just wanted to give some context . 
  as for the `` refugees asking for anything to be changed '' see my edit , it may just be to avoid culture shock or teenage girls trying to tease/flirt with the refugees as a dare . 
  it happens within the usual social circles anyway , by stating such stuff should be avoided the school now has insured themselves against this kind of stuff and can enforce it when it gets reported . 
  it 's better for all involved to have some piece of paper to refer to when something goes wrong . 
  no , the letter does not say `` cover arms and legs '' . 
  german schools do not have dresscodes like american schools would have . 
  as such , girls will sometimes decide to wear rather revealing stuff ( which can be annoying for teachers , since you ca n't really avoid looking at the cleavage of a girl leaning forward on her desk when trying to explain something to her ) . 
  this was subject to a lot of controversies by itself , but this letter specifically is very reasonable and only states to wear `` modest every-day clothing to avoid misunderstandings '' , i.e. 
  no see-through blouses and short shorts . 
  no word about covering arms/legs . 
  why anybody would link the racist observer still as a reasonable source is beyond me . 
  it deliberately misrepresents and lies , this time in the headline . 
  edit : i should add that this is a gymnasium , so kids are aged anything from 10 to 18 + , which means you have hormonally charged teenagers running around in an extraordinary situation . 
  to not expect them to interact with refugees housed in their sporting facilities is outlandish , so this advice is meant to prepare the kids and their parents to adapt to this . 
  young girls experimenting with their sexuality and noticing for the first time they are sexually attractive can be a bit challenging in a normal learning environment , so to minimize `` culture shock '' this one sentence was included in the letter . 
  i doubt it will be draconically enforced . 
  refugees wanting to work is suddenly an outlandish notion ? 
  a few days ago i saw you arguing they are welfare shopping . 
  what is it , now ? 
  started out making fun of reddit , originally started by goons from somethingawful , taken over by pc people taking themselves too seriously . 
  gon na quote myself from the worldnews thread .
