( it 's a drink ) . 
  i completely agree that we have a problem in our laws regarding the police as well as the culture that develops in many police forces . 
  luckily there are still many kind policemen/women , but those people do n't make the news very often . 
  we also have a culture problem in many of the inner city/african-american communities , but all of this might be better discussed in a more relevant thread . 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  if we were so evil , we would be gunning down people at the mexican border right now . 
  if there was a few people standing outside doors everywhere eating mcdonald 's and forcing me to eat some of it every time i want to pass by , i would have just as big a problem with it as i do smoking . 
  do most socialized healthcare systems cover the side effects of smoking ? 
  because i would have a problem with that too . 
  are you sure you do n't mean mauritius ? 
  or the maldives ? 
  mauritania is in western africa . 
  irrelevant , usa was n't a choice . 
  unlikely . 
  they can protest until they 're blue in the face , i 'm still going to the supermarket just like everyone else is . 
  groceries are n't that expensive here in paris if you go to a supermarket . 
  if the farmers can negotiate a better price with casino , be my guest . 
  otherwise , i do n't care if the fruits and vegetables were grown on the moon as long as they are n't unhealthy and are cheaper . 
  yes , but was n't the arab spring a movement of revolutions by the people of arab countries organizing over social media to express their discontent with their governments ? 
  why ca n't we be in the hall of shame ? 
  we 'll give you a `` killer '' deal on the prisoners . 
  hmm . 
  well i did a quick google search and came up with a [ pew research survey ] ( http://www.pewinternet.org/2015/03/16/americans-privacy-strategies-post-snowden/ ) on post-snowden surveillance . 
  it would appear from this survey that americans are divided about surveillance programs , much more so than i thought . 
  i am a bit surprised and disappointed with the amount of support surveillance programs on us citizens had from us citizens , though it was not a majority . 
  from this article , i could guess that overall the american people have a pretty mixed view of mr. snowden , especially when we consider that he has revealed details of surveillance programs on non-us citizens , which us citizens support more . 
  one way to look at the issue is to say that we have a problem with our voting system . 
  it basically guarantees there wo n't be any real third parties , meaning the two main parties can collaborate on certain issues , regardless of public opinion . 
  another is to say that the american people are either too complacent , ignorant , stupid , etc. 
  to organize a real opposition to the two main parties . 
  there are other issues , like our media 's role in politics , but that is the gist of it . 
  americans are overpowering the terrorists europe brings in . 
  prends des notes , idiot . 
  does the presence of an american in this subreddit honestly upset you so much as to cause you to lose all brain functionality ? 
  no one is advocating or even discussing interventions anywhere . 
  you can think whatever you want . 
  i do n't take it upon myself to stop others from being wrong and/or just stupid . 
  if you care to do a little research , you 'll find the supreme leader of iran has been in power since 1989 , and has been vocally anti-israel his whole tenure . 
  i do n't see that us-iran relations are obstructed by values . 
  they are obstructed by iranian leaders who hate the us , hate israel , and have taken numerous opportunities to express their hatred of the us and israel . 
  i think the main difference is the second is a reaction to the first . 
  no one wanted to bomb iran before all the talk of wiping israel off the map . 
  now you have staunch republicans such as [ barack obama ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/03/obama-to-iran-and-israel-as-president-of-the-united-states-i-dont-bluff/253875/ ) talking about the possibility of bombing nuclear facilities should negotiations fall through . 
  we are attempting to diversify our energy industry in order to be less reliant on foreign oil , as are many other countries . 
  this takes time . 
  in the meantime , we are n't going to ruin the business relationship which provides the energy we need to keep our economy running smoothly . 
  great . 
  i hope they can remove the ayatollah and other leaders who share his views so that us-iran relations can improve . 
  what do protests in bahrain have to do with iran-us relations ? 
  i never said that the us only has relations with the good guys , only that the iranian leaders are far too opposed ( and overtly so ) to america and israel for iran-us relations to be stable . 
  yes , and many americans are not happy with this . 
  the american relationship with saudi arabia is obviously purely business and will dissolve when one side no longer needs the other . 
  to my knowledge , a relationship with iran would not offer as much economic opportunity . 
  american checking in . 
  i do n't even know what the current deal is about , but i think the reason that many americans are not so keen on doing business with iran is that they are run by an ayatollah who regularly calls us things like the great satan etc. 
  and called for israel to be wiped off of the map . 
  some of their other leaders agree with these sentiments . 
  this does not bode well for relations . 
  edit : when i posted this , i thought , `` i should put a ` in b4 saudi arabia ' note at the end '' , but then i realized i was being silly . 
  these are europeans , they can understand the nature of different diplomatic relationships and the difference between iran and saudi arabia . 
  obviously i was wrong . 
  obviously the us should only do business with the good guys and make no compromises , no matter the economic consequences . 
  just like europe has stopped importing energy from russia . 
  china , for one . 
  unless you count a crowd as a queue . 
  i am so triggered right now . 
  as a human being mr. krugman is equal to all of us , i harbor him no resentment . 
  it is his economics predictions that i have a problem with . 
  yep . 
  but we are not championing our economics predictions , and i have n't been hired by the nyt . 
  if mr. krugman 's defense is , `` a layperson would be wrong more often than me !, 
  '' , that is a pretty poor defense . 
  yep , he hit a three-pointer . 
  now go check how many he has attempted . 
  of course , we are no more deserving of a nobel in economics than mr. krugman . 
  but i know i have n't been making all kinds of predictions and then championing the times i was right and forgetting all the other times . 
  mr. krugman has been right many times , there is no doubt about that . 
  he has also been wrong many times . 
  it 's like watching a basketball player lob up 3 's and then get excited when they finally make one . 
  and yet normally when we try to point this out the response is , `` he has a nobel prize !!!, 
  the us . 
  no honey , i 'm from texas . 
  i have to respectfully disagree with you , and kind of agree with exvampire . 
  but we 're both americans , so that 's not a surprise . 
  i have lived in france for nearly a year and have found that most french people ca n't handle criticism of their country . 
  i find that this indicates that deep down they actually think that other countries should try and be more like france , and that it would be backwards for a country not to want to be like france . 
  even after i explain my experiences in france and explain the problems i have encountered , a french person will often seem to agree that there are problems , but wo n't accept a statement that france is not necessarily a great place to live in comparison to america . 
  again , this is to be expected since we all have pride in our countries , but i just think we should have pride while still admitting that we may not be the best when faced with the evidence . 
  thank you !, 
  i had almost finished this thread , and having not found a comment about americans yet , was getting more than a little upset . 
  we deserve more attention . 
  no , china told google it had to censor its searches ( tiananmen , tibet , taiwan , anyone ? ) . 
  google would n't play ball , so china basically blocked google in china . 
  it kind of sounds like you are having a dig at it when you call the contents ` myths ' and then respond to him with sarcasm . 
  if americans are the young and the restless , does that make europeans the old and the laid-back ? 
  * lessen executive power , or rather take measures to enforce the constitutional intentions of executive power . 
  the past 5 + presidents ( could be 10 + ) have steadily increased the power of the executive office . 
  we are entering dangerous territory now in which the president just sends out executive orders instead of the executive and legislative branches working together to create bills and pass them as laws . 
  one cause of this problem is that we need to ... * change to a true multi-party system . 
  the current system is well-known to be us vs them , red vs blue , black vs white , and there are better alternatives ( watch the cgp grey youtube video if you have n't ) .
