  `` no , take the photo on my good side . '', 
  actually i 'm pretty impressed . 
  i did n't realize a ship could get from london to north america that fast in 1914 . 
  if he really wanted to insult him he should have called him turkish . 
  i 'm not a historian , but not all of the roman emperors were kind to christians . 
  for example , i recall nero putting christians in cages and lighting them on fire ( possible during parties at his palace ? 
  ) , and then of course there were the christians put to death in the colosseum and other arenas . 
  they 're our hosts for the fifa world cup . 
  i had to use a mirror to see that far down since my belly was hiding everything below 25 . 
  not in my opinion . 
  if 100 million chinese people move to mongolia can they vote to join china ? 
  in my opinion , they can not . 
  it just introduces conflict . 
  the borders are never going to be perfect , so let 's just accept their current state and move forward . 
  yes , i believe that a majority preferred to be in russia . 
  though it hardly matters , since it was russia 's ability to take the region that effected the change , not the peoples ' opinions . 
  ya , there was no war since ukraine could n't fight back . 
  given that , perhaps powerful countries should just take over less powerful countries and we can really set this planet back by a few centuries . 
  the us has as good an argument to attack mexico as the russians do to attack ukraine . 
  `` ya , and ? '', 
  and so i support sanctioning russia , freezing russian officials ' assets , ruining the russian economy if that 's what it takes to effect change . 
  if that does n't effect political change , at least the russians will be much less powerful to do this again since their economy will be in shambles . 
  because if every region that wanted to declare independence did so this planet would be in perpetual turmoil , most likely unending war . 
  if the crimeans want to be russians they can go to russia . 
  it 's big place , i 'm sure there is enough room for them . 
  `` but crimea used to be part of russia ! '', 
  ya , and ? 
  they gave it to the ukrainian ssr . 
  there 's land up in karelia that used to be part of finland , but russia attacked and took it . 
  seems to be a pattern , really . 
  colonists on the french antarctic islands . 
  right , but the col in new york is also pretty high . 
  i was n't attempting to compare paris and the czech republic . 
  edit : the website numbeo is not perfect , but i think it is a decent indicator . 
  it says that new york 's salaries are about 40 % higher , but the col is way higher . 
  for example , buying an apartment would be 50 + % more . 
  american in paris here . 
  how do you think the exact location in the us/europe factors in ? 
  i caught myself comparing paris to mid-sized cities in the us , but the cost of living is completely different . 
  if i compared paris to new york or los angeles , the salary : living cost ratio might be more similar , do n't you think ? 
  what 's going on here ? 
  our insane citizen slaughter is at the hands of highly uneducated people , mostly minorities sadly . 
  we have the same situation as europe in this regards . 
  it would be extremely difficult to keep illegal guns from getting into the country through our southern border . 
  but perhaps the most important reason we have a lot of guns is our philosophical belief in the right to bear arms , not just for self-defense against criminals , but in defense against tyrannical governments . 
  that is a philosophical difference and i respect other opinions , but i do n't think that the usa 's stance is so insane when we consider the actions of tyrannical governments in history and how governments became tyrannical in the first place . 
  ... `` assist a member state in its territory '' ... 
  the phrase `` in its territory '' suggests that this clause does not allow members to assist a member state outside of its territory ( like in the middle east , for example ) . 
  means shower in french though . 
  we have plenty of dictionaries , we do n't need to use wikipedia . 
  phobia is a fear , in fact an irrational fear , not a disagreement . 
  one is behavior . 
  the other is genetic . 
  so having common sense is homophobic now ? 
  phobia means fear . 
  where is the fear in the photo ? 
  i think he 's referring to a surprise attack , or a terrorist attack . 
  for example , the plane that hit the pentagon . 
  we did n't want to be too far ahead of you guys . 
  it 's bad enough as it is right now , having to watch the folks in the tech industry here in paris playing catch-up to the latest developments in the us . 
  that must be tough , having people second-guessing your country 's decisions all the time . 
  wish i could relate ... 
  i veto your request . 
  i must say that i have been impressed to learn of france 's foresight in investing in nuclear energy early . 
  i hope that nothing hinders france from continuing down that path , and that others follow suit . 
  i disagree . 
  ece paris is a member of the cge , and they are ranked on all the lists of grande ecoles . 
  le figaro 's 2015 article and ranking of ecoles d'ingenieurs mentions them . 
  they are the same type of school as all the great grande ecoles , they just are n't as good , and thus your comparison of community colleges and ivy league schools to the difference between grande ecoles is nonsensical . 
  and frankly i 've worked with the average students from the schools you mentioned during an internship and i 'm not convinced that they are above ivy league students . 
  ece paris, 
  in my opinion something important to consider is the state of a range of schools , not just the top schools . 
  if i showed off mit and harvard as classic examples of an american higher education , that would be pretty disingenuous to say the least . 
  that being said , i did my bachelor 's degree in an american school that was n't even nationally known , and yet several of our textbooks were written by our professors , and i felt that both teachers and students were engaged . 
  now i 'm at a `` grande \u00c9cole '' in france which is not one of the best grande \u00c9coles in the country , yet still decent . 
  and frankly , the students here constantly talk the entire class , time is wasted on silly subjects ( i 'm currently typing this from a m\u00e9dias sociaux en entreprise class ) , the school does n't even have a library , etc. 
  while my anecdotal experience does n't mean that france is in trouble , the view i have formed for now is that those who get into \u00c9cole polytechnique and \u00c9cole centrale are probably provided with a great education , and people in the middle of the pack pay for a grande \u00c9cole diploma that really did n't teach much . 
  i 'm lucky that i 'm an american , companies here are interested in me . 
  what about the average french graduate from this school ? 
  edit : comments below consist mostly of butthurt people who wo n't even admit that ece paris is a grande ecole ( albeit not the best ) . 
  some french want to complain that others do n't understand their unique education system , then demonstrate their lack of understanding of the american system by comparing community colleges to ivy league schools , which is a ridiculous comparison in this case . 
  sounds like something a witch would say . 
  seriously ? 
  a french surrender joke ? 
  okay . 
  thanks big bro !, 
  as far as i know it is against the law to terminate them barring something extraordinary . 
  do n't know if this qualifies according to french law . 
  why ? 
  it was new london , ct. 
  it 's worth noting that eminent domain has been misused in the past . 
  there was a notable case in a town in connecticut where it was used to seize properties that the local officials thought made their town look bad and destroy them . 
  edit : no memes allowed , so i 'll remove the fun and just tell you plainly : the constant russian denial of anything bad related to russia is tiresome , as are people who spend all day on reddit posting only on russia-related threads . 
  some of us are actually interested by the russian culture and language , so stop making yourself look so bad please or we will eventually lose interest . 
  i did n't hijack anything . 
  the usernames are clearly visible . 
  your reading skills are what is piss-poor here . 
  the analogy i am making is perfectly valid . 
  hispanic countries are near the us . 
  does n't mean that hispanics can waltz into the us at any time .
