  same goes for arabs in arabic countries near europe . 
  you seem to be fucking yourself with your assumptions . 
  i did n't say that arabs ca n't come to europe , just that them being near europe is n't a valid reason for them to come . 
  the us is next to canada , does that mean that americans should be allowed to settle in canada at any time , with or without a job ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i live in europe ... 
  meh , we use chinese labor to put together our products , but that hardly makes us allies . 
  it makes us business partners . 
  we are also business partners with saudi arabia , but these relationships at most oblige us to keep the partner alive enough to be our partner . 
  maybe i place more importance on cultural ties than modern politicians do , but having lived in china for a year and a half , i can safely say we have little in common with the culture of china when compared to europe . 
  the us is less surrounded by hispanic countries than europe is surrounded by arabic-speaking countries . 
  is that a good argument to bring them to europe ? 
  i disagree . 
  would you like to be a carpenter ? 
  well you are going to have a tough time doing it anywhere within about a thousand miles of the mexican border , unless you speak spanish and are willing to take less than minimum wage and live with ten other men in a single bedroom apartment . 
  we are a nation of many people . 
  not everyone here is a banker , lawyer , or software engineer . 
  we have plenty of blue-collar workers whose factories were shipped overseas , and many others who were replaced by mexicans and other latin americans . 
  it 's not really fair to them , as even if they went to school to be in the high-tech service industry , there would n't be room for them in the market . 
  i 'm blushing . 
  yes , we do . 
  we really do believe that . 
  this is that poor baltic country we were discussing in the other thread , right ? 
  i can see why , this farm looks totally mismanaged . 
  so is having a fertility rate below the replacement rate since the early 90 's and filling it in with immigrants . 
  in 2013 , 2014 , and 2015 , more people immigrated to sweden than were even born there . 
  that 's insane . 
  yes , that is our culture . 
  it 's an adjustment to live abroad . 
  i 'm in paris . 
   plus i 'm not in any good posistion to judge the political desicions of other nations :d let me step in then . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the whole world should or could live in nice big houses . 
  just that i like that aspect of british culture . 
  i 'm fine with everyone else living in apartments as long as i get a house . 
  i like the aspect of british ( or perhaps the whole uk ? ), 
  culture which prefers a real house to an apartment . 
  as someone currently searching for a home , i 'm tired of all the apartment listings and the townhouses . 
  let me see a real house with a yard that wraps around it , not some hemmed-in box . 
  [ virginia state flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_and_seal_of_virginia#/media/file:flag_of_virginia.svg ), 
   if the text is misunderstood , the error is with the writer . 
  wow , bit of a blanket statement there ? 
  so i can right ` hello ' and if you do n't understand it 's my fault ? 
  maybe not to you . 
  it does to a lot of people . 
  he was previously being beaten badly . 
  currently he is doing much better , but the electoral vote count is still very much in hilary clinton 's favor . 
  source , realclearpolitics , which takes an average of many polls : http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html, 
  if you 're tired of the changing seasons , you can change your flair to american for perpetual downvotes . 
  hold on a second . 
  are you willing to say the same thing about your native language ? 
  i understand africans speaking french much easier , probably because they open their mouth more when they speak . 
  that does n't make them better communicators overall , just better for my case . 
  i ca n't tell if you linked the band bad religion as a joke or not . 
  would being pro-russia basically necessitate being moldovenist ? 
  true american kids leave about half the candy sitting in their rooms until the following summer , when their mothers throw it away . 
  montenegrin guys are robbing the cradles . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i see the meme around a lot but did n't realize that it started as a jab at john oliver . 
  is his comment aimed at liberalism ? 
  please do n't embarrass the europeans , this is their only safe space from the superior ^ ^ ^ quantity ^ ^ ^ of american chocolate . 
  that 's not true . 
  i make those sorts of mistakes all the time and i 've already made 0 french friends after being here two years . 
  explain yourself , czechs . 
  and can someone else find a translator for the czech explanation ? 
  alternative headline : poland turns to norwegian trump to gas russia . 
  after that we 're going to make them bake a cake for a gay wedding . 
  now i want 24/7/365 fully automated ferries between the faroe islands . 
  if such a thing occured , what would the relation be between moldova and the european union ? 
  on the one hand , i imagine that the eu would prefer to have some say over the matter , but on the other hand i do n't see how they could treat moldova any differently than romania if they were united as a single country . 
  so you 're hoping that someone breaks the law to conform to your opinion ? 
  and how would you feel if the roles were reversed ? 
  5/7 no romanian gypsy question . 
  i agree . 
  sorry you 're being downvoted , people are too harsh on the internet . 
  china 's situation is a bit special , because their development was stymied for so long . 
  they then catapulted ( or should i say leaped ? ), 
  forward , resulting in all our stuff being made in china for cheap . 
  the day that other countries become cheaper , our politicians will start decrying the human rights situation in china . 
  but not a day sooner . 
  china has a lot more to offer than belarus . 
  sniff . 
  beautifully said . 
  in addition to all the points made in other responses , consider that the edge of the map has to be somewhere . 
  putting it in the middle of a country is bad , so an ocean is better . 
  your choices are pretty much the atlantic or pacific , and the pacific is bigger . 
  there is n't nearly as much room between brazil and west africa . 
  whoa . 
  this changes everything !, 
  in my defense , duracell never used this bunny in their advertising campaigns in north america . 
  edit : no longer appears in na . 
  apparently it did before energizer trademarked it . 
  it 's energizer . 
   heroine we 've already determined he is n't getting any girls . 
  my favorite part is the land connection to greenland . 
  it is . 
  yes , but this is also how totalitarian states act . 
  everyone is breaking the law all the time , and the state can decide who to prosecute . 
  denmark may not be using the law that way , but it leaves that possibility open . 
  more importantly , cardiff is closing park place .
