  in conclusion , my point is that we differ on what the definition of human life is , but the pro-death crowd looks pretty bad for trying to find reasons to kill pre-natal humans . 
  i propose the opposite : let 's fight to keep them alive . 
  let 's offer adoption , let 's push for medical advances to be able to transfer babies to surrogate mothers , etc. 
  second class citizens because they would n't get to kill their offspring ? 
  sounds like the child should be the second-class citizen instead in your eyes . 
  s-switzerland ? 
  wait a second . 
  every time someone mentions jesus in a discussion related to islam there are three people to tell him how important jesus is in islam . 
  yet this man said happy easter online and was then murdered . 
  unless he regularly mentions jesus online , then that hardly seems like a coincidence . 
  otherwise , why murder him now as opposed to months ago ? 
  where have you been ? 
  kind of . 
  the two people you are talking about are turks who arrived legally just like anyone else would and then applied for refugee status based on ` problems between relatives ' at home . 
  at that point they were given special permission to stay in japan while their cases were reviewed . 
  so japan did n't invite , accept , or `` take in '' these two men . 
  people are saying nothing changed but actually my school paid a guy to sit at the front door and look inside our bags as we came in . 
  it was an interesting idea that brought all of the inconvenience with none of the security . 
  i wonder if they run the tsa back in the states ? 
  what 's wrong with being the fringe ? 
  tough times ahead for the country earth . 
  it 's true . 
  most high school kids ca n't understand this type of material , but once they reach college they 're ready for the honest , objective truth that america is the best . 
  dog bless america !, 
  our problem is that we want to have our fingers in all the pies . 
  this requires the pax americana policy . 
  might be a good way to make room for their new neighbors . 
  i agree . 
  my point was just that estonia can categorize uber as something else , but will uber have to pay fees comparable to taxi services ? 
  because over here in paris tradition is to burn tires and beat folks up over that type of stuff . 
  we can call it or categorize it however we want , but as you implied there is obvious competiton between uber , taxis , and public transportation , which is why the taxi drivers are upset . 
  euro truck simulator 3 : belarussian boogaloo, 
  usa was the same . 
  you might be right . 
  he might be misquoting it deliberately . 
  it 's also possible that he just did n't think too much before posting . 
  i had to read what you posted a couple of times to be sure i got it . 
  in english , the phrase `` played no role whatsoever '' does not state explicitly `` in what ? '' . 
  here it is apparent after a little thought that the `` what '' is the method of policing and the details given or withheld from the public . 
  it might have been nice to add that little bit on to the end of the sentence , but there may have been translation issues , i have no idea . 
  shh !, 
  we had a perfect reputation until you gave us away !, 
  would it be inappropriate for me to start a usa chant right now ? 
  sounds like something a communist would say . 
   year 1 it 's kindergarten . 
  steal the german word like a normal language . 
  the word is `` civilized '' you barbarian . 
  that 's right . 
  as a christian i have a much harder obligation to fulfill , that being to treat other people the way i would want to be treated . 
  i 'm not familiar with it but it sounds like it 's somewhere in the not america region of my homemade globe . 
  `` they 've become self-aware !, 
  quick , shut it down ! '', 
  we have these in paris . 
  i saw one in the champ de mars tour eiffel rer c station . 
  the issue is not russia . 
  it is the russian government and media . 
  i 'm interested in source-to-sea descents of rivers , and one of the more interesting ones out there is an expedition done on the yenesei . 
  they started in mongolia , and had some mishaps due to flooding . 
  there is too much cool stuff for me to tell it all , but they basically made it to irkutsk and outfitted a little wooden boat , then rowed that all the way to the arctic . 
  you can google `` yenisey river expedition '' if that sort of thing interests you , there are films and books and online blog posts by the guys who did it . 
  the fact that you use the word american as if it is a negative thing is very belgian . 
  shh . 
  `` more worship of allah reminders that sharia law is the only true law articles about infidels being burned alive '' i think we 're going to have to cut visa waivers for residents of r/europe to visit other subs before its too late . 
  pushing for official recognition of terrorists leads to the situation we have now in which more and more people in the west hate jews that defend themselves and love palestinians who bomb people , for no reason other than they 've been programmed to think that way . 
  just to chime in , in english if i say `` i would n't sell that at any price '' that means unequivocally that i would never sell that , ever , no matter the offer . 
  i was about to say , i 'm glad we 're doing this , you can thank us later . 
  you need your jealous female friend to protect you from your crazy controlling ex-girlfriend . 
  we 'll keep her away from you , do n't worry !, 
  our dear leader will not suffer such a slight !, 
  fair enough . 
  in the usa we have 15 seat vans ( guessing you have them in europe too ) , and a special license ( cdl ) is needed depending on the state . 
  for example , i grew up in virginia where you would n't need one . 
  the van seats 15 normally . 
  it feels like you are n't thinking this through . 
  eu members do not equal us states . 
  the two situations are completely different . 
  there are different types of security , like physical security and economic security . 
  for example , the eu might decide to incorporate an eu country with the aim to increase its economy , or maybe just to take some lower wage workers . 
  whatever the reason , the usa might feel differently , and therefore would not want to take the same action as the eu . 
  if you want this to happen , then do what the us did with its states : give up more local power to a federal entity and become one sovereign entity . 
  if you are n't willing to let people from romania vote on your affairs , why whine about the us not wanting to take a blanket visa-free approach to romania ? 
  nothing . 
  what 's being suggested by some is the automatic removal of the visa process for all eu members , which i argue against above . 
  automatically allowing people to arrive visa-free to the us and then refusing them entry would be a terrible solution , the current system is infinitely better . 
  edit : i want to thank everyone for participating . 
  as an american that lives in france , this little exercise in futility was an exciting reminder of daily life . 
  we 'll be starting a fund to bring back logic to a good portion of the country for those willing to donate to this cause . 
  moldova would be into the eu , but as the us is n't in the eu does n't really give a hoot as to what riff-raff the eu decide to let in , has no obligation to do anything . 
  if the us were bordering hell itself and decided to enter into agreements with it , those agreements would have absolutely no bearing on the visa status of residents of hell anywhere else but the us . 
  yes , i know . 
  as i tried to point out , if moldova became an eu member tomorrow , it would n't be logical for the us to be forced to admit moldovan citizens to the us . 
  then i tried to point out how absurd it would be for the eu ( for example ) to be forced to accept afghanis merely because their country entered a union with a country with visa-free status . 
  i can see both sides , but i guess i 'm a little biased . 
  if the eu admits moldova does that mean that the us has to let moldovans into the us visa-free ? 
  what if the us enters into a similar union with afghanistan , does that mean that the eu must allow afghanis to enter visa free ? 
  these are still sovereign countries , and though they may be in a union with other countries there are still differences that affect visa requirements . 
  i do n't know anything about price fixing but i know package delivery service sucks in france . 
  i got better service in china . 
  i 'm using a stupid pun , as phlegm is the english word for mucus-like material that you cough up when you are sick or if you smoke , etc. 
  just be thankful he did n't write it in phlegmish .
