  yes , i know , but he is french . 
  he 's french . 
  would this raise real estate prices in the german areas close to the proposed tunnel ? 
  such as heiligenhafen . 
  eat a snickers , nico . 
  you turn into a moody parisian when you 're hungry . 
  you 're right , what you are talking about has nothing to do with laws , or policies . 
  in fact , it has little to do with the topic i was discussing with ` problemy ' above . 
  just a side note : their ethnicities do n't matter . 
  if you do n't agree with me that 's your business . 
  but i find that often people who disagree have to use sentences like `` that is the reality of the situation '' , as if by saying that you have brought forth some sort of objective evidence or truth . 
  in fact what you have done is mention two anecdotes . 
  i am talking about policy , and i am advocating a system which at a minimum does not punish people who are willing to pay their rent because someone else did not , regardless of the reason that other person did not pay . 
  i 'm glad you got a good place , i got lucky as well in finding someone who did n't require a guarantor . 
  but the owners are n't being irrational , they realize that because of laws which make eviction difficult , even people who can afford to pay rent may refuse to do so . 
  the horror stories of non-paying tenants are everywhere . 
  you 're right , diminishing inequality is a good idea for everyone . 
  to provide more detail to the way i think , i would like to live in a system in which we attempt to provide equal opportunities in education and employment , but we do not provide subsidies and protections for everything . 
  to give another example , many foreigners have problems finding a place to rent in paris . 
  one main reason for this is that the government has made it very difficult to evict a tenant , making landlords take countermeasures such as demanding a french guarantor who will pay the rent in the case the tenant does not . 
  this hurts honest people who are willing to pay their rent ( like me ) , as i have to either pay one or two years of rent in advance , or live far enough away from paris that i can find a landlord who does n't require a guarantor . 
  so in an effort to protect people who do n't pay their rent , we are hurting people who are paying their rent . 
  this notion is repeated in many aspects of french society ad nauseum . 
  it goes both ways . 
  no system is perfect for everybody . 
  for example , here in paris salaries for entry-level software developers are pitiful compared to the us when considering the cost of living ratio . 
  companies wo n't offer higher salaries if they risk hiring people that they will have difficulty firing . 
  so we are secure in our low-paying jobs . 
  but it is better if you are receiving the social benefits that come from everyone 's paychecks and taxes , or are a poor employee , or have fewer skills , etc. 
  however the system that would benefit me the most would be something like the us . 
  conquering inequality is not my primary concern , candidly speaking . 
  companies do n't like seeing a twenty year gap in the cv timeline . 
  the experts in unpaid internships . 
  i would totally agree if this were about someone with citizenship in the respective country . 
  if an immigrant does n't follow the rules , then perhaps they should n't get their permission to stay renewed . 
  buying a house in the neighborhood i linked is quite expensive . 
  it may not be london , but [ here ] ( http://www.seloger.com/list.htm?ci=780686&amp;idtt=2&amp;idtypebien=2%2c13%2c14 ) is a generic search on houses in the area . 
  edit : this particular town is very well connected to paris . 
  the train to paris-montparnasse takes about 20 minutes , and there are three different train routes , plus a brand new tram opening on saturday that goes to v\u00e9lizy , where many companies are . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@48.8025612,2.1735946,3a,75y,41.46h,72.9t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1slswvsnjkgu_7vm176vqzya!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo3.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3dlswvsnjkgu_7vm176vqzya%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d316.88986%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is a nice neighborhood in the suburbs of paris . 
  the look is typical of some of the suburbs : the style of the houses which incorporates a lot of stone , the fences , the narrow sidewalks . 
  the men must never bathe if they 're pulling down the average that much . 
  as long as you are consistent and do n't hound the us for selling weapons to saudi arabia et al. 
  i read the whole thing . 
  i live here but i do n't stay connected to local news , so i appreciate it . 
  i guess there is n't really a set rule for flair use . 
  i 've resisted using a french flag despite the fact that i live in france . 
  if i had french citizenship i would probably use a french flair . 
  i could probably gather slightly fewer downvotes that way , but oh well . 
  get it together iceland . 
  i want to see a perfectly even 3 people per square kilometer spread come next census . 
  west virginia was a part of virginia until the civil war . 
  the carolinas and dakotas were created incorporated as states at the same time , respectively . 
  we contributed !, 
  you 're welcome , france . 
  france is a pretty centralized country . 
  there are a few other places where i could develop software , but the vast majority are in the ile-de-france region . 
  in order to increase purchasing power , serious decentralization would have to occur . 
  this would be great for people who have n't bought a home in the ile-de-france region , but if you have , your property would devalue greatly . 
  i 'm guessing it would be an economic disaster . 
  yes , and most importantly , intercity trains are best when you need to service a whole line of cities , like in the northeastern corridor , or the west coast . 
  having a train from chicago to san francisco makes no sense since ( relatively ) no one is getting on or off between those two points . 
  it is in r/europe , so get used to it . 
  that 's a beautiful picture that i do n't recommend seeing in person . 
  paris on new year 's eve is a nightmare . 
  the metro trains become cattle cars , and the rer , advertised as running `` all night '' , actually ran one train every hour and a half to two hours . 
  wo n't be doing that again . 
  japan has placed heavy burdens on its working class to pay for its senior citizens . 
  people there are regularly working more than 12 hours a day . 
  what 's interesting is that in the early stages of the united states , people did normally identify as a person from a specific state . 
  obviously that has changed over time , but not for everyone . 
  for most people , state-identity exists mostly as a way to discuss the minor differences that they have with other states . 
  if someone moves they can tell others about that weird thing they do back in their previous state , or they can discuss that new weird thing people do in their new state . 
  it will be interesting to see how this plays out in the european union over time . 
  unfortunately , it will take a long , long time , mostly because of language barriers . 
  and will this camp be administered by wallonia , flanders , brussels , or a tri-partisan collective with special veto rights for all ? 
  i 'm starting to get the impression that you do n't love america . 
  mrkopalj -  mrk -  merc -  mercator -  hl3 confirmed, 
  sounds like it is certainly greater than five times then . 
  are you talking about the mercator projection created in 1596 ? 
  yes , having the country as the icon makes this confusing . 
  russia 's economy certainly is more than five times that of moldova . 
  misleading , if you ask me . 
  you know nothing of the subject , as evidenced by your `` alright then '' response below . 
  you have nothing to say because you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  keep your hands off the keyboard if you have no coherent input . 
  some people have allowed themselves to be consumed by emotion and are no longer interesting in have a discussion . 
  they just want to make their points , and as such they do n't need to wait for an appropriate moment to do so . 
  if they see an article about someone doing something bad , they 'll use it as a segway to their point of why the people they dislike are the true villains . 
  as an american i run across this a lot . 
  certain countries become the villains for a short time . 
  turkey is taking it 's turn for now . 
  but the big countries like the usa or russia tend to gather a lot of opposition . 
  it 's part of being from one of these countries . 
  you take the perks that come with the passport as well as the preconceived ideas others have about you . 
  you think this is bad ? 
  you have n't seen anything yet . 
  this article is n't worth the paper it 's printed on , even online . 
  yes , it 's quite interesting , i think . 
  the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posse_comitatus_act ) has a lot of information .
