  once the country has better congressional representatives , we should ... * lessen federal power . 
  over time , the idea of 50 states giving power to the federal government in specific cases for specific tasks that are better performed at the federal level has changed . 
  now , the system is much more the federal government giving power to the states in areas where it has not yet found a way or reason to take power for itself . 
  there are pros and cons to both systems , but the former was something that was special about the us , and is n't anymore . 
  with better representatives and a decentralization of power , i think that other problems become easier to solve . 
  currently , my local representative is either a democrat or republican who relies more on corporations for their campaign funds and then is forced to cater more to their corporation sponsors . 
  with more political parties and more power in the hands of local leaders , the public will have a reason to pay attention and not feel so helpless and tend to be inactive in important affairs . 
  for example : federal spending : with more competent congressmen who are not in the pockets of defense contractors or pharmaceutical companies ( just examples ) , we can cut federal spending that is not needed , and transfer some spending that is needed to the states , where i believe it will be spent more wisely . 
  ( the us generates a lot of money , and the fact that we actually spend about as much as we generate is a little insane ) military : the list of presidential actions which have sent soldiers overseas for combat without congressional approval is quite long . 
  with decreased federal power , it should n't be hard for congress to change the war powers resolution to a system in which congress must authorize action . 
  military combat is serious business , it should n't be one man 's final say as to who the us enters into combat against . 
  i could go on with other examples , but these are just to show how more diverse and decentralized government could be hugely beneficial to the us . 
  i moved to paris last year , and was going to complain about the french cigarette smokers , but then i checked statistics and found that my good old usa does more of it . 
  in english , `` the public '' is the civilian population of a place . 
  yes , but the tradition has to start somewhere . 
  after that , it can be secularized . 
  it probably did not start in the us because of the lack of saints . 
  europe is probably a little different because other groups besides catholics have saints . 
  ... and by the way many christians still care about the religious part of christmas . 
  new york has an airport too , but we like to land the planes in the river every once and a while just to keep everyone on their toes . 
  joan of arc , socrates , ibrahim and khalid el-bakraoui . 
  to be fair to them most westerners that i know do not enjoy life in china . 
  some can tolerate for awhile and then leave . 
  more stubborn folks stay there and either learn to appreciate the good parts , or spend all day complaining about it on reddit . 
  i forgot what the name of it was in the propaganda leaflets . 
  the area that separates you from north ireland , aka the dpri . 
  it 's okay , i 've read the papers . 
  hopefully you guys can be reunited after the junta in the north falls . 
  until then , stay out of the dmz , i guess . 
  do n't worry , most of us know about southern ireland . 
  why are the german authorities presenting the russians with a written apology in regards to a german diplomat condemning the russian annexation of crimea as a violation of international law ? 
  so you think americans are dumb ? 
  actually his guess of 10 % is almost certainly much closer to the true figure than the given figure of 3 % . 
   weather that is good or bad depends on how you feel about the frog leg rains mentioned in the top comment i guess ... 
  only in canada can a car have a truck . 
  try saying any of this with an american flair . 
  i double dog dare you . 
  but why do we need to collect from country a to redistribute right back to country a ? 
  sorry , i was n't very clear . 
  i 'm not talking about the visualization , but the actual transfers . 
  why not just tell spain `` you 're receiving some small amount of euros this year '' instead of `` you contribute x euros and we will give you a x + some small amount '' ? 
  would n't it be better to calculate the difference between the amount received and the amount given so that countries either contribute or receive , but not both ? 
  it seems like that would simplify things and possibly reduce the amount of middlemen . 
  or does the organization of the various agencies in the eu not work like that ? 
  i did n't know what a krymchak was , so i looked it up . 
  they 're jews too ( according to wikipedia ) ... 
  i 'm a conservative american , and i believe he made one good point about america ( i do n't know if sweden 's taxes are better or not as a whole ) . 
  the complexity of income tax is stupid . 
  we 've created an industry out of something that should be simple . 
  i disagree with most of his other points , especially his introduction . 
  if you want to go to an island , pay to go there . 
  i do n't want to pay for your ferry tickets , and i 'm not going to the island myself , so i do n't care what the price is . 
  somebody give this guy a round of applause for his language ability !, 
  op you have n't even commented on an article for a year . 
  you do nothing but post links about the ukraine and russia . 
  i 'm very much pro-ukraine and anti-russia but the answer to russian propaganda machines is not ukrainian propaganda machines . 
  see my edit . 
  it is in a child 's best interests to be born . 
  same for the ability to sleep and feed . 
  more importantly , there is nothing conflicting with a paternity test . 
  the child can still feed and sleep . 
  the only conflicting thing is the french attitude . 
  i have to say , your phrase `` your need to find out what sperm was used '' is pretty callous . 
  what about infidelity , is n't that important ? 
  every french redditor here is bashing others for claiming that there is a lot of infidelity in france , and then you say that . 
  it reinforces the stereotype . 
  what are the interests of the child at one month old ? 
  sleeping , and feeding . 
  in addition , if the interests of the child really did trump the interests of the parents , why not ban abortions ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the child wants to develop from a fetus to an infant and be born . 
  edit : i made a logical mistake here . 
  interests of the child here are what is best for the child , not a child 's personal hobbies . 
  in any case , even though obviously being raised by 2 parents is the best solution for a child , i still hold that the truth needs to be brought to light . 
  attempting to hide it is n't a good policy . 
  imagine the devastation if the truth comes out when the child is an adolescent , not only for the child , but for the parents . 
  i brought this exact topic up in r/france a year or so ago and got rebuffed . 
  my take away is that people like to claim that most western countries are similar , but they are only similar in the context of the entire globe . 
  when making a single comparison , many are quite different . 
  appreciate the article occupythekremlin . 
  wait a second . 
  israel opened up one of their citizenship programs to ethiopian jews . 
  hey , me too . 
  congrats you guys . 
  a great day to be born . 
  not a very intelligent thing to say . 
  a sperm is one of the ingredients needed to create life , not an individual life itself . 
  okay , well i 'm not particularly in favor of contraceptive medication myself , so i wo n't argue for or against that . 
  your second point does n't make any sense . 
  a miscarriage is a tragedy , but there is nothing that can be done to save the fetus , to my knowledge . 
  if there is technology to monitor a pregnancy and alert a woman of a miscarriage in time to save the fetus , and a woman wants to use that , great . 
  it is certainly true that medically speaking , women carry the risk in a pregnancy . 
  men and women have different roles to play in life , this one is a woman 's . 
  men and women both share responsibility for unwanted pregnancies , since they both participated to create the pregnancy . 
  personally i 'm not that worried about the failures of modern contraceptive devices since i am not particularly in favor of them anyway . 
  the census example was a silly example for you to bring up since it has nothing to do with the definition of human life , which is the subject . 
  who is and is not a citizen of a certain country is irrelevant . 
  yes , i do oppose my country 's foreign policy . 
  now , back to the topic at hand , on which you have had little to say so far . 
  a fetus is a prenatal human . 
  i used the word child because you used it in your silly analogy of parent 's rights to make decisions for their children .
