  pack it up everybody , crisis averted . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  people make a culture . 
  their attitude , their behavior , their beliefs . 
  so if the person comes to finland they will decide to stop wasting their lives on drugs ? 
  not to create single-parent homes ? 
  to avoid credit card debt ? 
  obviously not . 
  we just have a lower calibur of people , period . 
  there is a culture of ignorance that persists in the us among many people . 
  i highly doubt that the lower reaches of american society are comparable to their finnish counterparts . 
  some are unlucky , most ca n't make good decisions . 
  i 'm sick of these migrant temperatures that cross the borders whenever they please . 
  yet another instance of europeans meddling in the affairs of our fine corporate establishments . 
  you all should be ashamed . 
  this is what most americans have been saying , but strangely their comments have been found near the bottom of every thread . 
  wow . 
  europe must be pretty weak if they just dragged into things because of america 's sheer willpower . 
  so the europe subreddit is n't a good place to discuss the faults europe may have ? 
  no need to be sarcastic . 
  well , i guess we just disagree . 
  i feel absolutely no obligation to stay and pick up the pieces left behind by corrupt people who would have left the country with their money at the first sign of trouble . 
  if someone wants to restrict my rights because of that , that 's their choice . 
  well , i see your point , but it 's just a fact that traveling anywhere on an afghani passport is really difficult compared to a european passport . 
  so if you 're an afghani who is eligible for a european passport , you 'd be crazy not to take it just for the travel benefits alone . 
  it 's not just about being visa-free . 
  it 's also about the costs of visas which vary by agreement between countries , as well as the rate of refusal based solely on your nationality . 
  for example , the usa unabashedly denies many people visas all the time based on their nationality , even if they 've studied abroad or have many qualifications . 
  heck , we require anyone who was born in iran to apply for a visa , even if they gave up their iranian citizenship and have a european or other passport which would normally grant visa-free access . 
  actually , they can if they want to . 
  they can do this by requiring you to provide documentation proving that you went to your ( american , in your example ) embassy and renounced your citizenship . 
  if you do n't provide this document to them in your citizenship application , you ca n't become a citizen . 
  wow , that is such a short-sighted thing to say , it 's hard to know where to start . 
  off the top of my head : * if you married a foreigner . 
  * if you want to live in a country without doing paperwork every year . 
  * if you come from a relatively unprivileged country , and would like to be able to have further privileges like being able to travel visa-free . 
  * if you would like to be able to do all the things foreigners are excluded from doing in many countries . 
  just because you become a citizen of a new country does not mean that you are going to want to give up any previous citizenships . 
  doing so might make it difficult to even visit , much less move back one day , depending on the country . 
  every country has lots of rules . 
  being a citizen is almost always infinitely better than being an outsider . 
  veal see about that . 
  i never sausage a fuss made over something so silly . 
  found the frenchman . 
  well of course not . 
  i 've been instructed that it 's when a white family wants to adopt a white kid that the injustice occurs . 
  they are counting the general populace . 
  you can see this if you look at the general numbers . 
  approximately 5.8 trillion cigarettes smoked worldwide , divided by ( very ) approximately 5.8 billion people aged 15 + , gives a very rough figure of 1000 cigarettes per person in this age group , which is about the average as seen on the map . 
  so if you are a 15 + years old on planet earth , you smoked ( 1000/365  3 cigarettes today . 
  the stereotype of the french smoking a lot is n't true in a relative sense . 
  for example , take a look at these statistics : http://www.tobaccoatlas.org/topic/cigarette-use-globally/ http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.sdg.3-a-viz?lang=en france is in the middle of the pack , and they smoke less than many other countries , of whom i have never noticed a smoking-related article . 
  how many articles have we seen about the smoking in switzerland ? 
  even the netherlands ? 
  i knew when i saw this question that paris would be one of the top answers . 
  allow me to make the argument for paris : * it probably is true that paris is the most overrated city in europe , but that 's because people have expectations that surpass anything currently found on the earth . 
  i know for a fact that many people in china think this way about paris , i believe that many south koreans and japanese are similar . 
  paris is n't going to make you smarter by visiting , it is n't a 2001 space odyssey obelisk . 
  just come expecting a great environment , and you 'll get it . 
  if you come in july and do n't expect the city to be crowded , you really have only your own poor planning to blame . 
  * living in paris and visiting paris are very different experiences . 
  if the question had been not been the tourist experience , then i think it would have been much less reasonable to answer with paris . 
  spending your morning visiting the eiffel tower may leave some dissapointed , but if you pass by it on your way to school like i did for two years , it 's a great experience . 
  living in paris means you are n't here to see the museums , you 're here to enjoy walking through great neighborhoods every day for years , even if they are n't noted in the guide books for housing attractions . 
  * i ca n't think of a single city of paris ' size that i would call relaxing . 
  when i visit new york city it 's definitely not relaxing , and when i lived in china it was even less so . 
  so instead of picking on paris , we could just say no gigantic cities are relaxing . 
  * language is very important in urban ( or just general ) development , and there is n't another francophone city that even comes close to paris . 
  when we talk about english cities we could compare new york and london ( at a minimum ) , and for spanish cities there is madrid , barcelona , and a whole bunch of large central and south american cities . 
  but when naming grand french cities , the list for me is pretty much paris . 
  maybe brussels and geneva as well if you consider those francophone , but to me those are n't in the same category . 
  tl ; dr if you realize that paris has the issues of any other very large city , and is the most visited city on earth , it is n't so bad . 
  overrating it is an issue with the evaluator , not paris . 
  `` 2000 's europe sucks . '', 
  - victorian . 
  so you admit we are liberators !, 
  my name is sterling and i resent this . 
  in photo 2 there is a boy wearing something similar to a jewish kippah on his head . 
  is he actually jewish or is this a finnish head covering ? 
  guys , you got to the semifinals , it 's okay . 
  you do n't need to spend billions on defense . 
  maybe few million on offense , but other than that the team is great . 
  yes usa is the second worst in this list . 
  but this list does n't even include india or indonesia , so who knows the actual ranking . 
  this list has 118 teams , whereas i believe there are around 207 fifa national teams . 
  i assume some people are driving over to germany , stealing recycled goods , driving back to the czech republic and throwing it all in the trash . 
  if the us tried to occupy china then they would have problems worse than vietnam . 
  but nobody is talking about that , everyone is talking about containing china , that 's all . 
  i live in europe . 
  who is trolling who ? 
  well i 'm a conservative christian . 
  in fact i 'm such a repressive , fundamentalist , extremist , other-bad-adjective-ist person that i 'm against prostitution , so if you have anything else you 'd like to say , go ahead and let it out . 
  hopefully people educated themselves on their loans so they stop prostituting themselves . 
  edit : lol at the downvote and no reply . 
  do n't be a coward , stand by your belief in the face of the people you are mocking . 
  i do n't understand your phrase ` sex negative ' , but i guess it does n't really matter . 
  the real question is , why are people engaging in prostitution if they do n't need to ? 
  as you said , their debt will be eventually erased or repaid when they get a job , so why do this ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  the belgian alphabet uses a few letters that smoke cigarettes .
