the f22 obviously . 
  i got ta say , i like the concept of the more maneuverable pak fa ( t-50 ) better . 
  hopefully we never have to see those two planes facing each other . 
  thanks for the heads up, 
  it 's even on the daily mails youtube channel, 
  it 's hardly funny , but should not be a reason to fire him : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de5evx0ma2u, 
  fanboi much ? 
  the right side of his history . 
   and a hungarian one in burgenland . 
  do n't forget about the croatian minority , the burgenlandkroaten . 
  there are signs in hungarian ( eg : fels\u0151\u0151r - oberwart ) and croatian ( eg : \u010cajta - schachendorf ) . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the fp\u00d6 already is in the `` landtag '' in burgenland and they have not shown any interest in changing the bilingual signs . 
  hardly anyone wants them gone here . 
  2/3 did n't vote far right . 
  personal freedom is not the same as economic freedom . 
  in our country money is n't free speech . 
  leading with ~ 36,7 %, 
  i 'm all for lugner . 
  i 'd love to see him score above hundstorfer and kohl . 
   most of the top fp\u00d6 officials are pan-germanists but they do n't dare to say it openly on camera . 
  on the other hand i doubt they would like to be under the rule of merkel with her current policy . 
   btw most candidates give ttip being bad for the environment and bad for the local farmers as their reasons for saying no . 
  while in reality most of them are saying it because it 's a popular opinion and no one can afford to loose voters . 
   a no to ttip in it 's current form !, 
  griess says it 's missing transparency - so she 's not opposed on signing it as soon as she decides there 's enough transparency . 
  hofer wants a referendum in austria , which is actually a good thing . 
  hundstorfer has faith in the european parlament and governments to decide when to sign it . 
  so not really opposed . 
  khol states , he actually likes the idea of a free trade agreement , but wants more freedom and higher standards . 
  lugner is the only candidate against ttip . 
  van der bellen is sceptical of ttip , he does n't want worse conditions for farmers or workers . 
  since he is a fan of a united europe he would not fight it , if the eu finally signs the agreement . 
   one completely unassociated to any party at all ( griss ) do n't forget about lugner , 
   the poem was `` deliberately offensive '' as she described even b\u00f6hmermann himself said it was offensive the poem should n't even be a thing , the presentation was more important/intersting . 
   obama is still popular in the eu lol wut . 
  i 've personally decided if a page needs to have a script detecting what kind of scripts i 'm running , the page is not worth my time . 
  i 'd write in jesse ventura . 
  this is a hoax . 
  those pictures were deliberately used as propaganda, 
   `` russia should not even think about trying '' to destabilise poland or one of the baltic states . 
  you should know that destabilizing whole countries is n't a matter of a strong infantry invading , but a `` revolt movement '' in the country itself . 
  only took them 20 years [ german source ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000034922007/tschechien-heisst-jetzt-auch-amtlich-so ), 
  but they were  potentially provocative lol, 
   `` i will show you what leading a country really means , '' oh god . 
  [ slightly relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yavbvk8ruqg ), 
  we also have a habit of calling czechs `` bem '' which is short for `` bohemians '', 
  til we are mute, 
  it 's `` tschechien '' in german, 
  there is no line to be drawn with peoms . 
  ah good old european diversity, 
   still better than how they silence us in turkey  http://i.imgur.com/bmbmbxf.jpg this is just a dental exam . 
  they do n't have a lv top level domain . 
  they could have included the information , that she 's been part of the aidar battalion . 
  she is n't just your regular footsoldier who was drafted . 
  i always liked bernd lucke for his wording . 
  i did n't like the way journalists tried to push him into the direction they needed him to go . 
  statistically even suvs are n't fully loaded with people most of the time . 
  if a sportscar has good fuel efficiency and is still keeping up with competition i think that 's a good model . 
  more weight and height = worse drag , fuel efficiency , stopping distance , body roll and less life of wear and tear parts like breaks , clutch , tyres and so on . 
  it may to a certain degree help you in an accident but generally speaking weight equals disadvantages, 
   and sits low so a pothole will wreck it and your available parking spaces are severely limited by the height of the curb . 
  caterham tends to disagree with those points . 
   lol it 's 2016 and people still complain about suvs . 
  they have n't changed , so yeah . 
  there is a need for lightweight fun cars but except for handicapped or hunting guys , suvs are just for show offs and there are more downsides to them as there are upsides . 
  better mpg , less emissions since you do n't need the same powerlevels to retain the same perfomance , takes less space , uses less breaks, 
  a small and light sportscar makes alot more sense in fact . 
  like the x6 which also does n't make alot of sense in a medieval city center ? 
  why so much hate for this comment ? 
  volker pispers is a genius . 
  stop buying vw . 
  it seems all they 've done here in europe so far is increase their budget for advertisement, 
  the atf would like to have word with you . 
  finally somebody is admitting where to eu is really heading to . 
  ca n't wait for the presidential debates and elections with a 2 party system . 
  cool story bro, 
  he 's a trekkie by heart . 
  nikki lauda was slammed by german media for calling kubica a `` polak '', 
  i think even russians have respect for the finns after they paid a heavy toll in the winter war . 
   anyway i hope that austria and other neutral countires will face the fact that neutrality does not realy exist and that military integration is the way to go . 
  switzerland would like to show you otherwise . 
  which is good since austrians historically made the worst decisions on battlefields . 
  the farther you go east from the us the more dangerous it gets . 
  wait why would a europhile call the brexit a treason ? 
  we should start using shockshotpistol in english . 
  read my post again . 
  i specifically said opposing power . 
  sadly that 's not how it works . 
  if one superpower does not play by the book , the opposing power has to react or risk getting pushed back . 
  this is exactly what has happened with nato expanding into eastern europe . 
  they knew russia would never give up crimea , yet they pushed for a `` change '' . 
  give and take really, 
  sadly that 's not how it works . 
  if one superpower does not play by the book , the opposing power has to react or risk getting pushed back . 
  this is exactly what has happened in with nato expanding into eastern europe . 
  they knew russia would never give up crimea , yet they pushed for a `` change '' . 
  give and take really, 
  and the us has military advisors on the ground directly cooperating with rebels . 
  those are n't even pmc , they are active serviceman in special ops .
