  he does n't look like he 's bodybuilding though / s, 
  at least that 's what we will be told here in the eu, 
  as an austrian brought up without any traditions i strongly feel like this is just an excuse the get hammered , do stupid shit and not get prosecuted for it . 
  generally rules should apply all the year and for everyone . 
  you must be living a city , meanwhile other austrians are happy with 5-7mbit / s out of their landline connection . 
  we already have a global proxy war going on . 
  russia would not leave this strategic position in the middle east without a serious fight . 
  and start an all out war with russia over who gets northern syria ? 
  i thought only russia had these ? 
  * cough * * cough *, 
  the german part about roaming costs afterwards is way more funny imho . 
  more like satire country . 
  and yet they have interesting sections that are being published no where else in mainstream , because they do n't seem to fit the general agenda . 
  it does n't have to make you feel anything . 
  farage was offered a job while king already had one for years . 
  where 's the outcry and king pushing russian propaganda ? 
  the butthurt is strong here , even larry king has his own rt show . 
  so what ? 
  anything not mainstream = russian biased propaganda ? 
  crosses on walls or necklaces ? 
  well we did move them to the german border as fast as we could , 
  breaking : obama using cia tactics in the middle east . 
  i refused to learn french , so i ended up with 6 years of latin and not a single spoken sentence . 
  the russian life news tv channel said that one russian border guard was killed and three were wounded, 
  some people said the pilot shooting down the russian plane was part of the branch of military that started the coup . 
   people carrying out firearms with no proper education will rather escalate situations rather than resolve them that 's why i 'm an advocate of proper training before someone is able to concealed carry a handgun and shall-issue jurisdiction in the us . 
  you are actually being taught not to try to be a hero , but to save your life first . 
  this is what most people get wrong , they think people in the us are training to be like rambo and fight off  4 bad guys single-handedly , which is simply unrealistic . 
  most mass shooters are/were mentally ill to some degree . 
  disabling them in any way before they can hurt more innocent people should be a top priority . 
  us police is fucked up due to the degree of violence they face every day . 
  the rate of aggressivity over there is on a whole other level and we might never be able to comprehend americans for that reason alone . 
  terrorists and thugs are n't afraid of our policeforce anymore . 
  somebody who is willing to die for some sort of cause is n't going to stop because they might get in a confrontation with them . 
  when i was in germany telling a policeman at the airport i was going to the caribbean for holiday , he gave me the advice to watch out since he considered it not as safe as germany . 
  i could n't help myself and tell him that i 'd believe germany was more likely to become a place where random attacks may get you killed . 
  this was a few months before the whole munich showdown . 
   less appealing for them it 's never less apealing if they get media coverage out of it . 
  i 'm simply happy that i have the right to adequately protect myself and loved ones at home . 
  i have no desire to carry a firearm out in public , but i feel like we are slowly becoming more and more dependent on law enforcement when it comes to self defense . 
  i 'd like to see more civil courage and people standing up to these senseless attacks . 
  imho that 's the only way to deal with this threat and not by giving up more personal rights and freedom . 
  but these are n't just people snapping , some of them tried obtaining illegal guns for nearly a year before they actually got them . 
  we see less reactionary criminals and more planned attacks . 
  we also hear about the criminals being known to the police but they ca n't stop them in time . 
  these kind of people will always find a way to harm as much people as they can and no law will stop them . 
  swords have been used in sports for more than 100 years . 
  in this case they are tools . 
  you consider a tomahawk a weapon , while native americans have been using these as multitools for centuries . 
  by the same means you 're saying our axes are weapons as well . 
  of course a gun is primarily designed to shoot , but is a sword a weapon or a tool ? 
  or a tomahawk or machete ? 
  these things always were used as both , we 're just not used to these anymore . 
  depends on the user . 
  with one i can practice a sport and the other one might be used to cut off heads of socalled `` infidels '' . 
  having both - they are tools in my eyes . 
  looking at britains legislation , both of them are illegal to carry . 
  but both were illegal to carry , right ? 
  the are as effective as your knife laws . 
  thugs will always break laws . 
  eastern austria still has plenty of room and little to no mountains . 
  if you believe that tighter gun control does actually get rid of these events , yeah . 
  what 's even more sad is the fact that there are still people falling for this agenda . 
  thanks for the update . 
  thank you for this one . 
  they even waited 2 years , which is good . 
  but they were not asking whether the sensation overall had changed , just checking sexual satisfaction and function . 
  i do believe that you can last longer if your glans is not as sensitive as it used to be so that would explain the overall increase in satisfaction , since lasting longer is a desirable thing . 
  they are either circumcised or not . 
  there 's not a single person in this test who had the sensation of both . 
  like i said , i acknowledge these tests , but i do n't think they are conclusive since perception of feelings/sensitivity varies and can not be measured in any unit . 
  a true test can only be done with the same person , which seems nearly impossible . 
  so you 're saying the glans does not harden and dry up without the foreskin ? 
  i 've read a fair bit of both sides tbh and i think the cons outweigh the pros in this case . 
  since there is nearly no way of having the same guy report on how circumcision changed his sensitivity all `` evidence '' we have are different men reporting on how sex feels for them and a few numbers regarding how long they can last . 
  this is n't showing us anything in regards of how the feeling changes for the same person . 
  the only useful evidence in this case are adult men who had sex prior to getting circumcised and waiting to have sex again until the surface of the externalized glans dried out , thickens , and toughens up to the point of someone who has been circumcised as a child . 
  i do n't think anyone has yet done such an experiment . 
  since circumcision is not considered mutilation yet , yes . 
  jews tend to not go to professionals since their own people have been perfecting the act for thousands of years . 
  so does preemptively removing the appendix and yet you do n't see this alot with kids of this age . 
  can confirm . 
  switzerland is something we would like to be ourself . 
  ladin or italian ? 
  since there is no way for you to tell how sex would feel without the cornification of your glans , `` just fine '' can mean anything . 
  i have no problem with this decision myself , but i can understand the rabbi on the other hand . 
  i 'd ban any religious act done to kids but that 's highly unlikely to happen . 
   they can choose to get it done at 18 if thats what they want that 's not gon na work for jews . 
  but it 's not only cosmetic . 
  it does change the glans and how sex feels . 
  with or without merkel ? 
  but they do n't really want to come back . 
   everything is possible for money , so they are as un-communist now as possible . 
  that 's how communist countries `` worked '' for most of the time . 
  romania is n't low tech , you guys have a higher avarage and peak internet connection speed than austria and germany . 
  the euro is n't doing very well either . 
  got some oil ? 
  welcome to the eu . 
  where 's the schnitzel ? 
  it 's gon na be funny when the germans realize , they are pulling the weight of cee countries,
