  he should have claimed that he actually stole 2 separate purchases , both being under 420 zloty . 
  the comparison between usa and eu is terrible , it is not similar at all in any way . 
  i ca n't imagine the former ever working . 
  i do n't think its very little to do with it . 
  okay lets say its not that hard to find a job , but you can make so much more money doing the same job in western europe or usa . 
  the jobs in poland pay very little , even the jobs that require higher education get paid much better elsewhere . 
  hopefully it will get better over time , but for now thats how it is . 
  theres a reason why many poles have been leaving the country . 
  theres just not many jobs and not very well-paying jobs either . 
  so thats probably a reason . 
  i agree with everything beck2012 said as well . 
  i do n't see whats particularly bad about these pictures . 
  its clearly winter and cold so that gives the impression of `` depression '' but seems like people are just living normal life . 
  * snorts mucus due to the same unknown allergy *, 
  thats not the reason . 
  its clearly political . 
  is it surprising to anyone that russia is corrupt ? 
  no but its constantly in the news . 
  its because there are political interests there . 
  in arab countries they turn a blind eye because of possible skyrocketing oil prices . 
  in africa we turn a blind eye because quite simply no one cares and they have no resources to offer . 
  sad truth . 
  not to mention gays in saudi arabia and some other middle eastern countries are legally sentenced to death and executed . 
  but you never hear about that in the news . 
  surely you have seen [ belvedere ] ( http://www.eventsfy.com/assets/images/events/belvedere-vodka.jpg ) . 
  its just as popular as grey goose . 
  chopin is more rare . 
  do you have a link to the newsweek article ? 
  yes this is true . 
  in addition to the populations in new york state theres just as many in new jersey with several towns composing of nearly 50 % of polish populations . 
  as they say in polish sometimes `` poles are everywhere '', 
  i do n't think that fact has been true for several years now . 
  many cities in poland have many more people in it than the populations in chicago or new york . 
  i believe recently new york has surpassed chicago in polish population . 
  most of the new immigrants would rather come to the east coast . 
  i agree . 
  i just mentioned it because they are around the same price and sobieski is definitely of better quality . 
  \u017bubr\u00f3wka is definitely my favorite . 
  not really sure if i should have included as i suppose its more of a unique vodka with a completely different taste than your average one . 
  belvedere or chopin , still polish :p, 
  belvedere , chopin , wyborowa , some other lesser known ones . 
  belvedere is probably the most popular . 
  they are also more expensive . 
  its more of the economical vodka . 
  not the highest quality one . 
  its better than smirnoff though , in my opinion . 
  its probably real but they are n't really getting caught with anything . 
  they are just joking around . 
  this is how all politicians joke not only russian ones . 
  its useless garbage banter . 
  this is just joking banter . 
  its not really news or something shocking to me at least that they would be joking about these kinds of things . 
  i do n't know i was under the impression poland and other eastern european countries would be part of tea instead of coffee . 
  that never actually happened . 
  uh , the [ uk is one of the top countries with close trading ties with russia . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26436291 ), 
  i ca n't tell if you 're making fun of the situation or not . 
  no scary statements or sanctions will have an effect on putin . 
  and if it really does go extreme well the eu is going to be affected even more by their own sanctions . 
  ( reliant on trade with russia and gas which they can shut off ), 
  but if the eu collapses they are not going to have any money left for their war expansionist policy . 
  so they definitely must take those things into consideration . 
  i agree completely . 
  its a double edged sword . 
  politically , yes , it would be better for the west for ukraine to quickly join the eu . 
  however economically speaking it could create some major problems . 
  i think the eu literally could not handle to accept the ukraine any time soon . 
  it would just collapse . 
  this is true . 
  which brings me back to my point that these alliances for ukraine mean nothing and every country should know that . 
  ukraine should not have given up its nuclear missiles if it wanted to maintain sovereignty . 
  no military agreement is abided by forever . 
  yes well he declared war , [ but did n't do much else . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ), 
  poland also had a similar deal before world war 2 . 
  it was never followed . 
  they declared war but never actually did anything until [ months later ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) . 
  and by that time they only concentrated on the western front . 
  in essence never even reaching poland . 
  the point is , it means nothing . 
  and that 's exactly how russia would want it . 
  no revolution that makes the countries more aligned with the west . 
  it 's the only reason they took crimea . 
  they see ukraine will be aligned with the west and may even join nato eventually . 
  russia is taking what it can before it becomes impossible . 
  all this would not have happened if there was no revolution or protests . 
  it 's always losing something for gaining something . 
  not exactly independent state . 
  the exact wording is to go back to the 1992 status of crimea . 
  which would legally still make it a territory of ukraine but it would largely operate independently . 
  well i personally think a slavic union would be very beneficial to all of us . 
  if only russia was n't such an asshole it would be quite a mighty empire . 
  but instead all our small individual states beg usa for attention or for some weapons instead of working together to try to accomplish something . 
  the u.s. really could care less for eastern europe its simply an interest or buffer of theirs to keep russia back . 
  they do n't actually care for it . 
  i 've always maintained this belief . 
  i think a close union between countries around us are much more beneficial than basically begging for usa 's friendship . 
  in the short-run maybe its hard to see , but in the long-run the 4 countries can really develop a lot of mutual benefits for each other and become stronger overall . 
  whether it be economical , military , or technological benefits . 
  well if you looked at an old map of poland i suppose the shape of present day belarus is kind of similar ...
