i did n't mean reality in a negative way . 
  there are tons of other beautiful things to see in poland other than a stadium , a painting , and a mountain . 
  i just think they could have shown a little more of that instead of spending most of the video making animations . 
  eh i do n't like this at all . 
  spent too much time on animation and not enough time showing you the reality . 
  who goes to gdansk just to see the stadium anyway ? 
  uh no , russia has extremely high abortion rates . 
  which implies they do not pull out . 
  poland is obligated to join the eurozone since they are part of the eu . 
  there is no choice to say to merkel that we do n't feel like joining if the criteria is met . 
  sorry i meant to say eurozone . 
  smart leaders is a better word . 
  i do n't think any country joining the eurozone right now would be a good idea . 
  putin does not want russia be like the west in any way . 
  there is no blinding or fucking up in his eyes like you think . 
  it 's not like the soldiers have a choice . 
  they never did , in the soviet army if you did n't go fight or tried to retreat you were shot immediately . 
  as modernizing as they are . 
  russia still has just sheer numbers in personnel and equipment , and they are n't afraid to sacrifice a lot of people to achieve their goals . 
  so it really depends if russia goes `` all-in '' with everything they have . 
  thats only less stupid . 
  any encryption can always be cracked sooner or later , especially by large agencies who have a lot of time and money on their hands . 
  i think its more of the fact that its sunday and people want to their day of rest outdoors on that day lounging about and not want to hear loud buzzing . 
  this is the whole reason for the conflict . 
  not strange at all that he 's threatening again if ukraine goes closer to the eu . 
  poland just likes to cheer for poland in any sport , if they are good ( with the exception of football ), 
  two countries already made the abbreviation long , they should have just made it `` lpubrig '' when they added ukraine . 
  its wishful thinking that they would mobilize and help within 2 days . 
  i suspect lots of `` deep concern '' and `` outrage '' statements would occur . 
  i completely disagree with this . 
  you are over-simplifying the situation . 
  he is n't a hollywood movie character who would say `` lets live peacefully '' and then attack . 
  also ignoring the military and just concentrating on the economy is not a smart idea if russia will continue in expanding its military . 
  thats asking for trouble . 
  well you can see throughout history they were always just about using force with massive amounts of people . 
  they do n't seem to care too much about losses . 
  [ original video from the gif . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv4ijhz2yio&amp; ) plays a song and sings one , what a character . 
  he is being `` deeply concerned '' just like the rest of the west . 
  i thought sikorski was going to get this job . 
  did n't expect tusk would , besides i feel like his english is obviously not as good . 
  would n't language be pretty important for an international job . 
  i think an aggressive war against a nation is completely different to whether a country is recognized . 
  that 's not even comparable in terms of legitimacy . 
  well that 's laughable to me . 
  we 're talking about one specific instance . 
  there 's no reason to `` start with '' some wide view , it is irrelevant to this situation . 
  the point is what they did was a war crime . 
  yes i 'm sure there are many many more crimes but does n't change the fact . 
  also please explain what exactly is a `` legal '' invasion ? 
  simply declaring that you are invading makes it legal ? 
  i think [ this picture ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/77178000/jpg/_77178314_023637122-1.jpg ) is even better for the history books . 
  wow are those the words . 
  that 's interesting because italy is also mentioned in the polish national anthem . 
  actually yes , much worse things . 
  no problem . 
  we love to kiss your ass at any time you request . 
  well it 's not like a country like the u.s. follows those rules with their prisoners either . 
  fair enough . 
  i would say most countries are shitty in this respect then . 
  well your statement suggested no country would put someone in prison for this . 
  when i would say most would , including if an equivalent thing was done in great britain . 
  you think if someone painted the crown of the statue of liberty in the us pink he would just get a fine ? 
  no way . 
  you think if someone painted the crown of the statue of liberty in the us pink he would just get a fine ? 
  no way . 
  woah , this is n't built yet though right ? 
  seems rendered . 
  its just a piece of history now . 
  well that was the gift from stalin so that had to be up first . 
  ah i understand now . 
  you 're right its the same image . 
  also hard to believe that he would n't even flinch or look at what just tapped on his shoulder . 
  what is this image ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  you clearly have a lack of understanding . 
  they are not niche at all . 
  but everyone who wants apples already has them in abundance from other sellers/farmers . 
  why would they switch to apples from another country which will be more expensive from traveling costs . 
  and why switch at all if you already have apples just like any other ones . 
  well that 's the exact problem ... it 's not like there not looking but it 's very difficult to find new business opportunities in different countries . 
  especially for agriculture . 
  who 's going to buy it ? 
  world economics is not that simple . 
  well his reasoning is that ukraine should also be more tougher with their punishment of separatism . 
  and since they do n't , hes taking advantage of that . 
  thats just his logic not mine . 
  well to me this seems like the very typical subway car layout . 
  which i do n't see how is any less efficient , just more standing room . 
  i do n't get it , i think the inside looks just as nice , and there is plenty of seating space ... 
  hah , brilliant !, 
  like most song lyrics , it 's not supposed to be taken literally . 
  well what i mean to say is : he should be actively pursuing better relations with neighboring countries ( like he thinks we should ) and not with the us . 
  if thats what he thinks , why does n't he do it . 
  yep , i think every pole can agree with him here . 
  its too bad he only says this privately and in public does something else . 
  agreed . 
  i like to complain a lot . 
  uh , i was always under the impression that our stereotype was that we are lazy , which i fit perfectly . 
  the story about the man with the calculator is hilarious .
