  yes because it still applies . 
  well [ world war 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) they pledged to protect poland and look at how that ended up . 
  they never did . 
  i would not count cia black centers as advantageous to poland ... thats poland doing the us a favor and one that poland had to take a lot of heat for . 
  and yea while times have changed and germany is a good economic ally . 
  i still believe there should be a military coalition of west slavic countries . 
  kind of like the [ visegard group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group ) . 
  a group such as that one would have very similar interests and needs for that specific region which would benefit everyone involved . 
  currently though that group does n't do much . 
  well i disagree with the last sentence . 
  both are not to be trusted and both wo n't really help when it is really needed . 
  only allies that are bordering with a nation would actually help immediately in a war . 
  i apologize that my written text was too intense for you . 
  this makes me laugh . 
  [ as if declaring war means anything ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) . 
  the uk or the us never even reached poland to help it . 
  if anything those great polish pilots helped the uk in defending london from bombing . 
  but the uk never gave anything to poland in return . 
  [ churchill even sold poland to the ussr behind the iron curtain even though roosevelt explicitly did not want to happen during the yalta conference . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) yeah , brits truly are our great friends ... 
  i agree . 
  every damn event on nbc the commentator says something about putin . 
  its really not needed , but putin has become some sort of celebrity at this point to americans . 
  i think its a rare case and definitely does n't happen the majority of the time . 
  media often creates an illusion that something is more commonly happening then it actually is , because they only report on the interesting rare cases like this . 
  what you say is all true . 
  but in there position would n't this be a nice trade off ? 
  so they are n't really giving an inch , they are simply moving that inch to a different region in the world . 
  yea , i 'm sure that rule applies to every homophobic person . 
  it seems your implying he 's gay . 
  this is what i 'm talking about you do n't understand the issue . 
  he can enjoy ( as many russians or anyone in the world for that matter do ) activities with other men without being gay . 
  people say `` oh he hangs out with other men he must be gay '' or `` look he 's naked in the sauna with other men he must be gay '' . 
  this is such a stupid childish way to look at the issue . 
  this is n't middle school . 
  you clearly just do n't understand the issue at all if you think putin would n't have enjoyed that . 
  very good article . 
  the rumors about america selling part of ukraine to russia in exchange for syria advantage is quite interesting . 
  in fact there was an ama recently of a russian government official who said this [ statement ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1vs3yt/i_am_a_russian_government_official_and_this_is/cevjqu3 ) saying theres a reason why the ukrainian revolution is n't showing up in american media much . 
  i wonder how all this will play out . 
  very good . 
  its about time that they abandon it . 
  the whole world is relying on american based services and encryption . 
  with evidence that americans have been stealing trade secrets from germany , it shows that its a huge security flaw for any nation and its economy . 
  well at the present time its not a good idea . 
  thats why they are waiting . 
  the date keeps getting delayed until they think the time is right to join . 
  it was supposed to be 2012 then 2015 , now its 2020 apparently . 
  i disagree that violence ** only ** serves yanukovitch 's interests , in the same way that no violence would also serve yanukovitch 's interests . 
  we will see in the coming weeks or months how this will be resolved . 
  so no solution is better than a potential solution ? 
  every movement for major change came with some risks . 
  it 's funny how everyone downvotes that post to oblivion and is defending themselves . 
  but during the euro 2012 everyone ( especially people in the uk and bbc news ) was saying how terrible the racism is in poland and ukraine , and if anyone said this same statement that you are defending with here : racism is everywhere , then they got ridiculed and downvoted . 
  classic double standards from the brits , defending themselves but attacking everyone else on the same issues . 
  because they know they are always right . 
  but kosovo is serbia ? 
  thats what i 've been hearing . 
  it is only joke , why you have to be mad ? 
  west slav power !, 
  hungary can join too if they want . 
  its worse . 
  our politicians would do anything for the us . 
  the worst part is they barely get anything in return except maybe some old planes . 
  better idea , why does n't the cia take the heat and pay the millions ? 
  yes , poland allowed them to do it in their country but no polish agents were actually involved in the torture or interrogations . 
  this would have to happen if he is going to have a chance . 
  as a son of european parents living in america , i can confirm this . 
  well said . 
  the recent developments that perhaps the regime will handover the chemical weapons voluntarily is promising . 
  of course even if this does happen the war will continue , and one side will win . 
  it is inevitable that even when the war finally does finish there will be many more problems to deal with . 
  yea , i really hope those tracks are n't in their final position yet . 
  brilliant . 
  oh interesting , an even more interesting wikipedia title link . 
  thanks for the correction , my original statement still stands that there were n't any soviet troops in poland that supposedly `` left '' in 1993 or 1989 . 
  i feel this is implying that russian troops were in poland . 
  lets be clear that there was no russian troops on polish soil at that time or before then , the soviets were ready to invade around 1981 but they did not since [ martial law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martial_law_in_poland ) was enacted which was satisfactory in the eyes of moscow to quell the protests of the polish citizens . 
  that or it could also be the aftermath of the south ossettia war in which america was an avid supporter of georgia . 
  they seemed to have skipped a 2008 survey , although that would have been before the war anyway . 
  that would be a dumb move to * force * certain countries to join the eurozone . 
  its one of the reasons for this crisis in the first place . 
  some countries were n't ready to join the eurozone ( like greece ) just because you have a large country does n't mean your economy will be ready for it . 
  if you push countries to join it will probably only make the currency weaker . 
  the only exception would be england perhaps , but it would be quite a step down for them , but its the sacrifice that germany makes with its currency . 
  no one has the right to take something by weapons and force even if it is a private matter . 
  i am appalled by the actions of the polish police . 
  do you have any links in polish to the news articles ? 
  i like the last flag the best . 
  nice color scheme . 
  it is the same ship , but also a different ship . 
  like i said other reports , specifically polish media . 
  perhaps that was a mix of injured and dead . 
  reports that up to 7 of the tourists were from poland . 
  very sad , i know tunisia was a popular tourist destination . 
  this muslim jihad ideology is just spreading to young crazed people everywhere . 
  well he said this and thought of this at the time because the ukrainian government was still working with russia and had no intentions of joining eu or nato . 
  it is obvious to see why he would change his mind . 
  if there was no revolution in ukraine there would be no problem . 
  of course thats not to say that this is justified , just explaining his strategic thinking .
