  they 're awesome , we 're awesome, 
  well we cant be too sure of that , greece , spain and italy could just drag everyone down with them and if the uk leaves before that happens it could just save its self from having to bail out those 3 when its already in loads of debt, 
  liverpool is pretty much irish . 
  i bet most of those people want to leave for purely patriotic reasons rather than political . 
  great britain = england , scotland , wales . 
  uk = england , scotland , wales , northern ireland . 
  thats exactly what i said . 
  you idiot . 
  there 's also many uk citizens who would say strengthening ties with the eu is n't a great idea . 
  wales and scotland are part of britain . 
  the united kingdom is the three mentioned + northern ireland . 
  if scotland gets independence ( something only stupid people want ) they will definitely want to stay in europe so they can leach off of germany . 
  wales will stick with england and northern ireland will continue to go their own thing . 
  of course italy and spain want it , they 're given more things paid for by germany . 
  why would they say no . 
  eads needs bae , bae does not need eads as they already get heaps of business from the us, 
  you 're in europe now , calm down and stop worrying . 
  lots of people do , including americans and brits, 
  forgive my ignorance but whats eu12 ? 
  i find these rankings all subjective . 
  yes some universities are clearly better overall than others but it really depends on what course you do , just because one university is ranked 100 places higher than the one thats got a course thats more suited for you it is n't worth attending that university . 
  brit here , i hate uht milk . 
  its one of the worst things about stepping onto the contient . 
  that , and the french . 
  the main pro argument is `` a gun is not a bad thing , a gun in the hands of a bad person is a bad thing , in the hands of a good person its a good thing '' how about you dont give bad people weapons that enable them to kill dozens of people before being taken down . 
  the fact that glasgow is in the top 50 for safest cities makes me question everything about this survey, 
  like most people here have said its got to be france 's anthem or ode to joy which is one of the most beautiful pieces of music ever written . 
  also on the subject of anthems i really think england should have its own individual anthem that differs from the british anthem and it should be either [ jerusalem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq0ocmdxrvk ) or [ i vow to thee , my country ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mg27bkwjai ) . 
  i know that there was an unofficial vote or something a few years ago about changing the anthem but im pretty sure it came to nothing . 
  no matter who wins germany will have to pick up the bill . 
  due to a lack of other options, 
  of course not , but if the uk does leave the eu im sure it will still have some leverage within the eu and this could allow it to become chinas gateway into europe . 
  it would allow us to trade with the likes of china and russia a lot more freely , and as it stands trading with china is going to be getting more and more profitable for the foreseeable future . 
  no you didnt !, 
  supreme empress **, 
  best idea ever . 
  there 's also a chance that england will win the euro this year , a small one but there 's always a chance . 
  yes but you can say `` praise meps ! '', 
  in a ghetto american gospel voice . 
  i take it being in the uk you did n't learn anything about our culture . 
  you do realise that if i were to call you a cunt that would be me being affectionate . 
  it was n't a comeback , i was confused and to what country you were trying to talk about . 
  you clearly have very little knowledge of geography and history . 
  britain not scotland and northern ireland ? 
  you mean england and wales then ? 
  god damnit . 
  no im being serious , thats what happens when i try to speak french in france , we end up speaking english because its easier, 
  let say you can speak french fluently , you meet french guy who is learning english . 
  this guy is trying to say something to you in english but he is making no sense , it is more than likely you will get frustrated and start to speak french , this what happens every time i go to france but with the languages the other way around . 
  knew you loved us really, 
  she is , thanks  x, 
  by the powers of google translate you 're saying that english people do not give a fuck about other languages ? 
  well in all honesty why would they ? 
  pretty much everyone an english tourist would encounter can speak english so the need to learn another language goes out the window . 
  also remember we see almost nothing of foreign media , it is very very rare to see a movie or tv programme from another country on uk television especially i spanish speaking one . 
  the only spanish speaking things i have seen on british tv are pedro almod\u00f3var movies . 
  i speak a bit of french although i must admit not fluently , i always found it hard to learn as every time i tried to speak it in france i was told to give up as the person i was trying to talk too spoke much better english . 
  my mother is colonial indian , meaning her parents are english and lived in india where she was brought up . 
  that being said she speaks hindi and urdu the two main languages in india , also english ( of course ) and french and spanish , she can also speak some german and italian . 
  my mother speaks 5 languages and my father speaks 2 . 
  whats the english attitude ? 
  i love how low the percentile is in france , their blatant refusal to adopt whats becoming an international language is awesome . 
  i hate the fact that everyone speaks english , it takes the fun out of traveling . 
  it was something along the lines of `` football is a raciest sport because it is supported by raciest cunts '', 
  surprise surprise . 
  thats quite possibly the dumbest thing written on reddit today . 
  she is something [ special ] ( http://www.medyafaresi.com/g1/67b_bd6bf.jpg ) < - maybe nsfw, 
  yes but not the eurozone . 
  in the simplest tearms could someone explain why europe would n't survive greeks exit . 
  europe will only work if everyone has the same rules , you cant expect to bail out a country if it has entirely different rules to paying tax / retiring age etc. 
  i think if we operated like ` the united states of europe ' where laws regarding tax and such were simular then it would be fair to bail out those european states in debt, 
  rail pass could be good but you might find it restricting , it really depends on what you want to do / how long you 're in our beautiful continent for . 
  your point ? 
  uk hardly changes, 
  its all in good context about polish food . 
  yeah i used to work on documentaries and did a few for american shows on channels like discovery and national geographic . 
  many of those silly quite cheaply made really american wildlife shows like ` natures biggest predators or ` sharks who kill ' are made in bristol along side all the big budget bbc stuff like planet earth , the only difference being they hire an american narrator, 
  you need to reread my comment . 
  never did i say it was more british than american, 
  not really . 
  i work in film/television and am currently on set in hungary . 
  people here are definitely shaped different than those of the crew who are british, 
  but class is n't tied to money in the u.k. 
  plenty of wealthy working class and poor upper class, 
  the france and the scandinavians have been producing some good dramas for the last few years , i know nothing of german tv which is weird for such a big country , surely they must make watchable shows ? 
  lot of those american shows are pretty european . 
  american funded yes but with british crew and usually quite a lot of british cast . 
  i 'm currently on set for a big american drama but we 're in hungary and most people are brits , then hungarian then americans being a minority . 
  yes . 
  in london eastern europeans who have n't been here for a while def stick out and if they 've been here for a while the men will still stick out . 
  nope, 
  i find it hard to not fall into that stereotype when i see threads with dozens of people saying ` fuck british cunts , i hope they starve to death on their island ' i ca n't help but think ` well fuck you too you 2nd world living cunt hanging onto germanys coat tails ', 
  i think that 's just down to german having some words with harsh sounds, 
  i remember once having this discussion with done swedes and danes . 
  out of 15 , 12 were aryan as they all claimed that being aryan is n't that common . 
  i 'm still skeptical, 
  class is n't related to money here well it kinda is but it is n't . 
  plenty of working class millionaires and upper class in poverty out there, 
  agincourt has to be one then for the few english lives lost, 
  i 'm from bristol and yeah its expensive but some flats are on the market for around 150 .
