  til, 
  yeah ive never seen it . 
  ive even asked out of morbid curiosity but have been told that its a stupid thing to ask for, 
  yeah im really confused by that one . 
  why is hogwarts in scotland ? 
  they take it as a personal insult . 
  bbc radio 6 i feel really rude saying this but op in english we say radio station which is the channel you listen to , a radio is just the actual device itself . 
  it is pretty silly imo, 
  i have a friend on facebook who is currently raising money go and help these poor people or whatever . 
  i really hope she realises what shes getting herself into . 
  she is totally blind to all the news that says these people arent the loving great humans who just want to make their families lives better, 
  i think people presume all religious schools really shove religion down childrens throats but in my experience religion was literally only brought up around christmas when you went to one or two church services . 
  my dad is a teacher at a very expensive religious private school , he is very much an atheist and the school know it . 
  he is still invited to speak at the weekly chapel ( that students can choose to attend ) and is asked to speak about what ever the fuck he wants to talk about . 
  its pretty easy to hold a majority at student union if you 're in any sort of club . 
  at my uni i was in the rowing team and we kept rowers as heads of the union years before i arrived and during my entire time i was there , there was only like 30 of us on the team we just got all our mates to vote for our friends . 
   your crimes have no effect on your asylum status . 
  fuck off is that true ? 
  that cant be fucking true . 
  please tell me otherwise, 
  the problem is that its the kids of immigrants who end up being radicals . 
  you could bring in only those who are the definition of refugees and let them stay in europe but many of their children will end up resenting the west and becoming radicalised . 
  nope . 
   anyone living in the uk will know how fucked up it actually is living here . 
  id disagree , where i live ( bristol ) in recent years has gotten better and better , and its always been a nice city anyway . 
  criticism , otherwise known as showing the entire thing as bullshit . 
  shame you dont have any good universities to do such a thing . 
  fave ; ireland least fave ; argentina, 
  the enemy of my enemy and all that, 
  well fecking give it him then, 
  depending on where you are coming from berlin is very cheap . 
  i dont even live in london and just about everything is half the cost in berlin as it is for me back home over the last year 5 of my friends have moved there, 
   the more pc country of all europe the most pc country in the world, 
  what you mean the country that is currently financing a war in ukraine after the people chose to become pro eu ? 
  you now want to go invade syria with them ? 
  didnt realise the french felt so badly about their universities being ranked below ours . 
  i dont know how much of grime is tongue in cheek . 
  like some of it clearly serious like skeptas stuff but there is the odd tune like next hype which are taking the piss , theres the stuff like this thats inbetween, 
  you 're chatting utter shit . 
  go to any festival or park in the summer and see all the people smoking weed and the police ignoring them . 
  am i right in thinking germany kinda fudges the numbers by employing people who have been unemployed for a while with jobs that are only a coupple of euros an hour ? 
  5.4 % https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=utf-8#q=uk%20unemployment%20rate&amp;es_th=1, 
  a lot of people are saying the usa and about a decade ago i would have agreed but in recent years im not 100 % . 
  i mean yeah they likely are but im just not as certain as i used to be, 
  im pretty sure if someone tried to invade portugal there would be a significant amount of royal airforce gun ships landing on your shores to say ` get fucked mate ' to whomever dared . 
  shit , they 're onto us . 
  inform the crown . 
  lol , not gon na lie , you do get that a fair old bit, 
   also , why on earth would you not greet kufars with it ? 
  it 's not a religious greeting . 
  ive never heard of that . 
  go to kashmir and everyone will greet you with salam no matter your race/religion . 
  i dont think shakespeare will ever be considered old fashioned by us , his work is timeless, 
  umm kinda ... 
  second and third generation immigrants are far more likely to radicalised and hold more conservative views . 
  i do n't mind refugees coming here but i would n't be surprised if their children turn out to hate the west, 
   there was a time , not so long ago when you liked the uk . . o wait . 
  no there was n't . 
  uk and portugal have the worlds oldest alliance . 
  i think i ticked prefer metropolis, 
  london , i already live in london . 
  okay . 
  second was mumbai , no . 
  thats great and all but you 're not addressing my counter argument to yours which is monarchies are inherently bad . 
  many would disagree and say they lean to the right . 
  which is why i think they are centred, 
  pretty sure you have to pay to use the internet . 
   a ) that monarchy is inherently bad  it is . 
  you 're reaching there . 
  i think the currently american election is a prime example of how corrupt democratic politics can be . 
  and here brexit being a prime example of how people can be fucking stupid and easily duped into voting against their best interests . 
  you either have a system where whoever bends over the most for corporations wins or you could have a system where those in power dont need corporate money and are bound by the will of the people . 
  obviously you have been brought up in the us where you are taught from a young age that democracy is the best thing ever and the will of the people is always ` right ' and anything else is terrible and people who like other ideals should be killed and the only good socialist is a dead socialist etc etc. 
  i think you should try and at least entertain the idea in a purely hypothetical sense that a monarchy that is ruled by kind hearted people who believe in nothing but doing the best for their population is a good thing . 
  well why on earth would you be in this sub then ? 
  then we enter the ' ** lightening round ** ', 
  it 's an internet joke, 
  yeah you 100 % need special permission to take kids out of school in the uk . 
  school trips here are encouraged but not mandatory, 
  a lot of comments sound like you want us to patronise you . 
  if feel like it 's a lot more polite to just ask if you do n't 100 % understand what someone means rather than have them talk to you like you were a child you know if someone is speaking your language as a second language and they ask you clarify what you mean or for the definition of a word , it 's not rude or annoying you just explain whatever it was . 
  english speakers wo n't be offended for you asking them to clarify themselves, 
  i 'm certain people in france speed up talking when they realise i 'm english like a test to see if i 'm worthy of their respect and continue the conversation at an unnecessary pace, 
  considering how hard it is to emigrate to the us at the moment i doubt they 'll be doing it anytime soon, 
  true, 
  i never said it would n't ... . . i 'm just saying there is some choice in their approach to the negotiations, 
  pretty sure there is a choice as to stay in the single market and accept movement of peoples or leave the single market and stop immigration, 
  dont mean to be rude but should have also said ` torn down ' not off . 
  torn off is like to rip something off of something else . 
  economy no , currency yes . 
  which according to this poll we would prefer, 
  yeah i doubt they 'll copy the aussie system as it does n't really work . 
  i 'm guessing it 'll be more money/education and potential to make money that will be the parameters, 
  kinda , tier 1 visa for the ` exceptionally talented ' ( or just really wealthy ) . 
  that or marriage , family etc, 
  if the uk does stop eu immigration as it is and thus does leave the single market surely the only option is points based . 
  seems weird to stop eu immigration and not impose a points system . 
  * n.b i view all of this as highly unlikely as i doubt we 'll leave the single market . 
  but then again i never thought we 'd vote to leave so i suppose it 's all possible *, 
  it 's pretty much all money given in foreign aid,
