  and has now firmly stooped said beating in its tracks . 
  `` and the uk is the uk . 
  there 's a reason why the brits use `` europe '' like they do n't belong . 
  :-) '' thats only because like half of you speak english , you all should make much more of an effort . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  yes but this news story has nothing to do with britons role in europe or anything even remotely associated with it . 
  what does this have to do with europe ? 
  except that a ridiculous number of spanish are flocking to the uk . 
  im not even talking about just in london ( where you cant get on a train without hearing spanish people shouting at each other ) but in all the smaller cities as well you 'll notice so many, 
  yeah why dont you just send the armad-oh ... . 
  we 're pretty cold to be honest , id say we 're very similar to the scandinavians, 
  im sorry but the irish accent is far sillier than the british accents ( bar wales ), 
  get some spray paint . 
  go on a windscreen painting mission . 
  true . 
  theres a difference between a minority protesting so they have more rights and a minority protesting so that everyone else 's right can be stripped . 
  why do people always somehow link extremist muslims with the fucking westboro baptist church . 
  they have absolutely ** zero ** do to with anything in the uk right now or ever . 
  from the photos that i 've seen of this its young people protesting which i find the most shocking . 
  how could anyone protest against multiculturalism policies in sweden ? 
  is n't this the country that paid damages to a guy that was told be had to shake hands with a woman supervisor and then warned her against racial discrimination when she told him that he had to be prepared to shake hands with a woman . 
  [ that story ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/48008/20130520/#.uzzccssa_e9 ), 
  no , sansodor said ` wrong flags ' this could mean that the flags are entirely wrong . 
  i was realising that the flags were in fact the wrong way round . 
  ohh the river danube , i 've actually swam in its waters in serbia . 
  oh , the flags are the wrong way round . 
  im quite confused . 
  what have they gotten wrong ? 
  i have no idea what ` danubian ' is . 
  this is the first time that i have heard that word . 
  yeah thats what i was looking at . 
  i wonder if he could get a card now and then blag that hes always had one . 
  i dont think you do in most uk uni 's, 
  because he has manners . 
  we have kinda invented quite a few of the most world changing things and produced a fair few of the worlds greatest scientists and mathematicians, 
  that sounds like a really nice gesture , get some germanic heritage love going on . 
  not fully , i 'd say i was center right by uk standards . 
  which is far left by us standards . 
  * all politicians that count . 
  we do , but apparently its a crime to be middle class on the internet . 
  went to norway last xmas . 
  they pay way too much for booze . 
  i wonder what country we 'll be invading next . 
  in your face france !, 
  stop being dicks . 
  can someone explain how irelands economy is in real bad shape and jobs are scarse but they still have such a high minimum wage ? 
  to be honest i think the spanish get more brits coming to trash the place . 
  i am ashamed by the behaviour of young british kids abroad in the islands of greece / spain but all these countries are perfectly willing to let them come and spend their money year after year . 
  really surprised that ireland is more than the uk . 
  are these stats recent ? 
  i presumed as they got hit pretty hard after the economic crash it would be lower . 
  there are many many young spanish people in the uk right now . 
  this language school i referenced is all young spanish people , they ca n't be much older than 20 . 
  are you talking about people even younger than this ? 
  i swear most spanish people are pretty short . 
  theres a language school around the corner from my house which has a student body that is at least 90 % spanish and i swear im at least a head taller than the majority of them . 
  even when visiting spain i 've noticed that i seem to be taller than more people than usual ( 6.1 '' ) but this graph says they 're on average a little taller , i find this odd . 
  so would you say that the public in any country agrees with everything that their government does ? 
  well it could be argued that those officials did n't have all the peoples interest at heart . 
  sorry im just be facetious . 
  a democratic decision would be if the people voted on it , a republic decision is when elected officials vote on a decision . 
  for example the us technically is not a democracy , it is actually a republic . 
  it was actually a republic decision not a democratic one . 
  pretty sure if i walk down to any local town hall i will see the union flag flying everyday, 
  it was to only fly it on certain british holidays and not everyday . 
  mccreesh was in the [ south armagh brigade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_armagh_brigade ) so ni . 
  did the british really treat them that badly ? 
  they had scs status removed basically treating them like normal pirsoners after they had killed protestant civilians in ni or members of the british armed forces . 
  does committing suicide via starvation really right all the wrongs they may of committed to the extent that they should be honoured ? 
  well for example currently there 's this whole business in belfast about the union flag . 
  it does seem rather odd , its pretty fucking disrespectful to those who like being part of the uk . 
  listening to loyalists talking about the shit they have to put up with in ni is pretty darn horrible - things like naming parks after members of the ira , i dunno if you wish to call the ira freedom fighters or not but in my opinion call them what you will they did some pretty fucking bad shit , i know the british forces also did some horrible stuff but its not like we put them on a pedestal . 
  we 're horrified at what happened back then whilst members of the [ ira who targeted a protestant civilian as well as ambushing military patrols ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raymond_mccreesh ) get honoured . 
  i have nothing against ireland at all . 
  many of the irish people i have met have been rather nice . 
  but i do see quite a bit of anti british sentiment from irish people online and in the news , although i have never personally experienced any hate from irish people i do get the impression that there are quite a few who dislike the uk because of whats happened in the past . 
  i also have a few friends who got beaten up by some irish lads whilst on a night out in dublin , apparently some irish lads came up to them and gave them shit for being english and then proceeded to jump them - this obviously is n't a regularly occurrence for english people in ireland but it does make me think about what the irish think of us . 
  i havent been to ireland since i was little so i cant really comment on how irish people treat me as an english man but the irish people i have met in the uk have been very nice , then again who 's going to visit a country and be rude to its inhabitance ? 
  well when you 're saying things like `` tell me , is it the scottish , welsh or english pm that promised the referendum ? 
  the leader of ukip is from which part of the uk ? '', 
  its pretty clearly that you 're insinuating that the english are somehow these draconian rulers who oppress everyone around them then of course we 're going to get defensive . 
  pretty sure burlisconi happily took eu money and then refused to implement any of the sanctions that he was supposed to . 
  im quite sure he called merkel ` an unfuckable lard-ass ' , well thats gratitude for you . 
  i not sure on this one but were n't the greeks given a chance to sort out their house before this massive fuck up but they refused because the people did n't see things like paying tax as fair ? 
  british pm , the same one that [ gave you ungrateful sods 9 billion ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/8150137/ireland-forced-to-take-eu-and-imf-bail-out-package.html ) when you forgot how to run an economy . 
  | it feels like i 've barely heard a british politician mention the eu without saying that britain would be better of outside please back this up . 
  quite the shame you had to learn our language . 
  since when did all the other sectors solely rely on the eu ? 
  a few do but not all of them . 
  exports will suffer but as the uk has little manufacturing or any other exports for that matter the fiance sector is a bigger concern . 
  its the largest in the world . 
  more money pass 's through london than any other city in the world . 
  strangely enough the uk wants to protect that . 
  if the uk leaves it does n't have to deal with the sanctions that france and germany are implementing that will hurt londons financial sector which generates a shit load of money for the uk . 
  all british companies that benefit from being in the eu are outmatched by the londons financial sector which is basically the uk 's main money pot . 
  if germany and france get their way the uk stands to loose a bunch , i dont think the uk should leave the eu but i also think its unfair for france and germany to work together to impose sanctions that will hurt the uk 's main money maker . 
  something needs to change . 
  im surprised that completely flew over your head . 
  then again i take it you 're not from here and have no idea what i was referencing . 
  far more accepting of others , lack of wanting to kill other people for offending me .
