  lets be honest , this isnt the first case of people taking religion too seriously . 
  im surprised our government did n't let her off as to not appear raciest or intolerant others cultures . 
  we never asked you to intervene in libya . 
  as a bloody island this is quite hard, 
  makes me wonder what people thought about them back then . 
  maybe in 50 years germans will sing songs about the great angela merkal whilst french children hear stories of the brave sarkosy and british kids learn about cameron the c * nt . 
  hate to come across really rude here but in the uk we have some real shit politicians who do some bad stuff but are you as italians aware of how the rest of us look at you when you let people like berlusconi get away with all the shit that he does . 
  [ how can people vote for this man ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/silvio-berlusconi/9754869/silvio-berlusconi-to-italy-you-need-me.html ), 
  it all depends , there is no way to generalize . 
  in regards to parents not caring what their child does past 13 is a massive statement but in my situation my parents let me do pretty much what i wanted ( drugs/alcohol ) as long as i kept my grades up, 
  as long as you learn our language and dont look down on us or our culture then you are more than welcome . 
  one thing i find funny about this thread is how surprised everyone seems to be when they find out how simular we all are . 
  we 're all european guys , we live right next to each other and share thousands of years of history together as well as many bloodlines , im pretty sure we 're destined to be very close . 
  its using an engine with prebuilt gfx and models, 
  66 is the standard one but there is also wilkos drop goal in the 03 rugby world cup final, 
  2012 was fucking great for our country, 
  some cases in the uk are good , some are awful . 
  i think the story from friday about an raf engineer being moved out of the view from the public whilst in a hospital because the hospital decided his uniform could offended people from other cultures is an example at how failed multiculturalism is here . 
  article in case you were interested http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34368332, 
  exactly . 
  im of the opinion that they can fuck off back to where they came from then . 
  a raf officer was apologized to today from a hospital after he had to be moved out of the a&e unit because the hospital feared his presence would offend people from other cultures . 
  people are fucking deluded there . 
  like fully will bombard anyone with downvotes for saying ' i think he wont get in ', 
  but its a catholic costume ... 
  thank fuck it did, 
  getting coke in germany is fucking hard man . 
  mdma seems to be their drug of choice, 
  blair threw the doors open because germany and france said they would do the same , the thought was that many would choose germany and france over the uk anyway so no point in keeping things closed . 
  germany and france went back on their word , the uk took the brunt of the migration . 
  the bbc has been very pro taking in refugees . 
  constructing a narrative that germans dont want them would be going against all their reporting the last 4 months or so, 
  what croatian blokes post ? 
  probably white tie, 
  there was post in rugbyunion yesterday from someone asking what team they should be supporting this world cup as their country doesnt play rugby . 
  i loved the response from ( im guessing ) americans who were saying ` my drinking habits are irish so im supporting them ! ', 
   originally from aleppo , milad and her uncle yasser are trying to reach his brother , a doctor living in london . 
  im pretty sure a doctor in london could afford to rent somewhere in western france for the time being . 
  why would anyone let their family stay in the jungle ? 
  winnie the pooh big outside of the angloshpere ? 
  im flabbergasted, 
  i feel like germany have been on some weird pr mission to start the 21st century off as being the saviours of europe and the new super nice country after a pretty disastrous 20th century . 
  its now starting to backfire as nobody likes ms goody two shoes , especially when she starts to boss them about in a holier than thou way, 
  isnt that what they 're called ? 
  shotgun shells ? 
  im pretty sure you dont need to prove you need a reason for a shotgun . 
  its more where you 're going to store it etc. 
  that being said if you live somewhere like toxteth and have a history of violence i wouldnt be surprised if the licence was turned down . 
  if war comes i 'll have to find someone willing to give me an ar variant or something then . 
  again . 
  see the other reply . 
  see my other reply, 
  right fecking jebend that one * i think he is an idiot *, 
  the uk is more positive for immigration from outside the eu ? 
  i think its more the fear of refugees being awarded eu citizenship then coming here, 
  how are we identifying anti semitism . 
  i 've seen people define it as disliking israel which i think everyone ( apart from jewish friends ) i know does . 
  this time last year i would agree with you . 
  since the refugee crisis and if reports of people in other middle eastern nations as well as central african ones hearing germanys offer for a place to come live i wouldnt be surprised if the uk public choose to leave to close borders . 
   she is french and born in paris though . 
  well , that * is * why i was asking if she is famous in france ... . . 
  is eva green famous is france ? 
  never heard of charlie winston . 
  also sounds like a fake name to appear to be especially british . 
  probably because most wouldnt . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/11509305/british-pupils-suffer-under-influx-of-foreign-students-teachers-warn.html http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/567876/teachers-use-google-translate-growing-numbers-foreign-students, 
  the uk has the power to choose who they take in and how many people in a point based system . 
  basically only take in skilled workers and limit it to under ( i think ) 100k a year, 
  uh , angela sorry to be the one to tell you this but by telling the world that people are free and welcome to come live in germany even if they get there illegally you pretty much signed the uk 's independence from the eu and its army . 
  many dont . 
  my phones dead , can someone call 999 ? 
  this chap appears to be having a stroke . 
  you take that back . 
  castle crag in the lake district for those who want a more precise location . 
  then leave . 
  its generally the opinion among people i know that what germany is doing is good although we dont want it to happen here its nice to see that someone is doing it . 
  however the only reason they are doing it is because they still feel guilty about the war ( s ) . 
  everyone agrees that time to shed that guilt came and went ages ago . 
  im now just picturing arnie are mr freeze . 
  you are aware that a very small city in scotland is noting like the rest of the country , right ? 
  like aberdeen is a very remote city with a small population . 
  im surprised there are even shops up there, 
  there is a reason we dominate the top posts of / r/ladyboners and / r/gentlemanboners . 
  you live in a student village in fucking aberdeen . 
  might as well live on a different planet . 
  i love living here . 
  i live in bristol , its like the perfect balance of london and not london, 
  money isnt everything . 
  also ireland takes many big companies away as they are a tax haven . 
  furthermore , many european countries are full of people who speak perfect english , its ridiculous to presume the uk gets more corporate businesses because of the language , its because of the city . 
  pretty sure its vastly more than 300k more than germany , its more than 300 million now at 1.3 billion euros . 
  and no it doesnt exempt us from taking in refugees , but at this stage ( discounting the 15k we said recently we were going to take ) we have still taken more than ireland , spain , greece , romania , croatia , belgum , denmark etc etc and we 're still begin told that we 're the ones making the eu look bad, 
  ive noticed the large majority of the footage i have seen is all young men . 
  you 're certainly implying that your shit doesnt smell as bad as ours . 
  actually your cynicism is wrong . 
  we actually have very strict rules on how aid is spent the government is very transparent about where its going . 
  yes the holocaust was totally deserved , you are right . 
  unlike germany which is known to be nothing but sunshine and rainbows . 
  same that being said i do want corbin to lead the labour party just because i think its interesting .
