  i think that girl was taking the piss . 
  i mean the muslim society may of not liked it but fuck would they every actually say anything to your face . 
  yes . 
  eh , depends on your field and such, 
  actually subway is larger than mcdonalds . 
  what fucking schools offer it ? 
  wrong country mate, 
  yeah i agree with you , my point was just you cant really blame people for not putting in 100 % . 
  i always found it hard to learn french because i go to france try to speak french and everyone either wants to try their english on me or their english is better because of music and film media influences from the us and uk and they want the conversation to flow better . 
  i think the only men who do it here are the types who wax everything and spend a lot of time on sun beds . 
  what would op being gay have to do with any of this ? 
  i dunno , it has a population of like 8 . 
  foreign born nationals who speak their mother tongue , 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants who speak the language of their parents and grandparents also people who are really god with languages and can speak multiple . 
  me and my brother are the only people in my family that speak one , it seems to be that older generations put way more effort into learning other languages . 
  there are also plenty of reasons for not needing to learn another language . 
  i 've traveled all over the world and there has never been a time where i 've been stuck to find someone who speaks english , its the language in the world that works pretty much everywhere . 
  its a shame we dont put more effort into other languages but the fact is the only real practicality of learning one is coming across as polite when in the country that speaks the language you have learnt . 
  sunday roast and an english breakfast cant be beat . 
  it is and isnt distributed evenly . 
  the middle ground is pretty fucking big . 
  one in every 35 people in london is a millionaire in regards to dollars . 
  how the fuck is germany so low ? 
  they 're classing ` rich ' just as the top 40 % percent . 
  it has nothing to do with how much money they have . 
  if you really want to get into a ` omg uk is so poor now ' argument i 'll just point out that london has the highest concentration of billionaires in the world . 
  thats because lots of us dont like the idea of paying around 40k a year to keep fucking idiots who have run off to join is in prison for life when they return, 
  in regards to political differences the idea of competence is irrelevant as people will never all agree on what is the best direction for the eu, 
  actually read the link . 
  62 % do not . 
  look lets put it this way . 
  there are 2,786,635 muslims in the uk ( from the 2011 census ) . 
  27 % of them , thats 752,391 people think its alright to run into the offices of magazine and shoot indiscriminately , then run outside and execute any police officers present . 
  thats not ok, 
  pretty sure those names have been released . 
  its all over our news . 
  a bunch of houses have been raided over the past week in relation to the investigations, 
  not an entire people but an alarmingly large percentage of british muslims believe violence is a decent answer against those who insult islam , and that killing in defense of the religion is acceptable . 
  the numbers are pretty fucking shocking . 
  27 % say they have sympathy for the motives behind the charlie hebbo attacks . 
  i suppose it is easier to bury your head and say that everything is fine and there is no problem . 
  pretty great , if you 're rich, 
  all well and good gord but im pretty sure none of the other eu countries would like the idea of us in charge . 
  what if each country gave an amount of money to things like a unified navy , air force and standing army but still had their own forces . 
  the eu force could be used for defense and peace keeping missions . 
  for as long as they exist, 
  what fucking cunts, 
  a few years ago before these bigger revelations the guardian published an article saying in cases of gangs of men raping underage girl the convicted were around 95 % but that it wasnt a cultural problem . 
  im shocked england wasnt an overweight sunburnt football fan with shit tattoos a missing tooth and no hair . 
  perhaps a spattering of tacky gold jewelry to complete the look . 
  not even joking , stayed in a hostel last night , french couple sharing the bunk above mine ( such rule breakers ) and im pretty sure i heard a few hon hon honssss, 
  you 're meant to put ` why is ' first . 
  germany is `` why is germany so rich '' `` why is france called france '' etc etc, 
  because they 're basically german lads . 
  what about the uk , not the invidual countries like ops post ? 
  im sorry but you get some maori doing the haka in a trench before going over the top and you 're going to have some scared enemies and some fucking blood lusting allies . 
  it is ridiclious but ... the situation in ukraine would have been seen as ridiclious only a few years ago . 
  no i dont think there will ever be full out war but i do think its possible that a time comes when troops need to be deployed to certain parts of eastern europe . 
  i cant see germany , and maybe not even the scandinavian countries ever being on board with going to war in russia, 
  i think its more the jewish lobbying groups in washington doing the leg work as opposed to polititians in israel asking . 
  that is quite possibly the dumbest argument i have ever read . 
  you should apologise to everyone in this sub for potenially making us read such utter drivel . 
  not really . 
  israel is opening fucking rude to the us . 
  their polititians regularly call americans dogs and shit like that everytime the us suggests not giving them billions in aid . 
  because the british and sometimes the french are critical of the eu when these sorts of situations arise . 
  germany claims that anyone being critical of the eu is bad and that these situations dont exist, 
  there is no ` level ' they are compleatly unrelatable . 
  you do realise we also ship products outside of the eu to countries we dont have free movement with ? 
  you dont need to have free movement to ship goods . 
  we 've been doing trade with the us and china for quite some time now . 
  they dont have free movement with any eu countries . 
  we also moved goods between countries before the eu was started . 
  because im talking about imigration and not trade . 
  people are not products . 
  you cant start compleatly changing the argument to fit one you want to have . 
  yeah free trade is essentially good , im not going to deny that . 
  why you think changing free movement will somehow change free trade is beyond me . 
  are people concidered on the same level as cars/wine/cheese / steel where you 're from ? 
  i do also think german universities should be charging foreign students more , all countries should do that . 
  well what exactly is disgracfull about it ? 
  if you 're an employer surely you 're going to prefer candiates from insitutions that you know rather than doing all the leg work to try and find the low down on a university in a country that you know nothing of ? 
  how would you know who to trust ? 
  where would you start ? 
  it maybe unfair but its still pretty understandable, 
  beleifes like yours is ther main reason people in the uk want to leave . 
  the idea that nothing can change , that the eu is solid and unworkable that there are rules that will always be absolute . 
  its a ridiclious notion . 
  look if i came from a coutnry that was in a bad way then we joined the eu and things got better sure i would beleive that the eu was perfect and shouldnt change . 
  but i think you need to try and view things from an objective stadnpoint and realise that the eu is far from perfect and needs a hell of a lot of work, 
  you seem to think im talking about disbanding the eu , whatever some people jump to conclusions i 'll just presume you 're one of them . 
  what im suggesting is if we impose say a quota on unskilled workers going into countries . 
  you want to emmigrate ? 
  get a degree and become someone that a country really wants to have . 
  why does encouranging people to become highly skilled workers if they want to emigrate make the eu become progessively irrelevant ? 
  and make markets become ` average ' ? 
  you say that like eastern europe is falling apart . 
  exactly . 
  i really think you hit the nail on the head there . 
  i 've met so many highly educated people from other eu countries in the uk who are working in bars and such . 
  you may have a doctarate in advanced sciences but if its from a unknown foreign university its going to be worthless in the uk .
