  we 're either all in the group together , same laws , same benefits , same language , same currency or have less control and let certain countries grow and not be held back by other countries whos economies can not keep up . 
   the same thing happened in the uk with gay marriage . 
  a few nutters voiced their fucking stupid opinions but there were very much in a minuscule minority but were given air time as the beeb has to show both sides of an argument . 
  well done estonia, 
  strong and weak economies . 
  i saw mentioning where you studied as pointless unless its somewhere proper prestigious and you want to show off about it . 
  uh , [ yeah ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/chester ), 
  i think older generations are likely to be able to . 
  both my parents are pretty good with languages with my mother speaking 5 . 
  what hometown ? 
  im from bristol . 
  the city i 'm from hasnt been mentioned once . 
  i never said it didnt , i said it is superseded by other laws . 
  do you understand what this means ? 
  but its actually not . 
  that law is superseded by about a dozen other laws . 
  i dont know if you should brag about studying at chester . 
  also the being able to shoot a welshman/soctsman with a bow from a tower in some specific location is not something you learn about in law school , its the sort of shit you see cracked.com or buzzfeed make articles about `` 12 of the wackiest laws you never thought could exist ! '', 
  * the uk, 
  i live near wales . 
  i see welsh people from time to time, 
  im actually pleasantly surprised . 
  london had almost been flattened and most ports had suffered heavy damage . 
  couppled with the huge loss of life also from the first world war the colonies were in dire straights as was the uk . 
  anyways directly after the war the uk did seem to do ok but then slide into a worse situation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty_in_the_united_kingdom#poverty_in_the_postwar_era, 
  i wouldnt know mate , im not a fat cunt . 
  but im yet to understand why his quote is a `` european way of saying thank you '' ? 
  this has been going on for ages , like months and months ago this move happened . 
  it was so the uk could refuse entry to terrorists who went to go fight for isis . 
  they 've changed their mind on that opinion and have to decided to just put them in prison when they return . 
  damn , french press is slow . 
  i always forget how fucking poor the country was for years after ww2 . 
  my father remembers growing up on rations which just seems alien to me . 
  gon na be honest here , i have zero idea as to what any of this means . 
  bread is not cheese, 
   it 's not necessarily meant to be toasted . 
  it 's not that kind of bread which is my problem with it, 
  wikipedia disagree http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ireland, 
   what more do you want ? 
  bread that fits in a toaster . 
  im pretty sure there is a huge football following in the us , no ? 
  i 've met plenty of americans who have adopted a team from the prem, 
  ty , yeah im a lot more cosmopolitan than my country bumpkin mates, 
  i quite like knowing both, 
  only on reddit would someone resort to using computer game genres to describe a sport . 
  we only wear tops and tails ( [ top hats and jackets with tails ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/atat%c3%bcrk_in_white_tie.jpg ) ) on burgens day and on every other frederich week when attending tea gatherings or any other sort of prime social event . 
  im just saying that people are likely to able to point it out on a map due to being in the country . 
  lots of people fly into zagreb or split even if they 're flying into split you 're bound to at least see a map of croatia at some point . 
  croatia is an incredibly popular holiday destination these days , go to anywhere on the west coast during the summer and you will find hundreds of thousands of british teenagers getting wasted as festivals , i think you 'd be surprised . 
  as a european whos been to all those places and sf , lv and a few other touristy places ( grand canyon , yosemite ) where else would you recommend ? 
  i personally like the idea of chicago and seattle but my mates want to go south to new orleans , atlanta , austin . 
  yeah the plays in american football are good and they take skill but its skill for like 3 seconds . 
  whilst the plays are impressive when they work its still just kinda boring for me as its like `` yes this soo amazi - oh they stopped again '' . 
  nobody wears them, 
  no the discussion was that neutrality isnt always the best option . 
  sometimes yes ( especially in lots of recent circumstances ) but in lots of other circumstances neutrality has been a bad call, 
  more sort of thinking about the 8 million jews that needed help and the other europeans who were being slaughtered, 
  dublin was bombed http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_dublin_in_world_war_ii irish ships were sank http://lugnad.ie/irish-wwii-losses/, 
   you should understand that the struggle for total independence was still politically ongoing at the time . 
  and then you say  unity is also not independence . 
  what more did they want ? 
  gb was saying they would longer have anything to do with the island . 
  what else did ireland want from britain ? 
  full independence was offered if ireland joined in the war effort . 
  yeah thanks for helping out in ww2, 
  would anyone be offended like super sensitive people included ? 
  1066 , william the conquer and the battle of hastings and all that - although they were n't technically ` french ' it 'd be like saying the angles were british . 
  wait , americans on this site keep telling me how the us ' massive military spending helps us in europe and its why we havent been invaded by russia , just like how the us stopped ukraine from being invaded, 
  i thought it was pretty damn funny, 
  i think you might be mistaken . 
  its been # 2 for at least 4 years . 
  its # 2 for half a pint . 
  got drunk on it this monday . 
  want a similar cider go to the corrie tap ( coronation tap ) in clifton village which is about 5 mins walk from where i sit now and get exhibition cider , its the same jobby of only half pint and its 8.5 . 
  there are stronger ciders about but they 're a bit rarer and usually pop up at cider fests . 
  basically its all a big mix in the uk . 
  old men drink ales . 
  young men drink larger . 
  in the west they drink cider . 
  the middle class drink gin and wine . 
  the working class drink vodka and wine . 
  they all drink to numb the pain, 
  fuck knows why their is war footage or even riot footage there . 
  basically just negates any point that film was trying to make . 
  say that where im from ( bristol ) and you 'll soon find yourself in the river avon . 
  here cider is generally a lot stronger than beer and no where near as sweet . 
  i think the class thing comes down to the huge cultural differences between the classes . 
  i think so but i think some employers dont include bank holidays or something like that . 
  https://www.gov.uk/holiday-entitlement-rights/entitlement everywhere i 've worked includes everything, 
  new year 's day good friday easter monday early may bank holiday spring bank holiday summer bank holiday christmas day boxing day and an extra 28 days paid holiday a year by law , some companies will give more . 
  `` then it looks more likely the uk will be part of the eu for a while . '', 
  since when does a referendum mean an exit ? 
  most people are stupid enough to think that leaving the uk means they will need to pay for a visa or something to visit eu countries . 
  also , i highly doubt labour will have a majority next election . 
  dunno much aobut munich but berlin is rad . 
  also places like dresden are damn good looking, 
  # 10 tops in bristol but ovbs go on orange wednesday so its only # 5 . 
  everything else apart from rent costs about as much as london though, 
   4 weddings and a funeral the 1994 film ? 
  thats a list for highest rated in 2011 .
