  because it 's a pro uk story . 
  might as well attack the op, 
  since when was it only eu migrants who would n't pass a points based system became the only ones making start ups ? 
  for the uk, 
  he 's third ... not exactly scraping the bottom, 
  never heard of any of them apart from hans christian anderson , i would have thought nobel would be the most famous swede, 
  surely stalin or even lenin would be more famous, 
  i was actually referencing the areas where english is n't spoken at all , not even just broken slang english . 
  me and my housemates probably double the amount of english speakers in stamford hill , all yiddish around here, 
  pretty sure there 's a handful of french meps petitioning the eu for more things to be in french . 
  i 'm sure i have seen a video following them around brussels as they make the argument for more things or even equal amounts of things to be in french, 
  about # 8,000 less, 
  i would be shocked if that actually happened on any scale, 
  can add a few areas of london to that list, 
  sorry sweetheart but i 'll have you know that we are actually fab-u-lous, 
  bristol and bournemouth are full of spanish language students, 
  i 'm arguing that they do n't look european , in particular white european . 
  i 'm aware many look like south asians , this is partly my point, 
  basically just brazil ( where they speak portuguese ) and argentina . 
  mexicans looks very different from spanish people , even if we 're just talking about fashion and argentinians you can tell the difference because they 'll be the ones trying to take your land, 
  i can tell the difference to a certain extent . 
  i spent 4 months earlier this year in central and south american and they obviously not only look very different but their spanish has a totally different accent . 
  yeah same in the uk . 
  everyone goes on about the eastern european immigrants but the fact is everyone is spanish , get on the tube in london and all you will hear is spanish . 
  there are entire towns here just dominated by young spanish people, 
  i feel like it 's in the best interests of the eu to take the hard line that hollande is talking about but perhaps not be so vocal about and do all the mean things behind closed doors, 
  pretty sure the banks themselves would be, 
  suppose thats the only explanation . 
  i thought bmi adjusted for height ? 
  lots of cities are still covered in pro eu posters . 
  i live in london and see loads everyday and where im from ( bristol ) is also still covered in them . 
  see whilst i know the children of immigrants here in the uk who pride themselves on * not * being british because the uk is terrible . 
  it seems like 2nd and 3rd gen immigrants hold very different beliefs compared with their parents/grandparents . 
  i was in honduras about 6 months ago now , lovely place . 
  expect cold . 
  like so cold . 
  not just the weather but the people as well . 
  i dunno if id call this a tiny step . 
  pretty big imo, 
  you 're saying they should protest in english because other people in the eu speak english . 
  it makes zero sense . 
  because its about a law in poland that other eu powers have zero control over . 
  well no , now you 're being facetious . 
  you can comment on those things but not pretend to have intrinsic relevant knowledge like you did . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  your personal opinions on the matter are n't relevant to the far left unless you 're in the far left . 
  lets say you said ` people from france think that snails are food ' and i said ` well i live near france and i dont think that snails are food ' my point would be tottally irrelevant because im not in the group being disscussed . 
  this is a polish matter not an eu matter . 
  this story has zero to do with the eu . 
  now im willing to bet more people speak polish in poland than english , what do you think ? 
  you said people on the far left are n't trying to destroying european history because you lean left and think things like tearing down statues is bad . 
  because you lean left you are not far left . 
  that would be like saying someone who leans right is a fascist . 
  you 're not adressing my point in the slightest . 
  your example there is proving the origional point . 
  the argument being made is the far left looking to ` destroy european history , culture ' you then made a point where the far right is annoyed at islamic culture changing danish culture and one where the left is changing culture . 
  what is your point ? 
  there is a mile in difference between ` the far left ' and someone whos ` views lean to the left side ' . 
  dont suddenly think that ` the far left ' referring to everyone who is left of center . 
  the fact that is happened in the first place is still hugely shocking . 
  i bet many comedians will now think twice before offending or criticising foreign politians which seems to have been the tactic all along, 
  probably glad their parents wanted to have them rather than being forced to, 
  which arent 100 % effective, 
  why arent the signs in german or polish ? 
  ohhhhhhhhhh the gap between findland and estonia . 
  arnet you neigbors with finland ? 
  again ? 
  have they ever not ? 
  the irish dream, 
  but commonwealth soldiers and gurkahs in the british forces prove that wrong, 
  `` the swedish government has announced the reintroduction of compulsory military service , as part of aims to rebuild national defences amid rising tensions in the region . '', 
  what region ? 
  well at least you were awake to read it, 
  looks like you 're in the minority . 
  edit ; getting downvotes but theres still far more spanish users in this thread complaining than laughing, 
  you mean full blooded irish americans ? 
  after ukraine there is no way russia deserves to join any military collaboration with the west . 
  at least not for some considerable time . 
  firstly , uk not england . 
  you should learn your countries . 
  secondly i personally cant see it working . 
  i dont know why france would be so for it when they will be doing all the heavy lifting , their military is far larger than the rest of the current eu 's expect for germany . 
  in a political sense i cant imagine an eu force actually going fully into combat as everyone has different interests so vetos will be rampant . 
  in a purely tacticle sense i cant see french troops happy to take direction from german commanders and vice versa so i imagine a breakdown in the chain of command . 
  who would orchestrate such a thing ? 
  it just seems too big to work . 
  what i imagine is a very large force where nothing ever happens because all they do is argue about who should do what and why it shouldnt have to be them . 
  nato couldnt even get most eu countries to pay the 2 % of gdp they said they would , i cant imagne them also agreeing to add in their share of manpower and weapons . 
  yeah i just think there are a lot of long games being played so i suppose in 6 months to a years time we might find outselves saying ` ohhh thats why ', 
  this is him actually behaving well . 
  he hasnt been anything like as racist/xenophobic as usual, 
  the explanation i can think of is that this is a threat to the eu ? 
  well technically i suppose they in that they have more things therefore they have more things to loose . 
  you are aware that the artic circle extends to europe , right ? 
  yeah i mean that ( to me ) does seem pretty high , police shooting one person dead almost every month is pretty bad . 
  every here going on about how we 're not the us , yeah great we 're also not brazil , stop comparing ourselves to countries with massive problems with gangs and guns . 
  we can do better than that, 
  i personally do n't view bombing raids as ` non interventionism ' but that 's just me, 
  i 've travelled a fair bit and it does seem to be a bit of a thing for french backpackers to expect to be given rides or even a bed to sleep in if they ask . 
  if people say no then they are just the worst people ever and should have the worst things happen to them .
