  and the oxford dictionary ( where we get our language from ) defies it as `` prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior : '' - then defying ` race ' as `` each of the major divisions of humankind , having distinct physical characteristics '' then further on `` a group or set of people or things with a common feature or features '' also `` a group of people sharing the same culture , history , language , etc. 
  ; an ethnic group : '' - ethnic group being `` an ethnic group or ethnicity is a socially defined category of people who identify with each other based on common ancestral , social , cultural or national experience . '', 
  the un is a political group of countries , they dont dictate the definition of words . 
  also [ the un does not define `` racism '' ; however , it does define `` racial discrimination '' : according to the united nations convention on the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism#legal ) . 
  the un has made it clear the distinctions between racism and racial discrimination . 
  - even though i personally view it as presumptuous of them to make such claims . 
  at the end of the day no one is racist for saying `` british people have bad teeth '' or `` welsh people shag sheeps '', 
  exactly . 
  racism is racism . 
  stereotyping swedish people isnt racism . 
  yeah i suppose you 're right ( although i wouldnt take it offensively and laugh off such a comment as im not a child ) the argument at hand * is * wether that comment is racist or not which it fucking isnt . 
  end of . 
  5.5 % are foreign born https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_finland, 
   into the heart of europe the calais border is not in the heart of europe, 
  you swedes are not a race . 
  i can say whatever about swedish people it would not make me a racist . 
  i think you need to improve on the definitions of certain words in english mate . 
  dont worry , its not like i can speak swedish or anything, 
   this is an advantage . 
  something to envy . 
  to a certain extent . 
  there is huge problems with especially chinese students who dont know the languages and cheated on tests to get it . 
  it fucks me off when im in london and go from place to place having to speak super fucking slowly and clearly as nobody speaks english . 
  but yeah i have noticed a change in culture , its more a culmination of little things like queueing correctly , being polite , walking on the left - i know these are only minor but the added effect is so noticeable . 
  keep in mind i am only 24 , i am comparing thing to what they used to be like 10 years ago . 
   i do n't think cameron is favorable to a brexit either , tbh hes very openly against it but says its hte public who should decide . 
  is anything you disagree with racism ? 
  pork cooked in cider, 
  of course you 're not invited . 
  oh adam curtis is such a bore . 
  [ my favourite parody of him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1bx3f7utrg ), 
  24 years old , graduated 2 years ago . 
  # 2400 when im working full time . 
  i am a freelancer so it averages out closer to # 2000 . 
  # 25 on phone # 30 on gym no rent as i live with my parents ( i travel a fair bit for work so its pointless me moving out at the mo ) - i might move out after this summer though . 
  part of the reason im with my parents is that being a freelancer i am still just starting out in my career and cant fully rely on constant work . 
  i suppose i spend maybe # 160 on food . 
  then maybe # 100 on drugs/alcohol . 
  save the rest / come holidays i will go away to foreign festivals / skiing etc i also have to save to pay for tax at the end of the tax year . 
  i did just turn down a full time job in london on 20k a year as i think thats unacceptably low amount for a graduate with a couple of years experience to be earning in london . 
  where i live rent is about half the price, 
  or an italian francesco babitabooby tortellini, 
   we will silently judge you . 
  mate you 'll get fucked told off for jumping queues . 
  this idea that we silently tut is bull, 
  berlin . 
  so cheap , germans are lovely , great music scene , good food , lots of history . 
  yeah im just saying its likely to happen ( imo ) not that i want it to happen, 
  it seems to be building up to a situation where a police officer or driver or maybe even bystander is killed or seriously harmed by these migrants and then i imagine a change in tactics coming about, 
  you seemed to have missed the banter bus, 
  yeah , an even trade for new york . 
  i think everybody lost, 
  i am now more confused . 
  cats walking across keyboards have written more coherent words . 
  its fucking stupid and it will be a while before anything changes as [ propaganda ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/admin/bkfill/default_image_group/2011/2/25/1298628970292/no-to-av-baby-campaign-005.jpg ) dissuaded the public to vote for an alternative system a few years ago . 
  no even joking about the propaganda , those pics were everywhere, 
  obviously i think its great for reasons of laziness but it can be annoying as its so fucking embarrassing when i can only mumble out a few phrases of someone else 's language . 
  i always find this hard to describe to you continent types but when you 're a teenager trying to learn french and the only media you have of the language that interests you is la haine and when you visit the country everyone wants to speak to you in english rather than hear you butcher their language you 're going to give up straight away . 
  i also think op you would get a lot more negative responses to this question if it wasnt in english on an english speaking site . 
  im sure people who dont speak the language dont like its dominance . 
  we have show our passports when entering into france . 
  its a truly high price to pay . 
  i think these surveys really depends on what is going on at that time . 
  during the iraq/afgan wars im sure things would be a lot lower than say during a time of peace . 
  i mean if the question was , would you defend your country if it was being invaded ? 
  or something along those lines im sure more people would say yes, 
  i find that shocking . 
  even students here end up doing it . 
  where in bristol did you live ? 
  i mean i wouldnt expect areas on the outskirts that arent really part of the city to do it but anywhere central/clifton/redland / glos road everyone does . 
  your username is irish_cynic , you 're just asking to be called a defensive paddy . 
  also calling someone a paddy is not derogatory , unless you 're and overly sensitive child no one is going to give a fuck, 
  i never said the uk was , i know it isnt . 
  i was answering `` what reason would anyone other than us have for hating ireland ? '' . 
  dont be such a defensive paddy, 
  there is a difference between something being not ` normal ' and not the majority . 
  yeah not the majority but you said it was ` not normal ' . 
  the majority of the people you walk past on the street are not black but its normal to see a black guy . 
  again its also not ` weird ' . 
  the bants part was a joke . 
  maybe its normal in , i dunno , northern mining towns or whatever but if say a tourist was to visit london or bristol or any southern area that are reasonably middle class they would most likely see people greeting each other with a peck on the cheek . 
  i see students from all over the country who live in my area who end up falling into that way of greeting . 
  anti eu people here ( where there are a few ) dont hate belgium, 
  because of cunts, 
  european tax haven . 
  billions tax arent paid to various european countries because ireland lets companies like google and microsoft settle their with special tax laws . 
  uhh no . 
  southern middle class england , all my mates kiss when seeing each other , girls kiss girls and guys and girls kiss , sometimes will exchange a kiss with a close male friends if we were really happy about something / hadnt seen each other in a while / bants . 
  wouldnt do it with a colleague but do normally exchange a hug with a female colleague . 
  fucking yes belgium , where can i get one of these ? 
  why would is , the libyan security forces and the other factions stop killing each other if they suddenly became an eu member ? 
  because that would change nothing . 
  yeah this where the `` would more or less people die ? '', 
  argument comes into effect . 
  thousands are currently dieing in the med ocean and in the current conflicts , if you killed a few thousand in quick succession would that send fear into the heart of the populous or would it enrage them ? 
  maybe you could just cut off the head ? 
  its all hypothetical, 
   we 'd see all the warring factions unite to kick us out . 
  and with the support of the population , i might say : no country wants to lose its sovereignty . 
  perhaps we could be the great evil to bring them all together / s,
