  did you mean to say threat ? 
  was ukraine ever a threat to russia ? 
  i was thinking the other day what if the eu just thought fuck it and colonised libya and any other north african countries that are going to shit . 
  would more or less people die ? 
  would it be in a better situation in a generation or so ? 
  i honestly think at first it would go to shit but in time it might actually be sorted out, 
  bristol , one of the wealthiest cities in the uk . 
  also ranked ` the best city to live in the uk ' . 
  i think a lot of people equate taking coke to the psa things they saw in school where its guys sucking cock to get their next hit . 
  its more middle class people having a dinner party , doing a few lines before going to warehouse rave thing somewhere , doing some lines there , going home back in the office on monday . 
  i live in a city a few hours from london , a lot of my friends and some family live in london and where i am from has a very similar music scene to east london . 
  everyone i know around my age 20-30 who lives here or in london regularly ( once a fortnight ) takes coke , this is including aircraft engineers , lawyers , loads of teachers , and a doctor . 
  i work in television and when drinking with new colleagues it seems to be a waiting game before someone is drunk/comfortable enough to say `` sooooooooo ... . shall we get some charlie in ? '', 
  this all being said , i have friends from more rural areas who would never even think of touching it . 
  yeah he was still a mod around this time last week , i remember seeing a post about him / r/conspiracy about him still being a mod here - not that i browse that sub i was linked to it and was interested to see what they are talking about , its mostly laughable . 
  no as that happens to have nothing to do with homosexuality . 
  i must admit i dont really know , i presumed it was 1945-1960, 
  because it gives confidence to those in the closet that their are others like them , others going through the struggle . 
  the more people who come out of the closet and openly admit to being gay the less the homophobes will have to fear as they realise that gay people are fucking normal . 
  your comment is like saying why did black people march for equal rights in the us when the most of the whites hated them ? 
  but ni is next to ireland which has just legalised same sex , the rest of the uk has legalised same sex marriage ex soviet states at least have the excuse of being next to russia . 
  people born straight after ww2 . 
  the exit polls were the correct ones , i think you mean ` meaningless , if the polls before the election showed us anything ', 
  i think if germany was the super great leaders of the eu the make out to be and didnt break more rules than us it would be completely fair for them to have a dig . 
  oh i thought it was a hypothesis because thats what you said , now that its verifiable could you please verify this fact for me ? 
  any scientific publication will do . 
  `` an opinion without an argument is generally not all too interesting . '', 
  is definitely an opinion , it is your opinion . 
  my opinion is different as i dont think you always need an argument to back up an opinion . 
  well can you at least back your hypothesis up with an argument otherwise its not at all interesting and should n't be posted . 
  can you back this up ? 
  the uk can stop immigration and still maintain trade with the eea if it left the eu , thats basically the idea in leaving, 
  no what i think you 're doing is being a typical scot and getting offended when people talk about england when they could just say ` uk ' , lets be honest here if you asked those migrants what scotland was i wouldnt be surprised if the majority had no idea . 
  just do illegal drugs , way more fun and probably safer, 
  yeah i almost want to vote to leave just as a fuck you to junker, 
  it never occurred to me that nations that dont have english as a first language found it cringey when people cant speak english well , i mean i find it painful at times but chances are they speak english better than i speak their language so i never really find it cringey . 
  its for legal highs . 
  lot of kids have died over the past few years for taking them so it was about the only thing they could do to stop people from working out ways around the laws, 
  i dont think the reason we have n't had another major war is because of the eu . 
  well its fucking not . 
  it helps , i clearly said it helps . 
  it definitely unequivocally helps . 
  that all being said people are convinced that that exercise helps more than diet , that exercise will solve everything , it really wont . 
  exercise has very , very little to do with it . 
  look i used to have to drop weight when i rowed in uni , i would train at least 3/4 hours a day everyday but what dropped my weight was simply dropping out my carb intake . 
  a lot of diets put so much emphasis on exercise that people think they can eat shit , thats not true . 
  if you want some actual nutritionists and doctors to back up what im saying i suggest the documentary fed up which is currently on netflix . 
  if you dont have netflix you can watch it here for free - http://vidbull.com/zcslf5o665al.html, 
  sorry but no . 
  i know a lot of body builders and spend a lot of time in / r/bodybuilding so know a fair bit about the sport . 
  i think you should drop by the sub to understand what follows . 
  there are two stages to body building the ` bulk ' and the ` cut ' . 
  the bulk is when they are eating 4k calories or whatever , this is when they are gaining mass essentially putting on muscle and fat . 
  following the bulk coming up to competition they do a ` cut ' , which coincidentally is what i am doing right now just out of vanity . 
  this is when you cut down on calories to loose that excess fat which will in turn loose some muscle but will get a better definition of your muscles and give you that lean look . 
  this is the phase before you go to dehydration when you stop drinking water to really make your muscles pop and bring out vascularity . 
  here are some threads highlighting what im talking about ; http://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/1vwjsp/differences_in_your_bulk_and_cut/ http://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/1jhp5h/how_long_are_your_bulkcuts/ http://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/1y3jsl/bulk_230_to_cut_180/ - `` diet consisted of 3860 calories while bulking and 2500 while cutting . '', 
  if you think bodybuilders are looking shredded whilst eating 4k calories then you really need to learn some basic biology . 
  i knew the french would be behind his . 
  people keep putting so much on exercise when it comes to weight . 
  exercise has very little to do with your bodyweight . 
  diet is like 80 % the cause of your bmi and exercise can take the remaining 20 % . 
  exercise * is * incredibly important for various health benefits especially concerning your respiratory system but when it comes to cutting fat its pretty much all down to diet . 
  people think they can exercise then eat shit , it just doest work like thati if you want to burn off the fat from drinking a can of coke you need to cycle for about two hours which just isnt efficient . 
  i blame poor education on the causes of the obesity epidemic in the uk , just few people know what a healthy diet actually is . 
  if someone asked me to pick two subjects/items/people that really differentiate between the two countries i would be absolutely stumped . 
  the bridge pretty much brings me to tears, 
  hes the most decorated olympic cyclist ever and an 11 time world champion track cyclist . 
  hes one of the main reasons cycling has suddenly become so popular in the uk . 
  the argument being that a big carby breakfast gives you the energy to go out and work hard . 
  that pastries are bad for you hence the reason the likes of chris hoy wins more golds than the french at the olympics . 
  quite a few of us in the uk have the view that eu should be an all or nothing system . 
  some people in the uk dont think its fair that some countries * cough france cough * seem to get away with breaking a bunch of rules whilst the uk has to pay billions in extra payments for following the rules . 
  so either have a system where everyone follows the same rules or dont have one at all, 
  [ lol ] ( https://englishcloseup.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/chris-hoy-bran-flakes-advert.jpg ), 
  dont germany do something like this , or perhaps used to ? 
  where people were paid like a euro 50 an hour if they had been unemployed for a while . 
  the word you 're looking for is preppy, 
  honestly what i saw , we told the security at the festival we were at and they shrugged it off and basically said `` you 're alright , continue on your way '', 
  the only time i have seen an attempted kidnapping was in serbia , my friend being a black girl we were told that it wasnt a too surprising thing for guys to suddenly try and push her into a car . 
  kinda changed my opinion of the place which was okay till that point . 
  you say it with your lips , not your tounge, 
  thank you france for inspiring us to conquer new lands to the point where everyone now speaks our language and i dont have to learn a new one . 
  i dont know if it will shut everyone up but i do think it will shut a lot of people up, 
  british national party , english defence league , national front , combat 18 , al-muhajiroun which became al ghurabaa - some of those arent exactly organisations , more just hate groups, 
  well , i suppose they will first work out a way to not pay it, 
  my teeth are completely straight and i was offered braces as when i bite down there is a slight gap which is completely unnoticeable as how ofter do you clench your teeth with your lips parted, 
  im pretty sure she wasnt forced to do anything , she dropped out after being told she would have to eat what she cooks . 
  i feel like its cheating to use a chavy stripper-esque name as worst , i just dont even view them as ` real ' names . 
  i suppose the worst traditional name might be keith , its just an ugly word . 
  best is pretty hard to decide , i do quite like the name oscar but i wouldnt say it was the absolute best or anything, 
   wow that 's really unbelieveable , how can people reject that ? 
  [ propaganda ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/admin/bkfill/default_image_group/2011/2/25/1298628970292/no-to-av-baby-campaign-005.jpg ) - those posters were fucking everywhere, 
  yeah , most of my mates a far left and even they admit that the ukip supporters have been failed by the system . 
   `` patente '' with a picture of a piece of paper ... common . 
  you mean patents as in new inventions ? 
  no idea what the one above books is ? 
  also the minimum wage when set is confusing as it gives the impression of the current minimum wage which is wrong as its the uk wage from 1995 and the german one from this year . 
  also a lot of the numbers used are formatted wrong , its not like its impossible to understand but we dont use a full stop in larger numbers , only if we 're using a decimal point, 
  no we say first name or christian name , the latter being done basically only by older people,
