  hitchhiking just is n't a thing in much of the world, 
  but military expenditure and access to hardware & research is not even close . 
  the only top end military research companies in the eu is bae , so soon to not be in eu . 
  can source any of that from the us gov 's mouth and not some random blog ? 
  they have shown zero urge to heave the middle east alone, 
  i ca n't even see the eu ever insisting on any military action . 
  i imagine a united force would operate much more like un peace keepers . 
  all it would take us for one country to demand they do n't attack or defend a certain place and then everyone will be asking for the same stuff . 
  it will be a nightmare, 
  a united eu army would still pale in comparison to the us . 
  like not even a fraction of it . 
  even if the uk also changed its mind and added in its nukes and all that it still would be like a tenth the size of the us military, 
  it will be by the time an eu military force is an actual thing, 
  would be a decent bit of exercise for the lads, 
  but won way more, 
  because unless it 's posted here it did n't happen ? 
  theres 700 million of us over here , you expect to see reports of every hate crime in europe in this sub ? 
  go google ` attack on mosques in the u.k. ', 
  yes they do . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  muslims , jews , blacks and all other minorities have been under attack from chavs at some point, 
  apparently only two of them attacked the guy and the others watched , which is what channel 4 is saying, 
  some poorer areas of the country have seen large influxes of polish immigrants and have gone from being ` british working class areas ' to ` polish areas ' in the space of a decade or so . 
  some people did n't like the sudden change and thus do n't like polish people, 
  we realised the french liked cycling , so decided to thrash them at it, 
  i 'm not sure of that . 
  i think they 've been lied to by smugglers and maybe other migrants who have convinced them the uk is paradise . 
  also british volunteers going over and giving them supplied will no doubt convince them the uk is full of free shit, 
  my cousin did architecture and works in fashion . 
  i suppose there is a creative element to architecture . 
  i mean like most of the time your degree just proves that you can work hard and are not a fuck up . 
  like i got a mate who did a masters at oxford in victorian literature , he works in the city . 
  just having a masters from oxford proved he is very smart . 
  as long as you can prove you are smart and know how to present yourself and are likable then the world is your oyster . 
  so much in the world of careers is down to how you present yourself and how likable you are . 
  be nice , look good , be clever . 
  because we do, 
  i like those shawls . 
  eh , border morris look way more intense than normal morris, 
  well a range of things . 
  some of them have pursued careers in equally decent professions and some are perfectly happy managing bars and things, 
  still gon na be part of the eu for likely another 3/4 years . 
  so many of my mates just have zero interest in working in the field they studied in . 
  i know people with architecture degrees who think the idea of being architect is ridiculous . 
  i think they are ridiculous . 
  higher than ireland ? 
  that and likely to encourage some to just leave france or not settle in france which is probably their main goal, 
  worth a thousand words ? 
  i 'll give you three ; war is bad . 
  right there in the picture . 
  look at ops link . 
  eu number 1, 
  yes it is . 
  did you not see the picture ? 
  also only a bronze in cycling . 
  you 'd expect more from france . 
   there 's 0 accountability for it in their own country and not an iota of criticism from the rest of british media for it ( presumably due to fear of being sued by sky ) . 
  no most likely because the british public dont really care . 
  at all . 
  loving how salty you are in this thread . 
  those sweet french tears . 
  i mean , can you blame them ? 
  out of any country in the world i think germans have the best excuse to be afraid to look right wing, 
  well it is one of national sports , i know we 're pretty shit at sports we invented but sometimes we 're alright . 
  [ sorry france ] ( http://keyassets.timeincuk.net/inspirewp/live/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2008/12/chris_hoy_bran_flakes_advert.jpg ), 
  i dont even know for certain anymore , pretty sure it aint good . 
  not necessarily underrated but i dont think many people are n't aware that the lake district is quite pretty or that there is any natural beauty on britain - obviously its not the alps or anything but i think [ the area looks nice ] ( http://cdni.condenast.co.uk/1920x1280/k_n/lake-district-conde-nast-traveller-26sept13-alamy_b.jpg ), 
  see i went to novi sad and someone tried to kidnap my mate and people were racist to our black friends and the police were super corrupt . 
  this was about a decade ago , dunno if much has changed, 
  it was russian state sponsored cheating . 
  go to bogota or medellin , meet young people , their lifestyles and beliefs are very european and so is their culture . 
  i have no idea how you think their culture is so wildly different . 
  i mean maybe to scotland yeah but to italy and spain its super similar . 
  yeah no mate , the comment is saying argentina is similar to colombia . 
  but anyway to address that point i also spent 5 week in colombia earlier this year , its very european . 
  also the closest thing you 're gon na get to a european country outside of europe is canada . 
  say the same about the states but they aint european . 
  also i 'd say they 're very similar to countries like colombia , brazil , chile, 
  yeah i dont get it . 
  they 're just so not european, 
   the explanation i 've heard is that argentinians consider themselves `` european '' rather than latino . 
  wtf ? 
  really ? 
  pretty sure its because rampant doping among the russian olympic team . 
  not politics . 
  why would the mainly brazilian crowd hate russia politically ? 
  why ? 
  car bombs are still turning up a few times a year . 
  its pretty bad, 
  i never said romanians were bothering me . 
  those were some super dark days for the uk ... 60s inflation spiralled out of control , the 70s our economy completely collapsed , the 80s there was widespread riots , hated between the classes , industry just disappearing , you 're also talking about the height of the troubles , regular bombs going off in public places , entire office blocks and shopping centres being destroyed . 
  just because we produced great music and fashion and that then dont start viewing those times through rose tinted glasses . 
   the uk used to have a reputation as the best country in the world when ? 
  like 200 years ago ... ... ? 
  what fantastic sources you got there . 
  edit ; this fucking sub so happy to upvote comments claiming stats without any sources if they match their beleifes but when someone asks for sources , oh god how could you . 
  okay ... ... 
  i wasnt disputing that other countries have more . 
  that figure is from 2013 . 
  the numbers of romanians coming to the uk year on year have literally tripled since then .
