  i just almost never see any abroad and when i do i will suddenly see loads . 
  bogota for example is full of french people but the rest of colombia has zero, 
  is it common for brits to go to bulgaria ? 
  my friends and i all travel loads and i dont think i know anyone who has been . 
  its somewhere between okay and pretty shit, 
  i think in the long run it would . 
  never knew about rockall island . 
  wonder what will happen about it, 
  seems a bit harsh doesnt it ? 
  victim blaming is probably more acceptable for our government . 
  thats like two birminghams and an edinburgh of paedophiles . 
  please for the love of god let that be some fucked statistic, 
  its just all the shit that got swept under the rug for the last 60 years all coming out at once as part of operation yewtree, 
  i highly doubt we will leave . 
  the only way i can see it happening is a series of scandals and the odd terrorist attack and a sudden wave of immigration in the month leading up to the vote, 
  im sure the swedish people wouldnt be as cruel to subject refugees to a different culture to their own . 
  hopefully swedish women will have adopted burkas by the summer as not to offend any immigrants . 
  even if they did the situation is so fucked that arresting them would probably even make things worse . 
   trykkefrihedsselvskabet im surprised people advocating for free speech have chosen to name their group as something unpronounceable, 
  its not real vitriol hatred im talking about here , yeah im sure those who really really hate us are in the extreme minority . 
  im talking about like an immediate dislike , a need to let me know that im from a bad place and i feel like the waters are always tested so they can check that i feel bad for such acts that had nothing to do with me . 
  i think the only way i can really illustrate it would be to compare it to the cliche of the european lecturing the american on how bad their country is for iraq/afgan and other such wars, 
  i find it hard to get drunk with irish people as somehow the conversation always leads to the sins of our fathers . 
  i literally today just got back from colombia where i was doing some backpacking and twice last week i was lectured by different groups of irish backpackers on how awful my country is . 
  i feel myself going towards a position where i feel that irish people dislike me for being english until proven otherwise, 
  the royal navy is currently churning out british made ships , billions and billions is currently being pumped into british ship building, 
  its called horseshoe theory https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory, 
  much in the same way the church of scientology calls everyone who criticises it a pedo the feminist movement call anyone who dont toe the line a racist . 
  you 'll notice the feminist movement have basically absorbed all ethnic minority movements and the lqbt movement to basically have a monopoly on oppression, 
  yeah but one is always near home . 
  - i think, 
  uh , i wouldnt want to piss off a vanguard sub . 
  the uk 's vanguard class are part of the uks nuclear deterrent . 
  at any one point there at least one sub patrolling british waters ( i believe its usually more than one ) armed with up to 16 trident ballistic missiles , each missile is capable of carrying up to 12 independently targetable nuclear warheads . 
  the aim is to retaliate if the uk is attacked . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vanguard-class_submarine https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_trident_programme the astute class are basically used for attacking targets . 
  they carry tomahawk missiles and torpedoes . 
  even in braveheart there is betrayal from robert the bruce on wallace . 
  i mean the people themselves are likely not bad people . 
  they are just in a shit situation . 
  their children however mostly will be ordinary citizens but a number of them will ( if trends are to be believed ) become radicalised . 
  cunts . 
  this is pretty unsurprising , most radicals are second or third generation . 
  i dont have many qualms about the current refugees arriving in europe , its that trends show their kids will be the ones to become the thing they are fleeing from . 
  i woudlnt be surprised if in 20 years we have a large population of young muslims living in the eu who hate the fact that despite growing up here they didnt get the amazing life their parents said they would have and end up resenting the west sources ; http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/radicalised-muslims-in-uk-more-likely-to-be-well-heeled-9754062.html http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/19/british-muslims-driven-to-extremism-alienated-at-home, 
  see i think a lot of people would be all for it but there is a very strong left movement in the uk now which is basically ` we deserve it ' . 
  my facebook feed this very second is full of people saying ` yeah paris was bad but the middle east is a lot worse , forget about paris and focus on syria ' . 
  even if london is bombed i guarantee the left will be saying ` yeah but only x people died , y people have died already in syria so we should count ourselves lucky and accept more refugees ', 
  mi5/6 claim to have stopped/prevented 6 in the last year, 
  its wasnt just syrian refugees i believe her statement was ` all refugees ' was it not ? 
  i mean the stats coming out are showing that many are from all over the middle east and north africa . 
  im failing to see how those two statements differ, 
  no you 're to blame for telling the world that no matter how illegally they get to germany you will give them a better life . 
  she may be a dick but its still a fair question and raises an interesting point . 
  really ? 
  it seems like english language schools here are currently populated by spain . 
  its pretty hard to go anywhere in england these days without coming across a bunch of spanish 20 somethings, 
  because we dont need to . 
  coming from a yank ... 
  same, 
  maybe because im a lefty but thats how i do it . 
  man scared his department may have funding cut tells lies no one can call him out on to protect his and his mates jobs . 
  royal navy should obviously be letting them drown . 
  glad we have merkel telling all the refugees to come to germany so that many make the perilous journey resulting in thousands of deaths . 
  thanks germany . 
  horseshoe theory , where the people go so far left they become right . 
  yes . 
  world leading means the best in the world , like way ahead no question about it . 
  world leading on average as a phrase doesnt make any sense . 
  a better way of saying it would be ` on average the best in the world ' . 
  it 'd be like saying qatar is the worlds leading economy because they have the highest gdpp, 
  that doesnt make them ` world leading ' though . 
  they 're maybe ranked higher on average , thats mainly due to the fact there are 109 universities in the uk and only 44 in the netherlands . 
  also not sure if they are for sure ranked higher on average . 
  uk has 30 in the top 200 , it may be very close, 
  why is it ` very interesting ' ? 
  the uk is only taking in syrian refugees, 
  how is the netherlands leader in world class universities ? 
  their top rated university ( uni of amsterdam ) is ranked 55 , france has 2 universities ranked higher and the uk has 10, 
  princess is a name for girls in the states . 
  you must be dreaming if you think you can get it hard after a coupple of pills, 
  i view the western and eastern europe as two different families . 
  there is tons of shared history between the uk and spain . 
  wars , monarchs , colonies etc https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spain%e2%80%93united_kingdom_relations, 
  i mean they even asked samsung if they were and samsung said no . 
  i never said `` make up for '' , i dont know why you put that in quotes i never said that nor do i think it . 
  its about being viewed as the nice guys of europe . 
  well the independence argument is that this is happening here is counter to what is happening in the rest of europe . 
  northern europe is very cold . 
  get used to it, 
  you may not but you need to remember that public image is very important in international politics and germany is sitll looked at as bad guys . 
  this whole inviting all the immigrants in is a huge pr stunt and thats basically the view of everyone who isnt in germany , even people i know here who are very pro refugees and think what germany is doing is great still say its because of post ww2 guilt . 
  its up to the german to adapt to the ways of the immigrants to make them feel as welcome as possible, 
   i 've said time and time again that it 's moderate muslims that need to work to de-radicalize their own . 
  didnt you hear ? 
  its the wests fault so its up to our governments to do all the work, 
  we 're british , you honestly expect enthusiasm to work ? 
  economy , economy , economy . 
  they seem to be missing the point that many people who want to leave the eu know that they economy will become weaker but want to leave anyway, 
  i think the actual answer is `` because france wanted one '',
