  sunday magazine is amazing also , as is style . 
  uhhh , no we dont . 
  we have no more than a inch , if even anything close to that . 
  the germans put a solid foot . 
  [ british beer ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/1808677.main_image.jpg ) [ german beer ] ( https://images-eu.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41zetyjovhl._sy300_ql70_.jpg ), 
  put an asterisk by the times and not the the guardian . 
  lol . 
  no prizes for guessing where you stand on the political spectrum . 
  fuck off daily mail , the reason the average women cant fit into average clothes is because we 've become a nation of fat cunts . 
  english football fans are pretty bad but huge steps ( likely more so than any country ) are made to stop the violence . 
  over two thousand fans who had been involved in violence in the past had to hand in their passports so they couldnt leave the country when the euros started . 
  i cant see any other countries going to those lengths . 
  yeah im just saying its like top 5 , not number 1 . 
  how has poland taken so much money but seems ( from what little i know ) to be doing worse and worse ? 
  mass emigration to blame ? 
  so yeah , we 're in agreement the uk doesnt think its a world power . 
  even our state news says so, 
  an article that says the uk is a ` middle power ' ? 
  so happy germany invited all these people into europe . 
  getting started on by marseille ultras ? 
  '' `` we saw a sign that hardcore marseille fans might have been involved and might have been the cause of these scenes , '' he said . 
  `` we saw stickers put there by their ultras warning that this is a marseille fan zone and to beware , '', 
  i think you need to get your news somewhere that isnt this sub, 
  british film , tv , news and the fact that we are talking english . 
  and for politics basically being one of the loudest within the eu as its one of the biggest members, 
  did you read what i said ? 
  i said things are hard everywhere even in the uk . 
  i never said they werent worse in other places ... 
  yeah i must admit i 've been the us a few times and people are like full on shocked to meet a brit even in touristy places , i think thats because i 've met americans from other parts of the country in places like nyc and they like talk to you as if you were from another planet . 
  i mean it does shock me how so many people dont like understand that films and television are not real . 
  whenever they try to be funny, 
  i have a few german friends as i travel a lot , i spent last winter in central/south america and made many german friends on the backpacker circuit and i also have 4 mates who live in berlin so i 've met their friends and visit them from time to time . 
  also living in london you end up meeting expats from all over the world so i know a few germans here . 
  i dont know if we really have any stereotypes about germany , like as a people they 're seen as super sensible , organised and quite boring but thats like a really old stereotype that people just say . 
  if you were to ask the average brit what they thought of the average german you would probably get a shrug as opposed to if asked us what we thought of the french they would say a joke about them being twats but then likely chuckle and say ` nah , they 're alright ', 
  we 're basically the americans of europe . 
  they love to hate . 
  its the same way the us gets loads of shit from europeans because its easy to attack the country who exports so much media and politics , the uk does the same in europe . 
   funny how the daily mail demographic prides itself on edgy / dark british humour , dailmail gets offended at just about everything . 
  ive never seen it promote dark humour in anyway, 
   i do n't know how a brit could call out someone for looking bad so why do we dominate the top posts of r/gentlemanboners and r/ladyboners ? 
  maybe if it was funny , a string of insults on its own is not funny , you need to make actual jokes to make it funny . 
  i kinda feel like im trying to tell a blind person what colours are when explaining humour to a german . 
  well try beating us in a war next time . 
  working class can afford to go to germany , they cant afford to go to the us . 
  the stereotype americans have of the british is the middle/upper class stereotype , the stereotype the germans have of brits is the working class stereotype . 
  yeah im kinda shocked by the sentence `` try to have 3 kids living in poland working shit job . '', 
  - how about try to have any kids anywhere working a shit job . 
  i personally view having kids as a luxury . 
  yeah everyone can have them but to be able to afford to raise them comfortably requires shit loads of money, 
  if i had to choose i would probably say german so i could live in berlin . 
  literally a handful of small schools . 
  its not really a big issue . 
  13 , shit i 've been to most the countries i got wrong . 
  yeah that was a fecking trick question, 
  what spirits are so popular in france ? 
  jail is there to reform people not punish them . 
  youd be wasting your money putting them away, 
  good, 
  spent last november-march in central/south america , i dunno man i think the spanish are louder . 
  that may be because when we 're not drinking we 're super quiet , its seen as rude to talk above a whisper when on public transport or whatever so you notice it soooo much more when spanish people are within a quarter mile of you . 
  maybe , dont get nearly as many of them in the uk compared with the spanish, 
  where i am from houses are either [ georgian ] ( https://c3.staticflickr.com/3/2677/4208655690_f78144929d_b.jpg ) or [ victorian ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/geophotos/01/16/34/1163438_5c464a18.jpg ) clifton , bristol, 
  a lot of people here saying americans or brits or whoever is the loudest . 
  its the spaniards . 
  well , i maybe cheating as i am using spanish people who many of whom im sure live here but god you guys are loud . 
  like i understand being loud when you 're pissed because we are super loud and annoying when drunk but the spanish on tube at like 8am on a tuesday are talking like they 're in some sort of fiesta . 
  no mate , it is cold , it is rainy , it is tuesday , please calm down . 
  thats seen as unusual ? 
  the quote is ` history is written by the victors ' . 
  why victors get to do all the writing i dont know . 
  its a pretty old name and you dont see many of them about now, 
  umm i suppose it depends on how the rest of the political landscape is . 
  lets say if there is one big party like 55 % and the rest are all around 10 % then i suppose they 're not fringe . 
  if say there are two big parties around 30 % and a couple around 10-5 % those smaller ones are def fringe . 
  it can mean either but normally it just means a smaller party . 
  its just that the smaller parties tend to be the more extreme ones so people use the word for both, 
   hers is # 1,100 for a 1 bed flat in wimbledon ( but she is now moving into a house share ) . 
  yeah theres her problem . 
  fuck living on your own in london , its ridiculous . 
  me and my mates share a house in highgate ( super nice area , average house price around here has to be around 2mil ) and its 550 each . 
  til there are no cities in ireland and london is the only city in the uk, 
  we still refer to ukip as a fringe party in the uk when they got like 20 % of the vote, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celtic_britons https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_of_the_britons, 
  united kingdom has been used since the 1800s , i look down the street that im on now and see houses that outdate that term . 
  we as a british people have been here long before christianity has . 
  christianity invaded these shores . 
  britain isnt a country . 
  eh , i think you 're close but not quite there . 
  i 'll use ukip in the last election as an example . 
  lets say i am a middle aged upper/middle class guy who lives in the countryside . 
  i am the tory through and through . 
  i like the tories but their stance on immigration is not to my taste , i also dont like the eu . 
  ukip share those views but they are a fringe party who will never get in power , i dont want them in power but i want the tories to implement their stance on immigration and the eu . 
  i vote for ukip because this tells the tories to adjust their policies to those closer to ukips and thus i get the best of both parties . 
  hence the reason we are having the referendum on eu because the tories didnt want everyone flocking to ukip and thus loosing to labour in the last election . 
  the tories only suggested the referendum after ukip gained loads of support . 
  why must a religion from the middle east define us ? 
  you see the irish tricolour all over london , my local pub has one up on the wall . 
  in all honestly i probably see the irish flag way more than i do st george 's cross but obviously nowhere near as much as the union flag .
