  i do think though in recent years spanish is more popular, 
  so 90 % of the country ? 
  wait , i thought we were meant to be racist or something ? 
  i swear this sub told me that, 
  in the uk we very much view our selves as a nation with a huge history of military aggression and still do to this day . 
  there def is n't a belief here that we 're an island of innocent peaceful people but there def is also a move to try and become one, 
  i dare you to try, 
  russia like to put themselves in this word position of ` we are a peaceful nation of nice people who never attacks anyone or does anything wrong ' when discussing war crimes to ` we are a strong fighting people who will fuck anything and everyone up if provoked ' when discussing sanctions against them, 
  what in the fuck are you babbling about ? 
  i wonder what poland would have done if the uk was the one getting invaded, 
  kinda off topic but is n't ` lest we forget ' meant for soldiers ? 
  the * only * reason churchill is revered is for helping stop hitler . 
  of course we 'll mention hitler when germans critique him , churchill is a big part in what stopped 1940 's germany getting what they want, 
  creative ? 
  literally the worst crimes against humanity in the history of the world r/europe where it 's acceptable to defend hitler in insult of brits, 
  i think it 's just that it 's coming from a german . 
  their leader at the time may have been slightly worse , but for some reason r/europe believe its progressive to forget germany 's past but also progressive to bring up the uk 's, 
  thats great and all , but my point is that ` going to the shops for someone ' doesnt mean you see them as a slave ( i literally cant believe im having to explain this ) it means you see them as a neighbour . 
  lets say i have a neighbour and we spoke a few times and i trusted him because he seemed okay , it wouldnt be out of this world for me to see him leaving to go to the shops and me to say ` hey mate can you pick me up some milk whilst youre there , heres a 5er ' because thats a nice neighbourly thing to do , go to the shops for someone . 
  my neighbour is now not my slave , he is not my servant , he is someone i trusted with my money to do me a favour because hes a trustworthy guy . 
  im not gon na invite him down to the pub with my mates because he did this act for me but we will both likely be warmer to each other as there now is a bond of trust . 
  i would more than likely now knock on his door next time im going to the shops and ask if theres anything he needs me to pick up . 
  to go to the shops for someone is just seen as a neighbourly act , although its something that more belonged to older generations as more often that not neighbours no longer talk to each other . 
  its more that you 'd trust them as a neighbour but not a friend . 
  i cant see where you 're getting that from . 
  the dup are scum but this comment is currently being taken way out of context . 
  [ he went on to say that he would not trust muslims either , particularly with regard to those who had been involved in violence , or those who are `` fully devoted to sharia law , i would n't trust them for spiritual guidance '' . 
  however , mr robinson said he would trust muslims to `` go down to the shops '' for him or to deal with a number of other `` day to day issues '' . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-27604841 ) he literally said he wouldnt trust their spiritual guidance but would trust them in other walks of life . 
  how you 're immediately thinking ` oh he sees them as slaves ' is way beyond me . 
  i feel like this is one of those times where non english first language speaking reditors think they know english but dont understand phrases and get confused . 
  to ` go down to the shops ' for someone is literally seen as a neighbourly act . 
  i dunno mate , i 've come to accept that life is shit and i 'm now just enjoying everything collapsing around me, 
  no no no i 'll just be happy blaming the scots thanks, 
  i suggest living in a city, 
  literally the comments saying ` all over the uk people are calling corbyn a terrorist ' maybe in some backwards estate in the middle fucking nowhere you might but fuck if i 've ever come across something like that, 
  you 're literally looking at two extremes neither of which represent the largest group of britains who are the middle class, 
  you say standing with us on sanction against russia but whilst i feel like the uk is leading the way in terms of sanctions whilst france and especially germany drag their heels, 
  i wonder if some countries in the eu would prefer it if their citizens were n't going to the uk in such numbers or even would like to see lots come home . 
  perhaps they 'll be quite happy for this tax thing, 
  you could say the same thing about certain areas in the u.k. where most people are wealthy and thus in decent shape , or the opposite if you 're in a poor area and almost everyone is obese, 
  next time my house cleaner comes over i 'll make sure shes aware that ` her country needs her ' for you, 
  because the usa is trying to diversify its population rather than just more of the same, 
  rather have bad food than a country that people are fleeing because it 's shit, 
  i 'm not saying they cause a problem . 
  i 'm saying polish people complaining about immigrants not adjusting culture is hypocritical, 
  literally just gave you an article explaining all that . 
  i suggest you read it before just automatically replying to me, 
  you 're talking about restaurants which i 'm not talking about . 
  i 'm talking about polish shops . 
  they only sell polish food and all signs are in polish . 
  polish immigrants here are desperate to rectorate mini polands in certain areas, 
  that 's untrue https://www.ft.com/content/83e7e87e-fe64-11e6-96f8-3700c5664d30, 
  not really . 
  more people are working but wages are way down as is public spending but borrowing is just ridiculously high . 
  the hosing crisis being a huge issue here they have n't addressed as people ca n't afford to buy houses, 
  many polish immigrants refuse to integrate here and have their polish shops , churches , schools , do n't teach their kids the language nor even learn it themselves , some councils are now pitting up polish road signs as apparently learning to read english ones is too hard . 
  i 'm gon na put this comment down to pot calling the kettle black, 
  pshh ww1 / ww2 . 
  germans bad , france uk and russia good . 
  all the same, 
  i in all honestly dont think i know anyone who watches it, 
  not exactly rare as britannia is on some of our coins and statues of her are very common as are carvings and other things representing her on many pubic buildings . 
  [ heres a ww2 russian propaganda poster ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/54/86/d6/5486d6aa55329c2bc7b9eb8353209860.jpg ) of mother russia with britannia and marianne, 
  shouldnt the uks figure be [ britannia ? 
  ] ( http://l450v.alamy.com/450v/g3c0e0/franco-british-exhibition-white-city-shepherds-bush-london-unity-the-g3c0e0.jpg ), 
  well i think its the more italians pretending their country wasnt a nazi ally who didnt switch sides until it looked like the nazis were going to loose . 
  almost like some people believe what they read in history books or something . 
   it requires great effort as in killing millions of people great effort ? 
  i kinda get your point but i do think people who thought the very same thing about germany had many more reasons to dislike germany than people who dont like russia today, 
  we regularly make jokes about how americans blame all their problems on mexicans , you 're really playing into a stereotype there . 
  oh shit , i replied to the wrong comment . 
  my bad . 
  ha , get it together france !, 
  ~ ~ ~ ~ we regularly make jokes about how americans blame all their problems on mexicans , you 're really playing into a stereotype there . 
  sensationalist title got me far too excited . 
  if the uk does n't back palestine 's bid i will shed a tear of embarrassment . 
  ohhh , well you misunderstood godzilla0815 . 
  the countries is blue are losing because ie is shite . 
  not because there are fewer of them . 
  opera is good . 
  thats fucking embarrassing . 
  it does annoy me how the england flag immediately makes me look like a prick whilst the scottish / northern irish / welsh flags are ok , in / r/unitedkingdom almost everyone who is english uses the unionjack whilst everyone else uses their individual countries flag . 
  seriously italy , wtf !, 
  vw and mercedes in my family, 
  the magical underwear comment it kind of stupid , you can say the same about any american president who is religious - `` obama believes that there is a wizard in the sky watching our every move and judging us '', 
  to be honest i would n't vote , they both look like a bad option, 
  kind of on topic ; has anyone else noticed the massive rise of new spanish immigrants to the uk ? 
  this is my personal opinion ; having a piece of paper claiming citizenship does not mean you belong to that country . 
  legally of course it means that you 're a citizen but i believe that to belong to a country you have to agree with its morals and ideals . 
  you have to be a part of that society as a whole , not segregate yourself off with those who are from the same part of the world as you or the same religion . 
  you have to accept the countries laws and not try to impose laws that come from where you or your parents once lived . 
  ` this is our country too ' - seriously it is not * your * country . 
  if you want to act like that and get so offended by a film then go somewhere else where you 're welcome . 
  in europe we dont act so ridiculously when offended . 
  well at least you 're half true, 
  im confused , is this because they predict that a bunch of greeks will be violently protesting against merkel ? 
  the women who gave a whole bunch of her countries money to them so things would n't get really fucked up over there . 
  lets not compare football and golf fans . 
  [ american sports fans ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/golf/rydercup/9577684/ryder-cup-2012-investigation-after-american-fans-abuse-europes-players-wives-and-late-captain-seve-ballesteros.html ) have no sense of sportsmanship,
