  the only way i can see it working is if each military assigned a medium sized force of their own and kept their own forces separate . 
  i dont see why the larger militaries ( france and uk ) should donate their men and machines when everyone else has much less to give . 
   he british always happy to pay for military instead of enjoying life bit rich coming from a german, 
  amanoo is saying they in holland dont spend much on military so they can spend it on better things , not that the us has a big military rather than healthcare or whatever . 
  we all know your gov would rather give money to big pharma and insurance companies than actually help people . 
  i think a lot of it has to do with the films and music videos kids watch that basically say to be happy you have to own 5 super cars and least 4 beach homes . 
  you have 12 year olds watching keeping up with the kardashians or whatever where you see spoilt brats crying that their lamborghini got a flat so these kids think the fact that they dont even have a ferrari means their life is shit, 
  i actually think welsh sounds really nice . 
  from a distance it kinda sounds like it could be english in a ridiculous accent then you listen to whats being said and realise that word should have that many vowls . 
  you mean spanthishh, 
  makes it pretty fucking hard to draw though, 
  ummmm , vodka ? 
  a lot of people are saying its russian politics they dont like but they actually like russians themselves . 
  if putins approval ratings are actually true i must admit i dont like russians . 
  i do however like their music ( borodin , mussorgsky etc ), 
   no one thinks that . 
  so why didnt you say that originally ? 
  that was my question . 
  `` historian cormac \u00d3 gr\u00e1da disagreed that the famine was genocide : first , that `` genocide includes murderous intent , and it must be said that not even the most bigoted and racist commentators of the day sought the extermination of the irish '' ; second , that most people in whitehall `` hoped for better times for ireland '' and third , that the claim of genocide overlooks `` the enormous challenge facing relief agencies , both central and local , public and private '' . 
  [ 155 ] \u00d3 gr\u00e1da thinks that a case of neglect is easier to sustain than that of genocide ' why isnt that guys guys account in that link correct ? 
  he pointing toward neglect . 
  also no one is saying that the disease was created by the british , i cant find that anywhere . 
  it seems like the merchants whilst not solely responsible carry a lot of the blame here , who were the merchants ? 
  the source about them in the wiki article just leads to a pdf with little information on it . 
  for ireland or gb ? 
  just the years of the famine ? 
  or the years prior/after ? 
  so you 're saying phytophthora infestans was a artificially generated disease made by the british ? 
  pretty much the same belief held by us over here as well, 
  well according to reddit its happening right now everyday and all of them are in on it . 
  when in reality two maybe 3 mps were caught about 40 years ago . 
  no the fucking raf jets in lithuania , estonia and latvia http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-lincolnshire-27417257 http://www.raf.mod.uk/news/archive/raf-deploys-typhoon-jets-to-bolster-nato-air-policing-mission-28042014 http://www.itv.com/news/2014-05-21/tensions-high-as-british-jets-probe-russian-spy-plane-in-eastern-europe/ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/10793149/ukraine-crisis-raf-typhoons-fly-to-baltic.html, 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/germany-wants-russian-sanctions-lifted-safeguard-economy-continue-trade-relationship-1997080 http://www.euractiv.com/sections/europes-east/france-germany-concerned-about-russia-sanctions-policy-311046 http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/02/business/german-energy-firm-pushes-ahead-on-russian-deal-despite-british-objections.html, 
  nah you 'll get it at all the christmas markets and what not, 
  you been unbenned ? 
  you also can everywhere in the uk during winter , do you not have mulled wine in ireland ? 
  we also have mulled cider in the west country, 
  i think its pretty typical of this sub to somehow find a way to blame to the uk for something bad going on the europe when it was germany who tried to prevent sanctions against russia . 
  we 've been the ones waving the flag for ukraine in the eu whilst france and germany have been trying to keep their pal putin happy, 
  the uk isnt doing nothing . 
  they are currently training the ukrainian army , the raf is providing air defence with typhoons regularly escorting russian planes home . 
  the uk also hasnt ruled out providing military support in the form of troops , tanks or armaments . 
  this much to the annoyance to merkel who said our involvment will only worsen the conflict . 
  the last bastion of defence for the free world against european/global tyranny . 
  a once powerful empire down trodden and battered from endless wars trying to hang onto life as a war machine battered down its walls . 
  a lot of our focus is on our civilians during the blitz , ` our finest hour ' and all that . 
  we know a lot of it is propaganda that we were the put your head down and power on through the struggles type but we like to believe it anyway, 
  french arent a race , i can say what i like about the ` french ' and it will be xenophobic , not racist . 
  british people are too culturally similar to be ethnically different . 
  remember also they are still separate countries so technically you are emigrating if you live in one or the other . 
  i think the same can be said for all other european countries . 
  not different ethnicity 's though , which was what i was highlighting really, 
  am i missing something , where else would it come from ? 
  dont get me wrong it is great in some ways but it going to get worse . 
  too many people want to live there and its just making the place unaffordable , uncomfortable and generally a fucking drag . 
  there is currently an exodus of the middle class from london to other cities like bristol or brighton, 
  not counting the obvious anglosphere nations probably france or ireland . 
  according to wikipedia its growing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cornish_language, 
  i dont think you can learn cornish at uni here . 
  no , heath has been on the front page of the bbc news site for the past two days, 
  yeah but we 're talking about actual countries, 
  everything in germany is dead cheap . 
  eating out with drinks costs about a third of what it does in the uk, 
  frankeh was randomly sometime in the past week or so . 
  there have been others , i think / r/conspiracy have several threads on the matter ( yeah i know they tend to be overly paranoid about such things ), 
   very popular in germany ( made by turkish immigrants ) and then spread to the rest of europe . 
  the way this is worded gives the impression that turkish immigrants went to germany and gave germany the donner which was then exported out of germany to the rest of europe . 
  didnt realise the polish were such a bitter people . 
  so its 100 % turkish . 
  also you 're claiming that turkish immigrants only go to germany which is false . 
  my main gripe is with them just banning users who they dislike, 
  thats the spirit !, 
  true but sometimes its easier to stop and invasion if you strike first . 
  yeah in the west country almost all of our jokes revolve around wales , where the men are men and the sheep are nervous . 
  things have clearly gotten worse since then . 
  4 years ago there was no threat of young britons running off to jihad , now it is happening weekly . 
  i think a lot of people think of weddings as a religious ceremony and shouldnt be forced by the government to change . 
  gays should have civil services like they did in the uk for years, 
  non whites who are british in the uk, 
  they are more important to us . 
  they were apart of our society . 
  they are our parents , siblings , friends , loved ones . 
  [ one survivor told the bbc how her fiance matthew james , a welsh tourist , had been shot three times as he used his body as a shield . 
  `` he took a bullet for me , '' said saera wilson . 
  `` i owe him my life because he threw himself in front of me when the shooting started . 
  it was the bravest thing i 've ever known . 
  '' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33297440 ) hero . 
  [ dispatches - under cover mosque ] ( https://vimeo.com/19598947 ), 
  dispatches did an investigation back in i think 2005 about it and is was fucking horrifying . 
  https://vimeo.com/19598947 - the doc, 
  looking at ops history he/she seems like the sort of person who would be happy that most of those gunned down in tunisia yesterday were brits . 
  go fuck yourself mate . 
  we did things in the past that were awful , we accept that . 
  you 're country is fucked right this second . 
  looking at ops history he seems to have a thing against the british, 
  yes the thousands in calais are actually trying to go to paris . 
  all british suspects and victims organised by race hosted on the government website . 
  happy ? 
   i understand that european countries avoid gathering ethnicity data for crimes as policy no not really . 
  loads of high profile cases in the uk at the moment regarding pakistani rapists the problem was the police tried to ignore the crime as it was pretty much strictly pakistanis raping white girls , they knew if it came to light racial tensions would rise .
