  odd that . 
  our country is about the same age and we dont have blasphemy laws . 
   and the us is brought up in every thread regarding crime or immigration or politics in this sub because americans keeping coming in with comments like `` by all means , come to american social housing ( called projects ) '', 
  im perfectly aware things are worse in the us . 
  obviously wanst going to start talking about the us as its totally irrelevant . 
  you may not realise this but the us doesnt have to be a part of every discussion , especially in / r/europe . 
  it was tried in the uk a couple of years ago . 
  basically many estates ( social housing projects ) are very shit , lots of unemployment , areas are just falling apart . 
  the government said that if you were unemployed and on benefits then you should join a program where you can help improve your area , take part in community service , generally just do something with yourself . 
  it was scrapped as many called it slavery , making people work for their benefits . 
   i find it funny that some bloke from england thinks he can lecture people who live far closer to the ** problem . 
  ** there it is . 
  thats what im saying . 
  you 're agreeing with me whilst you say im wrong . 
  yeah go google that . 
  and swedes on reddit are ? 
  im talking about swedes i know in real life . 
  i live in london and a very large amount of very liberal swedes live here . 
  and there was a norwegian ( i think ) politician who was upset that the guy who raped him might be deported, 
  no matter where it is in the world when people are given free housing then tend to treat it and the surrounding area like shit . 
  if they have to work for those things they treat them with more respect . 
  i know this sounds like some far right argument against social housing which its not , i think that all civilised societies * have * to have social housing i would just like to point out that human behaviour is often shitty . 
  edit ; a good example of this that just sprung to mind is iraq , during the rebuilding of many cities the coalition forces found that if you got the locals involved and helped them build their own schools they were far more likely to want to send their kids there than if they had schools built for them . 
  i dont understand that rhetoric but i have seen it from so many swedes . 
  i swear they could be in the process of being assaulted by immigrants and yet they still will say to their last breath that ` no , no no everything is fine . 
  its my fault for this happening ', 
  i just have it because its more relevant to where im from . 
  if my counties flag was an option i 'd have that one . 
  by ~ ~ declaring ~ ~ reminding them that english cheese is better . 
  i dunno , i think it 'll be pretty close . 
  [ apart from london there not many other major places in the east ] ( http://www.populationlabs.com/maps/uk_population_map.png ) most of the major cities , birmingham , liverpool , manchester , cardiff , bristol , bradford , glasgow , edinburgh arent in that texas area . 
  i think you can also add leeds and sheffield to that list but not 100 %, 
  put its saying that half the uk is the same as texas , half of 64 is 32 . 
  because when we say there is a divide the east presumes its us in the west looking down on them and they will get all offended and say that no they are the same as us and their countries are great . 
  then in another thread they will defend mass migration to the west and say that its our duty in the west to take them in . 
  either you accept that eastern european has some major social problems and that life in the west is better or you take the stance of you like it the way it is and dont think people should be migrating . 
  to me it seems like many people in this sub want to have their cake and eat it, 
  because in ireland going to war means to defend their country whilst in the uk going to war means shooting some poor fucker in the middle east who has been told that either he holds this ak and runs at the white guys or his family will be killed . 
  which is an ongoing theme for this thread and quite rightly so . 
  to countries with large forces ` fight for ' means to fight a war wherever for any reason whilst smaller neutral countries to fight for means to defend, 
  didnt we pay for a wall in france ? 
  seems only fair, 
  but the press were bringing it up, 
  i 'm a remainer , i 'm just saying what the public opinion here was . 
  jesus christ this fucking sub , you try and say why people did what they did and everyone attacks you for dissing the eu, 
  same way many french people cant pronounce many english names . 
  yet to meet a french person who can say my name ( jamie ) , although they do get a lot closer than the spanish who just give up and pronounce it as if it was a spanish word ( h for j ), 
  im like naively guessing that its a tactic to start off acting like a twat then in time soften to a neutral stance and others will view you as compromising . 
  if that makes sense ? 
  like imagine you meet your mates bf and hes being a fucking dick to you all night but gradually by the end of the night he is civil , you think you 've won him over and you 're proud of yourself but you 've only worked to get him to be reasonable . 
  actually a lot of brexit support came from ` they never wanted us anyway , its best for everyone to leave ', 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  thats the argument boris is trying to make . 
  you may disagree with boris ' argument but weighword is just simply translating it for those who were confused . 
  why are you so concerned about foreign press ? 
  honestly i could n't see anyone giving a shit in the u.k. 
  if a romanian publication said something about some british government event . 
  so why on earth would romanians be so concerned with online stories written by british news outlets ? 
  especially as the overwhelming majority of people know nothing about these stories, 
  but still in real life calling someone a ` leave voter ' is def an insult . 
  well , in middle class london anyway . 
  there 's going to be a divide for quite some time, 
  and yes , its almost right . 
  60 % are foreign born and of those 60 % a very very small proportion is non eu . 
  at least 50 % if from the eu , more likely to around 55 % , i just cant be bothered to do the maths, 
  well actually it confirms the largest group is foreign nationals . 
  the largest from any one nation is british . 
  not specifically from the eu ( but almost all are ) but yes a large proportion of london 's homeless are foreign . 
  the by far largest majority being from romania https://www.indy100.com/article/the-majority-of-homeless-people-in-london-are-foreign-nationals--wkxgkdhwujw https://www.theguardian.com/housing-network/2012/apr/13/immigrant-foreign-national-homelessness i think anyone who spends time in london will notice the majority of people who ask them for money likely wont be doing so with english accents . 
  personally i think [ land of hope and glory ] ( https://youtu.be/vpewpk_dl7m?t=107 ) is better, 
  i presumed there was never any in the first place, 
  as a brit it happens pretty much daily here . 
  you tend to just ignore it or laugh along with it, 
  napoleon , ww1/2 etc it 's a joke so do n't read too much into it, 
  you seriously think westminster is more trustworthy than brussels ? 
  that blows my mind , i just ca n't put myself in that frame of mind, 
  if by posh twat you mean correct then yes, 
  he 'll probably end up becoming radicalised in prison and come out hating westerners for punishing him for acting in a way his culture views as acceptable, 
  considering the way some of my friends who have volunteered in places like the jungle view these migrants i 'm not surprised if charities have been helping migrants cross borders illegally . 
  i know people who think it is our duty above all else to do everything we can for these migrants even if it means breaking any law, 
  i mean it def looks more religious to me than miss world, 
  european corporation would mean the wall did n't need to be built in the first place as there 's no way countries who are being cooperative would build migrant camps in places like calais, 
  for uneducated heathens such as myself who do n't know this tradition from what i can gather it 's a bit like miss world but with more religion and generally quite nice and sweet https://finland.fi/christmas/the-chosen-one/, 
  met a scottish bloke the other night and have no idea what he was saying . 
  literally speaking another language imo, 
  cuts to public services affects everyone, 
  not if fucking cnn is giving them such publicity, 
  i mean it very much normally is . 
  gov on the other hand , not so much, 
  it does now, 
  live in london and think it 's great when you 're in a position like me ( decent wage , young , zero responsibilities ) . though would n't want to raise a family here , too expensive and a little bit dangerous . 
  i 've met many foreigners who have moved here expecting to find a great job for them and their family and to be able to afford to buy a house and all that but they 're shocked that their degree from an unheard of overseas university is worthless and that people are n't desperate to pay them lots of money . 
  i 've met a few people who complain about these things like it 's our ( the british people 's ) fault that their dreams did not come true , that always really fucking annoys me, 
  not like we really needed it before, 
  the guy is a buffoon and only works for himself but i do believe there is something lost in translation here . 
  i think most people in this thread do n't understand that private school boy humour . 
  what he said was a quip at us and italy, 
  same her in the uk , my school was split down the middle . 
  either you did german or french and basically all our classes were split down to what language you studied . 
  when we played sports it was always german side vs french side .
