  there are areas of britain that a very different from the rest of the country , including entire cities like bradford . 
  theres an area where i live that is mainly polish , polish shops , polish churches , just dont expect to be able to go to restaurants/shops in that ares and be able to get away with speaking english to everyone . 
  - to be fair though most poles do learn the language . 
  its just that a lot of them start businesses ' and only hire other poles which kinda irks me . 
  i am all for immigrants coming here if they want to become a part of society , learn the language and generally integrate . 
  i am not for immigrants coming here , looking down on our way of life as immoral , starting schools so their kids dont have to be educated with the natives , and basically refusing to have anything to do with us . 
  we live in a society where it is completely acceptable for an asian father to not let his daughter marry a white man , if it was the other way around that would be raciest . 
  probably because we hate our politicians . 
  i am pro eu but only slightly ( i think leaving is a bad idea but not a terrible one ) and i view most northern european politicians as way more trust worthy than our own , i view southern european politicians as more untrustworthy ( mainly berlusconi 's fault ), 
  should have written ` united kingdom ' as thats the country represented in the eu, 
  as far as i can tell she has n't actually said `` no special treatment for the uk '' or anything to that affect . 
  she made a speech saying that we 're better together and that after two world wars we were all fucked and that germany will never forget that its the eu that made them strong again . 
  she even said ; `` united and determined , we can defend our european economic and social model in the world . 
  united and determined we can bring our values and interests to bear in the world . 
  united and determined we can serve as a model for other regions of the world . 
  this -- and nothing less than this -- should be our common goal . 
  i regard it as the task for our generation . '', 
  - to me that looks like more like she 's convincing british politicians that they should side with germany and the eu , not saying `` its our way or out '' as the guardian seems to think . 
  i thought this was common knowledge in europe . 
  even throwing up the roman salute will get you arrested - a note to our cousins on the overside of the atlantic to never , ever do anything like that whilst in europe , especially germany . 
  but ... buts its just grey in birmingham, 
  [ how 'd i do ? 
  im pretty sure the uk currently controls scotlands assets and if they become independent then refused to pay their share of the debt the uk can simply refuse to release anything they own . 
  yes i dont think the author has ever actually heard any chopin . 
  i doubt very many . 
  its an expensive country to live in so retiring here is n't a good idea . 
  yeah i got friends working for obs and they 've been saying nothing but positives . 
  whats the significance of football fans ? 
  going out on a limb but im going to guess it represents bad things what with it being the devil and all . 
  what ever they are i personally feel that they do n't hold a candle to [ templars ] ( http://www.kmistudio.com/blog/siteassets/gallery/other/mysterytemplars.jpg ), 
  i am aware he is dead but sarah burton has been doing very good things with the brand since mcqueen 's death , she was his protege after all . 
  thomas burberry , adolf dassler and yves saint laurent are all dead but their brands live on . 
  good shout . 
  alexander mcqueen could also be another option, 
  team gb [ by adidas ] ( http://www.teamgb.com/news/official-team-gb-sochi-2014-winter-olympic-kit-revealed ) really dull . 
  i do n't understand why for years a german brand has made our olympic clothing . 
  it 'd be nice to see a brand like burberry making the olympic outfits ( as long as they didnt put their check anywhere ), 
  its a joke . 
  you do realize that , right ? 
  not nitpicking i was being silly . 
  i suppose it depends on how you look at it , they 're pretty much the same size , france has more men but uk has more machines http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=united-kingdom&amp;country2=france&amp;submit=compare+countries, 
  plus its one of the very few countries we have n't invaded yet . 
  its high time we started working our way down that list . 
  i dont usually support us invading other countries but i do think we should be doing something ( only peacekeeping ) in central african countries where conflicts are really bad , especially as the uk has the biggest military in the eu, 
  most likely more so, 
  both actually . 
  i think a bunch went over from england and germany during the protestant reformation . 
  i remember reading something about it somewhere ( or might have been on tv ) or i could just be completely mistaken . 
  i think a lot of families emigrated from germany to ireland ( i know my ancestors did at some point ) which would explain the large blue . 
  shortly after this map was made my family made the journey to the uk , which would also explain the current lack of anglo families . 
  why didnt you just put this up in the first place ? 
  im actually from the west country so we drink cider . 
  although i am about to head off to a ` beer emporium ', 
  as a bristolian who dreams of our rugby team getting our shit together i found it very hard to upvote you due to your username . 
  you are joking right ? 
  the anti french stuff we love to say is all in good jest . 
  you are aware of what ` banter ' is , right ? 
  the genral view in the uk is although we love to hate the french we also love the french as they 're pretty much the same as us apart from being cheese eating , wine drinking , arrogant puffs - which is very similar to what we are . 
  there is absolutely noway ever in any circumstance that anti eu views in the uk have anything to do with our history with france . 
  im not too sure how they view compassionate . 
  it cant be by charitable givings because as a nation we 're ranked second to the us in overall charitable donations . 
  i think its just because of our reserve , it gives the impression that we dont care about things when really we do care , we care so much we dont want to bother you with our emotions . 
  im surprised that no one said we 're the most arrogant , we 're fucking arrogant - but i suppose we do have a damn good reason to be . 
  that at the current rate of economic growth greece is set to go nowhere whilst the uk is currently growing faster than any other country in the eu . 
  i think predicting what might happen to an economy over 16 years is ridiculous and that we should all take note that no one is saying the uk * will * be the largest . 
  this think tank is just noting that the uk 's economy is growing faster than all others in eu as of right now . 
  ridiculous predicting what any economy might be doing in 16 years . 
  i had a similar experience on a beach in india . 
  apart from a i got very lucky with a norwegian girl on that beach . 
  norway ; fuck its expensive . 
  16 years . 
  you had to write this in english . 
  we won long ago . 
  how about they test adults ? 
  seeing as kids are much more unlikely to be drunk . 
  largest military power , second largest economy , holds arguably the financial capital of the world which is also considered to be the most influential city in the world . 
  yeah mate , not at all important , it 's not like we 're currently speaking english on the world wide web or anything . 
  well by that argument should n't '' ` it 's nice to live there and i make good money '' be a reason to have a positive image of a country ? 
  well by that argument should n't '' ` it 's nice to live there and i make good money '' be a reason to have a positive image of a country ? 
  none of those things you listed have anything to do with the force for good argument though . 
  maybe yalta but thats still in the past . 
  how about romania contributes something to the eu other than human trafficking before its citizens think they have any point to make . 
  says the new guy . 
  to be honest though if the uk gets into a position like norway or switzerland you can still use the free movement . 
  quite confused why such a high polish contingent does n't think the uk is a force for good in the eu when ( i think im right in saying ) more of them emigrate to the uk than any other eu nation . 
   the city of london is the financial capital of europe . 
  quite a lot of people would argue its the financial capital of the world . 
  if all the brits in spain left spain 's economy would take a massive hit . 
  ** united kingdom ** our economy was reported to be recovering quite well , inflation is down . 
  we decided to be really bloody charitable and give more money than any other country to the philippines and then raised about the same amount of money again ( # 30million ) to give to a children 's charity event called children in need . 
  pretty good week aside from our governments defending of their decision to breach our privacy . 
  [ i think that this is the most accurate representation of us ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/609815-polandball ), 
  it all gets pretty complex http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_nationality_law, 
  actualy the current foreign born population of the uk is 11.9 % http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom even with this statistic most of those who are non european decent in the uk were actually born in the uk , this is due to mass migration to the uk from india/pakistan and the west indies post war . 
  immigrants . 
  always . 
  bless you . 
  * island see my point !, 
  cant even bloody spell, 
  or you could head to the west but dont only go to the capital cities .
