  the numbers have been rising pretty sharply the last couple of years ; [ more than 152,000 romanians registered for national insurance ( ni ) numbers in 2014/15 - a key indicator of immigration levels - compared with just 47,000 in 2013 . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11825412/foreign-worker-numbers-soar-as-romanians-registering-in-britain-triple-in-just-one-year.html ), 
  people tend to learn either french or german in school then those who do choose to try and learn another language tend to learn spanish . 
  i cant remember fuck all from my french in school but my spanish is by far my strongest foreign language despite not learning any in school, 
  eh , i thinks its more people think that romanians are aware that we 're really rude about them so they wonder why romanians want to come here in pretty high numbers . 
  kinda feel like we just send the sas/sbs off to wherever there is war just to keep them active . 
  i really dont like the idea of languages dying out and i suppose its only for sentimental reasons or something but i would like to see it continue like with other dying languages such as cornish and scots gaelic . 
  as for the video could and irish speaker explain to me why the older lady who speaks second in the video then comes back in around 3 mins sounds so different to the other speakers ? 
  now whining about not whining, 
  not fluent but conversational spanish . 
  my french is pretty poor , both my parents are fully fluent and are ashamed that im not . 
  then again my mum speaks 6 languages and my dad 3 so i dont think they 'll ever not be pissed off at my lack of languages skills . 
  ovbs . 
  americans are to blame for everything thats gone wrong with everyone elses lives . 
  in my experience in hanging out with young french travelers they make wayyyyyyyyyyyy less effort as compared to other europeans . 
  most other europeans want to speak english and almost show off their language skills . 
  french travelers act like its a massive chore to speak english even if they can . 
   but hopeless optimism and naivety such is our way of life, 
  sorry mate but this is / r/europe . 
  british people are actually worse than the nazis but are too uneducated to start a proper war if you didnt know . 
  also they 're the reason behind anything bad that may have happened in your life . 
  i wonder how bad it would have to get for her to admit it wasnt a good idea . 
  turns out those nazis were n't so nice . 
  as a foreigner you would have to pay a lot more than just # 9k . 
  when i went to uni about 6 years ago it was # 10 - # 15k a year for foreign students . 
  not sure what it is not but im pretty sure its gone up, 
  the way debt is handled in the us vastly different than in the uk , in the us you have to pay off your loan no matter what . 
  also in the us parents often help pay for their kids tuition , which does sometimes happen in the uk but not to the same extent . 
   people do n't get called called rascists just because they say is is a problem . 
  plenty of people are already on facebook going on about how we should care about muslims more and anyone who thinks islam has issues because of these attacks doesnt understand that muslims are the only victims here . 
  how fucking dare they . 
  so upset . 
  so angry . 
  sorry this has happened to you again france . 
  love you always . 
  can i get some facts proving the eu is currently in a worst position than the uk with its already collapsing economy ? 
  i remember getting into an argument in / r/uk with a scot who was annoyed at the bbc making so much stuff about england and not scotland when he thought scotlands pop was like 30 of the uk . 
  closer to 15 even, 
  again im from a city thats a million people ( in the greater area ) about 2.5 hours west of london that has very little immigration , like 95 + % white , very few immigrants bar spanish language exchange students . 
  it also voted way in for the eu like 70 % . 
  i couldnt imagine racist attack there , maybe in the poorest of the poor areas where anyone would attacked , i mean im anglo as it gets and i got my head kicked in for being from the north of the city when in the west . 
  eh , i suppose its hard to explain . 
  i basically live in a liberal city bubble , you live with 8 million other people in a metropolis and see everyone getting along fine you kinda just think that the whole country is cool . 
  bloody foreigners coming over here and telling us not to be ashamed . 
  you liked it there ? 
  the only person i know who studied there left after the first term due to it being a shit hole, 
  neither did i. i feel like i 've been living in a bubble all my life, 
  i see plenty of translated aticles from der speigel . 
  nah its all covered for , i think if its minor work then you pay a little bit but some of these need completely new teeth which would be covered . 
  i just think these older types dont want to bother . 
   the eu has really helped the peace process . 
  i think maybe is has helped a bit but the troubles started around the same time the uk joined the eu and went on for quite some time . 
  i dont know if being in the eu actually did * that * much for the relationship between the uk and the ira / pira, 
  i know its not . 
  im not freaking out . 
  im quite calm . 
  i was just curious to if you would worry if it was dying out . 
  what if dutch was disappearing as a language , would you care then ? 
  well that may be the case but i would . 
  and yeah i would have lessons and all but would still feel like an arse till i could at least hold a convo . 
  in reality though i would more than likely just move to canada / australia because if you 're gon na switch countries why not go super fay away, 
  i dunno if id say it was rising rapidly , london is still probably going up faster . 
  that or my mates in berlin dont complain nearly as much as my mates in london do about rent prices . 
  i would like to work and live in amsterdam but i feel that it would be super rude of me to just arrive not knowing the language . 
  i know you 're all good at english more so than people where live ( london ) but i do feel that not knowing dutch would be super bad of me . 
  i think that its highly likely this mother has lost all sense of reality when her daughter passed . 
  fair enough , the behaviour of many english fans is despicable and should be punished . 
  i wasnt shaming anyone . 
  i pointing out its not the first time solidarity hasnt been shown . 
  point was it wouldnt be the first time solidarity wasnt shown after a terrorist attack . 
  link . 
  im sure the thick of it could make a good series about it, 
  maybe less after the spanish pms comments yesterday, 
  doubt they will . 
  they will just stop rising . 
  it will be ages before there isnt massive demand for places in london, 
  thats great about what you want and all but it holds no ground in law . 
  everyone suffers if that is the case . 
  uncertainty causes markets to fail , us just hanging on will cause a mass uncertainty to the point we go broke . 
   yes , as long as he can justify that answer to the british he has , and then resigned . 
  he clearly stated that he has no intention of invoking article 50 and is leaving it to his successor . 
  the leave campaign dont want to actually leave until like 2020 or something , that was always their plan . 
  all the new leader has to do is say ` we wont be bullied by europe and will stick our plan and leave when we want to ' or whatever and the people will be happy with that . 
  there currently a theory going round that this resignation without invoking article 50 is actually a power play , boris is next in line to be pm and he knows that accepting the role of pm will be taking up a poisoned chalice . 
  boris does not want to be the man to invoke article 50 as then history can blame him for the uk failing outside the eu . 
  that literally the law as it stands . 
  im like 95 % sure we are going to unfortunately leave but lets say the unthinkable happens and our politicians turn around and say ` actually no ' then the eu cant actually do anything to retaliate because everything the uk has been doing has been internal . 
  a lot of people ( many irish ) dont really consider ireland as in the anglosphere, 
  its exciting in the same way as driving into head on traffic is exciting . 
  eh they were the loudest but i personally know a fair few socialists who voted out, 
  yes the only troops the romans used came from the city of rome . 
  everyone who lived under roman rule was actually from the city of rome . 
  your knowledge of history is outstanding . 
  yeah i think cameron is taking too much blame , he def does deserve some but corbyn is a eurosynic and he seemed to be happy to watch the leave vote gain traction . 
  the view in most of england for a good few years now has been that ni is a shit show that should have never happened . 
  so weird how the area of the uk that benefits most from being in the eu voted so strongly to leave . 
  what in the fuck were the remain campaign doing . 
  wales are overwhelmingly in favour of leaving . 
  who are now us . 
  and london and other cities like bristol and birmingham will be the opposite .
