after giving her xanax . 
  ouch, 
  unfortunately i see this tendency among a lot of european fans . 
   it is known that only high ranking caucasian play this superior sport . 
  i take you have never been to india or pakistan then ? 
  cricket is religion in those countries . 
  when india played pakistan in the cricket world cup , both countries put their armies on the highest alert level . 
  yes , get over it . 
  accept it , do n't forget , but move on with your lives . 
  no , no it is not . 
  the point of fan banners is to support your team and not to insult the opponent . 
   it 's about rememberance who are you trying to fool ? 
  this was clearly not done to remember and honour the loss of the cities , but to provoke . 
  yes , but this was 60 years ago . 
  get over it . 
  europe is so diverted historically and it does not make sense to hold any grief over the past . 
  we have to look forward and improve instead of look back and rage . 
  i 'm not even irish myself , so take this with a grain of salt ( although i live here for a long time ) . 
  first of all : the irish absolutely like the americans !, 
  but the whole pride thing is quite alien to us ( europeans as a whole ) . 
  also , ireland is n't small ( i know , i know , compared to us dimensions it is ) , so when americans automatically assume we know somebody on the other side of the country it seems a bit funny . 
  absolutely no irish ever said `` top of the morning to ya '' . 
  `` wow , you 're from dublin . 
  top of the morning to ya then !, 
  i am actually irish myself . 
  was visiting family over patty 's day a few years ago . 
  the murphy 's from belfast , you probably know them . 
  my family over there is catholic , but still 100 % irish '', 
  i was joking ... 
  you 're thinking of france . 
  sometimes they just deserve it . 
  german living in dublin reporting in . 
  the major difference that i have noticed is that british/irish people rarely drink responsibly throughout the week . 
  they usually drink to get locked . 
  this starts thursday/friday and ends with a big hangover on sunday morning . 
  in germany or poland for example , people drink throughout the week , but only to have a buzz and not to wake up on their own puke . 
  i can have 3 or 4 beers while watching a movie on a tuesday and maybe a bit more on the weekend . 
  also , opening hours are a big factor . 
  in germany the clubs are open until early morning , so people start drinking at 10pm and go home around 5 or 6am , while in ireland people start at 9pm and have to get locked by 1:30 am as most pubs/clubs close , so the time window is a lot shorter . 
  simple and stylish . 
  the perfect name for the 21st century . 
  oh god , i learned that the hard way . 
  had the worst paella of my life on la rambla . 
  i think you mean 1972 . 
  reminds me of the time my bosses boss came from the states and was totally surprised `` oh woooow , you guys have red bull in europe '' . 
  ca n't speak for the other brands but holy shit the quality of the clothes i bought from h&m was ridiculous . 
  t-shirts completely loose their form after two washes . 
  oh i get that the demographic change certainly causes trouble , but blaming the turks generally bc some of them behave like idiots wo n't bring us anywhere . 
  it also depends on the location . 
  if my encounter with germans would be limited to ballermann 6 , my opinion would n't be great either . 
  same goes for nightclubs that are frequented by a mainly turkish clientele ( tuerkenclubs ) . 
  we need an open discussion about how we want to handle immigration and it 's effects . 
  denying it does n't have any effects is as bad as stupid xenophobic chants . 
  large portions ... bullshit, 
   if you 're unemployed the employment agency can send you on a course for the unemployed and ta-dah , you 're not on the unemployed statistic anymore !, 
  they can also force you to slave labour for extra 9 $ per day and ta-dah you 're not on the unemployed statistic . 
  you have drug problems and no education ? 
  they 'll put you on courses and you 're not unemployed !, 
  same in germany actually . 
  there is a lot of doubt that those figures reflect the real world . 
  maybe the big difference in your example between germany and japan is that germany actually learned from its mistakes and tried hard to become a better country . 
   bottom line is the greeks have been upset about reparations and the looting of their country the whole time . 
  actually , no . 
  there have been multiple contracts over the last 60 years that sorted reparations and no one in greece had any problem with it until recently . 
  now , they suddenly pull the `` but mah reparations '' - card and think anyone in the eu gives a shit about it . 
  they own money to the emf and imf , not to germany . 
  the only thing that did n't pop up over night is the complete failure of managing a state , the peoples view on paying taxes and the widespread nepotism . 
  greece lived over it 's budget for the past 2 decades and now gets the bill . 
  the have no real industry to speak of apart from tourism and some weird tax haven for shipbuilders . 
  because pakistan has nukes . 
   they should n't be , in my humble opinion . 
  so , what should happen to those polish citizens ? 
  redact their citizenship ? 
  well , after what time ? 
  in that case they would be stateless . 
  and to get back to the voting . 
  who should be entitled to vote . 
  only polish citizens ? 
  or everybody who pays taxes in poland ? 
  what about poles who live in poland but commute to germany ? 
  should they be allowed ? 
  and germans who have their main residence in germany but work in , lets say szczecin ? 
  should they be allowed ? 
  brain drain is a huge challenge , but the wages in the private sector have caught up a lot over the recent years . 
  the big problem is the public sector . 
  i ca n't see any policy in kaczynski 's government that realistically addresses this , apart from empty phrases like `` we need to pay fair pensions to our elder folks '' and `` we need to pay ur teachers more '' . 
  he has not made any real suggestions how he wants to finance this . 
  his recent actions certainly do not help to attract foreign capital into the country . 
  poland has benefited enormously from eu investments but many poles still have this weird sense of national pride about poland should be able to achieve everything on its own . 
  have you recently driven from krakov to rzeszow ? 
  guess who paid for the new a4 . 
  well they are polish citizens , the same way you are one . 
  they just work in a different country . 
  poland benefits enormously from its emigrants as a lot of them either send money home or safe up until they can afford a property in poland and go back . 
  the tax of those purchases benefits the polish state directly . 
  what would you want ? 
  reduct citizenship for those who live abroad ? 
  limit their ability to vote ? 
  if the answer is yes to any of those questions , you should really read up on international law and the principles of a democracy . 
   indeed .
