  i guess science could somewhat shake it up , but for normal life this holds . 
   the child has the right to its genetic make up but also the father 's wallet ? 
  does n't seem fair . 
  so the child does n't have right to be raised but its real father ? 
   you also do n't get to read your wife private communication , unless she decides to let you do so . 
  you could argue that that means that she gets to decide whether you know if she has an affair or not . 
  wife 's private communication is only hers . 
  the child is also mine and i have some responsibilities because of it . 
  big difference . 
   exactly . 
  the child has the right to genetic privacy . 
  just because you feed it and raise it does n't give you all the rights in the world , does it ? 
  so the child has right to `` fathers '' money without any proof , but the father ca n't see if it is actually his child ? 
  april fools v2 .0 ? 
  because that sidebar at the left part ca n't be serious . 
   the spanking may be painful not really , unless you 're an asshole . 
   czech president is as anti-pc as it gets and everybody hates him for it ... first , it is not really about being anti pc , but about spewing bullshit . 
  i mean saying we should learn from chine how to stabilise society is not anti-pc , it is just retarded . 
  second , not everybody hates him for it , some like him for talking `` like common man '' as they say . 
   if someone is hurt by something , just do n't do it . 
  i am offended but you posting on reddit . 
  please stop posting immediately . 
  ca n't you just , you know , not open the door ? 
  it is not mandatory tradition ... 
   funny how everyone in this thread loves this , i can imagine how different everyone 's opinion would be if this was an arabic tradition . 
  there is difference between optional tradition and stoning women deemed to be `` immoral '' . 
  well i 'm sure isis is scared now . 
  wind tubines are too unstable and can only be used as supplement power source , fusion reactor would theoretically be constant power production . 
  but getting that energy is pretty hard . 
  solar panels are produce quite a bit of pollution during manufacture and are expensive for what they provide . 
  when i was talking about shitty opinion , i was talking about :  all black people are less worthy and less human than white people and asians and therefor should be treated as lesser humans sorry for confusion . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not saying you should be punished for your opinion ... 
   and even with all these anti-fascist measures , you still get quasi-fascist regimes like hungary , poland , slovakia , and denmark , not to mention belarus . 
  i hope you are just trolling . 
   is it ok to treat someone unfairly or unjust because they have another skin colour but not ok to physically harm them because of it ? 
  yes , it should be legal to treat someone unfairly because of their skin , political ideology , religion , weight of whatever reason you want . 
  as long as you do n't hurt them physically or steal their property or infringe their rights in some other way . 
   i interpret racism as , `` all black people are less worthy and less human than white people and asians and therefor should be treated as lesser humans '' for example . 
  that is an opinion . 
  a shitty opinion , but opinion nonetheless . 
  you ca n't punish people for opinion just because you think they are wrong . 
  easy to fix , simply educate those intolerant children about their white privilege . 
  austerity , by its nature , means you only spend money you have instead of making future generations go in debt . 
  i disagree , russian does n't sound very soft to me , certainly not softer than slovakian . 
  the difference is definitely smaller than german and english , but bigger than american and british english . 
  they have some differences that sound like different dialect ( e.g. 
  different word endings ) and those are no problem after getting used to it . 
  than there are some words that are completely different , and those can cause problems . 
  but we can still understand each other . 
  also this is subjective , but i feel slovakian sounds softer than czech . 
  i 'm confused , so does he lose his voting rights ? 
   oh he 's an asshole , alright . 
  but he ai n't wrong on this one . 
  yea , for example we are hoping to invade slovakia for some time now . 
  eu regulations are the only think preventing us from going in war with them . 
   holy shit , this sounds like every soviet republic or soviet satellite state ever, 
  yea , because any country would be happy to allow turkish army permanently stationed on their sovereign country . 
  the annan plan were treating cyprus as some kind of turkish colony instead of independent state . 
  i mean for fucks sake , it meant that greek cypriots would n't have freedom of movement in their own fucking country . 
  they could move more easily to other shengen countries than their own . 
   the greek cypriots would not have been allowed to make up more than 6 % of the population in any single village in the turkish controlled areas in the north thus they would have been prevented from setting up their own schools for their children and would not have even been able to give birth once this quota was reached . 
  turkey forcibly ethnically cleansed northern part of cyprus and than imported their own settlers , which is against the geneva conventions , and they had the nerve to disallow greek cypriots to move within their own country based on ethnicity . 
  how is this acceptable for you ? 
  how can anyone consider turkey for eu membership is beyond me . 
  but if you want to be turkey 's colony , feel free to give your own independence to turkey . 
  i 'm sure your fellow bulgarians would be happy with that deal . 
   i do not think you oppose the fact that this is a european problem . 
  certainly not my country 's problem . 
   hungary has a population of 10 million , which is less than 1 % ? 
  is hungary 's cultural and religious identity so weak that fears a change of less than 1 % ? 
  why ca n't you accept only 2300 people ? 
  it makes no difference . 
  see , the numbers of refugees increased dramatically , but you already agreed to quotas so take your 10k refugees , its like nothing to your country . 
  what ? 
  you do n't want to take your fair share of 50k refugees ? 
  but you already agreed , do you want to get sued ? 
  you just pulled that out of your ass . 
  even 0,0001 % is 0,0001 % too much . 
  this should be decided by countries , not from brussels . 
  face abuse by whom ? 
  the tolerant and peaceful refugees we are suppose to accept ? 
  czechs do n't generally care about eu , only hearing about it from media when eu does something bad . 
  the ( in my opinion ) horrible quotas certainly did n't help the image of the eu . 
  or czech-out ? 
  god forbid criminals get punished . 
  we must change them with love and tolerance . 
   yes , you can : by not buying them . 
  that does n't force them to lower their prices . 
   but they should very definitely slap down those who abuse it . 
  as said : the letter and spirit of those treaties is to prevent people paying taxes twice . 
  not to prevent them paying taxes altogether . 
  but they do pay their taxes , in luxemburg . 
   no , you do n't : if you are n't at all active in that country , you do n't use any public services and you do n't pay taxes . 
  if you 're active in that country , you 're using all sorts of public services and the state certainly has the right to charge you for those , at the price it deems fit . 
  just like apple and their idevices . 
  you do n't like the price ? 
  you 're free to leave , it is n't as if multinationals did n't do that all the time . 
  but they do pay their taxes from their profit . 
  profit made in that country .
