  turkey - the point is they are not fleeing from any war in turkey , yet the main narrative of the media is that if we do n't accept refuges from turkey , they are gon na die in a war despite beign pretty much safe there . 
  morocco - i wasnt comparing theri landmass , but the fact that it is a safe country . 
  few terrorist attacks do n't change that , otherwise there would be neraly no safe country . 
  egypt - they may face the same kind of terrorist attack in europe ( madrid bombing , charlie hedbo and many others ) tunisia - see egypt + morocco, 
  turkey - tukey is a big country , they would have to be very close to border to be in danger moroco - so a terrorist attack form 2011 is reason why it is not safe ? 
  so i guess france is not safe either with charlie hebdo attack . 
  egypt - again that is not war , madrid bombing in sapin killed 191 people and we are not taking refugees froms pain . 
  tunisia - again terrorist attack , not war . 
  and victims were mostly european turists anyway . 
  libya - the only country you mentioned that is legitimatly in war . 
  so they are save in turkey ? 
  or are they runnignaway from war in turkey ? 
  syrian civil war is in turkey ? 
  til . 
  i always though it was in syria . 
  those `` asylum seekers '' usually come trough turkey or north africa . 
  tell me again , what war is currently in turkey or morroco ? 
  i was actually joking , but he just a n't help but push his agenda . 
  inb4 this gets deleted for `` bad quality '' by a certain mod . 
  but same can be said about people from zimbabwe , liberia or niger , those people are extremaly poor and probably also want to work in western country , it is probabyl also their human need . 
  but we ca n't take everyone , and we often hear emotional stories how syrian refugees are in danger and thats why we have to help them , not because they want good economical situation . 
  but sysrians in turkey are probably safer than nigerians in niger . 
  no , not bigoted , just `` poor quality '' , and therefore a certain mod would have to delete it to save its userbase from horrors of poor quality videos . 
  is this some kind of satirical subreddit making fun of tumblr by accusing everyone of russophobia ? 
  i have decided you must pay me your money . 
  if you think you should decide about your own money yourself you are evil and should have your money stolen . 
  i do n't care what slaves get , we are talking about ** voluntary ** internship . 
  it is not free , the experience they get also has value . 
  plus what value soemthing has is subjective , i do n't see why redditors should decide a value for someone they do n't even personally know . 
  so you are saying that working for them does n't have any value ? 
  you created value for the company , but you also got value in real work experience . 
  why ? 
  why would they have to pay , if someone is willing to do it for free ? 
  the company agrees to give expirience to internt and intern agrees to work there . 
  i do n't see why you should dictate what should those two parties do . 
  yes, 
  again , just because you are interested in something doens ' t mean you are owed money . 
  in our country for example , there are too many teachers , more than we need . 
  should we just pay them money because they are interested in teaching , despite not having enough job positions for them ? 
  you should choose a job that can earn you what you want . 
  if you choose something that interests you , you have to face the disadvantages of that choice too . 
  1 ) un is not bound by usa laws 2 ) you still belive that simply by graduating you are owed money . 
  you are not . 
  if you are not getting good job offers , than maybe you have chosen carrer that is already oversaturated with workers , and therefore have a lot of competition . 
  choose less prestisious profession than . 
  someone does n't deserve money just because he studied certain profession . 
  they get money only if someone is willing to pay for their work . 
  good thing internship is voluntary . 
  that sounds discriminatory againts smaller groups . 
  and are you gon na have new option everytime someone complains about food ? 
  that sounds unsustainable . 
  if i move stones back and forth i am undoubtfully working , that does n't mean i deserve getting paid . 
  so they should be given money just because they chose a career ? 
  not everyone can work their dream career . 
  he could easily pick a career where there is no internship required . 
  clearly he chose very presticious job if it requires internship , this is the drawback . 
  but turkeys occupation fo cyprus is ok ? 
  if we boycot isreal we should definetally boycot turkey too . 
  he did n't say it is thesame thing , he just said that school should n't make any exceptions be it food or evolution . 
  but what if someone for example hates tomatoes ? 
  should he be discriminated just because his food is not called dirty by some ancient book ? 
  believes are not objectively measurable . 
  if anything it is discriminating to make exceptions for muslims but not for kids who do n't like tomatos for example . 
  well that only proves tha the internship has non-monetary value . 
  if it is so valuable , i do n't see why they should laso pay money . 
  i mean he clearly wants to work at very sought after position . 
  others would probably love to work there too , but he is gon na have an advantage thanks to his internship . 
  there is no explotation , this is good for both sides . 
  i though it was clear , but just the fact that you though i could be serious is quite scary . 
  that is not very tolerant title op . 
  well good thing internship is voluntary . 
  i wonder if the attacker was from religion of peace, 
  i wonder if the attackers religion is religion of peace . 
   in a 2014 european court of human rights decision , which nordic state was allowed to discriminate against a transgender woman by annulling her marriage ? 
  they could ' t think of a more sensationalist and lying question ? 
  finland at that time did n't have same sex marriage , only civil union . 
  so when he changed to her , and wanted offcial document to have her a female . 
  now since they would became same sex couple , they would logically have to change their marriage to civil union . 
  they refused civil union and stayed married , so there was no forced annullment as the question suggests . 
  which is imho wrong , occupation of cyprus should be the main reason agaits ascension . 
  some of them , but alot of them were imported from turkey so turkey can claim to `` protect their citizens abroad '' . 
  yes it did . 
  in the video they talk about their suport for gay people . 
  they do not talk about immigration or multiculturalism . 
  their intentions are irrelevant , their actions supported gays . 
  hitler supported animal rights and conservation . 
  does that mean it was bad just because hitler supported it ? 
  oh no , god forbid someone i do n't agree with supports good thing, 
  how exactly wee they trying to start a conflict ? 
  by walking through muslim areas ? 
  so pride parades should n't be allowed in muslim areas ? 
  well matrisylva said immigrants . 
  but it doens6t change anything , still nothign wrong with it . 
  there is still nothing wrong with it . 
  are you saying that homosexual rights end where immigrant feels begin ? 
  if they want to do pride parade it does n't matter if it is in city center , chursh or muslim neighborhood , homosexuals should have same rights everywhere . 
  so supporting equality or gays is is now provocation ? 
  i mean even if they were againts lgbt in their hearts , their actions are more important than their intentions . 
  they are trying to pain immigrants in bad light as much as lgb communities int the west are trying to paint conservative christians in bad light . 
  oh no , they are trying to provoke homophobes into being more tolerant .
