wait you actually think rich people just sit on big pile of cash uncle scrooge style ? 
  lol , most of them actually invest . 
  and why are you ignoring my economic concerns ? 
  are you actually saying that people with basic income would work as much as they do now ? 
  if yes , you are delusional . 
  sure you may know some crafts people who love their job but they would be in minority . 
  and do you really think that heavy taxes ( i assume thats how you would get the money ) would n't hurt the economy ? 
  or are ou just purposefully ignoring it ? 
  would n't that deform the market ? 
  if people got enough basic income to live a decent life , who would for example work in fast food ? 
  would i lose my hamburgers ? 
  i like hamburgers ... on a more serious note , if people got basic income people would either not work or work more in `` creative '' or `` fun '' jobs but i think they would n't actually create products as thats usually not much fun . 
  but that would seriously hurt the economy . 
  and to even get the money , you would have to heavily tax the rich , who create jobs in the first place , they would be discouraged and leave , destroying economy even further . 
  so he admits he tortued people , yet he is free to walk among other citizens ? 
  i sure wonder why extremist parties are on the rise ... 
  but true, 
  we had something similar , communist regine also stole property of the `` burgeoise '' pigs for the good of the people \u2122 . 
  i sure hope our politicians still remeber it and wo n't try something similar . 
  really i though when the berlin wall fell , the east had to adapt to free world in the west , not the other way around, 
  ministry of truth decides what rent they get . 
   its in essence just a trade union . 
  which is the perfect option imho . 
  well czech republic is not 1 person . 
  sure some people emigrated , and i could see how them refusing immigrants would be hypocritical , but the czechs who are anti-immigration are the ones who stayed in czech republic . 
   i never said it was okay . 
  i am for everyone to have the freedom to wear whatever they like , be it a niqab , hijab or mini-skirts . 
  are you ? 
  yes , as long as it does n't interfere with their job or something like that . 
   if you 've read the comments in this thread by finns , that actually understand the article because it 's in finnish , you 'd see that the `` regulation '' or advice did not stem from the refugee camp , it stemmed from school administrators and staff . 
  i never claimed it stemmed from refugees , i was just trying to show that if it were reversed , it would be considered xenophobic . 
  i was just trying to show that if the roles were reversed everyone would see it as xenophobic , but just because it is againts whites it is somehow okay . 
  i advise muslim women to not wear hijab/niqab to not offend european citizens . 
  oh wait , i ca n't , that would be suddenly xenophobic ... 
   in other words only kurds should stay the rest can go . 
  do n't think we do n't see what you 're doing pyd ... of course you do , you have experience in [ enthinc displacement ] ( http://www.cyprus-dispute.org/materials/echr/page9.html ) , except you did it forcefully . 
   turk talking shit well at least they are not forcefully displacing them and reimporting their own settlers like [ certain assholes ] ( http://www.cyprus-dispute.org/materials/echr/page9.html ), 
  yay , more deadlocks because of vetos !, 
  but than again , unsc is a joke , any strong enough country just ignores it ( usa , russia ... ), 
  well those people seemed too religious for my tastes , but this video is interesting for different reason . 
  one of the woman said she does n't even have food for her child , while the `` poor refugees '' in hungary can be seen throwing food provided by hungary on the ground and on the rails . 
  we should be increasing money sent to people in syria and around , not wasting mney for ungarteful immigrants . 
  if they can afford to throw away food , they do n't need help as much as people in syria and in camps in neighboring countries . 
  czech republic does send money to refugees . 
  i tried to found how much for you and found [ this ] ( https://fts.unocha.org/reports/daily/ocha_r24_e16520___1509181636.pdf ) . 
  remember that we have very small gdp , france for example has 13 the gdp we have . 
  oh god , even british food is xenophobic now . 
  to be fair even in czech the winning party gets more seats from the parties that did n't apss the 5 % limit thaks to [ d'hondt method ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d'hondt_method ), 
  are you implying that the reporter did not actually buy syrian id ? 
  do you have any proof or at least good reason to believe they are lying ? 
   how do we want to get remembered , as xenophobic rich cowards behind fences ? 
  i nearly mistook this propaganda for factual video . 
  i 'm not gon na takes seriously video that generalize and calls everyone who is anti-immigration as xenophobic . 
  not everyone here is rich either we have many poor people who ca n't even afford the smartphone . 
  and there is a article on dailymail where a reporter gets syrian id for $ 2000 and also tells us that isis fighters are using fake syrian ids to get to europe . 
  but hey , only a coward would be afraid of isis right ? 
   i wish i could say there was a perfect solution , but there is n't . 
  there is . 
  death penalty for murderers is guaranteed 0 % recidivism and costs less taxpayers money, 
   it would be a hateful and spiteful move . 
  not necessarily , spain might just veto them to scare other teritories from declaring independence . 
  it migth be simply utilitarian rather then hateful . 
  yes , as i said i think they should have the right to be independent . 
  but spain does n't want to give independence , that is fact . 
  and when we joined eu we agreed to only allow new members that are unanimously accepted . 
  therefore spain has full right to deny any state membership of eu , just like any other eu member . 
  all i 'm saying that if catalonians secede from spain , they will become new state and spain might block their eu membership , and they should take it into consideration . 
  they should be realistic , not idealistic . 
  i though i was clear , im saying that the article ( and amny others ) is propagandisticly using picture of woman wiht child while that does n't reflect the reality of most refugees being young men . 
  that does n't make the picture any more representative . 
  most who come are young males , nearly every picture is of a female or child . 
  again , picture of poor woman with child . 
  reality - majority are young men . 
  this is gon na get deleted fast , anti-immigration posts are not allowed . 
  no stop , you will summon dclauzel and he will delete half the posts . 
  no , it would only be proof that spain does n't want to give independence . 
   if the nazi 's had asked if they were cool to annex poland before they did it , how cool would that have been ? 
  when hitler asked for czechoslovakia the west gladly complied , so not much better . 
  do catalns want to reapply for eu membership after independence ? 
  because while i support their right to be independent , at the same right i believe spain has every right to veto catalan membership in eu . 
  so catalans should consider if it is worth it . 
   mobiles are receivers of satellite signal , not transmitters . 
  yea i know how normally gps works , i was wondering how `` search & rescue '' would work . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.sarsat.noaa.gov/cospas_sarsat.html ) says that '' * when an emergency beacon is activated , the signal is received by a satellite and relayed to the nearest available ground station * '' which means that sattelites do indeed recieve signal from earth . 
  my question was wheter mobile phones will have strong enough signal to reach the sattelites . 
  was mecca moved to europe already ? 
   galileo and gps-iii will have search and rescue capabilities so no longer will people need a separate personal locator beacon , they ( should be ) able to initiate a distress call from anywhere in the world from their mobile phone . 
  as someone who hikes on their own this will be a very cool feature for me . 
  could you leaborate how would this work ? 
  can a mobile phone create strong enough signal to be picked up by sattelites ? 
  because it sounds unlikely given how close the cell tower must be to have a signal . 
   that assumes no it does n't, 
   even better !, 
  what about the values of enlightenment ( which is actually what europe is founded upon ) ? 
  i did n't say i subscribe to that ideology . 
  i said i am atheist , meaning i do n't believe in god , that is all . 
    illegally crossing border is a crime . 
   and a tautology is a tautology  i was just saying that if they casue crime they should n't be suprised to be detained . 
   another sign of the czechs ' insensitivity : they had been detaining asylum-seekers in prison-like facilities until they filed for political asylum , as well as writing identification numbers in indelible marker on their forearms , a practice so reminiscent of nazi concentration camps -- in which many czechs suffered -- that prague has since abandoned it . 
  poor refugees had to suffer the unimaginable pain of having ink on skin for organizational purposes !,
