  i do n't see why uk should care . 
   medieval [ i mean come on !, 
  it 's 2016 !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chronological_snobbery ), 
  fire a warning shot . 
  they will not risk their lives if they see you have a gun . 
  if they are , for some reason , too stupid to still attempt to attack you , you should be allowed to shoot them . 
  why would you get arrested for warning shot , if you were trying to protect assaulted woman ? 
  none is suggesting blindly shooting into the crowd . 
  you could fire a warning shot , i would guess most people do n't want to get shot and would stop . 
  or you could , you know , aim . 
  self-defence ! = murder . 
   living in constant fear of getting shot is indeed awesome . 
  [ yea , living in france must be tough . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03156/terror-attack-on-c_3156886c.jpg ), 
  citizens should be able to defend themselves . 
  the police wo n't be there in the seconds . 
  juts because some people might abuse weapons to attack instead of defend is not a reason to make your citizens defenceless . 
  [ i think it is a micro state bordering switzerland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liechtenstein ), 
  why do chinese want spain to annex portugal ? 
  are they still butthurt about macau ? 
  to be fair , the communist regime murdered more chinese than japanese ever could . 
   `` why does n't annex portugal ? '', 
  not everywhere is tibet , china !, 
  if all you have is a hammer , everything looks like a nail, 
   sweden - imports trash  italy - so weak  france - so many black people  bulgaria - milk-induced longevity my sides . 
   second biggest export is salt they can never beat argentina in salt export, 
  kids have to listen to their parents , adults can make their own decisions . 
  czechoslovakia got divided into czech republic and slovakia on 1st january 1993 . 
  note to self : do not watch danish porn . 
  that should n't by decided by the government , some workers might enjoy the extra cash , and the shop owners should have the freedom to decide their opening times . 
  brussels has genius idea . 
  first give land to gain trust , then anschlu\u00df into european federation . 
  so is czech republic west now ? 
  ha , take that slovakia . 
   if you wanted to call out direct democracy , mention instead the immigration referendum of last february which has jeopardised our relations with the eu . 
  if the citizens want it , there is nothing wrong with it . 
  certainly better than ignoring the will of the people . 
  reminds me of putin diving for amphorae , hunting wild animals and releasing white leopards . 
  i really hate zeman , but i think this is overreaction . 
  president has no power in our country , i would n't listen to him , let alone call back ambassador because of him . 
  he is irrelevant . 
  `` oh no , some people are saying the truth , what fucktards . '', 
  anti-immigration politics is not xenophobia . 
  that would suggest it is irrational , but recognizing problems that come with immigration is rational . 
  that si ridiculous . 
  first its none of their bussiness , and second , they do n't check for other unhealthy signs , like being obese , or hell even smoking . 
  if someone required fat people to have proof from doctor they are not obese , he would be crucified . 
  not anymore than deutche telekom, 
  hopefully redirect them to official border crossings . 
  very oppressive facts , i wonder how long till it is removed . 
  while i agree this should not be criminal offence and should be protected by free speech , i must only laugh at this claim . 
  of course there are native french people . 
  none would say that there were not native americans . 
  is it really useful ? 
  i mean poland will not be able to actually control the nukes , right ? 
  they will just sit there under usa control . 
  and poland is already protected by nato , i do n't think the nukes are gon na help in that regard , if anything it will be a target . 
  or is it more of a symbolic gesture ? 
   if you want to live in a country with a low tax rate you can move to somalia or saudi arabia . 
  or switzerland , usa , japan or uk . 
  you know , the most fascist countries in the world . 
  if the same worked for britons not getting benefits for 4 years in other countries i have no problem with it . 
   i am sure he does n't even know who is tom bombadil . 
  good , it is a bad character . 
  literally zero effect on the plot , immune to the ring , yet he ca n't take it and protect it . 
  * `` lol he would forget it and lose it or something , yea that works '' * . 
  i like the lord of the rings , but some parts are too fairy tale-ish . 
  i was saying that just because someone bad supports something , it is n't automatically bad . 
  it might still be bad , but saying that it is bad just because isis would support it is shitty argument . 
  hitler was supporter of animal rights . 
  if you support animal rights , hitler would like to thank you for your cooperation , if he were alive . 
  i guess profitable is n't the best word , i meant worth it . 
  different people have different priorities . 
  we should be one to deice if it is profitable . 
  i wish we could just have referendum on staying in eu . 
  if majority want it i can live with it , but at least to me it seems most people would rather leave eu that agree to this , but our goverment wo n't give us chance to choose . 
   taking away all food from people leaving them starving  not murder you 're not even trying , come on . 
  ukrainians are n't russians , even though putin might belive otherwise . 
  can russian anexation of criema be considered war act ? 
  i do n't see why not . 
  i think uber should be bound by the same regulation as taxi drivers , otherwise taxi drivers would have unfair market disadvantage . 
  whether this is achieved by making stricter regulation for uber or loosening regulation for taxi drivers does n't matter , but they should have the same regulation, 
  wierd , i do n't remember gypsies doing terrorist attacks . 
  no 1st generation o fimigrants -  no 2nd/3rd, 
  do not let first generation in and you wo n't have problem with 2nd/3rd generation . 
  back to shitposting, 
  the terrorist are often second generation muslims . 
  if you do n't allow first generation muslims , you wa n't have these problems . 
  basic math . 
  i ca n't see turkey becoming memebr of eu as long as it occupies cyprus . 
  the video should probably center on poland , it looks weird when i can abrely see what happes on one side of poland yet there is more than enough of space on the other side, 
  that 's horrible news . 
  hopefully this discuission does n't turn into political shit-flinging . 
  but when eu forces mandatory quotas its democracy . 
  how convinient . 
  they come illegally . 
  and before someone brings unhrc refugee convention :  the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , ** coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened ** in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  fellow refugees should be sent back then .
