  it doesnt really hurt anyone and they have freedom to do it , therefore nothing wrong with it . 
  and no , just because gays and women cant lookt at a men does n't mean they are getting hurt . 
  here i have to disagree , their freedom does mean it is an ok thing to do . 
  im not silencing him . 
  he raised a question and i answered . 
  and i am free to critize his criticizing . 
  that was brave considering muslim terrorist do n't usually care if they kill other muslims . 
  czech republic does not approve of our germanic neighbor kinks ( except for prague ), 
  because it is as far as i know it is a private company and it can do whatever it wants , it is called freedom . 
  yea but theres still the cyprus occupation ... we ca n't have a member that occupies another members teritory . 
  but turkey probably does n't even want to join . 
  but we are not united states of europe , every country should get there on their own . 
  if eu forces this onto its members againts their will , they will only get pushed to right wing anti-eu parties . 
  i always hear politicians wondering why is the far right rising , well this is the answer . 
  well to be fair germany does n't really stand for freedom either . 
  ( freedom of speech , gun laws etc. . . ), 
  that muslims are held to lower standards in this subreddit . 
  40 % of religous muslims in germany are still againts gay marriage . 
  if 40 % of germans were againts muslims , they would be labeled xenophobes . 
  but each country would have to approve of the referendum anyway , so whats the point . 
  unless you what to turn eu into ussr style dictatorship . 
  really ? 
  if 60 % of germans approved of muslims , would that be great too ? 
  yea , because stupid opinions should be banned . 
  it was n't mistake . 
  none puts \u00e9 instead of e accidentally . 
  and just because language is official language of eu or europe , does n't mean it is suitable for this subreddit . 
  if everyone spoke their native language we would ' t understand each other . 
  i did n't say it forced me to ** learn ** . 
  it is just annoying . 
  we use english in this subreddit so everyone can understand . 
  usign m\u00e9gathread is simply uncaleed for . 
  sure it is still understandable , but \u00edf sta\u0159ted to p\u00fct wrong diacritics on wor\u010fs , people would get ann\u00f3yed . 
  nothing wrong with making mistakes , but he is doing it on purpose . 
  and no , i 'm not francophobe , i 'm sure french is beautiful language . 
  this is just a gag reflex , he is forcing french down my throat and im simply starting to vomit . 
  it is just natural . 
  if he was forcing german i would get sick of that instead . 
  oh no , someone did n't want to end disscussion and wanted to continue debating !, 
  i must be a total jerk and exaggerate what he said . 
  cpaslock on , am i funny now !!!!!!? 
  it is not about getting the word fixed , its more about mods putting french words into freaking stickies even though most peole here do n't speak french . 
  this is just a gag reflex , he is trying to force french into out throats and some of us are just getting sick of it . 
  i could take all his bilingual comments , but post titles , and especially stickies , should be in english so everyone can read it . 
  this is especially bad bacuse he is a mod and he deleted all other threads so he can force his stupid language onto us . 
  i highly doubt that , because he also wrote `` m\u00e9gathread '' . 
  i think it is obvious he is trying to force french into our throats for some reason . 
  thanks for pointing it out , i fixed it . 
  but still the difference is i just made mistake , he did it on purpose . 
  oh did n't know that , my mistake . 
  well if it was just mistake it is easy to fix . 
  and this word is no longer used in english . 
  it is like if i started speaking old english . 
  technically i would still be speaking english , but noone would understand me . 
  edit : fixed some spelling, 
  end of story ? 
  if it was honest mistake why not fix it . 
   obs , obsolete  no longer in use , and no longer likely to be understood . 
  obsolete is a stronger term than archaic , and a much stronger term than dated . 
  rather was english . 
  maybe it was english , but it is no longer used . 
  my point is that we should be able to understand that , and it should be in modern english . 
  or are you saying that if i started writing in old english mods would ' t remove my posts ? 
  do you ? 
  do n't americans also have european acestry ? 
  in not gon na feel sympathy for them , they should have known the risks . 
  i do n't feel sympathy for heavy smokers who get lung cancer either ... 
  of course , i guess we do n't understand each other . 
  when shifty said `` batshit crazy '' i understand it like beign violent . 
  if they just got angry that is not really batshit crazy . 
  sorry but i really do n't remember any xenophobic rhetorics againts vitenamese . 
  as for iv\u010crn , i do n't see them as xenophobic . 
  islam contains ethical and moral values and it is ok to judge these values . 
  and if they do n't want these values in czech republic , they can freely express their opinions . 
  and just because germany does n't have freedom of speech does n't mean we do n't, 
  english is enough * [ je depli mblue . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqwzvtjeybq ) *, 
  i do n't see why are you asrcastic . 
  clearly if theycannot accept freedom of speech , they should not live here . 
   all warsaw pact countries are very xenophobic nothing like good old stereotypes . 
  in czech republic we have sizeable vietnamese minority and we have no problems with them . 
  just because we do n't want forced quotas does n't mean we are xenophobic . 
  turkey is still occupying cyprus in 2015 . 
  not greece , but close . 
  i would n't feel safe either . 
  do they live in palestine ? 
  no thy live in germany and should learn german history . 
  wheter they learn palestine history is different question , and while it is definetaly worth learning it , it is in no way the same situation . 
  that is a shame . 
  i do n't see the harm as long as you paid for it and do n't share it . 
  well i 'm sure people killed by conventional weapons sure enjoy dying with dignity . 
  i do n't know , british people seem fine to me . 
  i kind of hope he was drunk ... 
  must be easy spedning money earned by other people . 
  you do realize that state does n't just magically create money ( most of the time ) ? 
  they would have to gather the money from other people often other parents making the problem worse . 
  or increase debt . 
  yes , we win !, 
  finally a chart other than beer drinking where we are first . 
  well correct answer would be that sun or earth revolve around each other , or that sun and earth revolve around common center of gravity , which is significatly closer to suns , but not completaly .
