  but than again it really depends on frame of reference . 
  sorry but thats sounds exactly like russian propaganda . 
   the us used the bomb on civilians and then began to encircle the ussr with them , placing them in turkey , in europe and flying nuclear-armed bombers over russian airspace . 
  the russians have also put nukes in other countires , for example ukraine . 
   dragged their feet while the soviets won the war what ? 
  the allies liberated half the europe . 
  you are also forgetting that stalin allied with hitler and attacked poland and finland before hitler attack russia . 
   the us , and churchill and the british before them , made no secret of their desire to destroy the ussr the russians took over other countries goverments and took away freedom of citizens in these countries . 
  they murdered opposition , they censored information , they even starved huge ukrainian population comparable to holocaust . 
  what exactly were the allies supposed to do ? 
  let ussr murder people just so they do n't look aggresive ? 
  should they let ussr enslave other countries just because they are in russian sphere of influence ? 
  you make it look like ussr was some kind of volutary club , but it was russians oppresing smaller countries . 
  we did n't get a choice to step out of ussr , so yes , west wanted to destroy ussr , and rightly so . 
  not saying it makes it okay , i 'm just trying to say that the nuke is n't the ultimate evil literally the worst thing that can happen device . 
  japan killed civillians even without nukes . 
  the nukes did n't even kill the most civilians in this war . 
  all i 'm saying that during wars civilians will get killed nukes or no nukes , nukes just makes conventional war less likely to happen . 
  you are overly dramatic with nukes . 
  sure they can kill a lot of people , but gues what , bullets can too . 
  or gas . 
  or bombs . 
  how is being killed by conventional weapons any better ? 
  yes usa used the bomb on civilians , but thats war . 
  the japanese killed [ a lot of civilians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_war_crimes ) too , just not with nuclear weapons . 
  and you are also exaggerating the civilian causualities . 
  during one fire bombing of tokyo , more civilians died then because of the atomic bomb . 
  i 'm not even gon na react to your `` poor ussr beign victim '' bullshit , it clear that you are russian shill . 
  anyway to answer op , i do n't think they should give them up . 
  nuclear weapons prevent conventional war between those nuclear countires because even the most warmongering leader will realize that nuclear war would be huge game over for their country . 
  but than again , im not citizen of those countries so it 's up to them . 
  english already has `` it '' , or `` they '' . 
  czech has also neutral pronoun `` to '' . 
  german i blelive has `` das '' . 
  do n't know about others but i assume they also have it . 
  beautiful, 
  kind fo remidns me of a different incident : [ pakistani man dies after inhaling fumes from burning american flags ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2204904/pakistani-man-dies-inhaling-fumes-burning-american-flag-anti-islam-film-rally.html ), 
  when usa sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're bringing gmos . 
  they 're bringing low regulation . 
  they 're evil capitalists . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . 
  that is why we need to build a wall . 
  a beautiful ocean wall . 
  2 minutes is not enough to get sufficiently informed on the matter . 
   european, 
  ukrainian refugees do n't count in eu 's eyes . 
  legality of speech should not be judged by its funniness , given how subjective it is . 
  working in germany is still better than being king in africa, 
  it was slovaks who wanted to split . 
  but that does n't have to be me . 
  let us assume some other hypothetical guy who trusts his wife , but is afraid his child might not be his anyway , for example he fears hospital might have switched them . 
  is it ok for that hypothetical guy to ask for paternity test ? 
  but my hypothetical so does n't know that . 
  so if i told my so that i am afraid of hospital switching our baby and want paternity test , she should n't complain than , right ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  when man cheat it is also horrible and deceptive . 
  that does n't mean when woman does it it is n't . 
  you seem to to ignore my comment about children switched in hospital . 
  how can you be sure that i do n't distrust the hospital rather than her ? 
   i mean your trust issues wo n't stop with your own children but will extend to every aspect of your relationship . 
  that is your opinion . 
  i am not extremely distrustful , but i would still want to know if i am in the 2 % . 
  and i think you should not be so na\u00efve . 
  if she does n't know , she is still deceiving . 
  i mean you ca n't get pregnant by accident , she knew the fathers does n't have no be the actual father , yet still claims he is . 
   that 's not how it works . 
  how convenient . 
  if you can automatically assume that wanting paternity test means i do n't trust a word she says ( what if i fear the child was switched in hospital ? 
  or have some other reason ? ), 
  that i can also assume that if she does n't want the test she is hiding something . 
  not 100 % believing every word she says means utter lack of trust ? 
  i am not allowed even a fraction of doubt ? 
  not even a 0,000001 % ? 
  do people like that actually exist ? 
  she is denying proof . 
  she must be hiding something , otherwise she would n't deny me proof . 
  see that works both ways . 
  i could not be with a person who would deny me something that would help me with my inner peace and would n't affect her at all . 
  that is just horrible . 
   you are telling your so no i 'm not . 
  if she wishes to interpret it as such , its her choice . 
  deception ? 
  when it comes to raising child , i think that is so important to warrant that 100 % . 
  i 'm not going to assume my wife is perfect , because perfect people simply do n't exist, 
  `` hey honey , i know everyone can make mistakes and everyone can make bad decisions , but if you do n't think i am absolutely perfect , you do n't deserve me . '', 
   by asking for a paternity you are basically telling your so that you think there might be a chance she is an absolute horrible person . 
  but there is always the chance . 
  you ca n't just close your eyes , cover your ears and pretend your love is unique and different than all others . 
  raising a child is not the same as buying food . 
  in most areas you might be happy with begin 99 % sure , but at such important things like raising a child some might want that 100 % . 
  if i were to only date people who i 100 % trust without even a second of doubt in my mind i would be alone for ever . 
  you can trust someone highly , but 100 % ? 
  that is just pure na\u00efvety . 
  `` hey honey , i know the child is yours , so the test will change literally nothing , but i 'm just going to be angry anyway '' . 
  how convenient . 
  i bet some of the guys , who raise someone else 's child think they are in good relationship . 
  yes there is , at least for vast majority of children are born of 2 genetic materials , father 's and mother 's .
