  profit made by luxembourg company is taxed according to luxembourg rules . 
   the workforce is people . 
  keeping them healthy and educated devours state income . 
  ikea does n't cause those expenditures . 
  the government would n't just let their citizens die if ikea did n't come there . 
   if you do profitable business in those countries and do n't contribute to their upkeep , you 're a fucking freerider and a thief . 
  you are being ridiculous . 
  free-rider is someone , who gets more than receives , like people who do n't work and only take social benefits . 
  are you really trying to say that ikea is n't net contributor to government coffers ? 
   but still , 3 % of all sales income seems a steep price for such a licence as you said , there is no open market so your opinion is only that , opinion . 
  i do n't see why should we command what price someone have to ask . 
  i mean i think apple products are overpriced , but that does n't mean i can just force them to lower their prices . 
   those companies exploit the international agreements against double taxation , the principle of which is that you do n't need to pay tax in one country if you 're already paying tax for the same revenue in another country . 
  it is not exploiting . 
  the countries signed the treaty , they should n't cry now someone uses it . 
  .  ... the question is whether the public and the lawmakers ought to tolerate this freeriding behaviour . 
  because freeriding it is : you said previously that the state could charge fees for its public services , and it does : they 're called taxes . 
  not it is not . 
  you do n't pay more when you use certain service more and you still pay same taxes when you do n't use certain service at all . 
  taxes are something completely different . 
   or do you have any alternative ideas for charging corporations for the service of providing them with an educated , healthy workforce ... that healthy , educated workforce is not some kind of government resource , it is actual people ffs . 
  they choose to work for someone , and they get wage for it . 
  it is not like oil where government can just sell it to someone and get profit . 
  i know it is not a common meaning , but gay can also mean  showing or characterized by cheerfulness and lighthearted excitement ; merry . 
  so yea , it was pretty gay, 
  well in that case they should go to court . 
  but i got the feeling from the article that they did nothing illegal , just did their taxes in a country with lower rates . 
  than perhaps the government should collect fees for using police ambulance etc. 
  ikea paid taxes for its profits . 
  the fact that its profits were lowered by paying fees to its mother company is not against the law . 
  no i do n't . 
  explain . 
  i avoid paying more money by going to cheaper shops . 
  am i evil ? 
  i doubt australians are raping them . 
  any source ? 
  good , this is europe , not middle east . 
  unfortunately there will be some idiots crying `` xenophobic '' and other buzzwords . 
  only to the first safe country . 
  i doubt fyrom is the first safe country to anyone . 
  nice argument, 
  since when is asking a question as bad as mass harassment like in cologne ? 
  here is a guide : talking - freedom of speech touching - bad, 
  if anything immigration to western countries is hurting our countries because skilled workers leave and work abroad , where they can afford to pay them more . 
  which one ? 
  your post is pretty pointless if you do n't say which one . 
  the hero ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ internet needs . 
  i do n't think it is very common , at least in czech republic . 
  we have nudist beaches , but that is common in the western world . 
  in normal beaches you can usually find 1 or 2 women sunbathing topless , and it does n't cause any drama . 
  some of our older films have nudity and can be broadcast before 22:00 , you do n't see that with newer films . 
  other than that , i do n't think nudity is common . 
  i 'm not saying that what baumgarter said was correct just because someone used fallacy against him . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that his opinion should n't be ignored or dismissed just because of his past statements . 
  but does n't change the fact that it was argumentum ad hominem . 
  and because of the everything he says is wrong ? 
  if he said sky is blue , would you claim otherwise just because it is him ? 
  you 're just making excuses . 
  the point is that you should attack the argument not the person . 
  you said it yourself , you could find millions other people agreeing , so you should argue with all of the by refuting the argument , s not just one person . 
  we should discuss what is said , not whom is it said by . 
  do n't forget to tell them to stay at arms length . 
  tried to murder , he did n't die as far as i know . 
  are you a high commissioner of seriousness ? 
  why do you decide what is serious and what is not ? 
  flying spaghetti monster is no more unbelievable than other religions . 
  yea , because pepper sprays automatically lead to guns . 
  pepper spray has no lasting effects and can be used for defence . 
  god forbid women have a way to defend themselves . 
  got ta keep the rapists safe !, 
   if you legalize pepperspray , then chances are higher that the criminals will have them too . 
  i forgot criminals follow the law . 
  awesome . 
  fully direct democracy probably would n't work , but having some direct democracy added to our own political system could be very beneficial, 
  i ca n't imagine anything manlier, 
   if you yourself find pastafarianism to be a valuable force in your life , be my guest . 
  so you agree pastafarinism is n't fake religion ? 
  that does n't make flying spaghetti monster any less real than allah . 
  also how can you say absolutely nobody believes in spaghetti monster ? 
  can you prove that not even a single person believe in spaghetti monster ? 
  norway taking our children and land ? 
  how is it any more fake than say islam . 
  crime ? 
  where ? 
  just because someone disagrees with you does n't mean he thinks you did a crime . 
  you ca n't , that subreddit is banned . 
  have we been anschlussed ? 
  again ? 
  if hate speech is illegal , you have not free speech . 
  if you are only allowed to say certain things it destroys the whole point of free speech . 
  but . . but . . at least linux is finnish , right ? 
   besides , exams are n't exactly voluntary ramadan is . 
   they must observe ramadan no they do n't have to . 
  they want to . 
  big difference . 
   because these are not the dark ages . 
  [ muh current year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chronological_snobbery ), 
  it is their decision not to be at their best . 
  the government should n't pander to them . 
  if muslims want to shoot themselves in the foot , they can .
