  you say yourself that it 's a trend , do you know how trends work ? 
  most of the refugees are just normal people fleeing a war zone , but well done for swallowing the hysteria . 
  well , i just tested out a comment that was n't part of a thread and you ca n't comment directly on a submission if the submission is deleted . 
  why does it matter if they are working class ? 
  if i find an example , are you going to bring in another condition ? 
  how do you know ? 
  it does n't show anything about it being deleted , and people can still post in the thread . 
  what 's the difference between the rotherham gangs and the celebrity gangs ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-32413502 http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/nova-scotia/british-sailors-accused-in-halifax-gang-rape-photographed-assault-court-documents-1.3137650, 
  `` well , they are '' . 
  so , if i say `` the grass is blue and the sky is green '' , does that automatically come true or does it only count if you say it ? 
  you 've given no proof that ethnic minorities are supposedly more likely to commit crime , unless you think `` because i say so '' is proof . 
  it shows that immigrants are responsible for more crimes in criminal statistics than their share of the population . 
  it does n't prove that most criminals in europe are ethnic minorities - in fact , it proves that most criminals in sweden are native swedes . 
  how reliable is google translate when it comes to swedish ? 
  hysterical claims about ethnic minorities that are n't backed up with reasonable sources are `` facts '' , now ? 
  i ca n't understand swedish . 
  operation yewtree . 
  so if these rapists were white , would that prove that white gang rapists get lesser sentences ? 
  how are ethnic minorities more likely to commit crime ? 
  that does n't prove that all rape gangs in england are muslim , it just proves that some are , which i do n't deny . 
  how does that disprove what i said ? 
  if 25 % of crime in sweden is committed by immigrants , that means 75 % is committed by swedes . 
  are you trying to prove something or are you just bored ? 
  is it true that the maximum a rapist can get in poland is 12 years ? 
  sssh , no one cares about the truth or what norwegians might think , there 's xenophobic and racist hysteria to be had !, 
  it 's called a comment , you tend to do such things on an online forum . 
  rape is normally a hard crime to prove , but if there 's obvious evidence then that lawyer is n't doing their job . 
  `` whites do n't commit as much of these atrocities as minorities '' ? 
  do you have any sources for that ? 
  do you really think rapes have increased since medieval times ? 
  `` all raping gangs in england are muslim '' ? 
  do you have any proof ? 
  i 'm not denying the rape happened , i 'm talking about all the stuff the lawyer did . 
  i made a comment saying why i thought it might be deleted , i was n't trying to justify it being deleted . 
  do you have a source in english that i can understand ? 
  have you seen operation yewtree ? 
  loads of white celebrities getting convicted of child abuse that was covered up for years . 
  if you 're wealthy and/or powerful enough , a lot can be hidden . 
  those involved in the rotherham exploitation were pakistani , and pakistan is in asia . 
  do you have sources for the photoshopping ? 
  is it just one or two newspapers with an agenda , or widespread ? 
  where did i say i thought we should delete the thread ? 
  of course they 're angry , but are white gang rapists given similar terms ? 
  where 's the proof that all that even happened ? 
  it sounds like a case of a shitty defence lawyer to me . 
  so the guy who said `` africans gon na rape '' , or the people claiming that all rapes in norway are committed by ethnic minorities are n't talking about race ? 
  look at some of the replies , do you think someone saying that `` africans gon na rape '' or people trying to claim that all rapes in norway are committed by ethnic minorities would care as much if the rapists were n't from a group they hated ? 
  are you able to find the police report they 're talking about ? 
  as for `` legit '' , that channel could be the norwegian fox news for all i know . 
  how and why did they go out of their way to get the sentences this low ? 
  it 's on numerous norwegian media sites , and how do you know the media usually wants to sweep these things under the rug ? 
  have you seen this thread ? 
  any country in europe . 
  can you show me any statistics that prove what you 've just claimed ? 
  was there somehow no rape until ethnic minorities arrived in norway ? 
  it 's obvious from the context . 
  probably because there 's a lot of people who jump on stories like this to whip up fear and hatred , and would n't give a shit about the girl if her rapists were white . 
  `` most criminals in europe are ethnic minorities '' ? 
  can you show me any data that backs that up ? 
  `` when you hear about a gang rape in northern/central europe you can be assured that it was commited by ethnic minoritiers '' ? 
  i should just take your biased word for it ? 
  how are you defining `` ethnic minority '' , anyway ? 
  before the asian and african minorities came to europe , do you think the basques , saami and welsh committed the gang rapes ? 
  `` muslim crimes ? '', 
  so if you commit a crime , are you committing a `` gay crime '' ? 
  are you this vocal about christians who commit child abuse , or just about the scapegoat of the day ? 
  yeah , but when the criminals are white they ca n't be used to stir fear and hatred up . 
  i bet you many of the people outraged at the very lax sentences would n't bat an eyelid if this crime had been committed by white people . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  of course most criminals in europe are white , europe is mostly white . 
  using these rapists as an excuse to attack minorities is disingenuous . 
  so , because she 's a typical lawyer trying to get her clients exonerated , she should be raped ? 
  that 's the worrying thing , that some people are so thick they can be turned against an entire group simply because of a tiny minority . 
  yes , because all ethnic minorities are criminals , and no white people ever commit crimes . 
  do white rapists get similar sentences ? 
  yes , sadly this pile of crap is indeed a newspaper here in the uk . 
  i got it mixed up then , sorry . 
  i knew languages like galician , catalan etc were languages in their own right , but assumed that there would be other dialects of spanish around within spain . 
  i 'm from lancashire as well , and both sides have a lot of catholics in , and not just from irish immigration , many of the catholic families in my tree are fully english . 
  my brother 's girlfriend is from galicia and she considers them to be separate ( she also speaks both , along with a few other languages such as english and german ) . 
  whether that 's the common view in galicia i do n't know . 
  until fairly recently , neither country had a unified national language ( and until the late 19th century , italy as a country was n't united ) . 
  the parisian dialect of french and the tuscan ( specifically florentine ) dialect of italian are the dominant dialects in the two countries nowadays . 
  it 's like spain , where castilian is the dominant form of spanish . 
  my brother has reddish-brown facial hair although he has dark brown hair . 
  i also have dark brown hair , but my facial hair does n't have much red in it . 
  he carries a gene for red hair that i do n't , so that 's why . 
  that 's a clickbait headline for sure . 
  congratulations , greece , hopefully the victory will be a landslide . 
  ideal weather for me is anything between 3 in the winter ( so there 's no ice so no risk of slipping , although i do love it when it 's frosty ) to 30 in the summer ( as long as it 's not too humid ) . 
  it 's the humidity that 's the problem . 
  i like nice , hot summers but when it 's extremely hot ( over 30 ) , it just becomes miserable . 
  you mean that one full of bigots , xenophobes and fear mongers ? 
  no thanks . 
  yeah , i 'm british but i wish i could speak and understand another language . 
  we often seem so distant from the rest of the continent , but that 's not always how we feel , is it ? 
  you 're welcome , and hopefully you 'll be able to see them . 
  one 's going on at the moment , apparently , which might be why you could see the lights in vienna . 
  i think it could during a solar storm , it can sometimes be seen as far south as the contiguous 48 states of the us .
