  my post is `` literally cancerous '' just because i read something about his motives ? 
  i 've read that the motive for the train attack was revenge because the guy 's friend was killed in afghanistan . 
  the ansbach one seems to be a failed terrorist attack with luckily no innocent deaths . 
  it would n't surprise me if a week in the 1970s or 1980s was far more violent in terms of terrorist attacks within a specific country . 
  his name is ali david sonboly , it seems one `` side '' leaves out the ali and one `` side '' leaves out the david . 
  it 's now reopened after the car was found not to be suspicious . 
  during the 1960s , 1970s and 1990s west germany had plenty of terror attacks committed by groups such as the red army fraction . 
  their post does n't say that it was n't a terrorist attack , the first option is `` amateur is terrorists '' . 
  when it says the post was made `` an hour ago '' , it means between 60 and 119 minutes ago . 
  he could have made that post a full hour before the mayor said anything . 
  the mayor confirming it happened a while after they made their post . 
  there 's already a thread on this - https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4uf6eg/explosion_in_ansbach_germany/, 
  that 's the joke they were making . 
  not everything posted on here is about terrorism . 
  i certainly do n't disagree . 
  looking like he was some sort of spree shooter groupie - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36874497 . 
  we still do n't know his motives . 
  maybe he is an islamic terrorist , maybe he is n't . 
  `` true , there 's people elsewhere on the political spectrum who do the same , but it 's inexcusable from anyone . '', 
  yeah , i know , i said that . 
  they do n't give a shit , they could n't care less about 49 gay people being murdered in a nightclub unless they can exploit it . 
  they do n't care about germans shot dead in a shopping centre unless they can exploit it . 
  true , there 's people elsewhere on the political spectrum who do the same , but it 's inexcusable from anyone . 
  i said strong suggestion which there was at the time , i was hardly denying that it could be islamic terrorism . 
  yeah , i 'm sure dead civilians is a huge cause for celebration . 
  yes , and the sunni daesh hate the shia . 
  it may not necessarily be due to any religious motive . 
  the_donald will be celebrating , then . 
  rumours of three shooters was due to two people fleeing the shooter at high speed in a car . 
  ` cautious all clear ' in munich police are giving a `` cautious all-clear '' , saying they found one person in connection who took their own life . 
  there is a `` high probability '' that person acted alone , officers say . 
  according to the guardian . 
  do n't cnn have a history of jumping the gun on things like this ? 
  which is why i 've edited my posts . 
  yeah , i found a picture from last year of him . 
  i found his youtube channel where he speaks , but i have no idea about the differences between german accents . 
  he 's supposedly from nuremburg . 
  yeah , i think i 've found a twitter that belongs to him . 
  he is supposedly from nuremburg and last tweeted about six hours ago , most likely from there so it could just be a dead end . 
  also , looks like he 's being trolled - http://9gag.com/gag/a1y6d7w/drachenlord1510-strikes-again-speechless . 
  edit - the guy in the video seems to be the person in the picture from bulgarian media , but he 's almost certainly not one of the attackers . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  yeah , it was . 
  so many people have their pet boogeymen for these kind of attacks that it just gets ridiculous after a while . 
  i know , and the witness does n't seem to have been confirmed by the german authorities . 
  i would n't be surprised if it is n't terrorism after all , even the police were considering that it was a `` rampage '' at one point . 
  to be fair , it 's up to the german authorities to confirm the identities of the terrorists , not foreign media . 
  them being sarcastic to a redditor does not equal them thinking the german police is trustworthy . 
  that 's nice of you , but if you looked at my post history you would see i mentioned the witness before you corrected me . 
  you went all the way back through a thread to correct me on something i already knew about ? 
  right now they wo n't be saying much or giving away much , because it helps them to keep things quiet . 
  they learnt the hard way about that back in 1972 . 
  and ? 
  i just posted what was believed at the time . 
  you mean the 4chan sam hyde meme ? 
  if true , one of them was a kosovan muslim who was most likely a refugee herself from the yugoslav wars . 
  muslims are the biggest victims of islamist attacks - after all , look at what daesh are doing in the middle east . 
  apparently it was heard by a muslim woman originally from kosovo , but whether it 's accurate or not remains to be seen , as a lot of things related to this attack seem to be . 
  there 's no confirmation of the motives of the terrorists yet , but i guess you 'll not be convinced by that . 
  oh look , it 's this unoriginal comment again - http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/region/germany, 
  if they see other germans as traitors or think that some of their countrymen have to die for things to change , then maybe . 
  after all , breivik killed plenty of white norwegians . 
  seven dead federal police agency says . 
  hopefully that 's the case . 
  what if it has nothing to do with her ? 
  it could be that they consider many/most germans to be `` traitors '' or something , i think it could be a while before we know for sure . 
  what if it turns out to be far-right nationalists as some people are speculating ? 
  we do n't know if it 's islamists or not at this moment . 
  they had a neo-nazi terrorist gang that mostly went after turks a few years back , one of the terrorists was on trial recently . 
  but people posting meme-like posts hours ago saying that it was definitely muslims are fine ? 
  we do n't know if this is an islamist attack yet , not all arabs are muslims and not all muslims are arabs . 
  but you were ready to demand all muslims `` wait 24 hours before portraying yourselves as the real victims '' without any real confirmation . 
  what is your agenda ? 
  where is this ? 
  most school shootings in the us seem to end with the shooter killing themselves , it 's not unknown . 
  br/dpa : suspects were armed with long rifles , situation officially classified as `` terror situation '', 
  so collective punishment of entire families ? 
  how very north korean . 
  today 's is not yet confirmed as being islamist or not , whilst the increase is because daesh are losing power and land and are hitting out at the west as much as they can . 
  if he wants to try and get rid of them , he better have a very good , quick and effective plan because one of the biggest reasons why they 've been stepping up the attack lately is because they 're starting to lose land and power . 
  even though we have no idea that it 's an islamist attack and there 's plenty of speculation that it is n't ? 
  and what exactly does he say he 'll do ? 
  yeah , they seem to be shifting back to considering it terrorism . 
  rtl reporting : eyewitness said that suspect shouted `` schei\u00df ausl\u00e4nder '' =  `` damn foreigners '' . 
  firstly , that picture is very blurry and secondly , not all europeans are pale skinned with blonde hair . 
  now they seem to be moving back towards terrorism , but what kind seems to be unclear . 
  read the thread and see for yourself . 
  also see the live thread - https://www.reddit.com/live/xatezzbcvxxy, 
  actually , if you read the thread , there 's a strong suggestion that it is n't islamist terrorism . 
  you 're a bit late for the karma train , read the thread . 
  even the native converts ? 
  you 're assuming it 's a muslim who is carrying out the attack , when there 's been some evidence that suggests that it is n't . 
  actually , there 's some evidence that it 's not muslim terrorism at all . 
  this is allegedly from an exercise in manchester , it 's not got anything to do with today 's events in munich . 
  so even if they 're the victims , they 're still to blame ? 
  actually , there 's some reports that this is an anti-muslim attack by a non-muslim german . 
  it might still be a muslim , but nobody knows for sure . 
  nuking where ? 
  the middle east where many non-muslims live ? 
  central asia where many non-muslims live ?
