  even if immigration had been stopped 30 years ago , do you really think daesh or some other group would n't try to get people into the country to launch attacks ? 
  not to mention that they would try and radicalise people online and convert them to islam ( if people can be converted to scientology and other cults , they can be converted to other religions ) . 
  it does n't , but keep assuming i have a `` globalist agenda '' . 
  technically , morocco is your oldest ally , but it depends on how you define `` ally '' . 
  as for the state of emergency , it was going to be lifted towards the end of the month , but now it 'll most likely be extended again . 
   extend the state of emergency i can see this happening . 
   deport every islamist who is n't french back to where they came from how are you defining islamist ? 
  do you mean muslims in general or people who hold radical islamist views ? 
   psychologically evaluated in regular intervals until they are deemed rehabilitated how would this work ? 
   ban salafism in france and cut all ties with saudi arabia no problems with the first part , but why just saudi arabia ? 
  there 's about 100,000 muslims in japan . 
  not a large number by any means , but certainly a small city in terms of size . 
  if they have issues with many of their migrant communities and not all are muslim , what is the problem with the non-muslim migrants , then ? 
  there 's hostile people in many groups within a country , that does n't make all of that group hostile . 
  islam ( and every other mainstream religion ) has ideals that are out of touch with modern , secular western thinking , i do n't disagree . 
  you do realise that rape would still happen in sweden even if everyone was 100 % swedish and 100 % christian or atheist , right ? 
  for a start , china has a billion citizens , of whom about 23 million are muslims . 
  it would be almost impossible for muslims to force demographic change . 
  secondly , china is a police state and not a democracy like france , which means much more government control . 
  they were , which as a young remain voter from lancashire annoyed me . 
  not necessarily , there 's many ways of sneaking into a country . 
  i see what you did there , but at the same time , like there are many different kinds of guns , there are many different kinds of religion and all mainstream religions have their terrorist groups . 
  it also had a long history of isolationism , as well as a difficult language for many outsiders . 
  japan does n't tend to intervene in the middle east , whilst france does . 
  that plays a big part - why does n't brazil have many muslim terrorists ? 
  why does n't finland ? 
  why does n't switzerland ? 
  some people did , but that was n't the only reason for many leave voters . 
  there 's a poll by lord ashcroft that mentions 70 % of voters who were muslim voted to remain , but that 's only from the people surveyed . 
  half of the country did n't even vote and many of those will be muslims . 
  you 're saying that no non-muslim would ever not resort to violence if banned from their own country ? 
  unconfirmed reports that he was a 31 year old from nice with tunisian origins . 
  http://www.snopes.com/muslims-in-japan/ . 
  japan has n't done as much in the middle east as france or other western countries has , which means that they 're less of a target . 
  so lets say all muslim immigration is stopped , but the terrorist attacks keep occurring . 
  why do the terrorist attacks keep occurring , in your opinion ? 
  about 37 % of the population as a whole voted to leave ( the 52 % is the percentage of voters who voted to leave ) , and whilst immigration was a big reason why many voted , it was n't the only reason . 
  even when we eventually leave ( as it will take years to do so ) , it 's likely that freedom of movement between the uk and eu will still exist . 
  because they can reach western muslims online and radicalise them , it 's easier than sneaking into the country , but if they have to sneak into the country they will . 
  i do n't believe in an entire ban on guns , but i do believe in regulations on guns . 
  from the live stream ( https://www.reddit.com/live/x99pqdwudg0l/ ) - this twitter account is posting names of potentially lost people : https://twitter.com/urgencesnice if you are around nice , please keep an eye on the account . 
  / u/kblks, 
  even if 100 % of muslim immigration was banned and all muslims deported , how would that stop islamist terrorists from entering the country and committing attacks ? 
  terrorists wo n't be stopped by a ban on immigration . 
  most that happen in the us and eu are n't islamist . 
  there are christian and hindu terrorist groups , there 's political and nationalist/secessionist groups and even buddhist terrorist groups . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/non-muslims-carried-out-more-than-90-of-all-terrorist-attacks-in-america/5333619 http://www.vocativ.com/251821/muslims-terrorist-attacks/, 
  islamist terrorism is n't the only form of terrorism . 
  you can be radicalised against many other groups , and there 's probably one or two for everyone on the planet . 
  how does that prevent islamist terrorism ? 
  it wo n't stop them from entering the country , and it wo n't stop them from grooming new terrorists from amongst french muslims . 
  77 dead and 42 in a critical condition . 
  horrific . 
  there 's been japanese terrorist groups before , such as the japanese red army and aum shinrikyo . 
  immigration to japan is strict , but is possible . 
  terrorist groups can be formed out of any group found in a country , native or not . 
  plenty of people have said muslim on this sub without being banned . 
  do you really think closed borders will stop terrorism ? 
  even if you exclude terrorist groups from within a country , terrorists do n't respect national borders . 
  i 'm not sure which one was best . 
  many terrorists are n't muslim . 
  in fact , the vast majority of terror attacks in my country have been by irish republicans and loyalists . 
  it looks like they tried to kill/disable the driver , as in the aftermath pictures there 's bullet holes in the window . 
  most international terrorist groups are islamist , but throughout the history of terrorism , as well as in many countries , the terrorists are not muslims but usually have other political/religious motives . 
  i think it wa n't supposed to have been on that road at the time , the police ordered him to stop and as he 's not listened they 've tried to stop him . 
  the lorry was most likely not meant to be there . 
  police at the start trying to stop him before he speeds up , it 's not an easy thing to watch . 
  daesh have claimed responsibility . 
  it 's a terror attack , the driver had guns and grenades and was shot dead by the police . 
  some witnesses say he got out and started shooting . 
  islam is n't just a middle eastern religion , it 's found elsewhere in regions like south east and central asia . 
  guns and grenades were found in the lorry , apparently . 
  i think over seventy dead is a bit worse than some unpatriotic tweets . 
  it 's not known why he did what he did , but the tactic of using a lorry in this one is commonly used by islamists . 
  daesh are claiming responsibility . 
  what do you mean ? 
  73 dead now , this is awful already but that number will most likely only increase , sadly . 
  not really the time or place for jokes . 
  you can have diversity without terrorism , you know . 
  what does their joining the eu have to do with anything ? 
  all the other green countries joined the eu pre-2003 as well . 
  from the submitter - blue : no war without un mandate red : `` coalition of the willing '' green : no dedicated position, 
  i never agreed with the theory that iraq had wmds and i know that the cia were behind the school of the americas and so on . 
  i actually agree with you pretty much . 
  i do n't think 9/11 was an inside job , but i do think the us government exploited it as much as they could . 
  well , a broken clock is right twice a day and all that . 
  and if she was supporting brexit , would you say brexit supporters would use her death for political points ? 
  she was the mother of two young children . 
  what is only beginning ? 
  i 'm no brexiter , but that is just insane , even if this attack does turn out to be related to the referendum . 
  i can only assume you 're heavily simplifying the situation in northern ireland , which is nothing like the relationship between the uk and the eu . 
  that 's from census records , people here tend to just write in what their family `` is '' even if they 're not particularly religious . 
  most people only go to a church for weddings , baptisms and funerals . 
  yeah , i just saw this , i hope it 's just a temporary glitch and everyone on that plane is safe . 
  even if australia won , they would n't have been able to host it due to not being a ebu country and the time difference . 
  they would have chosen a european city . 
  ukraine breaks the chain of germanic-speaking countries !, 
  that new voting system is pretty interesting , although what a difference between the experts and the public . 
  congratulations to france and to the french people !, 
  vive la france !,
