  the roads are n't great for cyclists in my country , there really needs to be more cycle lanes that enable cyclists to cycle safely without them cycling on the pavement and endangering pedestrians , and without them being endangered by much larger vehicles . 
  there 's a bit of an anti-cyclist bias in this country ( which is n't really helped by the small minority of jackasses who run red lights/zebra crossings and generally do n't follow the rules of the road ) which is a shame when it 's one of our most successful sports at the olympics and commonwealth games , it 's an healthy activity and less cars on the road is a good thing for everyone . 
  oh look , just what we need , more fear-mongering idiots spreading misinformation . 
  whilst that 's true , gay couples will only make up a tiny minority of new marriages in any country . 
  of course not !, 
  you have to marry your microwave , duh !, 
  i have no idea what the * fork * is going on here . 
  guinness is a favourite of mine , i 'm drinking it right now !, 
  i hope it 's a resounding yes in the referendum , gay people getting married affects no one but the couple who are getting married . 
  the media love to include as much detail as possible if they can , especially if it plays with the emotions of the audience . 
  he could even be a terrorist and not muslim . 
  thanks , and like parabellum said , it was the original title on the bbc site . 
  according to the website this map is from , there have been islamist attacks in europe since 1987 , with the earliest in vienna . 
  possibly this incident - https://www.start.umd.edu/gtd/search/incidentsummary.aspx?gtdid=201206070001 . 
  https://www.start.umd.edu/gtd/search/incidentsummary.aspx?gtdid=201211090002 seems to be the most likely . 
  according to where the map comes from , it was an incident by suspected anarchists in 2011 . https://www.start.umd.edu/gtd/search/incidentsummary.aspx?gtdid=201111280033, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/477hf4/explosion_at_didcot_power_station_leaves_building/ has some discussion on the explosion , it looks like it 's an industrial accident in a building that was going to be demolished . 
  the number differs on whether people are talking about just the jewish victims , or also including homosexuals , roma , communists , slavs , the mentally/physically disabled etc. 
  it gets a lot more attention because it 's part of the most devastating world war in history that set off events such as the cold war and others which are still felt today . 
  where do you live that it feels like every day is a holocaust anniversary ? 
  beautiful , it seems snow really suits bucharest . 
  reminds me of a guy who used to live near me , he had confederate stuff all over his car . 
  as far as i know , he had no connections at all to the southern us , so it was a bit bizarre . 
  good map , you could also post it to / r/mapporn and / r/etymologymaps . 
  i hope you 're not trying to let him off by calling him mentally ill , because he knew what he was doing . 
  i was using him as an example , i was n't saying he was the only example of a violent extremist from the right . 
  so every single political idea left of centre is to blame , primarily because you do n't agree with it ? 
  were you saying the same about right-wing politics after brievik ? 
  what are traditional european names ? 
  a lot of them come from the bible and hebrew , which come from the same region arabic names do . 
  at the time he posted , there was n't any . 
  just because a tiny minority feel that violence against civilians is justified does not mean that integration does n't work . 
  this would have happened even if no refugees had been allowed into europe . 
  one of the attackers was french , and some of the others were egyptian . 
  it does n't happen in those countries because generally they do n't tend to have much influence or participation in wars nor do they have many homegrown terrorist groups . 
  they also want to kill muslims too , especially if those muslims do n't adhere to the `` correct '' denomination of islam . 
  http://aattp.org/here-are-8-christian-terrorist-organizations-that-equal-isis/ http://www.alternet.org/tea-party-and-right/10-worst-terror-attacks-extreme-christians-and-far-right-white-men http://www.salon.com/2015/04/07/6_modern_day_christian_terrorist_groups_our_media_conveniently_ignores_partner/, 
  there are still violent buddhists and even buddhist terrorist groups . 
  muslims can be found in all races and ethnicities . 
  europe is full of many groups who hold violent views , and those include indigenous groups . 
  demographically , europe will be very similar to how it is now unless something extreme happened . 
  so , how much do i have to agree with you before i stop being a so-called `` apologist '' ? 
  they 're making the right choice , hopefully they save as many of the hostages as they can . 
  some people in this thread have even called for the middle east to be nuked . 
  you do know that muslims are likely to be amongst the dead , right ? 
  who said anything about racism ? 
  muslims are of all races . 
  most muslims do n't shoot at and bomb civilians , though . 
  having a view and committing atrocities in the name of that view are two very different things . 
  there 's a bit of a difference between islamist terrorists and your average muslim person . 
  even if they came here by hiding amongst refugees , that does n't make the refugees guilty . 
  i 'm sorry , i forgot we were supposed to be kneejerking about muslims . 
  it 's like this every time there 's an islamist attack , / r/europes is a bit saner but it 's still quite small . 
  you think people who are anti-immigration are ok with people who descend from recent migrants once their family have been here for two or more generations ? 
  both are religious groups who used terror as a tactic and whom are from groups who migrated to the countries who have been affected by islamic/catholic terrorism . 
  how would it ? 
  do you really think that keeping out all muslim refugees/migrants will stop islamist groups from entering europe ? 
  oh yeah , let 's just chuck a nuke at hundreds of millions of people , that 'll solve everything !, 
  yes , let 's use multiple deaths of innocent people to attack vulnerable people who have fled the very kind of criminal who carried out these attacks , what a good idea !, 
  right , because i 'm not kneejerking about muslims as a whole , i must be an apologist for the terrorists . 
  that makes sense . 
  yeah , if we had stopped irish and catholic immigration to the uk soon enough , we could have stopped the ira !, 
  i mean , after all , all irish and catholics are terrorists , right ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_marseillaise has english lyrics listed . 
  there 's been plenty of non-muslim terrorist groups operating in france . 
  they 're brown and muslim , that makes them as guilty as the terrorists !, 
  you do know that other groups can be terrorists , right ? 
  there 's even buddhist terrorists . 
  multiple coordinated attacks and taking tens of hostages is n't something you can plan and carry out in a few hours , this will have been being planned for months . 
  i know they were being sarcastic , i 'm asking how would stopping migrants coming into europe would help . 
  how should we `` wake up '' ? 
  and the kneejerk islamophobia plays into the hands of the terrorists who love to drive a wedge between non-muslims and muslims in the west . 
  more alienated muslims means more potential recruits . 
  how would that prevent terrorism ? 
  yeah , i read about that earlier via an article about emre can , thinking about it , it certainly looks like it was connected . 
  whilst such marches are n't very effective , islamophobia is exactly what the terrorists want . 
  they want more disaffected , alienated muslims who could be radicalised for further attacks . 
  that 's a good move , hopefully the stadium is completely secure . 
  60 people who were enjoying their friday night after a long week are now in deep fear of their lives . 
  we can only hope that all sixty survive this . 
  an unsourced comment from the former leader of the edl ? 
  really ? 
  your idiotic comment really is n't welcome . 
  preventing refugees from entering the country wo n't stop terrorists from outside . 
  that 's an old video in french from 2008 , what does it have to do with polandball ? 
  they do n't want to let certain groups use their dead loved ones as political pawns , so he should just be let go and deported ? 
  in regards to your pm and his actions , this is almost certainly because it was a school shooting . 
  often with these maps you get some differences within language families , but for this one it seems the language families are fairly united in regards to their word for hand . 
  here in the uk we even have tv channels that only show american programmes , and we have some that love to repeat friends and the fresh prince . 
  and what kind of life do his victims have ? 
  they do n't , whilst he will probably live for decades . 
  how many empty houses are there in german cities ? 
  i bet a lot could be used to house both german homeless people and migrants . 
  same goes for every other country - in my country they 're always building new houses whilst a lot are empty and with a bit of renovation could be used to make homes . 
  yeah , this was posted on another subreddit , showing the scene - https://twitter.com/shawshank5/status/758315269093744640, 
  a suitcase full of aerosols ? 
  how much damage would you expect that to cause ? 
  there 's a live thread here - https://www.reddit.com/live/xbsluw1w40ql/, 
  i 'm not trying to shift the blame from islamist terrorists who are a big reason , but a large part of that was the end of the cold war plus a decline in terrorism in northern ireland and spain . 
  would n't that suggest an uprising , rather than terrorism ?
