why would you put the part of scotland that has almost no connection to the vikings into the viking republic ? 
  it should be the highlands as part of that . 
  i know , it was a joke . 
  it 's not like we have any room to talk , though . 
  two sides of the same coin , there 's a game that some people on reddit often play , `` sjw or stormfront ? 
  why is this important to modern day europe ? 
  russian interests today are different to russian interests centuries ago . 
  do you really have to post this in every thread about it ? 
  not only that , operation yewtree has been investigating almost exclusively white christians . 
  you should go post that on the alternate history forums , they 'll go insane . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/world-27978407 will show the events unfold from 9.30 am uk time , although it will probably be accessible after the stream finishes at 1.30 pm uk time . 
  belgium was the first country that i thought of . 
  settle down there , reagan . 
  is n't it nice when we can pretend things are due to our personal biases ? 
  if that 's the case - which it is n't - what 's happening with eastern europe ? 
  not really ? 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  welsh ( uk ) 2 . 
  english ( england ) 3 . 
  south african our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  portuguese i 'm from lancashire in northern england , although that may explain the norwegian result as northern english has been influenced by old norse . 
  can it be a fake/historical one ? 
  if not , the vatican . 
  what are the `` obvious '' reasons ? 
  skeleton ? 
  as in just one ? 
  er ... let us think about that one . 
  they know what they 're doing , and what they are doing is exploiting a natural disaster for their own gain , scaring their followers and promoting hate , anger and intolerance . 
  whilst you should n't always attribute to malice what can be attributed to stupidity , i do n't think hanlon 's razor applies in many of these cases where religious leaders say something completely stupid . 
  the french one is an estimate by a think tank , not data from the government . 
  you 're the one only posting a graph without giving any other information as to why you posted it or what you want people to discuss . 
  they care for statistical purposes , although i do n't see where the french one comes from as they do n't collect data on ethnic groups . 
  that 's obvious , but why should anyone care ? 
  what exactly is the point of posting this ? 
  i 'm indifferent , she seems to be a likeable person , whilst the outrage over her winning eurovision is hilarious . 
  yes , although i suspect that you already know that . 
  he 's a drag artist , and when in character , she is a woman . 
  he 's just playing a female character , i do n't see what the harm is . 
  what negative effects does wurst have on your life , or anyone elses life ? 
  paedophilia is a sexual disorder , that 's like saying schizophrenia or depression should be accepted . 
  homosexuality was considered a mental illness to justify laws against it , even though it 's perfectly natural . 
  so , your idea of democracy is basically that it 's good only if people agree with you . 
  not very democratic at all . 
  which is just your opinion . 
  what if most romanians disagree with you ? 
  you want democratic values , but people are n't allowed to be certain things because some people find them unnatural ? 
  what harm could a transvestite with a beard do to your society ? 
  is it that fragile and weak ? 
  it 's not a controversy at all , plus the polish one only got any votes here because of the polish community . 
  other than that , it was a cheap , tacky attempt at winning votes coupled with an atrocious song . 
  oh wow , the pathetic outrage over this is amazing !, 
  were they like this when dana international won it in the 1990s ? 
  here 's some information , neanderthal nutjob , it 's not `` the end of europe '' , it 's a drag queen winning a silly music contest . 
  yes , blame the harmless drag queen for your national problems , ignore the corrupt politicians who run your country . 
  that 's a good citizen . 
  well , ok ... but then zhey fire ze missiles !, 
  he does n't want to be a woman at all , he 's a drag artist who uses female pronouns when in character . 
  as for `` political correctness '' , that 's just a lazy argument . 
  besides , eurovision is not meant to be a serious song contest . 
  maybe once it was , but now it 's a silly , continental event . 
  it 's probably because we know the winner . 
  congratulations austria and conchita !, 
  should n't be any points for russia here . 
  should be 12 points for us !, 
  edit - or maybe not !, 
  i presume us . 
  that 's it , next year it 's eddie izzard for us !, 
  to be honest , i think a lot of it is to annoy russia . 
  what do you mean by normal ? 
  eurovision is known for not being conventional . 
  if you think boobs will win eurovision , you 're very much mistaken . 
  i do n't think we 've ever been booed every time someone mentioned us , though . 
  you mean that you wish to fire ze missiles ? 
  even we have n't been this hated at eurovision . 
  ice hockey jersey , they 're doing well in the ice hockey world cup . 
  low points for most scandinavian countries from denmark , 12 probably to sweden . 
  they just show those at the start to save time , or else it would take much longer . 
  they 're not putin , people , they 're 17 year old young women . 
  it 's a cartoon from scandinavia and the world , by humon , a danish cartoonist . 
  it 's a running joke , that 's pretty much all i know . 
  no bacon in denmark ? 
  what ? 
  and we 're heading for venus ? 
  really ? 
  your 1974 entry had a part to play in the carnation revolution . 
  it is . 
  the guardian have a live page - http://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/tvandradioblog/2014/may/10/eurovision-song-contest-2014-live, 
  that 's the eu anthem , which may or may not be an attempt to annoy russia . 
  those people are n't feminists , they hate women as much as they hate men . 
  misanthropes would be a better word . 
  i think the winner will probably be either ukraine , iceland , austria or the netherlands . 
  15p here , or 18 cents . 
  you spend hours waiting for a bus , and about eight come at once . 
  the dutch one was quite nice , and i do n't usually like country and western music . 
  i could never have guessed , graham , what with all of the flowers . 
  furniture continues the stereotypes . 
  no sign of any lego , though . 
  tone down the 1950s , will you ?
