  there were people who jumped to that conclusion about breivik . 
  we have almost no information other than he is of `` foreign origin '' and dark-skinned . 
  he could be a christian for all we know . 
  http://www.expatshield.com/ works for uk-only programmes . 
  we have to use it at work . 
  at home i use chrome . 
  what quote ? 
  the modern slavery thing ? 
  i guess noone will be the legal successor , as i do n't think either austria or hungary was dominant over the other . 
  all humans today are descendants of slaves and slave owners , and all peoples practised slavery at one point . 
  even today , slavery is still around , and there are more slaves in 2013 than there have ever been at any other point in time . 
  to be fair , the african nations that existed at the time do n't anymore . 
  it would be like trying to sue austria-hungary or the ussr . 
  oh yeah , i agree . 
  i was making a bad joke about swiss neutrality . 
  liverpool have a great slovakian in martin skrtel playing for us . 
  to be fair , it 's mostly the right wing nutjobs at trashy rags like the daily mail , as you say , that are trying to rile their useful idiots ( see : ukip supporters ) up with their usual bile and fear mongering . 
  most british people are either indifferent to eastern europeans , or have a generally positive view of them . 
  however , calling our capital a shithole just because of our media is hypocritical . 
  yeah , but morons like him think that it means british as in ethnicity instead of british as in nationality and citizenship . 
  you can be a french national without any french ancestry , just like you can be an american without any native american ancestry . 
  so , the swiss are indifferent to this mistake , then ? 
  sweden and switzerland get mixed up with each other ? 
  yeah , but a lot of people will accept the more christian cyprus into europe than the more muslim turkey , even though many europeans are n't even that religious any more . 
  that 's pretty much how i see it , but with an extra central european region , and with some being both western and northern . 
  how do we split them ? 
  culture ? 
  language ? 
  similarity ? 
  in my mind , in general , europe looks like this ( i 've included fringe nations that are considered to be both in europe and asia ) - northern europe is the uk , ireland , iceland , sweden , norway , denmark , faeroe islands , finland , estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  western europe is all of the above ( except for estonia , latvia and lithuania ) , plus spain , italy , france , belgium , netherlands , andorra , san marino , lietchenstein , austria , germany , switzerland and portugal . 
  central europe is germany , austria , czech republic , poland , hungary , slovakia , slovenia , switzerland , lietchenstein and luxembourg . 
  eastern europe is russia , ukraine , belarus , moldova , romania , bulgaria , georgia , azerbaijan , armenia and kazakhstan . 
  southern europe is spain , portugal , italy , andorra , malta , san marino , croatia , serbia , albania , kosovo ( if you recognise them ) , montenegro , fyro macedonia , greece , bosnia , turkey and cyprus . 
  simon mignolet , for a start !, 
  i loved the tintin stories as a child . 
  sorry , i 've always seen as you as both . 
  is there a problem with that ? 
  remove kartulip\u00f5rsad from nordic premises , please . 
  i of thankings you . 
  ( this would have been better coming from someone from a nordic country ) . 
  i could get used to the cold , but how slippy is it in winter ? 
  are you able to walk outside in ice and snow without yaktrax and holding onto anything you can due to a massive fear of slipping and cracking your head open ? 
  if i had to , probably somewhere else in northern europe , like ireland , netherlands , norway , sweden etc , or somewhere like spain , italy or turkey . 
  after those , maybe germany . 
  the first lot because they are the most similar in vatious ways . 
  the second lot because of the weather and food . 
  the third lot because i visited germany earlier this year and i was impressed with what i saw . 
  i had no idea scandinavians ( or at least swedes and danes ) had armed police until i watched the bridge ( which also taught me the correct way to pronounce malmo ) , or that your police cars have the fluorescent checkerboard designs as well . 
  one of my friends at work is from latvia , she 's a fun person . 
  yeah , and i 'll extend that to all eastern europeans . 
  in my experience , they 're good , hard-working people who do n't deserve the crap that the fearmongerers of the daily mail etc like to fling at them . 
  glad to see he was ok in the end . 
  i ca n't remember now , sorry . 
  what does that mean , and why are you avoiding my questions ? 
  surely you actually want to defend your views , or are you just a really bad troll ? 
  firstly , what does any of that have to do with the greek footballer ? 
  secondly , the article on the left is from the daily mail , a newspaper known to be full of exaggeration in order to sell copies , although the crimes mentioned did occur . 
  this has already been posted , and it was n't a roman salute , which is done with the left arm . 
  how pathetic , are you really trying to make this into some sort of `` anti-white '' story ? 
  i 'm white , but i know damn well what people would think and say if i did a nazi salute ( not that i would want to anyway , i 'm a left-winger ) , and so does the footballer . 
  stop trying to play the victim . 
  i guess you 've never heard of the non-white soldiers who fought for the nazis , or the japanese then ? 
  i read about this on her wikipedia page , it seems to have been something she 's claimed for a while but noone seems to have paid any attention to it until now . 
  i 'm combining english , scottish and welsh ethnicities . 
  the main problem with claiming that germans are the largest ethnic group in the us is that it is based on how people identify in the censuses when a lot of americans have ancestry from multiple countries ( and many british americans now identify as just american without an ethnic prefix ) . 
  from looking at my family tree which contains hundreds of americans and my thousands of matches on genetic dna sites such as 23andme , a lot of them have german surnames and quite a bit of german ancestry , but at the same time they have a lot of english/scottish/welsh / irish as well , with english often being the bulk of their ancestral origins . 
  english originated from old english which developed into middle english which developed into modern english . 
  along the way , many words were added and many changes occurred . 
  even if every anglophone country became majority muslim , they would most likely retain their own dialect of english , although english itself will look and sound different regardless of religious changes . 
  i 'm from lancashire and we 've had quite a bit of norwegian influence from norse settlements , some of the placenames and surnames are very norse in origin . 
  this is middle english , not old english . 
  this is the english shakespeare would have spoken and written . 
  also , it is believed that english changed more in the uk than it did in the us . 
  i 'm not sure , that would explain the discrepancy though . 
  it 's not me who think it 's shadowbanned . 
  it 's by / u/itsajokeautismo . 
  there 's only been two comments including yours and i can see both . 
  what does this have to do with europe ? 
  how come it says that there is one more vote than then there are voters ? 
  damned traitors with their being consistent with their neighbours !, 
  you would think qatar would love some more foreign workers to exploit and work to death . 
  of course i do , i 'm working class myself . 
  that does n't mean that there wo n't have been some cover ups over the years - do you honestly think the only working class gang rapists ever to exist in this country are muslims , and that it 's only happened in recent decades ? 
  you 've suddenly had a change of heart , have you ? 
  we should help as many as we can . 
  it 's cute how you 're suddenly assuming i 'm a labour supporter , by the way . 
  i 'm not . 
  of course they 're all a pack of idiots , they chose politics as a career . 
  labour councillors can still be rich and powerful . 
  who is saying that we should let them all in ? 
  did n't you mention how working class communities in this country used to be much closer and tight-knit ? 
  how do you know rape gangs were n't kept secret back then ? 
  they 're all still nonces , though , working class or upper class . 
  that community was destroyed by right-wingers in the 1980s and the effects are still felt today . 
  if the rich and powerful had n't been so rich and powerful , rotherham and other gangs would n't have been covered up for so long . 
  `` well aware that if this was done by black or white gangs they would have been nicked within 2 years of said offences happening , not allowed to continue for well over a decade '' . 
  really ? 
  how do you know ? 
  how do you know they will ?
