  they mean that they can be visible in the night sky . 
  usually we go for a meal and pay for the birthday person 's meal as well as our own , but the drinks are paid for separately . 
  so , no horse statues , then ? 
  i do n't know how bad your media is , but ours has a certain group of newspapers that love to stir shit up . 
  they 're usually either very right-wing and/or owned by rupert murdoch . 
  it 's still an educated guess , and the actual muslim council say it 's even lower . 
  `` approximately 5 percent ( 450,000-500 ,000 ) of the population is muslim , although the officially sanctioned muslim council of sweden , for government funding purposes , reported only 106,327 active participants . '', 
  culturally , germany is for sure far more northern than southern . 
  5 % is a `` high muslim population '' ? 
  it 's nowhere near as bad as your slums , so i have no idea what you 're going on about . 
  i think they 're talking about the second part of your post , not the first . 
  what does scotland have to do with it ? 
  great britain as a island is quite northern . 
  yeah , the morons have their own subreddit as you 've mentioned , i wish they would all just go there and circle jerk their irrational fear-mongering amongst themselves rather than pollute this subreddit . 
  that 's your own capital , not the danish one . 
  i would say we 're north-western . 
  germany would be central/western . 
  there 's far more than ten male rape victims in existence , and i doubt trp would care about male rape victims - they would probably see him either as `` lucky '' for getting `` laid '' or see him as unmanly for `` allowing '' himself to be raped . 
  how would you define an issue as being frontpage worthy ? 
  i 'm a feminist and do n't believe that , do you ? 
  yes , many feminists are like that , but there 's always going to be some insane fringe of any large movement . 
  why would you want to be raped ? 
  it would n't be rape then , you twit . 
  which country is that and can you show us examples ? 
  he 's being sarcastic and mocking nut jobs who believe sweden really is like that . 
  it 's your kind of idiotic view of men that damages males . 
  oh , are the schools finished for summer already ? 
  i guess you have nothing better to do . 
  every single feminist you 've met in real life ? 
  more like the feminists on tumblr that fit your strawman . 
  raped as in they got raped , whether the rapist was a man or a woman . 
  as a reluctant monoglot from the uk ( if my native and only language was a car , the closest `` second language '' i have ( french ) , would be a tyre ) , i kind of wish english was n't so prevalent . 
  like others in the thread have said , it does have a detrimental effect on foreign language skills in the uk . 
  yeah . 
  thanks . 
  that 's probably a more likely explanation . 
  thanks , i 've changed it . 
  thanks , i 've changed it . 
  thanks , i 've changed it . 
  thanks , i 've changed it . 
  some name meanings ( which may or may not be accurate ) - smith - meaning `` to smite '' , it either denotes a metal worker or a soldier who had to repair his own weapons . 
  murphy - anglicised form of o ' murchadha , meaning the `` male descendant of the sea warrior '' . 
  martin - derived from mars , the roman god of fertility of war . 
  garcia - of unknown origin , this surname may derive from the basque word for bear . 
  silva - may mean `` person who lived by a wood '' . 
  peeters - son of peter . 
  de jong - the young in dutch , used to distinguish between father and son . 
  jensen - son of jens ( john ) . 
  hansen - son of hans ( john ) . 
  andersson - son of ander . 
  korhonen - may denote a deaf person or a village elder . 
  smirnov - denotes a quiet or meek person . 
  b\u0113rzi\u0146\u0161 - dimunitive of birch tree . 
  kazlauskas - may denote a person from a town whose name derives from the polish for goat . 
  ivanou - may be a belarusian version of ivanov . 
  popa - priest . 
  yilmaz - denoting a brave person . 
  papadoupoulos - son of a priest . 
  kelmendi - may mean someone from the kelmend region . 
  horvat/horvath - croat . 
  novak/nowak - denoting a newcomer to a place . 
  gruber - derived from the german for hole , probably denoting a miner . 
  nagy - denotes a large and powerful person . 
  rossi - plural of the italian word for red , probably denotes a red-haired person . 
  a bigger population would mean more children , and more children means bigger numbers of children in each classroom . 
  maybe that wo n't affect it as much as i think it would . 
  should n't have hired the company that built the sagrada familia then , should they ? 
  it would partly depend on how well the system can work in countries with larger populations - finland has a population of about five and a half million people whilst many countries have a much bigger population . 
  i would also assume that national budgets for education would play a part as well . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  how do you know that ? 
  at thought i thought you were a rather simple 12 year old or something , then i checked your laughable post history . 
  you 're failing at trolling . 
  i know you 're making a joke , but the word actually comes from arabic originally - alcohol ( n. ) look up alcohol at dictionary.com 1540s ( early 15c . 
  as alcofol ) , `` fine powder produced by sublimation , '' from medieval latin alcohol `` powdered ore of antimony , '' from arabic al-kuhul `` kohl , '' the fine metallic powder used to darken the eyelids , from kahala `` to stain , paint . '', 
  the al - is the arabic definite article , `` the . '', 
  `` powdered cosmetic '' was the earliest sense in english ; definition broadened 1670s to `` any sublimated substance , the pure spirit of anything , '' including liquids . 
  modern sense of `` intoxicating ingredient in strong liquor '' is first recorded 1753 , short for alcohol of wine , which was extended to `` the intoxicating element in fermented liquors . '', 
  in organic chemistry , the word was extended 1850 to the class of compounds of the same type as this . 
  uk ( england ) , uk ( england ) and do n't really have any plans to move outside of the uk . 
  i 've only been outside of the uk once , which was when i spent a few days in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  he got the president 's name wrong . 
  they could have gone with this one - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_cross_flag#estonia, 
  it 'll probably be at the very minimum a century . 
  wwii was a disaster at the time , and it 's effects will be felt for a long time , even if those effects are individual bombs found in various parts of the world . 
  there was one last week that was found near wembley stadium which was successfully disarmed . 
  there 's a new system that we have but it 's not hugely used as far as i know - http://childrescuealert.org.uk/ . 
  i remember getting an email in march for the first alert ( the girl who went missing was later found safe and well ) . 
  i do n't know how effective it might turn out to be . 
  who says that either us or greece will leave for sure ? 
  they 're a bit wrong , ni is n't the last place in western europe to legalise gay marriage . 
  it is embarrassing that part of the uk still does n't recognise a basic human right . 
  and next year it will be held in a city in sweden for the sixth time . 
  i 've liked it since i was a kid , it 's a silly contest where , if it is n't taken seriously , it can be a lot of fun . 
  congratulations to the new moderators !, 
  they 're within the boundaries of the european broadcasting area , which extends as far south as morocco ( who one took part in eurovision ) and iraq . 
  yeah , but people complained about the voting blocs and the current system was brought in . 
  it would n't , no . 
  montenegro gave 7 to russia , 6 to italy and 5 to sweden whilst fyr macedonia gave 7 to italy , 6 to russia and 5 to sweden . 
  thanks , i do n't know russian apart from a few words .
