  you have one shit comment history , you failure of a troll . 
  yeah , but putin is an homophobe so he would use such a word . 
  the embassies of slovakia and slovenia often have to exchange mail . 
  you can go and fuck yourself with that bigoted shit , you 19th century loser . 
  lmao, 
  maybe we should have a common language , but i do n't think that makes local languages lesser . 
  it 's about the size of 31 great britains , and our main island is the ninth biggest island in the world . 
  yeah , i have a distant danish cousin ( that i found via 23andme ) i 'm friends with on facebook and i can understand quite a bit of the posts he makes in danish . 
  i 've actually `` tried '' ( or , more accurately , tried to memorise words on memrise ) learning swedish and danish ( at the moment , i 'm trying to learn bokmal norwegian ) , i could understand some of the words spoken in that programme , but most i could n't . 
  i 'm just messing with you . 
  malmo is an interesting city , i always thought it was pronounced `` mal-mo '' until i watched the bridge . 
  but . . but . . muh gulf stream !, 
  unless they host it in malmo again . 
  edit - context - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_roskilde, 
  oh yeah , norton 's commentary is hilarious at times !, 
  maybe it was cyka , the russian word for `` bitch '' ? 
  that 's exactly what they would have done 800 years ago , with their auld alliance and everything . 
  no , but i hope the reason is made public . 
  yeah , we have a few people in the media complaining about the `` political '' votes , but apart from that most people do n't really care too much about it . 
  from the bbc - `` the eurovision press office has just announced the results from the fyr macedonia and montenegro have been disqualified . 
  `` the jury results of fyr macedonia and montenegro for the grand final have been excluded after consultation of pricewaterhousecoopers , the contest 's independent voting observer , and upon the decision of the executive supervisor and the chairman of the reference group , '' it said . 
  `` in both countries , televoting applied for 100 % . 
  the exclusion of two juries will be further discussed in the next reference group meeting in june . '', 
  almost everyone sang in english - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurovision_song_contest_2015#final, 
  it 's always a fun night with eurovision !, 
  7 ireland 1970 , 1980 , 1987 , 1992 , 1993 , 1994 , 1996 6 sweden 1974 , 1984 , 1991 , 1999 , 2012 , 2015 5 france 1958 , 1960 , 1962 , 1969 , 1977 luxembourg 1961 , 1965 , 1972 , 1973 , 1983 united kingdom 1967 , 1969 , 1976 , 1981 , 1997 congratulations , sweden !, 
  null points for austria and germany !, 
  i love how happy polina is even if she is n't winning , that 's nice to see . 
  the two biggest scores in eurovision history are norway with 387 in 2009 and sweden in 2012 with 372 . 
  congratulations , sweden !, 
  can someone give austria and germany a pity point ? 
  i ca n't see them losing it now !, 
  so , just a normal weekend then ? 
  i 'm sure san marino actually give us quite a few points . 
  sweden can still win it . 
  it 's the motto for this year . 
  here you go , germany !, 
  edit - maybe not , it 's the `` countries that get confused with each other '' bloc . 
  no , but it 's ireland . 
  only one ? 
  ours are ireland and australia . 
  switzerland to the rescue , i bet . 
  worse than ours ? 
  that list of countries below us will go eventually . 
  still wo n't cancel the debts . 
  no 12 points from malta ? 
  it was that bad , eh ? 
  i do n't get why that prick liked eurovision , it 's not exactly the kind of thing religious fundies like him are fans of usually . 
  why either of those ? 
  the latter is my home city . 
  which city do you think australia would choose ? 
  well , they are n't british , so obviously they are . 
  number 19 - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurovision_song_contest_2015#final, 
  nah , scary spice is from yorkshire . 
  hungary is a dictatorship ? 
  she is , one of the few not to sing in english . 
  i think the bbc does on television but i 'm watching on iplayer and there 's no subtitles . 
  i once worked with a latvian woman who uses a lot of russian , but i think she 's half-russian . 
  she 's half black according to wikipedia . 
  there 's only another three that are n't in english and one of them is partly in english . 
  / u/sleeper __ service thinks it sounds like scientist by coldplay . 
  `` the specific origin of the term is lost to history , which has led to many imaginative theories and claims . 
  one story is that london 's blackfriars theatre ( 1599 ) included a room behind the scenes which happened to be painted green ; here the actors waited to go on stage . 
  it was called `` the green room . '', 
  some english theatres contained several green rooms , each ranked according to the status and the salary of the actor : one could be fined for using a green room above one 's station . 
  [ 6 ] [ 7 ] '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/green_room, 
  they wo n't host it , they get to choose the city if they win . 
  we did with katrina and the waves ( sort of , anyway , the band is english but the main singer is american ) . 
  switzerland once had celine dion , but i guess they did n't want to win that year . 
  if they win , they get to choose the european city that hosts it next year . 
  guests for the 60th eurovision , it 's very popular over there . 
  they wo n't host it , they 'll get to choose the city if they do win , though . 
  they used to have to . 
  it would be nice to hear more languages in the contest . 
  poor eesti , gives all of those votes . 
  still not nordic . 
  he does , actually . 
  sweden must be one of the favourites by far . 
  there 's already two different submissions on that subreddit about the serbian singer , they 're quite obsessed . 
  shush , you might give hell ideas !, 
  and may god have mercy on our souls ? 
  probably the latter , as is tradition with us and international competitions . 
  i 've heard some good electro-swing songs but this is not one of them . 
  i did n't know jurgen klopp was austrian . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wiener_stadthalle ( i guess they just had to use that building ) . 
  the program has , but not the competition itself . 
  just for this year as guests . 
  also , so they can confuse any american viewers . 
  it 's a shame that they got booed last year or this year if it happens , it 's not like putin and medvedev were singing . 
  whilst it is n't in europe , they are in the european broadcasting area , which includes much of north africa and the middle east . 
  morocco once took part . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  they 're heavily anti-gay marriage and wo n't even allow a referendum on the issue . 
  the dup . 
  let 's ban post-menopausal women and ( post-op ) trans * people from marrying , then !, 
  after all , they ca n't reproduce either , right ? 
  wow , some of those comments , some people take the whole thing way too seriously . 
  congratulations to ireland !, 
  we along with the irish , danes , balts and finns seem to be proving the stereotype of northern europeans being drunkards .
