  south east asia where many non-muslims live ? 
  and that 's before you actually consider what would happen if you used nukes to wipe out billions of people . 
  is n't northern ireland a very safe place nowadays compared to twenty or thirty years ago ? 
  you 're missing my point completely . 
  at the height of the troubles , irish people were not exactly welcome in britain . 
  oh , we 're doing collective punishment now ? 
  i 'll get that dusty old `` no blacks , no dogs , no irish '' sign out of the attic and add `` no refugees '' as well . 
  facebook have activated their safety check for anyone with friends or family in munich . 
  i was thinking more old school , but i guess kurds could fit too . 
  i guess so , which would make it terrorism in a way . 
  i wonder what makes them think its a rampage ? 
  he 's belgian , though . 
  `` police suspects rampage , not terrorist attack . 
  no suspects caught yet , public transport still shut down '' from the live feed . 
  so did you laugh about gun laws on the_donald and here when your country was being attacked by terrorists ? 
  `` muh guns !, 
  why on earth are you using a terrorist attack to brag about something like that ? 
  no , he 's turkish , you need to use armenians for those guys . 
  police confirming no shootings at second alleged scene near stachus . 
  of course it does n't . 
  if you 're trying to imply he 's a muslim ( and i 'm not saying the attacks today are n't being committed by muslims ) , then you should know there 's white , black and asian muslims . 
  ca n't disagree with that . 
  because all of those coasts and mountain ranges and forests are completely secure , right ? 
  well , daesh are doing their best to encourage that extreme prejudice , the sooner they 're squashed the better . 
  the only pacifistic continent is antarctica . 
  my post was saying that nothing has happened to europe , it 's always been a violent powder keg . 
  there 's reports of another shooting near stachus ( close to train station ) . 
  no confirmations for that yet . 
  i think if we 're going to do collective punishment then we should ask north korea for some advice first , do n't you think ? 
  you mean the continent that for most of history was divided and constantly full of blood and fire ? 
  divide and conquer is one of the oldest tactics around . 
  plus , it 's five years to the day since those attacks happened . 
  they 're a death cult who believe we 're living in the `` end times '' . 
  yeah , but being reasonable wo n't get you easy karma !, 
  i 'm not sure which one i should hope for , is there a facebook quiz to help me out here ? 
  hopefully it 's like the cinema shooting and turns out to be just one fatality , the shooter . 
  thanks . 
  hopefully the attackers are neutralised as soon as possible . 
  how busy are german shopping centres on friday evenings ? 
  even though everyone has been talking about islam and how the guy was a radical muslim ? 
  it 's not a large minority when you 're talking about a billion people . 
  it 's a much smaller world nowadays with travel far cheaper and easier . 
  international terrorist groups did n't really start until the 1960s and 1970s . 
  my post was totally clear , and you still have n't answered it . 
  an attack on french foreign interests or embassies is still an attack on france . 
  islam is about 700 years behind christianity , it 's going through what christianity did in the 1400s and 1500s . 
  you could argue that , but it 's like saying that all male immigration increases the likelihood of rape . 
  sure , you 'll be bringing in more potential rapists , but the majority of men wo n't be rapists . 
  i do n't believe in unchecked immigration , but i also do n't believe in banning entire groups from immigrating . 
  at least try and respond to my post . 
  would it be easier for french intelligence to stop an attack on a french embassy in the middle east or north africa or south east asia than it would be to stop an attack in paris or nice or marseilles ? 
  joseph was supposedly an old man , or at least a fully grown adult whilst mary was supposedly a 12 year old girl . 
  should we get christians out of europe ? 
  you do n't need any religion to keep a society running . 
  even the foreign interests ? 
  because i was saying that there does n't need to be a large number of muslims , or any , already in the country as long as they get one through the borders . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  not attack france ? 
  even if they ca n't get to metropolitan france , they can attack french foreign interests , embassies etc. 
  i do n't get comments like this , we know the attacker was muslim so why bother posting this ? 
  i can only see the abstract . 
   your point was that it `` only takes 1 guy '' . 
  you dope . 
  do you notice where i wrote `` if this was n't a lone wolf attack '' ? 
  do you realise what that term means ? 
   western stations reported the taharush when it happened in egypt . 
  i 'm mostly finding articles post-cologne or about western women who were attacked . 
  can you show me sources for that claim ? 
  i 'm talking about the modern concept of terrorism , which began in russia and ireland in the late nineteenth century . 
  which is why i mentioned them converting non-muslims online . 
  if people can be converted to scientology , why not islam ? 
  i 'm asking you because i ca n't believe you actually think what you 're typing . 
  i could see many non-muslims being pissed off that they were barred from their own countries - after all , they have a right to be in their own countries . 
  if you believe in iq , should n't native british people be doing quite well in education ? 
   is life really this challenging ? 
  i said `` committed '' , unless you think there was a whole group of terrorists hiding in the lorry . 
  everyone else involved ( if this was n't a lone wolf attack ) could have been in syria , as long as the operative actually carrying out the attack was in nice . 
   from another country you think native german men do n't rape and sexually assault women ? 
  granted , they do n't tend to do it in large groups , but it does happen . 
   and this is a good thing how ? 
  it actually proves my point that they are a problematic minority i 'm not saying it 's a good thing , i 'm saying that if they had done this in their own countries to women from their countries , would people in the west care as much ? 
  how do you explain why native europeans are less likely to perform well in education ? 
  you actually believe in iq tests ? 
  europeans pretty much created terrorism , look up the history . 
  but they would adapt and terrorist groups can be very flexible , especially a very decentralised one like daesh . 
  so you 're saying that the only people who would ever resort to violence from being banned from their country are muslims ? 
  23 million out of a billion is a `` large minority '' ? 
  how many terrorists committed the attack today ? 
  one . 
  terrorism of any kind does n't need there to be a large minority of any group within a targeted country - it does n't need anyone from that group to be within the targeted country if a terrorist can be sneaked in . 
  rotherham was caused by the police being amateurs - this is south yorkshire police we 're talking about here . 
  cologne was an attack on women by predators who would have done the same thing to any group of women in any country . 
  you do n't think there 's any skilled workers within these immigrants ? 
  no doctors , nurses , teachers , police officers , firefighters , paramedics ? 
  so should you also cut down on the male population in sweden ? 
  if you think non-swedes commit most rapes in sweden , then surely to really cut down the numbers you could get rid of most males ? 
  that does n't answer what i was saying - do you think there are no non-muslims who would resort to violence if banned from their own country ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_kunming_attack https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_2013_bachu_unrest https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_hotan_attack https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_tiananmen_square_attack if china was as free as france , the us or the uk do you really think a group who carried out these attacks would n't have been able to carry out more ? 
  where does `` 90 % of terrorist attacks in the last year '' come from ? 
  muslims have been in france since at least the 1920s .
