  yeah , she was a few songs back . 
  i know , i guess they probably thought people would expect food would be involved . 
  are you questioning my mother 's sexual morality ? 
  yeah , it would be nice to see more countries using their own languages , but the rule was relaxed some years ago and since then a lot will use english to appeal to the global audience , who are more likely to know english than dutch or estonian or greek . 
  is russia showing this one ? 
  yeah , it 's like last year with two straight women kissing , although it does fit in with the cheesy , cringey ethos of eurovision i guess . 
  i 'm using http://www.filmon.com/tv/bbc-one myself , it works better for me than iplayer does . 
  yeah , graham norton mentioned that as well . 
  they really love their fire over there in azerbaijan . 
  is ice hockey big in belarus ? 
  they do , though , and this is yet another example . 
  http://www.hoax-slayer.com/subway-removes-ham-bacon-halal.shtml . 
  this is just another example of the daily mail spreading fear and ignorance . 
  http://www.hoax-slayer.com/subway-removes-ham-bacon-halal.shtml . 
  this is just another example of the daily mail spreading fear and ignorance . 
  where are you pulling those bullshit statistics from ? 
  they would use dots and stripes mainly . 
  in german , central europe is mitteleuropa . 
  personally , i think the uk and ireland are both western and northern , and a lot of other countries could fit into two of the regions shown as well . 
  also , a lot of people in places like poland and czechia wo n't be happy to be placed in eastern europe . 
  no , i do n't think it is at all . 
  if anything , atheism and secularism are growing faster than islam anyway . 
  it 's extremists of all kinds who are the problem , not muslims in general . 
  cameron is the most incompetent , putin the most dangerous , although erdogan is a close second . 
  i think it depends on what people put first - nationality or ethnicity . 
  to me , those germans would be russians who were of german ancestry , but like you say , there is a grey area , and maybe they see themselves as german only . 
  they 're german . 
  they might have turkish ancestry , but in terms of nationality and culture ( i assume most third generation turks follow mainstream german culture ) they are germans . 
  i do n't consider white americans to be europeans , especially as most have n't even been to europe before . 
  are you a european living in the us ? 
  i 've never heard of three different types of twilight before , but during the summer , i 've often noticed that it does n't really get dark at night in the same way it does in december or january . 
  geographically and culturally , it is european , yes . 
  it 's european in many other ways too , but those two are the main criteria . 
  there 's less than 10 million jewish americans . 
  i would assume the real reason is because it suits the us to have an ally in the middle east . 
  red = republican and blue = democrat is a fairly recent thing . 
  they 've been a member for a year , not sure why that particular comment moved them to reply . 
  think we can swap sunshine with spain or greece for a year ? 
  we do n't need one , did n't everyone get their independence from us ? 
  might want to correct that typo of yours . 
  do you agree that india had civilisation before colonisation ? 
  and western countries never did anything similar , did they ? 
   giving them civilisation which is something they already had . 
  congratulations to malta !, 
  i 've signed it . 
  legalisation of cannabis decriminalises the user and deprives the dealer . 
  google says it 's an american painting by a frank zuccarelli . 
  the hay wain is a beautiful painting , certainly one of the best of british art . 
  i 'm all for euthanasia , and whilst i 'm not entirely certain that a child can make such a decision rationally , if this allows a terminally ill child to choose to die with dignity and in comfort , to escape the pain and suffering caused by their illness , then it is the right choice to allow it . 
  besides , my concern is nullified by the stipulations of the law . 
  that 's like calling us `` conservative britain '' ( and doing that would probably piss off a lot of people ) . 
  i 'm currently trying to learn norwegian myself , it 's one of the easier languages for native anglophones to speak . 
  i 'm nowhere near my brother , who as well as english can speak spanish and some german , or his spanish girlfriend who can speak seven languages , but hopefully norwegian will one day be my second language . 
  it 's a shame that this is seen as something remarkable , but it also shows you how things have changed in recent decades . 
  there 's a general difference , but not all women are the same and not all men are the same . 
  ok internet tough guy , why do n't you go and try that , then ? 
  so would i. 
  i like the look of the red , yellow and purple ones , personally . 
  i often vote green for the european elections . 
  we do n't have gated communities in my part of the north west of england . 
  it 's not really a generalisation if i have personal experience of them being hard working . 
  admittedly , it 's not a huge group of people . 
  really ? 
  i would have thought the netherlands would be pretty accepting of trans * people . 
  still far better than mccain/palin or romney/ryan would have been . 
  also , after eight years of that lunatic bush , i 'm not surprised the world was so supportive of the democratic candidate , even if the parties are basically the same . 
  as a feminist and a man who is attracted to more modern , feminist women , feminism is supposed to be about giving women a choice . 
  if a woman chooses to be a more traditional woman , that 's fine , it 's when the roles are forced onto women ( and men ) that it becomes a problem . 
  not at all , but what i mean is , is this normal ? 
  democracy only works when people actually give opinions . 
  does that normally happen , all of these people protesting over something they did n't like ? 
  i did n't say she was n't offended at all , i said she did n't seem to be all that offended . 
  plus , she 's not deciding anything , she 's simply stating an opinion . 
  do you think the parliament of your country is going to see her comments and assume that her word is what happens ? 
  '' `` i think it is more a feminist issue . 
  it 's tiresome ( looking at ) a bare-breasted woman when i sit at public dinners with foreign guests . 
  i think it feels a little hard to sit there with men who look at us women , '' social democrat susanne eberstein explained . '', 
  sounds more like a personal opinion than letting swedish culture `` make room for the needs of sensitive minorities '' . 
  besides , you sound pretty sensitive yourself . 
  it survived quite a while this time , did n't it ? 
  i think we should refuse entry to any romanian or bulgarian who has anti-roma views . 
  we have far too many prejudiced little fuckwits of our own to deal with . 
  anyone who uses the words `` islamo-fascist '' or `` feminazi '' seriously should n't be taken seriously . 
  you sound like a child . 
  it 's one politician who does n't even seem all that offended . 
  i seriously doubt you find all swedish women attractive unless you have some sort of fetish for swedish women . 
  i would n't bother , there 's too many idiots on reddit who assume that one feminist saying something means that all feminists agree with them . 
  i think the title here is very misleading . 
  the article says nothing about either muslims or feminists being offended , but rather that one person was concerned about how foreign guests from muslim countries might react to the painting , and one politician whose opinion is that it is a feminist issue . 
  mainstream feminism wants women to have that choice . 
  the whackjob radicals are a tiny minority who unfortunately have very loud voices . 
  i think the english world ale comes from the same root as \u00d6l . 
  97 % in 1:10 , i accidentally pressed slovakia when i meant hungary . 
  a similar number died on september 11th , 1973 , when the cia helped pinochet steal power from the democratically elected allende . 
  personally , i 'm all for it ( in regards to terminally or chronically ill adults ) , as long as there is sufficient regulation to ensure no coercion or abuse of the system . 
  here in the uk there has been a few high profile cases of people trying to win the right to end their own lives , or of people travelling to the dignitas clinic in switzerland . 
  why should n't a terminally ill person of sound mind be allowed to choose to end their suffering ? 
  mm ... national flag * drools *, 
  i like the ukrainian and estonian flags precisely because of their origins - a symbol of the land , coming from the land itself . 
  your linked article says '' it is not unheard of for al-qaeda extremists to claim responsibility for acts of terrorism which are not their own , '' and that the group had no known history .
