reddit in general . 
  when that many rather random people get together in a system that democratically decides which opinion is heard and which is n't , it 's quite difficult for a broad , balanced analyses to form . 
  a = b can be agreed upon , anything beyond that might be mentioned but not remembered or orated by the hive . 
  calling the turks/ottomans europeans * ( even just semi ) * is still a touchy subject i imagine . 
  reddit is currently on a massive anti-turkish spree due to the hivemind really only being able to retain one opinion per nation . 
  i 'm wondering - is turkey 's akp distinctly turkish , more alike to european ` far right ' parties a la fn , pvv , ukip , or similar to the islamic world 's political movements ? 
  i 'm still as conflicted as i was 5 years ago when it comes to how similar the turks are to europeans . 
  islam is a big factor i suppose , but is their recent move towards islam truly rooted in the religion or a similar retreat into national identity that has been going on throughout the european continent ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  when i see turkey i ca n't imagine their geopolitical dilemma . 
  to the east is iran , to the south is the middle eastern clusterfuck , to their north is the russian empire v3 + its sphere in the caucasus . 
  when it comes to integrating into a larger sphere * ( which nearly all nations have been doing the past decade or two ) * i do n't quite see where else they can go but a democratic european union . 
  we 've been telling them to get fucked * ( essentially ) * for quite some time - they ca n't turn east , they ca n't turn south , they can turn north , but do they want to join the eeu ? 
  i can understand the trends in their nation currently . 
   as a neutral  serbian flag [ it checks out . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_serbian%e2%80%93turkish_conflicts ), 
  are europeans going to stop working when russian tanks are parked in their capitals and the new kremlin-aligned governments state that the new income tax is 80 % ? 
  are we going to starve , or keep working , shipping a large portion of the fruits of our labours east ? 
  you can extract a lot of wealth out of europe and ship it to russia to sustain their mediocre standard of living . 
  europe needs one european party with a few leaders to take control of the union and lead it forwards at a rapid pace . 
  i do n't want to be part of the weak shit we call the eu these days , but i 'd love to be part of a european union that is * strong * . 
  that has guts , that has pride , that has vision . 
  there is no more time for exploring or debating . 
  the time to act was 7 years ago , we are 7 years late , we are 7 years behind schedule . 
  any action now , whether right for 99 % or 50 % is superior to our current half-assing method . 
  give me a fucking * european * leader and i 'd vote to give him all the power he 'd need to make real decisions . 
  i hope the majority of the european population will start to share this sentiment . 
  they 'll invade europe before going bankrupt . 
  the fanatical muslim is a european phenomenon . 
  inb4 jeb sanctions turkey in 2016 . 
  meh , it honestly seems like good policy . 
  you do n't want your pm or pres tied up in the courts . 
  if he is pulling some actually bad stuff your democratic representatives can always oust him anyway . 
  * ( no confidence vote ) *, 
   i 'm a frenchman born in england and parents are dutch and finnish found the winner of this thread . 
  the quality of the dutch politician , which is disturbingly low , makes up the majority of the problem . 
  our senators literally do n't do their job , and our representatives think having a vision is pass\u00e9 . 
  we can mess around with the system all we like , it wo n't change the fact that competence and politics seem wholly opposed in our nation . 
  keep it up . 
  mexicans are not muslims , though . 
  you know what a debt cut is , right ? 
  pick a small , insignificant province from your nation . 
  now imagine that province stating that they will steal billions of dollars of your nation s money , and that your nation should bow down to many more of their demands or they will start making deals with hostile powers , serve as a portal for uncontrolled and chaotic immigration , and damage your financial system severely . 
  from what perspective would you have your nation communicate with this rogue province ? 
  one where the nation holds the inferior position , one of equals , or one where the nation towers above the province ? 
  all three allow for mutually beneficial cooperation by the way . 
  * also , do n't fucking equate greece to spain/italy/portugal . 
  that 's a little infuriating . 
  i think this was post # 2 , mon fr\u00e8re . 
  on the very same topic no less . 
  do n't worry , i like the french too . 
  if you are surprised by this , blame your teachers / leaders for not explaining switserland to you , not the swiss . 
  that was settled when koenders took office ... 
  i want to say end of last year . 
  not sure . 
  it was about where in a bit of water the border was between groningen en ostfriesland iirc . 
  i bought one of those ww1 newspapers in england a while back . 
  front page of the day the war broke out : `` dutch arrest belgian military officer . '', 
  * ( along those lines ) * pretty funny . 
  until they tried to annex out territories in the post-war negotiations ofc . 
  * edit : full text / corrections of newspaper article : * wednesday , august 5 , 1914 . 
  war declared on belgium . 
  german army enters her territory ... belgian aviators arrested . 
  amsterdam , tuesday . 
  two belgian aviator officers have descended at roosteren , near roermond ( limburg ) , and have been placed under arrest by dutch frontier guards . 
  - central news . 
  for some important context - general snijders , commander of the dutch military at the time , disliked neutrality and was of the opinion the dutch could by no means resist a german invasion , thus they should declare for germany if push came to shove . 
  i imagine when belgium was invaded , us dutchies were tense as all hell * ( esp . 
  due to limburg 's awkward-as-fuck position between germany and belgium . 
  ) * , so this might 've been some early appeasement to show the germans we were willing to aid their interests within neutrality . 
  you can not into russian . 
  it 's always the americans . 
  as europe becomes more nation-esque it 'll be able to maintain significant external alliances - turkey , even if not a member , can be a valuable ally . 
  i honestly believe poland has become completely intertwined with western/central europe , and is now considered a core part of the west , albeit a bit divergent here and there * ( in fact , i think eastern europe in its entirety is nearing a status of equality ) * . 
  the general population might be lacking here , but amongst the people with actual influence poland * is * ` the west ' . 
  an invasion of poland will mean all of europe * ( excl . 
  the obvious belarus , switserland , finland , sweden ) * gets into war-gear , from the more neutral netherlands/germany to the more hawkish britain/baltics . 
  if not ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'd be utterly disgusted with my nation and continent , and would likely abandon both to find a home elsewhere . 
  war declaration inc. . russians tanks in kiev in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  turkey seems like an extremely useful partner in the fight against home-grown jihadis though . 
  of course in its current state it 's a bit off , but if they swing back towards a more secular state of affairs it 'd ring true again . 
  there is a certain allure to it . 
  i am not immune . 
  simplification is a perverse form of stupidity . 
  great job turkey - being the adult for the europeans quivering in the corner . 
  that honestly seems amazing . 
  being outside without anyone around you - just you and real nature . 
  * ( all ` nature ' in the netherlands is man-made . 
  ) * that does n't happen in the netherlands - people are absolutely everywhere at all times . 
  next time i visit the us , nyc and california can fuck themselves , i 'm going to wyoming . 
  it 's the only type of peoples we get to kill these days . 
  you can say a lot of thing about nuclear weapons , but it sure has made war fucking dull as hell . 
   edit : butthurt brits downvoting me , hilarious !, 
  everyone 's down-voting you . 
  the british have plenty going for them , ranging from their dominance in the financial sector to their military prowess within europe . 
  i 'm all for ripping on our anglo neighbours , lots of stuff around to aim at , but i 'd hardly call them boring . 
  http://www.parliamentlive.tv/event/index/fe9e4868-f7e2-47d8-96c7-50b7f12399de live stream of house of commons - the most entertaining parliament in europe . 
  agreed - anything remotely annoying to a member should n't be printed on our currency , period .
