  i 've never met a person who is n't willing to compromise when our opponents really hear and understand how we feel . 
  trust only begins when we all know exactly were we stand . 
  you ca n't fault their honesty , i 'd rather have these guys heard than a hundred lying idiots claiming openminded bullshit they do n't believe to further an agenda . 
  open people with a strong agenda can always be reasoned with more than those out to decieve , it was that with in england with the church that the more extreme end who came to the table and found middleground with their opposite numbers than we ever mde progress with those fumbling in a dishonest middleground . 
  honesty on both sides without reserve always leads to a quicker compromise or resolution one way or the other than middling bullshit . 
  plus you always respect those with honest viewpoints more . 
  no , you need only disagree with them on the internet . 
  that crust is borderline pornographic . 
  i want one . 
  pizza . 
  this makes me feel safe . 
  do n't worry . 
  by history you 're out closest ally because last time we did n't give a shti until you got invaded . 
  just bloody fuck me , a month . 
  life is n't fair . 
   a 16-year-old gamer from moscow allegedly won a month with a porn actress for being 100,000 th visitor to a website  an experienced actor himself , according to a movie website http://www.kino-teatr.ru , ruslan has been in nearly 20 films and tv series since 2007 , and will appear in three more films coming out this year . 
  yeah no , this is an advert . 
  still a man can dream , a man can dream ... 
  this has taken literally decades to come to light , digusting beyond belief . 
   the ` theatre ' that we have now is fucking embarrassing . 
  i take it that you know absolutely nothing about our parliment and it 's history then ? 
  it is the guardian , also this guy is literally a fucking intern who writes for some shit german magazine thing . 
  the extended barracking is to show their displeasure with how he handled the situation i think . 
  also perhaps to annoy the speaker a bit too . 
  corbyn is so far to the left he makes sanders look like reagan . 
  fair enough , i ca n't stand labour but i just personally think burnham would command a lot more respect and has a lot more credibilith that corbyn , especially how he handled the hillsborough debacle . 
  corbyn does n't have lefty principles so much as he has outright insane marxist principals , he serves as a warning that commitment is n't always a good thing . 
  yes , sorry . 
  fair enough . 
  in the current cabinet or from the major players could you suggest someone better right now ? 
  i thought it was pretty good for on the spot , also this is the house of parliment not jongleurs . 
  sometimes people takes their laughs were they can , also it 's always a bit exagerated , barracking is part of the tradition . 
  it 's about matching wits , either corby should have fired one back at cameron or acknowleged it was funny possibly in a self deprecating fashion then carried on . 
  what you do n't do is look like a lost child to the speaker when you have ambitions to be pm one day . 
  it gets more exagerated to show the displeasure at how he handled it . 
  there 's a great video somewhere of how to handle a bad one , cameron truly fucks up and just genuinely says he 's done and sits back down without saying one more word taking your licks like a man is important . 
  how so ? 
  looking here and mistakenly at the youtube comments i see a lot of people do n't understand the history , traditions and great fun of a good question time . 
  check [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuqhqsfe0yq ) out for some more good commons laughs . 
  basicly to be well received in our parliment you need to be able to take and give shit , which is about the most british thing there is . 
  i will say however bercow whines far too much , the late great betty boothroyd was much better as speaker than he will ever be . 
  also corbyn deals with it very badly , you have to laugh these off or make a joke back , just looking bewildered makes you seem weak . 
  that 's andy burnham , he would make a great leader for the labour party unlike the rest of the clowns . 
  do n't make us stand uncomfortably close to you , in fact we might even strike up a conversation in the street with you ... 
  welcome dude , do n't let the downvotes put you off this is a buried thread with some people who `` support '' this article lurking around and being idiots . 
  nice to have you here . 
  http://www.microsofttranslator.com/bv.aspx?from=&amp;to=en&amp;a=http%3a%2f%2fwww.aftonbladet.se%2fnyheter%2farticle22305329.ab i think that should work . 
  this has to be a joke right ? 
  right ? 
  scottish justice warriors always getting triggered . 
  norway taking drastic action to protect it 's source of baristas . 
  lets be honest here , it 's because most people do n't have a bloody clue what 's going on in cricket . 
  everyone should watch this video and part 2 , it 's interesting and will dispel a lot of myths about what is likely to happen especially regarding trade . 
  also you will see just how bitter and angry some euro leaders are . 
  surprisingly it 's the eu bloke who has to calm them down and remind them of logic at times . 
  bojo was referring to the pms interview this morning were he specifically named nigel . 
  boris said he wo n't be sharing a platform with nigel sadly . 
  merkel . 
  it 's immigrants not refugees . 
  this is fine . 
  i am okay with the events that are currently unfolding . 
  ah us native brits , famed far and wide across sea and land for our love of cutting womens vaginas to pieces . 
  kicked down a `` wellfare '' i 'm not ashamed . 
   there 's $ 300 billion worth of them in circulation sigh ... there 's a lot of people out there having more fun than me . 
  it 's a factually good answer taking a difficult reality into account . 
  london pushing that way beyond reasonable relation to the north or west !, 
  this is an amazing speech in english , i can only imagine how much more impressive it sounds in your native language . 
  agree with the message or not , you have to respect how well this was delivered . 
  as an englishman i doubt cameron could have come close to being so eloquent , i wonder what you think of your own leaders oratory powers compared to this ? 
  those we see , not those we all forget and brush under callous attitudes matter . 
  it 's not just germany , if we all cared about those most in need not ourselves or those we `` deem '' beneath us . 
  if we faced those realities when voting or donating , we 'd probably live in better worlds . 
  instead we thinkg what is easy and most comforting on all sides of the political spectrums . 
  and for that we fail ourselves and all those around us . 
  we are weak failed people and those faliures and our ability to be blind in need cause us to be the kind of people who fail our better selves and those who need our compassion most . 
  we 'll be even bigger without , same trade less cost and regulations . 
  lets be honest here most of the eu does n't even like us , they only want us in because of what we bring . 
  cold hard cash . 
  i 'm a bit late replying but in my defence i was sound asleep . 
  thank you sir . 
  indeed , it 's so much harder to put a `` theme '' or `` look '' to the others . 
  wheras hitler had great speeches actually recorded , all that fashion and the architecture . 
  i agree entirely with quintessential , although as a brit part of me thinks we could still make a comeback as the go to bad guys . 
  this is no joke , swans are fucking evil . 
  can anyone tell me who these people are and what their goals or manifesto is ? 
  also he did have way more style . 
  forget marshall , celebrate the true vision of everything 90 's . 
  [ snow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stlmdncvcjo ), 
  we need to get the fuck out of europe as fast we can . 
  at this point i think the others will be happy for us to go , everybody wins . 
  ladies first . 
  so that 's a no on citing anything confirming that ? 
  if it helps this does n't back anyones argument up , it just shows the bbc is bloody awful . 
  no that 's what he said afterwards , can you clarify in your own words the point he was initially making please ? 
  can you cite something confirming that please ? 
  in the context of the discussion i was having with him it was entirely clear to me and him what i meant when i said that , he said `` natives '' . 
  also please define and cite `` other white '' for me please , it would clear things up immensely . 
  what point was he making in the first place ? 
  i 'd like to see what they mean by `` other white '' , is this like america where they claim hispanics as white . 
  certainly not english people which is what the other guy was really suggesting .
