  even by your own definition is she not `` examining the conflict between genders '' if not can you show me she is n't ? 
  so that means we can have a good holocaust then ? 
  awesome !, 
  could you please break down your post into a series of bulletpoints outlining your argument for me , i must be slow sorry ... 
  do you often have trouble seeing the wood because of all those pesky trees ? 
  there 's a lot of words there , but nothing resembling sense . 
  i can see someone is practiced at third wave feminism . 
  no true feminist . 
  secret conversative . 
  let me guess . 
  jews did 9/11 ? 
  it takes time from the start of something which will effect an economy to start happening , for good or bad . 
  the reaction time from start of event to it 's effect is usually not short term in an economic situation . 
  i.e the growth effects we are seeing now are from actions taken over the past several years coming into play , the effects of more recent actions will take time to show . 
  you say that like a man who has n't seen the eurovision song contest . 
  we suffer plenty !, 
  it 's a shame those people do n't understand the `` lag '' nature of the economy . 
  no one ever speaks out about the cultural appropriation going on with the word slave . 
  `` reddit '' loves christina sommers , she is a second wave feminist aka egalitarian . 
  so i doubt it . 
  of all the places in the world i 'd least expect to find isis supporters i 'd say lithuania would be in my top 10 . 
  because europe has a solution ? 
  war is peace freedom is slavery, 
  at least the quality of impartial reporting has improved for a bit . 
  i sternly oppose the progressive nature of coming the year !, 
  what we need is for the calander to run backwards . 
  [ merry new year to all ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upqknwkbvde ), 
  shocking !, 
  do n't they know the sea has the right to a better life . 
  is there anything we do n't have a massive tax on ? 
  seriously fuck the guardian , nice to see all sides trying to get that political angle into `` science '' though . 
  but surely the might weight of the uk and cameron could ... no wait , i ca n't even type that whole sentance without laughing . 
  well count yourself very lucky to be polish then , but you guys have always had a very different culture to a lot of europe . 
  no , they made a huge issue out of a shirt some scientist was wearing because that kind of childish outrage generates more clicks than discussing a phenomenal human achievment . 
   the asteroid landing was nothing to laugh yet sadly the `` press '' turned it into a bloody farce . 
  holding the wapo up as some bastion of journalistic integrity . 
  hahahahahahah etc. . . 
  i have often said cenorship harms ceativity , considering this article . 
  i retract my statement . 
  they will now , but gay people are really no different than straight other than whom we or they chose to to bone . 
  once things become normal and not special i 'm sure they will be as lackadaisical as the rest of us , it 's just human nature . 
  we 're all no different deep down . 
  i wish i was wrong and that `` gay '' people were in some way different , but pretty much every gay person i know is no different to me other than whom they chose to bone . 
  just right now for the portugese it 's something earnt and new , give it a few generations we 'll all be on equal footing and no better than each other . 
  just a lot of kids who would n't have parents will now have some , that 's an overall plus but they will just get the same level of parenting as the rest of us . 
  that 's okay though , it 's still way better than it was for them , just not the full mile , which sucks a little . 
  every kid deserves a parent who 's 110 % commited and proud . 
  all humans are so very flawed so sadly it wo n't remain this way forever . 
  i wish it was n't so , but people are people . 
  nothing really seperates us deep down . 
  still for now one generation or two can get the love they deserve and that makes me happy , if a little jealous . 
  at least right now because it 's new to them , give it some time and i 'm sure they will be the same uncaring shits everyone elses parents are . 
  it 's just human nature really , no ones really different . 
  just those who 've waited longer tend to treat things better . 
  but hey , make the most of decent parents while we can , god knows most of us wish we 'd have had some . 
  we could have a whole new generation of kids at least in portugal with parents who genuinely love their kids . 
  i could think of no better gift for all our futures than that . 
  it just sucks every child ca n't get such a blesssing , they all deserve it . 
   until somebody is stupid enough to believe him 99 % of out electorate are ( hyperbole ) in truth a large majority , same as in germany with merkel . 
  the only rquality we have in the world is that people are as stupid and ill informed all over . 
  all that matters is what they day not whayt they do , on all side of politics , and that 's what 's truly broken . 
  i 'm shocked to an extent , i thought they 'd allowed this already . 
  honestly these days at least , gay couples do better for the kids because they 've waited longer to earn this . 
  i hope as many kids as possible find some parents who love them . 
  if people really want to secure the future of our peoples , this is how we do it . 
  sucker punch to the side of the head too , they do n't need to be hard to floor most people . 
  i do n't know the first thing about spanish politics but i 'll give the guy some props for taking that like a man . 
  i 'd like them not to be shoehorned through my borders , we ca n't always get what we want . 
  no , no , no ... you 're reading with your fact privileged eyes , this is like the force . 
  extend your feelings , only then truth know . 
  kind of takes the epithet of `` pussy crushing '' into a less amusing light for me now . 
  yes it has , it was on the news yesterday . 
  some scottish mp brought it up and osborne rebuked trump but brushed the petition 's goals as silly . 
  it 's already been `` debated '' so anyone still signing it is stupid and wasting their time . 
  i know it 's gauche to find humour in this , but how disappointed that guy was that the taser did n't work did make me laugh . 
  the finest pg tips money can buy , i swear . 
  we should hold a south korea information and appreciation thread or something , make him feel welcome . 
  to anyone interested the song featured in the video is a terrible pun . 
  parov stelar - [ catrgoove ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxrdywg17pe ), 
  just another evil atheist plot to take the shine off religion . 
  coming from the grauniad though this is fucking rich , i ca n't tell if they are just trolling or out for clicks ... 
  once it simply meant something more innocent , now it 's a politcal buzzword chained more to ideology rather than human betterment . 
  it 's sad but i think all sides have done this with good notions many times over , on all sides overpoliticisation and tribilisation has wrought more harm than good . 
  i remember as a boy up to my twenties being proud of being progessive and wanting people to all be treated equally , now it feels like i 'd have to subscribe to a hundred things i hate to call myself one . 
  it feels like i woke up one morning and everyone had taken two steps without me and i did n't know what i was anymore . 
  it 's the little but ultimately very human gestures like this that almost make me think without all our bloody goverments one day we could live as a european nation ( despite my opposition ) . 
  after all we are only people no different in our basic common values and needs despite our physical or cultural differences . 
  we all love , know loss , joy and pain . 
  our average peoplea have more love and respect for one another outside of politics which at times only seeks to divide us . 
  it 's a pipe dream though , but maybe one day in the future we could all be better people , at least that 's what i want one day for my children . 
  good on you moldova and i encourage everyone to give blood at least once a year or even just once , it 's totally painless and every single country in the world is so very short on stocks and no one should ever have to die due to a lack of something we can share with all at no loss to ourselves . 
  you will save at least one human life guaranteed , that 's a legacy to be proud of no mattter who you are or what politics you hold . 
  thank you , and christ you guys do n't do things by halves do you !, 
  how big is the one on the dam ? 
  the good news is that in 20 years most germans wo n't have guilt about the war . 
  it 's so weird seeing the clothes basicly untouched . 
  or as it 's known in england , the swedish approach . 
  heh , well it was the first place i thought of that would never have tourists ... well that and milton keynes . 
  hull in england is very nice . 
  because fictional parts of sweden do n't have real economies .
