  i think there 's a lot of fear mongering going on and occasionally someone cuts through the crap and reminds the others that england is too big and important in an economic and military sense for them to not cut a good deal with . 
  i saw nothing at all that poses a threat to the uk . 
  take it as a compliment . 
  truly a sign of the end times !, 
   danskj\u00e4vel i had to look that up , i 'm impressed and will now try to bring that into my vocabulary . 
  although as a brit i 'm rather ill equipped to pronounce things properly . 
  thank you . 
  i hope so , he 's certainly seeming more in command than he ever did in our goverment . 
  only 1.13 in yet , most of europe has spilled their spaghetti like no ones business . 
  suddenly we are the `` best friend '' or romantic partner of every single european country according to them . 
  everyone hs been prefacing things with `` this is n't retaliation '' then showing they are salty as fuck and it is retaliation . 
  the french woman barely understands that this is a roleplay exercise and that in this brexit has happened so she needs to stop fucking whining about how it should n't happen . 
  most suprising to me is that spain has been the saltiest bastard so far , whomever she is she really hates us for leaving . 
  oh and denmark wants to try and poach scotland off us in a decade and thinks it will be the new financial capital of europe . 
  i never new you felt this way spain , i always thought we had something . 
  i 'm looking forward to lamont replying , i wonder how honest people can be in these debates though . 
  if they can truly describe the real level of inter country fuckery and pressure we can put on each other to get what we want . 
  this is a lot more entertaining than people might think though , i 'd reccomend everyone give it a go in chunks at least . 
  three and a half hours , do n't expect many replies soon !, 
  oh and i 'm shocked lamont is still alive or relevant . 
  yeah well , [ sweden be crazy . 
  ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2014/12/05/can-vladimir-putin-be-intimidated-by-feminism-sweden/ ), 
  good move , as it 's about to go all yank on this shit . 
  nope / r/shitredditsays / / r/subredditdrama crazy . 
  conragulations denmark , you now have some insane feminist ( whoops tautology ) helping make decisions on defence while russia is laughing it 's arse off at the door . 
  in the words of the yanks , good job . 
  that 's good thankyou . 
  very drunk and in complete agreement , god knows i broke enough laws tonight . 
  but then again i am not padawan to an irishman for that kinda shit . 
  said with respect not judgement i might add . 
  it 's fine , we 're all doctors and engineers . 
   tom reports on domestic and foreign affairs for ibtimes uk . 
  his interests include russia , crime and security . 
  previously tom worked at the bbc and the east london guardian . 
  that 's fair enough , but why would the report use the phrasing `` fake '' and call it alleged if it 's been conclusively proved as false ? 
  is the report `` alleged '' or not ? 
  do you have any proof of these claims ? 
  considering the state of europe does he really need to do anything but sit back and laugh ? 
   allegedly fake report, 
  the kind of parents who would risk their own childrens lives just to get some more benefits are the most digusting people alive . 
  they value the promised land of free money more than the personal saftey of their own childrens lives , they are not compatible with my culture . 
  no actually i was thinking more of the halcyon days of the late 90 's / early 2000 's when things were awesome . 
  i was n't alive during the colonial days how the fuck would i know what they were like ? 
  also no internet , eugh !, 
  it would be nice if the press one day did their jobs and investigated these people , who is organising them and why they are doing it . 
  then report it . 
  of course it would be nice if pigs could fly too . 
  i love the england that was , not the england that is . 
  you know how it is . 
  fucked one kid , fucked them all . 
  and be accused of colonialism ? 
  no chance . 
  we really are competing for doormat of europe . 
  it 's just taking the piss now , at this rate i 'll become a migrant and just be fucking done with this country . 
  [ the french prime minster is worried . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/migration-crisis-can-destroy-europe-says-french-prime-minister-manuel-valls-a6826676.html ), 
  in my area at least they are complaining about the free houses they are given ... 
  while everyone else pays extortionate rent because no one can afford a mortgage anymore . 
  nope , these laws only came into force in 1998 . 
  we were signatories on those before then . 
  `` might have '' is n't going to cut it im afraid . 
  these laws did not apply in england before 1998 , were we in breach of those laws before then ? 
  i agree entirely , my goverment is a disgrace and i 'd have their heads on tower bridge if i had my way . 
  but in russia the supression of information is pretty much maintained at an ingrained level in society , those who are seen as threats or dissidents are removed of supressed . 
  his argument can be seen as valid because of the totalitarian stance the kremlin takes towards secrecy , peoples rights , availibility of information etc. 
  if people in russia get a taste for even a small level of goverment accountability i would be shocked if they did n't actually try to push it a bit further , which is only human nature . 
  whether or not the logic actually applies here , the attitude of the kremlin is tantamout . 
  they will see it that way , they will see it as a sign of weakness and they will accuse the information of being `` ammunition '' against russia 's good name and history for the press . 
  just a note about the 1998 human rights act which brings the echr into the law of britain . 
  basicly it was pushed through by the famously pro-eu blair era of labour and has been a subject of controvery ever since . 
  repeated tory candidates have promised to scrap the bill if they ever got into power . 
  last time around the lib-dems blocked the tories from doing so as part of the joint coallition . 
  [ this time around however something may be done about it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_act_1998#planned_replacement )  in 2014 , the conservative party planned to repeal the act and replace it with a `` british bill of rights '' . 
  [ 51 ]  following the 2015 election win for the conservative party , michael gove , the secretary of state for justice , was charged with implementing the reforms which were previously blocked by the liberal democrats in the coalition government . 
  [ 52 ] the conservative party manifesto said that the new bill will `` break the formal link between british courts and the european court of human rights '' . 
  [ 53 ] this would mean that human rights cases under the ecthr would have to go to a court in strasbourg rather than being able to be tried in the uk . 
  so all things willing we may be rid of these laws , or perhaps we wo n't . 
  or employ one swede to serve coffee for a month . 
  not only do you insult the vast uncounted dead of my own people who died at the hands of your people for your crimes . 
  you then again falsely equate imperialism to nazism based on `` size '' . 
  are you fucking high ? 
  godwins law . 
  also are you suggesting every single society throughout history has specificly targeted the jews ? 
  also what does that have to do with my argument ? 
  i said the uk suceeded on a moral level on par with other cultures at the time , you are citing jewish oppression in 1945 as a counter example . 
  i will point out the uk fought and had millions of it 's people die to protect those jews so you can not claim an even moral playing field for your example . 
  also you are framing imperialism on the same level as nazism which is obviously a fraudulent claim and i have no idea what you mean by `` ultra nationalism '' . 
  i 'm sensing some german guilt for your genocidal ways , please refrain from applying it to my peoples history in a blanket fashion . 
  looks like someone is applying modern morality to a history were no one shared those values . 
  england of the past is no more guilty or innocent of those charges than every other civilisation throughout history . 
  shall we decry the accomplishments or rome or ancient greece next ? 
  how many more crimes are being suppressed , how fucking many ? 
  shame the migrants did n't . 
  it 's nice that you show us some respect , but there 's no need to kneel . 
  immigration crisis in a nutshell :p, 
  go home greece , your keyboard is drunk . 
  indeed , never fails to amuse be that the most `` socialist '' ( i 'm being kind here ) newspaper in britain is only kept afloat by the billion odd pound it plays the stock markets with . 
  i ca n't understand 99 % of what he said , but i really enjoyed that . 
  sweden is * `` that guy '' * in the office , does none of the work but causes all of the problems .
