  but it is n't about me , is it ? 
  if you kept that thought in your heart more often the world would be a better place . 
  you 're still here defending yourself using an unusually specific anti mass immigration poem written in defence of christian nations from muslims as an argument for being pro-eu and you still expect to be taken seriously . 
  i 'm not your parents nor assigned health worker mate , i 'm not here to humour you . 
   were those personal snipes really necessary ? 
  my patience and breath are both resources i am acutely aware of wasting . 
  i extended them further than most . 
  i 'm sorry but you acted like a complete imbecile then expected me to take you seriously and still do about a phenomenally complex situation . 
  try acting like that in real life , god forbid in a job and see if people extend you the level of courtesy i did originally . 
  also this is the internet and what i said was a model of restraint , if you have feel hurt by these mild words in anyway . 
  i suggest you contact your local safe supplier and ask what his larger sizes are . 
  you 're slightly out of context here and oversimplifying . 
  i am talking about comparing the attitudes , morals and general education and awareness of modern peoples to those far in the past . 
  if we are allowed to compare people to the past in the way he is suggesting then you sir are a dirty racist and i demand you be banned . 
  after all americans had slaves in the past and would clearly have slaves again in the future . 
  ( see that 's the kind of logic fallacies he 's dealing in ) . 
  i just dropped out of making a more indepth explanation to him as he 'd already demonstrated a gargantuan dearth of anything resembling common sense , intelligence or education with his yeats blunder et al. 
  you can however make some predictions based on the past i agree though , not enough to brand 700 odd million people are evil warmongers though . 
  also he 's further making the ignorant mistake that `` people '' have any say of who they go to war with , or that we have n't still had tons and tons of wars while the eu has existed . 
  has has no argument , he has feelings and fears . 
   if you can think of something better to compare them to , i 'd love to know what that is . 
  i 've always found who we are today as the best basis for predictions . 
   you happen to be by far the largest nationality on an island . 
  it does n't take much hope to be comfortable with that . 
  some of us are n't so lucky . 
  the world is n't fair and you ca n't legislate it to be , grow up boy . 
  there are a thousand things and more that are n't fair in my life that i can never change but i deal with it and so will you have too . 
  my country is n't going to be fucked over just because you 're `` afraid '' of something you can not predict and is highly unlikely . 
   is there some sort of rule that you can only use quotes to ilustrate precisely the identical point as their original author are you actually slow ... if so i apologise . 
  but if you think you can break out some motherfucking yeats to try and seem more intelligent than you are , only to find out that he was making the actual opposite argument to you . 
  then yes , this harms your argument immensely . 
  it shows you lack the ability to make informed decisions , research and are generally quite dense . 
  at the very least the words you found so `` profound '' when you misunderstood them should give you pause to reflect when you realise you had the meaning completely the opposite . 
  how am i meant to take you or your arguments seriously when you do n't take the time to find out what you are actually saying ? 
  then get it completely wrong . 
  does n't exactly lend much credence to your other `` predictions '' . 
  you can not compare modern societies to the past , do you think our own peoples so savage and hateful ? 
  i have hope in our people , you do not . 
  that and i 've a passing knowlege of the quotes i use so they do n't completely backfire :p are the words of yeats no longer applicable now they no longer fit your narrative ? 
   * and what rough beast , its hour come round at last * the eu falling apart would in no way see the world burn , in fact for many people living in the eu it may see an improvement . 
  oh and this work by yeats may never be more topical for it is about the decline of european civilisation not a `` union '' . 
  edit : oh and for those interested , the line i quoted specifically referrs to the ruling class of europe not protecing it 's people from mass migration . 
  you did not quote wisely . 
  [ seriously , check yourself . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_second_coming_%28poem%29 ), 
  or a dream come true . 
  the press are just recruiting their own replacements at this point . 
  yeah if i even put aside my own personal anti-migrant stance this sets a precedent that may encourage the most and actually vunerable to try this and get hurt now . 
  this sends the wrong message to hopefully all sides of the `` asylum '' issue . 
  not until reality comes crashing down and it 's too late to salvage this shitshow for the rest of us who will suffer for it . 
  then `` they '' will blame everyone but themselves . 
  we both know their idea of conscription will be making people do social work and manual labour to help their newfriends . 
  i thought it was a brand of luxury chocolate . 
  could get them a spot on the new topgear if they ask nicely . 
  could do wonders for the tourism . 
  so your argument against me is to acknowlege your own argument was awful ? 
  it 's a bold move . 
  there is only one troll here , sir . 
  it is not me . 
  so we should n't give sick people medicine in a nazi led society , even if they themselves are n't nazi 's . 
  man all we need to do is get a nazi goverment and mandate jews should be given medicine . 
  hitler was a dunce , his final solution is way more effort than mine . 
  if nazis said give a sick person medicine as a law , would that law be bad ? 
  investors and those playing markets know about time lag too . 
  you do n't get out until you have too . 
  that 's only one , i could source a lot more counter . 
  but that is n't even a counter , the article you are linking is how feminism intersects ( heh ) with philosphy . 
  it is not a definition of feminism . 
  but let us be charitable the very first thing said under the topic of what feminism is says , * `` the term ` feminism ' has many different uses and its meanings are often contested . 
  '' * i 'm not sure your source fufills the criteria of excluding the dictionary and all other accepted definitions just from that line alone . 
  shall we continue ? 
  * `` it is useful to distinguish feminist ideas or beliefs from feminist political movements '' * a premise which is splitting what feminism is from it 's philisophical roots ... 
  i could continue on line by line fruitlessly wasting everyones time , can you please give where in the text you have something to back up the claim the dictionary definitions and other respected sources defining feminism is , and where it states those versions are explicitly wrong and are not considered feminism . 
  that is the bare minimum you have to convey to me to allow christina sommers to be exluded as a feminsm , well that and some evidence showing she does not `` examine the conflict between genders '' . 
  which oddly enough most of her statements appear to do . 
  also again one last time *** `` our goal here is not to survey the history of feminism -- as a set of ideas or as a series of political movements -- but rather is to sketch some of the central uses of the term that are most relevant to those interested in contemporary feminist philosophy '' *** your post history suggests you stufy philosophy , this seems to explain your trouble with facts and that you suffering from the everything looks like a nail phenomenon when trying to cite claims to your argument . 
  if you 're not going to take your own argument seriously , i am going to discontinue extending you a courtesy to which you do n't to yourself . 
  can you provide any respected sources to back up your claim that feminism is completely different to every other majorly sourced claim on it ? 
  i can say the moon is made of cheese if you ignore all those pesky official or sourced definitions . 
  so there we have it the moon is made of cheese . 
  we 're going to mars for salsa . 
  absolutely i do n't sir , how dare you suggest otherwise . 
  his `` logic '' however implies that he does , because he considers ideas to be connected to the source . 
  without a disclaimer by the `` logic '' he employed there could theoretically be a holocaust that is good . 
  because he 's commiting the fallacy of not divorcing ideas from who has them . 
  i.e he said a nazi smoking ban is bad because `` nazi '' , but the exact same proposal from a non nazi would be acceptable despite no difference whatsoever . 
  for someone stating logic 101 in his first sentance that is a laughable assertion . 
  edit : changed `` do '' to `` do n't '' , mistakenly said i support genocide . 
  the dangers of typos !, 
  by what right do you definte feminist as `` examining the conflict between genders '' retroactively applying it to all timeframes and variations of feminism ? 
  also wikipedia and every major dictionary definition disagrees with you . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feminism http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/feminism 2 . 
  calling egalatarianism a `` generic statement '' is awfully presumptuous of you , by what right do you make such an asserstion and even if it 's true why should such a thing be dismissed for having stated and achieveable goals as opposed to `` examining the conflict between genders '' which is a far more meaningless and nebulous statement . 
  not to mention as covered above you are starting from a factually incorrect premise of what feminism is . 
  by what right do you have to definite who and who is n't a feminist , did they vote you grand wizardess or something ? 
  how will you enforce who can call themselves a feminist or not ? 
  you will also have a lot of work to do since your definition of feminism clashes with every other accepted definition of the fact . 
  are you sure you are the one who is n't an actual feminist ? 
  it 's a common mistake . 
  dr sommers seems to fit the official designation far better yet you seem to have changed what a `` feminist '' is to exclude her .
