   london underground ** amongst natives ** . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_groups_in_london 44 % of londoners are white and english . 
  your projection is astounding . 
  the bbc are currently reporting on butter bret hart ariel winters breast 's millenials shaking up the workplace denise getting saucy in eastenders donald trump david beckam getting a cup of tea all on the front page , so i 'd say they 're covering pretty much anything , just nothing of worth . 
  you just keep trying to slide this to make your mistake my fault . 
  i suspect this might be a recurring theme throughout your life . 
  statisticly there are less white people than non-white people . 
  do you statistics ? 
  mother fucker . 
  you 're the one backtracking on what you said , not me . 
  do n't try to shift your failings onto me . 
  make your argument better the first time or live with the consequences , just do n't whine so much when you get called out . 
  wow man , i bet that wins you so many arguments against 8 year olds . 
  it 's not like that where i live , also you did n't choose those places you chose london . 
  too late to backtrack now . 
  also those are often crimes of an alcohol based nature , do those people look drunk to you ? 
  apples are not oranges . 
  statistically if it 's london the odds are against them being white . 
  yeah the people spend all their money on flags to wave and fancy funerals then step over the `` disgusting '' homeless vet who needs help . 
  ca n't they just use patreon like the rest of them . 
  i could just mail them a video of me jerking off . 
  would save everyone 's time . 
  nothing like thousands of white single boys fighting for the rights of coloured men to come and take their women . 
  i 'm sure there 's a word for that fetish , but it escapes me . 
  edit : i remember the fetish now , it 's internet moderation . 
  leave the eu and i promise you will be again , friend . 
  you can trust me , i 'm english ... 
  honestly , i think they would . 
  can we just build a big fucking wall around sweden ? 
  being able to read what is written about you helps protect you from those very things . 
  god no , my money is on india . 
  they have the manpower , the will power and the kind of disregard for human life that propelled the early industrial revolution and the british empire . 
  i 'm a bit drunk so do n't take anything i said as fact , i think it was like 70 or 65 % or something from eu estimates that were actually syrian not north african or generic middle eastern . 
  hell for actual syrians i 'm not that opposed to them finding refuge here , those in actual need or countries my goverment recently bombed the shit out of to make some american oil or arms company rich probably deserve our support . 
  it 's the bullshit freeloaders i 'm against , people from actual refugee camps in or near syria are the ones in need . 
  not the fake dickheads coming in riding a wave of sympathy for them at the expense of those actually in need . 
  i 'd take 1000 actual syrian refugee 's in than a single economic migrant . 
  but we all warned that those coming were n't syrian , oh and those cowardly men who fled and left women and children behind they can stay out too . 
  the women of syria have shown more strength and courage than the majority of their so called `` men '' ever will . 
  as with everything in life , those who deserve respect and help most will be the last if at all to recieve it . 
  while vultures profit . 
   is this common in the english media , to block traffic from sweden when they name/publish suspects ? 
  as an englishman the very thought of a paper on any politcal side behaving this way disgusts me . 
  if the mail has chosen to do this and not been forced it should be fucking banned from being posted anywhere online it can get clicks . 
  by reddit standards i 'm `` right wing '' and it disgusts me . 
  it 's just not cricket to behave this way . 
  the press should be free even if it 's on my side or against me , everyone deserves the fundamental human right to read what is reported about them or about anyone . 
  the guardian is the most left wing paper outside of some communist union publication in the whole of england . 
  it has a massive agenda , i do n't agree with it but they have the right to it . 
  but to suggest they are n't anything but the most extreme left of the major papers is absoulte bullshit . 
  it 's like saying the daily express is a centrist paper ... 
  and the 80 % who are n't syrian ? 
  i was making a eurovision joke , badly . 
  political voting from the swedes i see . 
   `` doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one 's mind simultaneously , and accepting both of them . '', 
  in the eu wargames talks the former polish deputy pm raised this issue and demanded any deals with the uk be poor enough to send a message to dissuade others from doing the same . 
  someone else , possibly the eu representative guy had to point out to him that the eu is a democracy and you ca n't do that sort of thing . 
  but i bet they 'll try . 
  [ said cartoons ] ( https://veuwer.com/i/3l34.jpg ), 
  disgraceful shifing of blame to the greeks who have had the worst to deal with of anyone , and been attacked everytime they try to do something about it . 
  ca n't swim without hands . 
  who is persecuting you and how ? 
  you perpetuate a childish and blinkered view on reality that will bring only death and harm to your own people . 
  you sure you 're not american ? 
  here 's a hint , things are a bit more complicated than that in northern ireland . 
  if we 're number one , seriously i wonder how bad things are in the rest of europe to be honest . 
  we all know the german police would never lie ... 
  fuck you europe , sincerely england . 
  i could really use some of what you 're smoking . 
  the entire goverment stopped talking to each other , shut down and rumours of those in charge being arrested . 
  yeah , just a tiny splinter group . 
  no true ira . 
  so you 're saying i should start bombing ikea to solve the migrant crisis ? 
  sweet . 
  leaving takes time and considering the way the eu is going i do n't think many scots would be too happy about staying in europe when it 's in the state it 's in . 
  also if they do leave they can stop taking our tax money to pay for uni and their healthcare . 
  and people wonder why we want to leave ... 
  no idea , you post one wikipedia link and some people get mighty triggered and defensive . 
  i can confirm this as absolutely true . 
  it very nearly did last year when it turned out the ira was still active and killing people . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/sep/10/northern-ireland-government-on-brink-of-collapse edit : some of you fuckers get easily upset by some facts . 
   that there would be no access for the uk finical sector in the eu because the uk would be a direct competitor they have no way of stopping it though , the financial sector is already here and we would be able to give them more leeway with less regulation from the eu . 
  most other eu countries do not have the benefits we have to attract the finance sector ( english language , proven track record , geographical placement , the fact it 's already here and would cost a lot to move ) . 
  as i said the first half of that talk is complete bullshit from the other countries . 
  they are afraid and are making baseless threats they could n't possibly make good on . 
  yes the exit will hurt the eu countries a lot , i say tough titties . 
  they brought this on themselves and may have to live with it . 
  the uk holds the power in these negotiations not them . 
  i agree entirely . 
  i 'm not irish and if anyone came here posting some some shit about the poor british army in the troubles i 'd probably post those same links . 
  seems to be some fucking love for the ira in this sub though ... 
  i 'm from the north of england so fuck anyone who does . 
  as pointed out by several members , in reality they would have no choice but to give us access , we are a giant economy completely intertwined with theirs . 
  it is physically impossible not to deal with us , as was pointed out to the leery german guy when reminded we are germanys biggest importers of manufacturing and their automotive industry . 
  if they refused to deal with us they would suicide their own economy , outside of the rhetoric and sabre rattling comes cold hard reality . 
  they need our money and trade badly . 
  how preferential the deals are is another matter , but i doubt they would be too harsh . 
  for if they hurt us , they hurt themselves . 
  this is inescapable fact . 
  not the opinion i got , things seems difficult but not that for england .
