  told you so . 
  i certainly would n't want them used as a first resort , but a mob of a thousand men not just rioting but raping women and girls is probably the point were i 'd justify it . 
  i mean 1000 men is battallion or regiment size , if only 100 odd as said were involved in the actual sexual assaults that 's a company in millitary terms . 
  these are n't small numbers and this problem is n't going to suddenly get better , as we know from immigration statistics it 's going to get worse . 
   crime rates are going down ? 
  stop buying the media narrative . 
  you 're as safe as ever . 
  no muslim gang is going to come knocking down your door to kill you . 
  they 've only been here like a month and we already have thousand man rape gangs ...  what do you mean fall that far ? 
  are we living in the same reality ? 
  where is this collapse you seem to be speaking of ? 
  one that is n't inside your safe space of reality , mate . 
  you know when everyone said there would be terorrists attacks and mass rapes and you all called us racists monsters and swore blind it would n't happen . 
  extrapolate from there and stick the results were allah do n't shine . 
   so your solution is n't to fix this by checking and documenting but by forcefully deporting millions of peacefully law abiding muslims citizens ? 
  come on mate . 
  i 'd start with everyone undocumented , see how that goes . 
  if things do n't improve all immigrants in the past 15 years and if that does n't work . 
  then yes i would go further . 
  it 's my ancestors who worked these lands , bled and died for these lands and to give me the rights i now enjoy and i wo n't just let in a staggeringly huge bunch of dicks who wo n't respect my people , culture or civilisation . 
  we bent over far enough to be captain sweden to accomodate these chucklefucks and we 've only suffered for it . 
  there comes a point when you push a good people too far . 
  not to mention we 'd be a hell of a lot further along that road if not for the press suppressing `` wrongthink '' and information . 
  you can really tell when someone discovered halfway through their degree that drawing is really hard . 
  no it 's not pretty , but since we do n't live in an ideal world and there are no perfect solutions i would find this acceptable . 
  it 's not my fault a fucking a huge percentage of these people have n't adapted to my civilisation and culture , it 's theirs . 
  things have and are getting much too far to pussyfoot around , things are reaching the point i feel threatened for myself and for those i care about . 
  when things have been allowed to fall that far it 's never going to be pretty . 
  it may not be at that stage now but it 's guaranteed to end up at that point now , millions upon millions and growing daily are allowed in unchecked and undocumented . 
  i do n't know but i suspect a thousand rampaging men tends to drive the normal people away . 
  if not use your loudspeakers to order peaceful citizens to withdraw , give them some time then turn the cannons on . 
  even having to wait for them to clear is better than just leaving the women in the hands of the mob . 
  also the same logic applies during normal protests such as the ones here in cologne , undoubtably peaceful protestors caught in the mix but the police did not care . 
  so by their own logic they would have no trouble deploying the cannons in this situation . 
   mass deportation of muslims ? 
  is that what you want society to look like ? 
  yes . 
  it 's my fucking country and these people have no fucking place here . 
  the goverment is meant to support and defend it 's countries citizens not everyone else in the entire world at my expense , and i will vote with that in mind . 
  more people feel this way than will ever say it too . 
  lets be honest , men being hurt or dying would n't have done it . 
  you use it to disperse and keep the larger mob away while you send in a team to deal with those still in proximity to the women . 
  we 've already lost , i do n't you can reverse what has been done to britain . 
  not in our lifetime at least . 
  all i 've got left now is my bitterness . 
  the middle eastern countries reputation 's are well deserved , people warned of this then it happened . 
  it could have been prevented . 
  one of us has a reputation for civilisation , the other for genocide . 
  facts  feels . 
  the last time before that we came over you guys were acting a little worse . 
  libs dems have gone full retard with that new tim what 's his face , i supported them when they had paddy . 
  now he was a good man . 
  also outside of the party systems means you do n't stick to just one party you vote either based on manifestos or just to force politicians to compete . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35261359  cologne attacks : 18 asylum seekers among 31 suspects you were saying ? 
  all of them . 
  people should stick to facts not feelings and start voting outside of the party political system and force politicans to compete or deliver to be elected . 
  i also know this will never happen , this is why i drink . 
  i 'm well aware i 'm not `` the better man '' , so it makes this all the more easy . 
  told you so . 
   just because xenophobes are fanning the flames does n't mean we should censor the discussion about the assaults in german cities on new year 's eve seriously guardian , die in a fire . 
  this may be the worst article i have ever read . 
  australians , they have weaponised shitposting . 
  i think the fact those stories remain told after so long would say they are better . 
  the best stories for children always contain a subtext of reality and some fear . 
  kids love that . 
  i was tired of being that much of a dick even for me at that point , i think it was just nice to show people what it 's like to make a reasonable statement regarding race or skin colour and be barraged with endless and unfounded claims of racism . 
  also the fact that a leftist tried to play the `` you ca n't tell them apart '' card when you know if a right or central guy said it they would be torn to peices kinda pissed me off . 
  still i did alright i think , most people could n't tell until `` le dorito face '' . 
  well i hear no true finn would ever willingly move towards a greater number of people . 
  inb4 it 's the locals , ca n't tell if it 's first generation or second , definitely not migrants , it 's the male genders fault . 
  my very eldery neighbours met him through the husbands job , said he was one of the nicest and most ingelligent people they 'd ever met . 
  no i think you 'll find [ racism = predudice + power ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/prejudice_plus_power ) and that sickening right wing bigot is the one with power over these poor middle eastern people . 
  he ca n't even be bothered to tell them apart . 
  [ the lefts racism completely disgusts me . 
  you 're replying with hindsight here , people are talking about the heat of the moment when a huge gang of men are dragging away and groping children and women in front of you . 
  the police had and still have in future events no way of knowing what is going to happen , seeing some of the reports of female reporters of what happens to women in egypt they could easily be about to be gang raped and killed . 
  if you had a daughter out on those streets what would you want the police to do ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zvm66/more_complaints_of_mass_sexual_assault_on_new/cyprwwn?context=3 he said `` we '' ca n't tell the difference . 
  also now you ca n't either , i 'm sorry is this a / pol / or stormfront brigade ? 
  you people need to get out of your 1950 's white eutopia and come join the modern world . 
  i 'm sure your friends at stormfront completely agree . 
  there is no `` we '' sir when you spew your racism , do n't include the rest of us in your ignorance . 
  it 's animals like you making the rest of us seem like our values are 300 years in the past . 
  this is n't the bloody crusades . 
  well how do you feel about such a statement that all middle eastern people look the same ? 
  sorry i 'm not engaging with racists , please come back to talk once you lose your sickening regressive views and realise it 's 2016 . 
  * `` all black people look the same to me '' * - progressives , current year . 
  saying `` brown '' people all look alike is massively racist and in no way a justification for what you 're claiming . 
  i do n't know what world you live in but i guess you 've never met anyone from the middle east in real life . 
  your racism digusts me . 
  people eat chocolate eggs and take a day off work . 
  not very religious . 
  i do n't think hydration is really the problem in the english scholastic system . 
  it 's really not old chap . 
  in england we are as religious as the italians are chaste . 
  lent is n't a holiday for religious reasons really , it 's a historical holiday . 
  shh you , the great moral crusaders of our time know your country better than you do !, 
  yeah well , we have scunthorpe . 
  thank you , i 've been working on it for well over 30 years now . 
  i suspect you 're a faster learner though .
