i bow to your superior intellect , on the grave issue of sweden 's feelings . 
  right now i 'd say my biggest problem with sweden is that you clearly have no sense of humour . 
  in the migrants defence , i can not for the life of me imagine any sane person being happy in modern sweden . 
  destroying our best comics and oppressing women , fucking retcons ... 
  i guess the old saying is true for muslims . 
  you rape what you sew . 
  those bombs were just escaping a warzone looking to start new lives in england , how dare the bbc shame them and xenophobically declare them a danger . 
  looks like she 's counterbalancing the weight of the camera in that picture . 
  i 'll give you that one , well played ,, 
  speaking as a proud englishman , with empire and history on my side i can honestly say it 's way more than 30 % ... 
  that 's it bbc get in an unrealted anecdote to make everyone against immigration seem like crazy racists , continue your unbiased and proffessional reporting on my license fee . 
  i 'm sure you 're all hoping you might have some dead children to propagandise tomorrow . 
  happy independance day bulgaria . 
  i visted your country when i was young in the early 90 's and you were all really nice . 
  had a big fucker drop on my neck either from the ceiling or my robe the other day . 
  fucking shit myself i did , not sure it was one of these though . 
  maybe all those american redditors who are calling everyone worried about the migrant crisis racists should petition their own goverment to take more in . 
  better still why do n't they start a kickstarter to bring them over to live in their own homes since everyone who does n't do that is a massive evil right wing racist . 
  ukip far right ? 
  we have bojo on his way to be pm , now that 's a special relationship i 'd like to see . 
  by doing so in an entirely legal manner and following the rule of law . 
  he said `` nice '' though . 
  that should have read `` once great empire '' and `` now americas bitch '' also eughhhhhhhhh god do i feel like death . 
  me too , it 's the only sex life i have . 
  you 're all thinking they 've got it wrong here , we all know swedens true war is on reality . 
  the one in a galaxy long long ago , vote sheev make the republic great again !, 
  that or i probably meant `` once '' , but alas too late now . 
  what was one is now all for * naught * . 
  as it turns out , not quite yet enough . 
  i have my pride as a northerner to maintain . 
  but yes , i may have partaken of everything my cultural identity as northern scum entails , as is tradition . 
  we tried to stop being the yankee 's bitch , turns out they did n't like that . 
  the one great empire is not simply america 's side bitch . 
  no , but i like to think we can all chip in and offfer our support . 
  it 's the right thing to do to support our allies , makes up for our perfidious past . 
  ah but i have a cunning plan , we withdraw from the eu then wholeheatedly support every single motion the swedish goverment suggests . 
  i 'd rather [ colonise ] ( https://gfycat.com/oilyillfatedanemone ) them . 
  an empire on which the poon never sets . 
  this is true , mostly for your accented redheads though . 
  it 's the real reason we invaded in the first place . 
  come on , he even looks like a potato . 
  you know you want it :p, 
  quite simply we ca n't , we tried and failed and it made things worse . 
  it 's time to make half of them happy give up the charade and let you guys have a crack at it . 
  either that or both the uk and ireland can jointly vote to kick the fuckers out of both our countries , make them a whole new one for themselves and build a big fucking trump style wall on both sides and check back in a hundred years to see if they 've figured it out or killed each other off . 
  at this point it feels like a custody hearing over the ugly kid neither of us wants . 
  let 's be honest here , british politicans have never once in our existence fixed a single mess they 've created . 
  it 's like asking michael j fox to open a shook up can of coke . 
  what if we invade the yanks again and give [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lhmtv7p.jpg ) in way of apology ? 
  we 'll even burn the whitehouse down again . 
  it 's like putting a mangy dog down at this point , it 's not pleasant but it 's the moral thing to do . 
  and i 'm totally okay with that . 
  you can do it serbia !, 
  literally taller than a lot of / r9k / posters . 
  fuck it , i completely support them having a vote . 
  i just wish they could have a peaceful one without intimidation . 
  hell just let ireland have northern island , at the end of the day whichever goverment of cunts ours or theirs wo n't change a damn thing in their day to day lives or whom they themselves feel as . 
  the hatred there has been stirred and created from such a pointless and meaningless place it 's not going to go away for hundreds or more years . 
  it 's way beyond goverment now and people should just accept that , let ireland have n.i , give all who want it dual citizenship and take away one of the biggest artificial reasons for people who are `` brothers '' and communities to hate one another . 
  still i guess that would take away the power and control that gives the cunts pushing all this so deep down it 's the last thing those people want even if it 's what they shout loudest about . 
  holy shit this is insane and somehow amazing . 
  i must admit however i am incredibly triggered by how she says parliment . 
  yeah i do n't think it 's the russian mind control machine at work here , at least on me . 
  in fact if russia does want to destabilise the west right now all they need to do is report actual facts our media wo n't . 
  which is a damning indictment of our countries in and of itself . 
  i approve entirely . 
  fair weather friends indeed . 
  if this keeps up you wo n't be worthy to be our sworn enemies frenchy !, 
  your smug mockery of our diet is one of our favourite things about our inter-channel banter . 
  also prague is just beautiful . 
  just wait until a tv station tries to hold out . 
  it 's best never to ask the americans anything . 
  i guess they really are integrating . 
  thank you , the sentiment is appreciated far more than any gold . 
  white men you mean . 
   enlighten me no one has that much free time on their hands . 
  you forgot the patriarchy . 
  a little , while i dislike the german goverment on quite a few levels i think it 's perhaps a bit tasteless . 
  [ is this really the best picture they could get ? 
  no , people should not change the title period . 
  this solves having a constant and never ending debate on every single article posted on what amounts to `` editoralising '' or not . 
  it 's just a title , no need to go crusading against it because you do n't like it , as far as i can tell the title is completely accurate and describes the advice from the police to women in osterund to not go outdoors unaccompanied . 
  thoes rules mean the `` poster '' can not change the title to editorialise them . 
  hence why people have to use the original title from the article . 
  would you please take your xenophobia and hatred based on nationality to another forum , you 're nazi esque and problematic hatred disgusts and offends me . 
  no it 's not . 
  i do love some beautiful south especially old red eyes is back , great choice . 
  just the russians , internet moderators and feminists holding that candle . 
  uk : an unending and hope destroying grey , from the sky to the buildings down to dirty grey pavement with a never ending drizzle of rain . 
  you are indeed the biggest number 2s of them all . 
  i 'd happily let the gays and christians in , they are fleeing genuine persecution from their own people . 
  the rest of them i 'd send straight back . 
  `` prime minister '' , something no one will ever call corbyn . 
  also the pig fucker thing is literally the oldest smear/joke in politics , it did n't really happen . 
  if it helps i think dave is a cunt though , all politicians are . 
  sliding scale though ... 
  in england we call it jeremy corbyn . 
  if anything this should get spain on our side . 
  indeed , we all come from very different backgrounds and cultures . 
  knowing exactly our strongest feelings on the issues lets us all draw an honest baseline to compromise from .
