   could have ended the war years ago ... and we would have had another lybia , which turned out great . 
  like it or not , the best option for syria is assad . 
  the alternative is a failed state producing nothing but refugees for generations to come . 
  under assad , syria sucked , but it sucked infinite amounts less than it does today . 
  cue the mating call of jeff from the savanna . 
  there is a bunch of fools in this thread . 
  do you also cover your face while in a bank ? 
  do you find that acceptable ? 
  if i had one political wish , i would use it to increase esa 's budget . 
  6 rapes is 7 too many . 
  a country in the perpetual state of emergency is a truly democratic one . 
  holy shit , i must admit i had the wrong definition of bigotry . 
  i thought it was essentially the same as racism . 
  `` being anti-islamic and being against religious extremism ... very different things . '', 
  i disagree with this . 
  as per the definition of bigotry , disliking them are essentially the same . 
  i am essentially a bigot against racist because i am intolerant of those opinions and those opinions differ from me . 
  `` bigotry '' is a bad word in my opinion . 
  can you tell me what is bigoted about being openly against a lifestyle choice ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  sticks and stones can break my bones , but words can never hurt me . 
  i was taught this in 4th grade . 
  we have fought tooth and nail for over 1000 years to diminish the church 's power over public life . 
  allowing islam to get a foothold in europe was an absolutely terrible mistake . 
  now we have to deal with another religion vying for public influence . 
  but this time , this religion has access to modern day technology . 
  haha !, 
  holy shit , never thought of that before . 
  that was a good analogy , i will be using that myself !, 
  cheers !, 
  you guys are welcome to pack your shit and leave . 
  go back to the east where it seems permissible to beat your kids . 
  you know the full saying right ? 
  `` one bad apple spoils the barrel . '', 
  is this comment real or is this satire ? 
  holy shit , i knew norway sold a bit of weapons , but this is genuinely disappointing ... 
  thanks for the source !, 
  not what i said either . 
  good , let the eu die . 
  estiii can into spaaace !!!!, 
  wait ... 
  hang on ... that is n't how the saying goes ... 
  i hope the italian company that is doing the job and getting the protection pays the italian army . 
  pretty fucking lame that italian taxpayers foot the bill for a company to make profits . 
  haha , suck it sweden !, 
  is this the deal that saudi arabia is too `` poor '' to contribute to ? 
  no , not scared of the dark . 
  but as an atheist , i have everything to fear from islam . 
  exactly , and fearing islam is not irrational . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't think there should be any limits on freedom of speech . 
  is n't it better to let these people say what they want , publicly , so that we know exactly who they are and what they stand for ? 
  [ ocho macho - j\u00f3 nekem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0hlv6szawm ) i have no idea what he actually sings , but it is so beautiful . 
  yeah fuck that . 
  i wouldnt mind a union with finland and denmark , but noway would i want sweden to join . 
  dude , do you wan na get a good old fashion viking raid going ? 
  denmark and norway , we head over to sweden and grab all the hot chicks and sane people !, 
  i 've never understood people who were against this . 
  essentially they think it is better for a child to grow up bouncing from foster home to foster home or spending their life in an orphanage , than it is for the child to grow up with two loving and caring same-sex parents ... baffles me . 
  i would pick a loving home with same-sex parents over an orphanage any day of the week . 
  i\u00e6m not one to cheer for americans , but damn that was savage . 
  he definitively won that altercation . 
  no doubt a curated internet access to their voting block . 
  what happens saturday ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  did you seriously just say that `` they don \u00b4 t really need to . 
  oooh , in that case carry on . 
  no problem here then . 
  it is precisely for this reason that i find feminists in norway hilarious . 
  you better fucking believe it !, 
  i remember back when the swine flu was all the hype , hospital infections actually significantly dropped here in norway , since everyone ( nurses , doctors and even visitors ) were extremely careful to disinfect their hands etc. 
  well , god is a bit of a dick then . 
  i feel really smug reading this comment , 
  oh , in that case , carry on as usual !, 
  why are people so hell bent on having dual citizenship ? 
  it honestly reeks of having your cake and eating it too . 
  pick a damn place and stick with it , do n't go passport shopping . 
  for what ? 
  well , he is n't exactly wrong . 
  i fail to see how migrants are needed here in norway . 
  and i also fail to see what benefit they bring once they do come . 
  i am , however , open for a well thought out counter-argument . 
  honestly , they seem like pouty little children . 
  ok , as much as i hate you , that was actually kinda funny . 
   we are better from an underdog position . 
  i agree , sweden is better at bending over and being pounded by a group of 11 foreign males . 
  masquerading as a swede is one of the gravest law breaking offenses in the kingdom of norway, 
  was this a real problem back in the 90s ? 
  could you tell me a bit about it , i know barely anything about russia in the 90s . 
  perhaps the abuser should be held accountable for her death . 
  seeing as s/he caused it . 
  lol, 
  perhaps , by the time it happens , europe will have a backbone and stop them . 
  we should n't hate each other , we should hate the swedes together !, 
  mods , how is this off topic ? 
  i sure hope so . 
  i am all for an integrated europe . 
  but i am against the sovereignty loss that comes with the eu . 
  huh ? 
  amen !,
