  i do that sometimes . 
  ok , calm down here . 
  regardless of title , this argument is getting out of hand . 
  please refrain from any more needlessly argumentative posts , or i will have to use that banhammer i have on my sidebar . 
  tech help thread for this stuff . 
  all of my stations have a self-propelled robotic adapter module for this exact reason . 
  you mean describe it ? 
  from top down , small docking port , cube probe controller , nuclear generator , asas with 4 rcs thrusters , rcs tank , and then a full-sized port . 
  i 'll usually just launch it on top of the first module to save trips . 
  it 's very handy , both as a tug and an adapter . 
  you really need to visit austin , texas sometime . 
  most immersion breaking spell in the game . 
  this was exceedingly well done !, 
  saves trouble for a burial , i guess . 
  i 'm almost certain they provided some inspiration to ksp . 
  it all depends on playstyle . 
  some like no help , some take all they can get . 
  whatever works for you , run with it !, 
  nice . 
  i miss the old low clouds . 
  that you all for standing up and enforcing the rules . 
  it makes a huge difference . 
  as jackoman said , it 's just as easy as stacking the parts as i listed them , and sticking them on a rocket . 
  struts between the probe and asas if you want . 
  no real point in a . craft for something so small . 
  do you have the journal entry `` hasphat antabolis gave me notes on the sixth house to deliver to caius cosades . '', 
  try typing in, 
  journal , `` a1_2_antabolisinformant '' , 15, 
  into the console . 
  how much tnt was used to make the canyon ? 
  or , he could just eva a guy out who has fuel , that guy could take jeb 's ship back , and jeb could ride home with the rescue crew . 
  this is all assuming op learned something , yes . 
  i 've got a massive interplanetary transport docked together , but i still dread interplanetary flight . 
  easily possible . 
  i think what i dread most is the possibility of stranding my 36 kerbal colony ship in deep space . 
  ... and , upon docking , it tore itself to pieces . 
  back to the drawing board , perhaps with fewer , but bigger , girders . 
  i have no idea why you did this , but i like it . 
  this must happen . 
  oh , this is over kerbin . 
  the ship is still being built . 
  but yeah ... 
  i just remade it with two large girder segments . 
  much better now . 
  so many orange tank/nerva drives ? 
  5 orange tanks with 4 nervas each . 
  it 's that way because it 's a long trip and that 's not even half the payload on yet . 
  i would actually like this . 
  spam heatshields ? 
  technically , i do n't doubt that . 
  i 'm just human , have limited patience , and just raising the orbit 100km was a 10 minute process as is . 
  and there 's no point relaunching all 5 now . 
  just as long as squad does n't add potion-making . 
  yep . 
  survival world , and the only enchanted tool i have is diamond pick with silk touch . 
  i love the thing . 
  just a theory , but as with other crazy things , it could literally be an eye of magnus . 
  vigilants were around before dawnguard . 
  better question : if the dragonborn tried to claim the throne , would anyone stop him/her ? 
  * imperial fist-bump *, 
  can you give more detailed instructions as to how to do this ? 
  yes , you may !, 
  nope , all still free/unlimited . 
  yes . 
  it 's a design/flight challenge , not a grind-for-resources challenge . 
  munar landing is probably the easier of the two . 
  blast it folks , how am i supposed to tell you to put it in the help thread if you fix it before i get here =p, 
  i have to say , this is an improvement . 
  new feature , perhaps ? 
  imagine what earth 's like ... 
  if by `` good money '' you mean $ 300-400 usd , then ebay sometimes has the collector 's edition . 
  if you 're really lucky , i found $ 250 once after a year of waiting for one inside my budget . 
  it feels so good ... 
  the full collector 's edition ? 
  yes . 
  i 've never seen the figure by itself , but throwing a number like $ 100 does n't seem unreasonable at all . 
  it should be interesting . 
  i actually rather like the guy after he set me up with sweet deals at arrille 's . 
  i like this . 
  a permanently raining/snowing area would be nice . 
  or summon snow in a jungle !, 
  try manually searching for all `` morrowind '' , `` constuction set '' , and `` bethesda '' folders on your computer and deleting them . 
  yes . 
  check the wiki page , as it contains the needed console codes . 
  yes . 
  oh , with the rate of info coming out about cube word ... it 'd be something . 
  my vivec build appreciates this . 
  very nice !, 
  i 'm making a much bigger thing for dres , so it 's nice to see how other people do it !, 
  it also takes about half the time , if you care about that . 
  it 's on the front page ; he 's sure to see now !, 
  yep . 
  more options !, 
  erm , i suggest you not do that . 
  the monochrome does give it a certain feel . 
  but , it 's yours , so ... 
  you should have seen those damn fish in morrowind ... 
  nope . 
  not in the game . 
  i wish i could do this .
