  there 's a beta version of tac out and it works perfectly, 
  is it with stuff that 's enchanted ? 
  if anyone gets unrestricted access to something with a grinder and cutting torch , they 'll get it . 
  well , it 's not an overlay problem , which means you 're probably just missing textures for certain items . 
  which is why your system might work . 
  started as svi\u00fejod in 769 . 
  non-stop subjugation of sweden before subjugating denmark and fabricating a claim on naumadal . 
  from there , it was pretty much constant conquest wars on finnish chiefs to get ma , then reform , switch primary , and make the kingdom of the fylkirate . 
  after that , i nabbed a bit of de-jure saxony from some polish count , invited and landed a claimant , then took a break to launch a conquest against 7 irish counties in one go , which i then gave to my second son . 
  after raiding the pope and north africa , i had enough money to make some kingdoms : finland , which i gave away ( thus giving independence ) as i plan to make it a vassal suomenusko theocracy , norway , and ireland . 
  that gave me the prestige to make the empire of the fylkirate , after which i gave the kingdom of ireland to my second son and norway to halfdan yngling . 
  then i pressed my vassal 's claim on saxony , which got me that as a vassal kingdom . 
  also , mods , any chance fylkirate flair could be added ? 
  fylkirate 's unique , it 's designed to be held by the player , similar to a caliphate . 
  it 's a bit unusual to have it as a primary , as you 're usually at least a king before reforming the faith . 
  i deliberately held off on making a kingdom until i had the religion reformed . 
  who did you start as ? 
  i always go for elective , simply because i like choosing my heir . 
  elective gavelkind is surprisingly not that bad . 
  i want this . 
  we canceled school over half an inch . 
  i 'm assuming warren = war , fam = famine ? 
  what does the mod consist of ? 
  any . esp files go in `` data files '' , as do most folders . 
  ok , that has 3 folders : icons , meshes , and textures . 
  place these folders ( not just the contents of them , the whole folders ) in the data files section . 
  ~ ~ burn the heretic scum ~ ~ well , whatever works for you . 
  `` the runway went uphill both ways !, 
  and was coated in ice !, 
  pa , you 're a genius ! '', 
  not really . 
  there is no `` technology to make life on mars sustainable '' . 
  making a sustainable colony requires many different things , technologies , disciplines , etc , working together , almost all of which already exist . 
  we already have a space station that does much of this . 
  even if they were to make something much easier , like finding an incredibly easy method for extracting materials from mars rocks , they could patent that particular method , but they could not say `` only we can process mars rocks '' . 
  they can patent ways to make it easier for themselves , but they ca n't stop anyone finding slightly different methods . 
  that 's odd . 
  i 'll look into it a bit when i get a chance . 
  ... dude , why ? 
  ok , i can see that . 
  if russia was selling nukes , the us would buy them in a heartbeat . 
  how the hell does one effectively fly the ho 229 ? 
  i know it can be done , but i have no clue how it works well . 
  you have n't been able to give kingdom titles to theocracies or republics for a good while . 
  i 'm pretty sure they can create it themselves . 
  additionally , if you personally hold the county of jerusalem , you can grant the kingdom title to a feudal lord and then grant the kingdom independence . 
  then , if you get a claimant to the kingdom in your court , you can land them with a temple in jerusalem , then give them the county , then press their claim . 
  they become king , their capital is a temple = theocracy . 
  i 'd just give out the duchies , though . 
   and there 'll be opportunities to incorporate some visiting critters into your fort on a more permanent basis ( most likely mercenaries/adventurers ) . 
  i am way too excited for this . 
  no , it just makes him landless . 
  no clue . 
  not if you 're christian . 
  if you 're an emperor , far better to make the antipope first and press his claim on the papacy . 
  assuming the pre-travel activities ( laundry + drinking and eating ) take an equivalent amount of time , both gamers are on the surface of earth , both gamers travel on the surface of the earth , both gamers are traveling toward each other , and both gamers ignore any terrain obstacles , national boundaries , oceans , or ice caps potentially impeding them , they have a maximum of 12450.5 miles of travel between each other . 
  gamer b wakes up and covers 220 miles before gamer a wakes up and begins traveling . 
  it will take them 152.88125 hours to cover the remaining 12230.5 miles between them , with collision occurring at a maximum of 158.38125 hours after the waking of gamer b. 
  while gamer a did his or her damn laundry prior to leaving the house for a few days , he or she also let gamer b cover 220 miles while their ass was in bed , thus making gamer a the lazier bastard . 
  no , it does not . 
  it 's a problem when it 's on a path to interfere with his and your stability . 
  personally , i ca n't imagine how losing that much gambling is n't a threat to that . 
  yeah , you do . 
  he may have money now , but that can change . 
  rapidly . 
  i think you misunderstood it . 
  my question is about if the reforming ruler is himself a duke - in that case , the religious head ca n't be his vassal . 
  the question is , would he be mine ( i 'm the duke 's liege . 
  i think what i may do is simply backup the save file ( ironman ) and just try it . 
  i 'll report back . 
  yeah , that 's actually the plan with all pagan religions . 
  do the [ progress m-34 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/progress_m-34 ) , only replace the progress with a fist . 
  favorite youtuber ? 
  [ magz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/magzgtv/videos ) . 
  i really want a recipe for these too . 
   rith the woodworker . 
  run , dude . 
  every time i plan to get another fort started , it 's waiting for you . 
  then toady drops the next release . 
  i 'm torn between wanting the latest version and not being able to go without the starter pack . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  rith was the vampire mayor of roomcarnage , recently slain in a bridge `` mishap '' . 
  so , cathedral to myself ? 
  i could go with this . 
  i think it 's actually just an edit to a text file . 
  what triggers this ? 
  sorry i took so long to comment , but that is fantastic !, 
  more roomcarnage !, 
  and damn , what a pickle it 's in . 
  seconding / u/thipp , i live in the far southern part of the us . 
  i can count on my hands the number of times i remember us having so much as a dusting of snow . 
  we have n't had 3-4 inches in my lifetime . 
  no one knows how to drive in it ; we 'd get maybe a day every year or two to learn how . 
  the cities ca n't salt the road or get the snow off ; it 's cheaper and easier to shut everything down every time it snows than to be prepared for it . 
  the one in austin is n't bad at all . 
  i think the muslims need to call jihads too . 
  cage trap , display her in dining room ? 
  if i recall , non-dwarf nobles ca n't issue mandates , so it might be nice to keep her around . 
  you 're amazing and awesome . 
  what do you mean by winning the cold war ?
