  crew manifest is a lifesaver . 
  patience is your friend . 
  or a tiny probe and nervas . 
  or ion engines . 
  i never could bother to join them . 
  mainly because never forgave them for trying to kill my morrowind character . 
  your second link is also to the summerset isles section . 
  i think giants are an entirely separate situation , possibly from atmora . 
  [ source ] ( http://lagbt.wiwiland.net/wikibiblio/images/4/4c/obscure_talos-king-atmora.jpg ) . 
  i recall this being an mk drawing , though if anyone can contradict that , go ahead . 
  doing your job . 
  but that 's * cheating * ... 
  let 's be honest , who would go * to * atmora , especially ? 
  it does n't make sense , and the giants do n't seem to have much in common with the other [ goblin-ken ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:goblin-ken ) , which no source i can find lists them as . 
  i would n't argue that it 's main draw is nostalgia . 
  i 've introduced a few people to the game , some went on to enjoy it . 
  it 's different , there are a lot of fetch quests , but perhaps if only due to a lack of a comparable modern game , it still has good appeal . 
  not so different in real life , actually ... 
  it 's awesome !, 
  then good luck elsewhere , and enjoy your ban . 
  cool !, 
  only downside is that it may have a higher part count then my entire station ... 
  just bodies . 
  after so long , i ca n't stand the modded hair/heads . 
  i recognize so many characters by faces now , i ca n't change . 
  no , there 's not , at least not that i can do . 
  putting in the code , which i barely know any of , deciding what , if any , rules to have , ect . 
  is just not something that 's in the timeframe or skill level to be reasonably done . 
  beats me . 
  i have n't stared at any topless cats lately . 
  it 's awesome . 
  i 'm facepalming over never thinking to make a soyuz like that before . 
  any chance for a . craft to play with ? 
  or just some more screenshots ? 
  back in my day , we landed * on * the winglets =p, 
  ok . by the way , you put a space in front of i.imgur.com and messed up the link . 
  edit : looks very good !, 
  i may steal this . 
  can we see this on default graphics ? 
  possibly the fact that i turn land details way down because framerate . 
  ok , obvious question , but why are the bosmer so ... poorly endowed ? 
  no , for the full set of 10 , i 've got a set of five orange tanks and 20 nervas for that part . 
  someone was being a jerk , calling it a crappy subreddit , etc , and yes , it got removed . 
  i may . 
  thank you for what has really become a must-have mod !, 
  easter eggs are gererally defined as something that would not be expected to occur on a planet , such as objects not part of the terrain scatters , sagan 's face in the ground , etc. 
  it happens to me too . 
  sorry , i have no idea . 
  w7 and vista both have that issue , it seems . 
  if you do this , would it be possible to just play in one age , without going between them ? 
  how about taking mobs through the time machine ? 
  i 'm loving the idea of a glacier castle with my primitive testificate subjects . 
  dinosaurs and transplanted prehistoric plants in the gardens ... this is looking to be very awesome . 
  thank you for the response !, 
  possibly not . 
  i 'm vegetarian irl and i just keep the habit in minecraft . 
  ... those are .17 parts !, 
  i 'm rather curious as to how they got the in the new version . 
  they were good parts . 
  there should be a slider that pops up , allowing you to select . 
  last i checked , it actually does n't change much of the main quest itself . 
  it may be just fine . 
  sore spot , right there . 
  true . 
  this is a cool novelty . 
  i like it . 
  tech help thread for this , guys . 
  i think the deal is that wollibeebee alters the terrain of bloodmoon , not update the graphics . 
  the richard nixon of tamriel . 
  you assassinate her for the db . 
  vampirism technically renders a person `` dead '' . 
  what type of speaker setup do you have ? 
  try without the earbuds . 
  it 's very possibly an issue with the connection . 
  * oh , when will we ever learn ? 
  * oh , when will we ever learn ? 
  possibly , you could use the eva pack to cancel forward velocity , do maybe one aerobraking pass , and get back to a stable , if very elliptical , orbit . 
  easier that way . 
  you done goofed there . 
  * shhh . 
  it 's ok . we 're here for you . 
  `` ksp is a game where the players create and manage their own space program . 
  build spacecraft , fly them , and try to help the kerbals to fulfill their ultimate mission of conquering space . '', 
  screw it , speedboats . 
  forgiven . 
  hey , some of us still use invedit . 
  test worlds , were they ? 
  best reasoning ever . 
  for future reference , images which serve no purpose other than to display a penis ( or other `` private '' areas ) will be considered on a * very * fine line . 
  please bear this in mind . 
  so , let me propose this scenario : large group of battlemages fireballs a large swath of black marsh . 
  hist are trees , no matter how you put it , and a province wide inferno could do a * lot * of damage . 
  have a source for all of those ? 
  a fire of that scale would itself bake away a ton of humidity . 
  and [ the seed ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:the_seed ) , while not totally accurate by any means , does give an account of hist being harmed by mundane methods . 
  i just do content mods , and my game is still amazing . 
  the mind makes what the textures do n't . 
  i may have something i can scan for you . 
  give me a day or so . 
  actually , message me if i forget after 24 hours .
