  nevermind , you said somewhere else you do n't handle that . 
  if you can wait until tuesday , i think , you could go to the [ college houses ] ( http://collegehouses.org/about/contact/ ) office and ask who we use . 
  we 're another group of student co-ops . 
  i 'm going to parrot what / u/admiralshark said in a previous thread : you make this game what it should be . 
  this is going to be amazing for landing horizontal base elements . 
  i can actually see myself using this for a lot more than karibou . 
  i too , am looking forward to this . 
  sand would being in entity form while falling , so it does n't displace water until it settles . 
  same !, 
  kurt also introduced me to it , same version too . 
  took my arado 234c-3 out today . 
  dropped my 3 500kg bombs on the left tank column from about 4km up , and skordijhl flew right under them less than a second before impact . 
  scared the heck out of both of us . 
  [ not quite ] ( http://wiki.kerbalspaceprogram.com/wiki/list_of_easter_eggs#kerbals ), 
  how did you get theocracies to hold so much territory ? 
  if i recall , it was n't costs , but because the airframe and some other components had simply accumulated so many flying hours that they ca n't feasibly keep it safe to fly . 
  you can also use kerbalmaps.com, 
  yes . 
  i had one in a republic ; you can imagine how that worked out . 
  she murdered everyone , and left me with no heir . 
  i 'm almost certain that only the top title in a republic is subject to the election . 
  once you form the empire , venice is no longer subject to patrician elections , only the empire title . 
  you 'll even keep venice if you lose . 
  scott manley posted a video about the death of his father , who was incredibly influential to him . 
  only thing i can say that has n't already been said : on berlin , you get an airspawn , and as such are in a uniquely good position to take out enemy bombers . 
  fly directly at the enemy bomber spawn and pump the b-17s full of lead . 
  protip : if you do damage to a wing , continue focusing on that wing . 
  most bombers deal terribly with asymmetrical wing damage . 
  have you ever looked at any of the student co-ops near campus ? 
  icc and college houses ( i live in a ch house ) are both close , include meals , and fit your price , although you 'd share a bathroom with at least 1 other person , depending on where you stayed . 
  in the college houses co-ops you do 4 hours of work around the house every week in addition to paying rent ( the labor czar makes sure it works with your schedule ) . 
  the work is almost entirely either cooking meals ( we serve 17 per week ) or cleaning the house , with a few other miscellaneous jobs to be done . 
  cuts down a huge amount on costs , plus you get a built-in community . 
  each house also schedules educational events and parties ( totally optional , but fun ) . 
  the best part is the way it 's run : you share ownership of it , so anything you want changed , done , or if you want the house to buy or improve something , just take it to one of the meetings , which each house holds at least two of per week ( you 're only required to attend one per month ) . 
  pm me with any questions !, 
  i love where i live now , and i 'd be happy to talk about it . 
  all of this is about the c-3 model ( i assume most posts will be ; it 's got the guns ) :, 
  once the bombs are dropped , i fly it as a pure energy fighter . 
  against my favorite ( and most common ) enemies , early american jets , i 've noticed that it 's slightly slower , turns worse , but climbs noticeably better and can outrun most enemies if it 's in a climb . 
  best tactic i 've found for 1v1 matches against those enemies is to nose up into a 10 degree climb , where you 're faster , and open up about 2km , all the while gaining altitude on them . 
  keep speed at at least 450km/h . 
  once you get that distance , loop up and over them . 
  if they continue on , dive after them . 
  if they go vertical , delay the dive until they 've stalled , and go into a spiral climb if they get too close for comfort . 
  when they do stall , you have a short window to sweep down and open up on them . 
  against any sort of fighter , i do n't ever turnfight . 
  it does n't end well . 
  on every map with remotely good visibility , the first thing i do spawning in is fly in a gentle climb in the direction of the enemy bomber spawn . 
  immediately begin playing spot the dot and home in for a head-on on any that you see . 
  if you have a perfect angle , go for the cockpit to get pilot-snipes , but if you 're at all uncertain , i find going for wing roots and engines to be reliable hits with real potential for starting fires . 
  if you do n't bring a bomber down in the first pass , loop up and dive down again , never getting within a kilometer unless you 're on a dive run . 
  gunners kill . 
  if you 've done damage to a wing , keep targeting that one until the bomber goes down . 
  bombers deal terribly with uneven wing damage , and i 've killed more than one by causing them to flip into a dive and break their wings . 
  do you have a link to more info about that ? 
  i live at college houses if you want to pm me questions about it !, 
  tom scott does a good job explaining the problems with it here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gagp7nxdklu&amp;index=5&amp;list=pl96c35un7xgldenhuhd7ctzes3kxfnwm0, 
  are there any plans to add earlier start dates ? 
  it would be neat to see things earlier in the lore . 
  nice work !, 
  after going and binge-reading this entire aar two days ago , you convinced me to grab hoi on the halloween sale as well . 
  i do !, 
  the whole pack was on sale . 
  just to clear something up : you lose subjugation during reformation , not conquest . 
  and if you 're in the middle of a subjugation war when you reform , you still get to finish the war . 
   ( and , at least on pc , a bethesda game has never been as technically malformed and broken as those two games were . ), 
  daggerfall at launch might have something to say about that . 
  our lord arado still gets quite competitive matchmaking , and is really fun to fly . 
  conveniently , they have 584 living dynasty members , so they are struggling with decadence . 
  a revolt is looking likely ... 
  thanks for the help , but i actually found a workable way to do it !, 
  ( edited it into the op ) . 
  there 's always jan mayen . 
  the blue represents the colorado river , the yellow triangle mansfield dam , and the star the capitol building . 
  the green was there in part because of the surrounding landscape , partly because the town tries to be `` green '' and eco-friendly , and partly because i could n't find much else to go with the blue . 
  take a look at a mod called ancient religions reborn . 
  [ deviantart link ] ( http://leksotiger.deviantart.com/art/the-southeast-of-vvardenfell-304743746 ), 
  please link to the artist 's page when possible . 
  i currently live at the taos co-op ( it 's also part of college houses , same as pearl ) . 
  / u/rhinomittens did a great job explaining it , but if you have any other questions , feel free to pm me . 
  those numbers are with the army disbanded from day 1 . 
  i managed to get it up to .7 per day by totally cutting the budget , but i still ca n't afford a factory . 
  i just embarked in an area that has a large variety of crops to brew , so i was thinking about setting up a tavern . 
  if i do , will the visitors that get drinks/food or rent rooms actually pay for them ? 
  and is there anything specific to do to make the whole thing work ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  in the united states i mostly hear it called saigon . 
  granted , most of the time it comes up is when i 'm talking to vietnamese people that left to get away from the communists , so that undoubtedly has a part . 
  fancy seeing you here !, 
  say it is n't so ... 
  \\* first * complete * playthrough . 
  the game was rather interesting . 
  new zealand 's a calm enough place to start , but it 's a desperate race to become a secondary power to start colonizing . 
  particularly helpful is grabbing the eastern half of new guinea for the population , though getting to the northern part before the europeans is a slim chance at best . 
  i had to win a colonial race with the netherlands first , and almost lost . 
  in the pacific , the usa and japan fucked with my plans a bit , by grabbing hawaii and kiribati , and micronesia respectively . 
  i did manage to colonize the other hawaiian islands , though . 
  transvaal was conquered after i saw that they had no allies , no army due to rebels , and i had military access via britain . 
  they had 3 precious metal provinces which really boosted the economy .
