  what about dwarves who are `` interested '' by fine furniture rather than feeling pleasure from it ? 
   quote from : smjjames, 
   in a similar line of questions , what emotion is behind the ` stumbles around obliviously ' ( which happens to be a fast blinking light cyan exclaimation mark ) ? 
  i thought maybe it was like the ` thousand mile stare ' or something , but i 'm probably wrong . 
  the cyan and green were just interpersonal vs. solitary good emotions , though really there 'll be some circumstances that cause the lines to blur . 
  the actual power of the emotion in terms of eustress or distress is based on the emotion and its numeric strength , where the emotion is determined by the personality + circumstance . 
  every circumstance has a base numeric strength , which can depend on things like how well you know somebody , but are mostly just numbers . 
  the personality takes the emotion and can raise or decrease the numeric strength , so that a not-so-cheerful dwarf that should be feeling jovial-50 as a baseline might only feel jovial-20 . 
  overall , one dwarf might feel pleasure-50 at seeing a door , while another might feel interest-20 , based on their personality facets and values . 
  interest is a level-one eustress emotion , so the dwarf gets a 20/8 = 2 eustress bonus each step , while pleasure is a level-two eustress emotion , so the dwarf gets a 20/4 = 5 eustress bonus each step ( the levels one to four correspond to a divisor of 8 , 4 , 2 and 1 ) . 
  things like anguish are level-four distress emotions , so anguish-75 would add 75/1 = 75 distress points each step . 
  several of the emotions are neutral , and do n't effect the stress level . 
  they only add their eustress/distress value while their sentence is bright in the paragraph -- the gray ones are just for informational purposes . 
  the numeric portion of the emotion is invisible ... it seemed clutterful to add intensifiers all over the paragraph . 
  the eustress/distress levels of the emotions are pretty arbitary , but align more or less with the seriousness of the word . 
  i think i mentioned in a previous fotf that we 'd be starting with this stress stuff , but the idea would be to have more secondary effects and behaviors from the emotions later . 
  we have the temporary breakdowns , some running away and so on , but there 's a lot more to be done . 
  the new temporary states like oblivious or depressed ( and the old tantrums ) are governed by relative anxiety , depression and anger propensities . 
  the permanent states are governed in the same way ( which has been the case ) . 
  tell me more . 
  yeah , aside from the last one , i do n't quite see this getting deleted . 
  that last one though ... damn ... 
  ok , i have to ask : is the bus kept in running condition , or must it stay where you parked it ? 
  do you have a particular preference toward using me-109 rather than bf ? 
  i 'd be interested to hear why , if so . 
  this is going to be more general advice , not just for jets , but i would talisman a plane that you really like flying . 
  t4 prop , vampire , venom , whatever , the grind is going to go by much faster if you enjoy flying the matches . 
  if this is the beginning for upgradeable buildings , i am never upgrading anything . 
  this looks awesome . 
  i really wish they would open that up for modding , at least . 
  no argument there . 
  i have yet to talisman anything for the same reason . 
  my favorite plane by far is the 109 g-2 , but i 'd rather talisman something at t4 or 5 . 
  done . 
  i 'm about to post the new thread for this week , post this there . 
  he 's the first person to survived a spacecraft malfunction that killed another one of the crew . 
  [ soyuz 7k - & no. 39 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soyuz_7k-t_no.39 ) had it 's carrier rocket break up , but the crew pulled a successful abort and all survived . 
  ok , one thing about capping airfields in maps like malta , that was my first hb ( wow , been a while ) mistake : you ca n't land on an airfield to cap it . 
  only your ai ground forces can do that . 
  good to hear . 
  i love the idea , and the way everyone is discussing it is amazing to see as well . 
   i mean come on , who really gives a damn about the br of a 262 and crap like that . 
  well , as someone who started warthunder in large part to fly the me-262 ... me ? 
  why is that ? 
  ok , thanks for explaining !, 
  give it 300 years or so . 
  yep . 
  best you can probably do stock is simply landing ore containers . 
  obviously it wo n't work in ironman , but other than that , fine . 
  i do n't think we do . 
  it never does load fine , and re-running it does n't do anything . 
  nope , no mods . 
  just a fresh install of the game + dlc . 
  how does one disable the dlcs ? 
  yeah , that 's wo n't work . 
  ca n't even get to the launcher before the crash . 
  thanks , though . 
  i bought a lenovo y510p a while back . 
  it 's worked great for me . 
  that 's amazing that you took them in . 
  3 more kids , especially at those ages ? 
  you 're some kind of hero . 
  kaiserreich = empire, 
  does it simply not work in atmospheres ? 
  american teams are notorious for having lower quality players , on average , than other nations . 
  usually this is attributed to the us having the most famous planes of wwii , and newer/more casual players being drawn to it . 
  this is also reflected by the us having far more players than the other nations . 
  morrowind . 
  no matter how long i 'm gone , always come back . 
  just getting mgso set up today , and it looks gorgeous . 
  i actually forgot about raiding prestige , but that would help a lot . 
   and immediately begin stealing everything that 's not bolted to the floor . 
  has anyone made a wrench mod yet ? 
  no idea . 
  i usually do just that , because it is a fairly unstable game . 
  you can try installing over your current setup ; i have done that before . 
  do n't recall if you can uninstall or not . 
  biggest advice : back up your whole morrowind install folder . 
  it 's a quick step , and it can save you a lot of grief if you break something . 
  silt strider calls from morrowind . 
  i 've been wondering if that 's a viable way to capture an ash ghoul in my house . 
  command it over , then damage strength , speed , and magicka down to 0 . 
  i was still trying to become fylkir while charlie was on a tear through saxony . 
  well , the real reason is that any child of the pope gets a claim on the papacy . 
  anyone with a claim is considered an antipope . 
  i think some sort of magically-enhanced brass . 
  probably under communism . 
  sure , the system sucked in the end , but the flags are great . 
  * `` you are bold . 
  i honor your independence . 
  you are one to teach the gods their limits . 
  i hope the bards will praise the glory of your death in song . 
  dagoth ur was a great character , and i think the final , civil conversation you get with him is one of the high points of morrowind as a game, 
  it 's never to late to go back and finish . 
  well , there certainly is a quest log , in the form of the journal . 
  if you get the goty edition , tribunal made it a lot nicer . 
  ca n't change the combat system , though . 
  i do n't mind at all , but that 's totally up to taste . 
  i will grind an arado solely to use this skin . 
  i do n't care if i unlock it next july .
