  cut speed . 
  ok . we 're slowed down . 
  level , level ... ohmygod , ohmygod , slowly , slowly ... 
  yes !, 
  landed ! '', 
  that feeling lasted a long time . 
  it would be . 
  i wish flags came earlier . 
  i first landed so long ago we had to use winglets as legs . 
  [ this site ] ( http://treepuncher.com/ ) has very cheap server hosting , for a small ( by player count ) server . 
  i 've used them before , and they 're very nice . 
  i 'll echo what tr0ut said and say that there is plenty of room for more hands , and plenty of tutorials available to get you started . 
  i started doing interior work recently , and it 's amazing to be able to be a part of this . 
  very good !, 
  i 'm assuming , since you deliberately avoid any head-on shots of yagrum , that a dwemer spider stood in for his chair ? 
  done . 
  that 's the funny part of all of this . 
  it 's been over ten years to get to where we are now . 
  it may well be many more to finish . 
  but there 's this persistent insanity that we * will * finish , and i firmly believe it . 
  this will get done . 
  it 's balanced with the rest of the game . 
  if you 're a god in vvardenfell , you 're a god in tr . 
  the upside is that you can explore it just as readily . 
  interesting , though i do have a few criticisms . 
  the heavy reliance on images , especially for naming towns , is very off-putting . 
  it 's hard to tell what city in a given country has a particular street . 
  the effect is good . 
  it 's fairly apparent , but it also showcases an ability to effectively find a way around it . 
  again , excellent work !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ciudad_real_central_airport ), 
  `` damn it , jiub , get your shit together ! '', 
  i 've muttered/screamed this more often than i would like to admit . 
  tamriel rebuilt should have come with a file called bsareg.exe . 
  did you run that ? 
  no , that 's normal . 
  magic items slowly recharge , though a soul gem can be used to do it as well , i think . 
  as do i , the dedication is amazing . 
  and if the province mods and openmw have anything to say about it , we 're not going anywhere for a very long time . 
  yeah , i think the separate post was better . 
  this is more suited to problems with the game engine or mods . 
  yay !, 
  a budding morrowind modeler !, 
  anyway , moving on . 
  while some people here may certainly know their way around modding * very * well , the best place to ask is [ this section ] ( http://forums.bethsoft.com/forum/11-construction-set-morrowind/ ) of the official forums . 
  they help with all technical aspects of modding , not just the cs , and are very nice and helpful , as well as simply having more people devoting time to these types of things . 
  allow me to also take this opportunity to suggest that if you find yourself enjoying modeling , to do some work for the province mods ( tamriel rebuilt , province : cyrodiil , skyrim : home of the nords , etc ) . 
  they 're always looking for people who can do that kind of thing . 
  it is . 
  judge accepted guilty pleas he made for lesser offenses , but he was found not guilty of aiding the enemy . 
  the aiding the enemy charge is more important because it could have set a precedent for prosecuting journalists who release this information . 
  now they can breathe ( a little ) easier . 
  no problem !, 
  if you 're really interested , i 'd start by working with tamriel rebuilt . 
  i started doing interiors over there , and i love the setup . 
  they have a thread for models they need done , and it 's structured enough for a beginner to get help easily and know what needs doing . 
  the other nice part is that other projects tend to allow accepted tr modders to work with them without providing more demonstrations ( i.e. 
  i 'm an interior maker for tr . 
  i could go to province : cyrodiil , show them i 'm accepted at tr , and then be allowed to do work for them ) . 
  actually uses the old models . 
  am i correct in saying that 's a unique tileset ? 
  i love what 's being done here . 
  it 's really amazing to see so much still being made for such an amazing game , and at such high quality . 
  question : if i , a tr interior modder , wanted to do interior work for s : hotn , do i need to submit another showcase over there , or could i give a link to an approved showcase at tr ? 
  how does joining multiple teams work ? 
  on the showcase forum , or elsewhere ? 
  someday , the jerall and velothi mountains will meet , and p : c , s : hotn , and tr are finally going to meet up . 
  i really ca n't wait !, 
  ... and done . 
  i 'm really looking forward to helping make things happen . 
  i think it 's nice . 
  a way for us oldies to at least see the roots of the game . 
  no , i meant old players . 
  it 's nice to see things again . 
  though , having it there , hidden , for new ones is great too . 
  fair , i can certainly see that . 
  and god did n't like it . 
  unfortunately , it does n't seem that the morrowind map is the original color version . 
  this one appears to be sepia like the rest . 
  too divided . 
  yes , it `` pops '' now , but there is a lot of white space . 
  i honestly liked the boxed theme better because it was much easier to use and read . 
  regarding the submission buttons , simply `` submit a [ link/text post ] would be much nicer . 
  not a huge fan of the color choices ; there is just so much blue . 
  it 's making cyrodiil . 
  you know what you need to do now . 
  this is going to be amazing !, 
  this may turn out to be my favorite city . 
  go for it !, 
  given that the province mods have been posting updates here lately , how would folks feel about a post this next week for all the major projects to talk a bit about themselves , show off a bit , etc ? 
  there are a ton of crazy-good cities and wilderness areas . 
  i love that about tr : the ability to make everything so well and fit seamlessly together . 
  not itself a dumb question . 
  regardless of the answer , people asking that type of question are those who get us places . 
  basically , they used an astoundingly imperfect ticket vendor . 
  if i recall correctly , the flood escaped from containment in labs . 
  the ecosystems were to hold species that the forerunners collected and sheltered on the rings to reintroduce after the rings fired . 
  several people have voiced concern that the new cosmos is more cinematic that the original . 
  have you ever been concerned that this more hyped approach runs the risk of detracting from the loveable approachability of the series that sagan portrayed so well ? 
  tech help thread for this , please .
