  what happens if you leave kerbol 's soi ? 
  how does the game handle friction ? 
  if i touch a perfectly smooth surface at very high speed ( read : try to land horizontally on surface of the sun ) , what happens ? 
  mk has stated that the dwemer became the golden skin of numidium when they tapped the power of the heart of lorkhan during the battle at red mountain . 
  is it possible that by destroying the heart , the nerevarine freed the dwemer ? 
  many times , [ the loveletter from the fifth era ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/loveletter-fifth-era-true-purpose-tamriel ) has been mentioned on this subreddit . 
  it is possibly the most incomprehensible piece of lore , surpassing even the 36 sermons . 
  it 's high time the bright minds of r/teslore put this under a microscope and see what we can figure out . 
  m'aiq the lair has always fascinated me . 
  here we have an in-game character providing kirkbride-worthy hints about aspects of morrowind 's ( and oblivion and skyrim 's ) cut features and other oddities . 
  if chim is essentially a piece of the godhead achieving lucidity in the `` dream '' that is tes , is m'aiq the godhead 's avatar getting a kick out of trolling the player , or possibly encouraging the player to understand chim , so as to become part of the godhead ? 
  this past week , i was dozing off in math class . 
  i would be staring at my desk , when my textbook would fade into a piece of parchment , or a copy of the 36 sermons of vivec , or a midget dragon . 
  when this happened , i thought `` this is interesting , i 'm dreaming . 
  i 'll look up from my desk and see where i am '' at which point i would wake up , with the desk considerably closer to my face than before . 
  is this a start to being able to ld ? 
  whenever i get two ships close to each other ( ~ 150 meters ) , the game start to lag horribly . 
  these are not large ships , either . 
  i 'm fairly certain that it happens when the other ship is close enough to be `` off the rails '' and having its physics fully simulated . 
  any fixes ? 
  in [ this text ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/fight-one-eating-birth-dagon ) , alduin asks dagon :, 
   `` you stupid little f * cker , do you even know what would happen if that happened , my dying and being unable to eat and the kalpa left to run forever ? '', 
  alduin is dead at the hands of the dragonborn . 
  in theory , this kalpa will never end . 
  in addition to this , each kalpa contains five eras . 
  by the time of skyrim , we are in the fifth of the five ( dawn era , and the first , second , third , and fourth eras ) . 
  the fourth era should be the last in the kalpa . 
  well , [ it 's not ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/loveletter-fifth-era-true-purpose-tamriel ) . 
  thoughts ? 
  a few weeks ago , i was thinking about classes for next year , and looked at anatomy and physiology . 
  i found some of the things that are done in that class utterly despicable . 
  vivisections , live and often lethal chemical experimentation on small fish , etc. 
  outraged as i am , i 'm trying to be mature about this ( i.e. 
  no slipping ricin in the teacher 's coffee . 
  prison at age 15 is not the way to go . ) . 
  i think the best chance i have at stopping this is to present the teacher with affordable , humane alternatives to the current activities , and i was wondering if any of you might know where to start . 
  i 'll start : i 'm 15 , and get most of my news from the * cbs evening news * and the daily paper , not the internet . 
  it occurs to me that if `` reality '' is the dream of the godhead , and reality is contained within kalpas , might each kalpa just be a new dream ? 
  alduin could very well be an analogy to a circadian rhythm , waking the godhead up every morning , thus ending each kalpa , and allowing the next to form the following night . 
  disclaimer : i 'm a 15 year old guy who lives under a rock , so eli5 if possible . 
  i 've noticed more girls doing this as i 've gotten to high school , and i 've never understood the point . 
  it just seems to leave the sharp stubs behind , and it does n't look any more attractive ( to me , at least ) . 
  currently , i have an army made entirely of 46 rhodok crossbowmen . 
  my battle tactic consists if holding ground and letting the enemy march into a rain of bolts ; i am consistently able to beat swadian and nord armies twice my size with this . 
  it also works for taking a castle : just stand back , shoot , withdraw , and repeat . 
  how could i improve the army ? 
  long story short : something 's wrong with my sky . 
  at dawn and dusk , it will be a blinding white halo above the ground , with everything else dark grey . 
  night is just a gray scale dome in the sky . 
  day is okay , but everything else is crap . 
  basically , what i am looking for is something that implements a skyrim-style crafting system to morrowind , with armorer as the governing skill . 
  if there is not one out there , is there significant interest in one being created ? 
  our precious login servers being back up , here 's a huge thank you to tobias mollstam for getting them back online . 
  his work is some of the most under appreciated of anyone 's at mojang , and he really deserves some credit . 
  thanks again !, 
  a `` mass relay '' device is , as shown in [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-txn5zbekpy#t=2m26s ) , capable or sending a kerbal from low kerbin orbit into kerbol orbit very easily . 
  from there , what are your thoughts on the possibility of using a kerbal 's eva pack to maneuver to , and land on , a low gravity body like the asteroid-like moon of eve ? 
  i am helping arwa take over the sarranids . 
  i have taken all of their holdings , which include all original sarranid lands . 
  however , i have not yet `` won '' the war . 
  if it matters , i had sultan hakim prisoner when i took their last castle . 
  this is a possible mod we could make for tes iii : morrowind . 
  the entire mod would take place in the city of vivec , which for the purposes of the mod , would be in its own area , much like mournhold is in tribunal , and would be bigger than it appears in morrowind ( at most by a factor of 2x , due to constraints in the cs ) . 
  the mod would take place in 1e 2920 , just prior to the assassination of the emperor reman iii at the hands of the morag tong and the truce ending the four-score war between the empire and the dunmer . 
  this setting would allow the player to experience tribunal-led morrowind at the height of its power , before the awakening of dagoth ur . 
  additionally , by constraining the mod to one city , we minimize the possibility of biting off more than we can chew and winding up with the bloated carcass of a project we ca n't finish . 
  thoughts ? 
  i 've heard of this mod , and just wanted to get some thoughts before downloading . 
  mainly , i just want to be able to tame creatures with the pet_exotic tag in the raws without changing them all to pet . 
  in the [ third verse ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:36_lessons_of_vivec,_sermon_3 ) of the 36 sermons of vivec , a dwemer responds to vivec 's speech on love with the statement :, 
  `` we dwemer are only aspirants to this that the velothi have . 
  they shall be our doom in this and the eight known worlds , nirn , lhkan , rkhet , thendr , kynrt , akhat , mhara and jhunal . '', 
  ( nirn , lorkhan , arkay , stendarr , kynareth , akatosh , mara , and julianos ), 
  what significance does this group of eight hold ? 
  the [ dwemer orrery ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/file:ob_orrery_planet_names.jpg ) clearly shows knowledge of the existence and position of two others , zenithar and dibella . 
  it 's not a set of anuic deities , if the presence of lorkhan says anything . 
  any ideas ? 
  as of today , 1/3 of the front page consists of posts relating to the overhaul , and related tech help . 
  this is n't necessarily bad , seeing as this is one of the better places for morrowind advice , but it does bring up the fact that we are seeing less content related to playing the game . 
  what i 'd like to propose are some ideas to spice things up :, 
  * weekly challenges - each week , a new challenge would be given . 
  not necessarily something like `` beat x quest '' , rather something like `` steal a gondolier 's helmet without killing the gondolier '' or something like that . 
  a possibility is that everyone who completes it gets custom flair . 
  / r/kerbalspaceprogram has a similar thing , and it seems like it could work here . 
  * creative contests - each week or so , collect the best pictures/songs/stories made by the community and put them in a showcase for everyone to vote on . 
  * mod contests - every so often , give a starting point for a mod , be it a category ( `` house mod '' ) , or a part of the game to expand on ( `` create a backstory for arlowe and the banhammer '' ) , and give people a certain , relatively short , time period to make a related mod . 
  this might be less of a competition , and hopefully give some new guys a chance to get their feet wet . 
  what do you folks think ? 
  certainly all of the ideas can be changed , and i 'll be happy to help implement any that gain traction . 
  the basic idea is that every week , a new thread would be started , titled something like `` week of ( date a - date b ) tech help thread '' . 
  any tech questions ( `` overhaul 's not working '' , `` how do i get this mod to work ? 
  '' , etc ) would be posted as replies to the thread as opposed to new topics on the front page . 
  this allows us to continue providing help to those who ca n't find it elsewhere , but without taking up as much space on the front page . 
  assuming everyone does n't hate the idea , expect a test run starting saturday . 
  several important changes are coming to / r/morrowind in the next few hours :, 
  as of tomorrow , all tech help posts will be banned . 
  instead , a `` week of 10/20-10 / 27 tech help thread '' will be posted , and all questions should be posted as replies to this thread . 
  this will keep all help in one place , making it easier to find and free up the front page . 
  however , this is dependent upon other readers checking the thread and offering help . 
  please do your fellow users the service of checking this page regularly .
