  i pointed to him , then myself , and nodded up the road , saying `` come , i take you . '', 
  he got what i was saying , and we walked down the road . 
  it was n't fast , but even needing his cane , the man did a respectable job keeping up , even why we got to the sunny parts next to the interstate . 
  we got a few funny looks from passing drivers , pale teenage kid and foreigner that we were . 
  he tried to apologize in very broken english , things like `` i sorry for slow , thank you sir . '', 
  i kept smiling , saying things like `` sometimes long is good . '', 
  the man was constantly looking nervously happy , and i did my best to be friendly with the simple phrases we could use . 
  it was about a quarter of a mile , perhaps , and we made it in twenty minutes or so . 
  as we turned into the parking lot , i pointed at the sign , and his smile got bigger . 
  when we finally got to the front door , i pointed at the sign on the door and his notebook , showing him the match . 
  he half shook my hand , half embraced me , saying `` thank you , sir . 
  very thank you ! '', 
  i smiled , said `` thank _ you _ for the walk '' , and cut across the creekbed to my house to call my parents for a ride to school . 
  i never saw the man again , but i still think about him when i need something to smile over . 
  my god , yes . 
  just make them into a third trilogy . 
  do it well , and take my money . 
  so if it 's solid ... if you get above it , can you * land * on the ui ? 
  this should happen before you fix this . 
  i worked in a daycare last semester and saw more considerate behavior than this . 
  i may have to delete it . 
  the ship is over 1000 parts put together , and i can barely pilot a module in to dock . 
  thanks !, 
  a lot of it is the increased attack speed , which is great . 
  the other part is the roleplaying . 
  if i 'm a thief , it feels much more right to go stab-y with a dagger that bash someone with a claymore . 
  i play with vanilla graphics , and i do n't mind . 
  i can see a better draw distance being good , though . 
  to see if he/she could get away with it when they get back . 
  responsibly ? 
  probably by allowing more regional autonomy , increasing concern for human welfare , and not crushing open dissent . 
  responsible simply runs the risk of the cpc losing power . 
  here 's a question : by nature of the situation , can any large-scale internal north korean conflict * stay * internal ? 
  i love it !, 
  well written , no obvious mistakes . 
  the dialogue sounds very in-character , and the details are good . 
  any plans to write similar pieces ? 
  do n't think a specific system needs to be in place , just the information needs to be there . 
  perhaps , but i think part of the appeal is allowing writers the freedom to choose their own titles . 
  the issue here is that as long as federal law is still on the prohibition side , employers still have solid legal grounds for firing based on marijuana use . 
  carved out of trees ? 
  anyone ever tried to rescue a friend ? 
  try to replicate something from morrowind , i think . 
  you could use [ this idea ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/1c7tdf/how_to_set_up_a_kind_of_pseudomultiplayer_in_ksp/ ) to setup a constantly accessed public save . 
  no need to redownload . 
  a stock only rule would be nice for it , though . 
  please take a good look at the sidebar . 
  a list has been composed that is linked there . 
  now ... why is this done ? 
  / r/morrowind, 
  p : c is [ province : cyrodiil ] ( http://provincecyrodiil.project-tamriel.com/ ) . 
  note , the site just moved and stuff is a bit discombobulated at the moment . 
  looking good so far . 
  i 'd like to see the plans for more comprehensive exterior clutter . 
  what type of work system do you have set up ? 
  ca n't attack or ca n't hit ? 
  funny , it should n't . 
  just a click does it . 
  since it 's already sort of sci-fi looking , you could positions beacons on the ground so that the beams pass on either side of the rails , through loops . 
  it 'd look sort of tech/magical . 
  telvanni , minus the backstabbing and slavery . 
  ... upon further reflection , my position consists of `` shroom buildings '' . 
  some of us do . 
  yeah , somehow i do n't think a lot of this would fly over here . 
  this is certainly true . 
  getting the ash out of my lungs for a second . 
  god . 
  i can do morrowind interiors ( almost through a tr showcase ) , and could potentially be persuaded to do exteriors and _ maybe _ other stuff like quests and dialogue . 
  you people and your worth a damn rigs . 
  i think the game we should work with is morrowind . 
  here 's why :, 
  * no voice acting . 
  this is n't huge , but it makes it a lot easier to make it fit into the game world and seem `` real '' . 
  in oblivion and skyrim , you can do that , but the systems do not lend themselves to it nearly as well . 
  * modding is simpler . 
  i 've found it comparably easy to use the cs ( i may have a slight biased , as i 've worked mostly in it ) and there are a lot of good , easy to comprehend resources for those who want to learn . 
  * it 's reasonably cheap for those who want to buy it . 
  i hear steam has a good price if you use it , and goty discs online are good too . 
  that last actually existed in several forms in morrowind . 
  well , in theory you 're incognito when you do that , so ... 
  frankly , the fact that background lore could drive a player to do this is pretty awesome . 
  i know . 
  i was merely pointing out that the idea was know to bethesda to have that type of line . 
  fair . 
  i meant they should n't talk about the * player * doing it . 
  you 're right , it should definitely provide a lot of gossip . 
  man , i picked a fantastic day to graduate high school !, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's been a bit of a roller coaster , honestly . 
  self paced school . 
  self-paced school , so i managed to finish a bit early . 
  actually , my first .20 flight was to the south pole of kerbin , and there 's this * tiny * island i 'm trying to land on . 
  so more ice than grass . 
  they still are updating minecraft . 
  can you tell us what object you are missing ? 
  i 've never landed a piloted bomb in jc2 either . 
  some of us do dislike this model . 
  now , perhaps it 's in part because i play older games , generally , but i very much want to have a physical disk . 
  i do n't use steam , because i like being able to pop the morrowind disk in , play my game , and generally do what i please with it . 
  i ca n't borrow or share a steam game , i ca n't resell it or by it used .
