  how do i get out , meet people , and keep myself engaged with the world and out of my room ? 
  living my life as short bursts before going back to wasting time is n't really sustainable or what i want ... 
  it 's a nice setup . 
  if i had to recommend something , it would be to go ingame and take better screenshots to use , especially with the morrowind image . 
  the low-res images really make it look hastily done . 
  correction , 3 20mm on the g-2 . 
  you 're right , though , minengescho\u00df rounds are awesome . 
  if you want to read more about that , look at the book `` two sides of the moon : our story of the cold war space race '' , written by david scott and alexei leonov . 
  scott was on apollo 15 , and leonov was the first person to walk in space . 
  i think i will . 
  are some things overdone ? 
  yes . 
  is it perfect ? 
  it also looks to be fairly entertaining and enjoyable to watch . 
  yeah , i tried streaming ksp once . 
  3fps , 20 second lag . 
  what is that from ? 
  yeah , the increase in lps has actually been nice , from my perspective . 
  i 've honestly thought about putting together a troll squad of d-5s to send into jet battles , just to see how well it could do . 
  if you can lure the jets into turnfights , i 'd bet it could work surprisingly well . 
  that 's where the idea came from . 
  like socializing and getting elected mayor . 
  ok , good job finding the thread . 
  unfortunately , due to my forgetting last night , this thread is outdated . 
  give me a moment to post the new one , and repost this there . 
  ok , thanks . 
  catholic start it is . 
  great song , and phil ochs is such an underrated musician . 
  speaking of graphics , why is n't ironhand included anymore ? 
  glad to hear it , and thank you again for the hard work !, 
  out of curiosity , why `` thankfully '' ? 
  i wonder if it 's possible to get seeds of these . 
  i 'm trying to create a great pagan empire , primarily norse , but with each other pagan religion reformed and holding one king-level title in the empire , under which is their holy order and priesthood . 
  super-bonus points : i 'm trying to include the generic pagan religion . 
  that means i have to start as a non-pagan religion , get the demon child event , and land one of the witches that spawn , to get them to generate pagan courtiers . 
  then convert to norse and form the empire . 
  this really is more appropriate for / r/gameswap . 
  given that you 've already received an offer , and the presence of a better sub for this type of post , i 'm going to go ahead and ask that you move this there . 
  when were you thinking ? 
  i 'm in central , but depending on when , i can try to make it work ( if i figure out multiplayer ... ), 
  volcano -  pumps . 
  ok , i have something of an issue with this :, 
  account related rules ( nicknames , avatars , signatures , etc. ), 
   it is forbidden to use nicknames or avatars that contain , use or describe any :, 
  uniformed military personnel associated with the world war 2 axis powers . 
  while i understand the laws against nazi symbols and why they should not be in the game , phrasing it like this is simply drawing the line between winners and losers . 
  short of when such a division is legally mandated , i do n't think that type of distinction should be made in the rules . 
  what is this mod you 're working on ? 
  thank you for bringing the saga to life !, 
  probably ought to reply to comments , we do n't get notified when you post a parent comment . 
  or pms work . 
  anyway , i have all day today/tomorrow , so whenever is fine with me . 
  what dlcs ? 
  this series is fantastic ; thanks for making it !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delta_air_lines_flight_191 ), 
  have you tried from other sites ? 
  well , for now , i recommend getting your mods from [ morrowind modding history ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/ ) . 
  it 's got a big collection . 
  i 've had real trouble finding a good picture of this , so , sorry about the grainy quality . 
  only now ? 
  assuming roomcarnage is ever finished , that would be amazing . 
  yeah , that 's what i figured , thus , if it ever finishes . 
  for me ( unsure about op ) it 's actually a long , thin window that shows the message that there is an update but is too short to show the buttons that link to it . 
  1920x1080 screen resolution if that helps . 
  could you make the window adjustable ? 
  it seems like that would help . 
  you can educate children in your prisons ? 
  this changes everything . 
  it would be ... unwise * to destroy the papacy completely , even if you could , which you should n't be able to . 
  the pope becomes unlanded but can still can crusades . 
  the only way to remove his power would be to let him have rome , temporarily become catholic , then make and press the claim of an antipope while holding an empire-tier title . 
  this makes the pope your vassal . 
  then you may become pagan and he ca n't call crusades . 
  * i say unwise because a lot of events actually use the pope to trigger ( like the formation of the jomsvikings , if i recall ) . 
  the pope is used for this because in theory , the papacy always exists . 
  this gives the game a stable platform to fire events . 
  one idea i had for a morrowind mod was a total conversion set solely in vivec city ( made rather larger ) at the dawn of the second era . 
  great chance to explore the politics of morrowind and the dunmer culture . 
  i do n't know if you 've forgotten to remove it or something , but i can still view it normally from the main page . 
  totally agree . 
  hands-down my favorite plane . 
  me-410s . 
  i prefer to use the d-5 in a bomber-hunting/dogfighting role . 
  the bombs do offer backup ground-attack ability , and the ammo load for the 20mm cannons is absolutely fantastic . 
  between the turning ability and the guns , this thing can easily take on any single aircraft it faces . 
  you can get rather screwed if you get ganged up on , though . 
  taken from the departing soyuz t-13 . 
  that 's a great story . 
  i usually play as bj\u00f6rn , myself . 
  do you find sigurdr better ? 
  it 's hard . 
  in addition to the usual soviet reluctance to publicize space hardware , several salyut stations ( the almaz ones ) were military in purpose , which makes it even harder . 
  spain , with catalonia and the basque country . 
  ok , i hate to be the obligatory american lurker , but can someone please explain what the orange order is and why they seem to stage marches with such frequency ? 
  wow , real charming bastards ... 
  i swim out to one of the northern islands and build a little place there . 
  i 'm loving this series . 
  it 's really neat how you 're able to expand on the background lore like this . 
  once again , fantastic !, 
  the vehks ` hadoon bit is absolutely great .
