  the artifacts sunder , keening , and wraithguard tingle in my hands , as if they too sense what is to come . 
  it is a suitable moment to reflect , or , perhaps , the most unsuitable moment of all . 
  what does one think about at a time like this ? 
  i do n't know , thankfully . 
  i would hate to be a surly hero , thinking in speeches and weighty arcs of prophecy . 
  perhaps more heroes need friends . 
  it 's hard to worry about prophecies and ash vampires while hiding an ashlander from the ordinator he just spat at . 
  teach me to take him drinking in vivec again , that 's certain ... 
  vivec . 
  that damned hermaphrodite schemer . 
  and a politician to boot . 
  someday , it may be his citadel i stare down at . 
  it seems more likely now . 
  once i finish that business in mournhold , his time may be at an end . 
  once i have my answers . 
  then maybe a jaunt over to that island to the north everyone keeps muttering about . 
  i * am * arrogant enough not to want my tale to reach it 's high point killing a broken god . 
  damn . 
  i may be more like him than i thought . 
  and i 'm rambling , to boot . 
  i have friends , a good bow , a full quiver , and under my feet , that wonderful warm sand the khajiit are always wishing on me . 
  i have no idea what they see in it . 
  the enemy awaits . 
  an idea that i have been tossing around for far too long is to do a sort of joint ama with the members , and preferably some leaders , of the various morrowind province mods that are being made . 
  i think this would be a good way for the teams , especially some of the lesser-known ones , to gain some exposure , and a platform to talk about their work and answer questions people have . 
  if you 're interested , please reply here or pm the mods with your username you 're known for on the project ( if it 's different than your reddit username ) , what project ( s ) you 're on , what your role is , or anything else you think pertinent . 
  we 'll need to set up a time , venue ( here or perhaps / r/iama fro greater exposure ) , and figure out who can get involved . 
  if you know others who would be willing to participate , invite them !, 
  i just dragged my old discs out , and everything seems to work . 
  i remember when i first played , i never could find good missions to download for galactic adventures , which left me with just the default ones . 
  disappointing , to say the least . 
  does anyone know of links to some high quality missions or sets of missions ? 
  probably a familiar starting point , but i just watched * das leben der anderen * ( the lives of others ) . 
  in the time the stasi were active , what would happen if they were caught midway through bugging a target ? 
  i imagine it was easy enough to silence a single observer via threats , but what if the target themself found them in the act , or uncovered the bugs ? 
  what if they were inadvertently seen by a large number of people that could n't easily be identified or kept quiet ? 
  day late with this one ; my apologies . 
  while it may be somewhat realistic , the limitations are incredibly annoying . 
  what do i need to edit to remove it ? 
  edit : changing the range in defines.lua to 5000 worked . 
  the quote was about burning women at their husbands funerals , or something like that . 
  it went something like `` it is your custom to burn women at their husbands funeral . 
  in my country , it is our custom to hang those who kill others . 
  build your pyres , i will build the gallows . '', 
  that may be an awful paraphrase , but it 's all i have . 
  do you just drag the files into the `` user missions '' folder ? 
  whenever i try and launch the game , it says `` no missions of this type '' . 
  i thought they formed with the fylkirate , but apparently not . 
  is there something i can do to speed it up ? 
  short background : i 'm the reformed norse emperor of scandinavia . 
  one idea i 've had is to `` collect '' the heads of other religions as vassals . 
  the way i planned to do this was to wait until the emperor has an adult son ready to take over , and preferably until he 's rather old , then use a concubine of the `` target '' religion to convert . 
  example : turn catholic , install antipope . 
  give antipope a middle of nowhere county , then wait until i die and things get back to normal under the son . 
  would this work ? 
  how about usurping the byzantine empire and taking the patriarch ? 
  i got this watch for my 18th birthday ~ ~ today ~ ~ yesterday , now , from my dad , who found it at a thrift store . 
  he paid $ 20 for it and put a band on it for me ( he 's a minor watch enthusiast ) . 
  after winding , it kept time very well today , as far as i can tell . 
  cyrillic writing and my best translations are as follows :, 
  - top right : \u0421\u043b\u0430\u0432\u0430 - `` slava '' , underneath that : 21 \u041a\u0430\u043c\u0435\u043d\u044c - `` 21 stone '', 
  - top of the center booster rocket : \u042d\u043d\u0435\u0440\u0433\u0438\u044f - `` energia '' ( name of the company , or rather design bureau , that made the buran shuttle and the energia heavy-lifter ), 
  - left wing of shuttle : \u0421\u0421\u0421\u0420 - `` ussr '', 
  the number on the back of the watch is 382 . 
  i honestly have no idea how common watches of this type were . 
  it looks fairly inexpensive , if well made . 
  my interest is mainly in history , so if anyone can explain how a watch like this works ( i 'm clueless ) , or anything about watchmaking and wearing in the soviet union , would be greatly appreciated . 
  i also have no idea how to change the date counter on the right , but it just changed sitting next to me , so it does move . 
  holy guar , i 'm late with this one . 
  my bad . 
  so , for some reason , i got the idea to go have at it with two stacks of 15k troops , and it fell fairly easily . 
  however , it seems i cant actually form the kingdom because i 'm not christian , and i do n't plan to be . 
  i saved judaism from extinction a while back ( seriously , 2 jewish courtiers was all there was until i managed to get one landed ) , and they rule a county of mine off on the steppes . 
  if i give my jewish count all the land i own ( 9/15 in de jure jerusalem ) , will he reform israel or the jewish priesthood ? 
  that would be cool . 
  i know the game is in early alpha and what that entails ( glorious bugs !, 
  ) , and i 'm willing to accept that . 
  how responsive is the dev team ? 
  i 'd rather not buy into another cube world repeat . 
  is it possible to find any `` safe '' areas ? 
  i do n't mind hard combat , but breaks are nice . 
  i 've heard the mutants ca n't swim ; does this make islands reasonably safe ? 
  is the game `` playable '' ( in the sense that there are n't huge bugs that predictably impede the ability to play the game ) ? 
  my understanding ( and please correct me if i 'm wrong ) is that when the ps3/xbox360 were released , they came with systems that were very different than pc systems at the time , and that people did n't really know how best to use efficiently . 
  this means that as time went on , and people explored the system , they found ways to cram in better graphics/quality . 
  on the other hand , the current systems are made with architecture mostly similar to existing systems , and their capabilities have already been pushed . 
  if that is true , how are game devs and players going to react ? 
  if consoles are hamstrung by current or outdated standards , will it reach a point at which developing games for both pc and consoles is n't worth it due to the needed downgrading for the later ( as was alleged to have happened to watch_dogs ) ? 
  will players get fed up ? 
  or will a new generation get shoved out the door sooner to catch up ? 
  just that . 
  i have eu iii and was wondering if i could take the ckii save over . 
  originally , the plan for this was to sink a base to the bottom of laythe 's ocean , raised by buoyancy exploits . 
  as it turns out , the trick with messing with fuel levels to raised things to the surface did n't scale well at all , and things on the seabed explode upon loading . 
  that brings us to this : a floating base , with two hitchhikers to hold 8 crew , and 2 cupola modules almost entirely underwater . 
  ramps lead up to a runway on top , which is intended for v/stol aircraft performing crew transfers . 
  the base also has solar panels and two rtgs for power . 
  flight was incredibly routine , except for a worrying fuel shortage . 
  warning : do not unload the vessel while something is on the deck . 
  coming back to it will cause a major explosion .
