  i can only reply to the second , and in my experience , yes . 
  the amount of dialogue , and character put into it , about the main quest/his personal storyline , your own quests , and various miscellaneous things is unrivaled . 
  if you can find a copy ( and she does n't have one ) , she might like * two sides of the moon : our story of the cold war space race , * written by alexei leonov ( cosmonaut , first human to walk in space ) and david scott ( apollo 15 commander ) . 
  they talk about their experiences in the astronaut/cosmonaut training , some about their earlier life , and , of course , their missions . 
  leonov also talks about working on some relatively lesser-know parts of the soviet program , such as their moon landing effort ( he was slated to be the first soviet on the moon ) , and meeting with sergei korolyov . 
  [ amazon link ] ( http://www.amazon.com/two-sides-moon-story-space/dp/0312308663 ), 
  another great book partially about this period is [ two sides of the moon : our story of the cold war space race ] ( http://www.amazon.com/two-sides-moon-story-space/dp/0312308663 ) by alexei leonov ( cosmonaut , first human to walk in space ) and david scott ( apollo 15 commander ) . 
  leonov was training to be the first soviet on the moon , and talks about this some in the book . 
  i hate to be clueless , but can we update the pack while keeping our saves ? 
  if so , how ? 
  i do n't mean df versions , i mean the starter pack . 
  and anyway , it seems i overlooked the answer on the release page . 
  indeed , it works wonderfully . 
  thank you for the hard work !, 
  i 've done plenty of messing with saves in df and other games , but especially when external utilities are involved , things can get a bit hairy . 
  i tried opening up one , and they just dumped another rock on it . 
  * that * would explain a lot . 
  thank you !, 
  reached orbit by going straight up for 100km then burning sideways . 
  tried to use a parachute on the mun . 
  well , it was a last ditch try after i lost fuel . 
   no real balance based on `` technical characteristics '' , or `` historically fought against each other '' , or `` production date '' is even theoretically possible . 
  to the first , bullshit . 
  technical characteristics * are what define the planes to begin with . 
  * it 's saying `` we ca n't balance the plane based on the plane '' . 
  yeah ... 
  all that is being showcased here is that the developers of the game are either willfully blind to the fact that the br system is fundamentally flawed , too proud to admit it , flat do n't care , or are deliberately unbalancing it to please sections of the playerbase ( mainly players on the american tree ) . 
  this last set of adjustments today boggles the mind . 
  rolled back or not , that they passed muster to begin with is astounding . 
  i never said it was about fighters vs fighters . 
  i said that the systems used by gaijin to construct br , and stated in the page you linked , are flawed - for * any * vehicle . 
  there are dedicated players here and on the forums that have been posting data to that effect for years now . 
  furthermore , if gaijin is trying to balance for all different types of aircraft , they 've certainly moved in the wrong direction . 
  classic example , but the me-262 is a late-war bomber interceptor , and yet the only bomber that can get into its matches is the arado , itself painfully screwed by it 's own br . 
  instead , the me-262 fights almost exclusively korean war-era dogfighters , and that was made even worse by the changes gaijin tried to roll out today . 
  if i may veer onto the subject of the mixed battles you brought up , it 's even worse . 
  between the laser-guided aaa making high-altitude bombing impossible and the lead indicator making * heavy tanks * a threat to anyone flying nap of the earth , the idea of viable mixed battles is stillborn , regardless of the br . 
  i will say that the increased communication is good . 
  i know that most of the complaints around here , mine included , wind up in your inbox , but i appreciate what you 're doing and your professionalism , even if your ( expressed ) views and mine rarely match . 
  i do n't think / u/99639 was talking about player numbers , rather the fact that games themselves are unbalanced in favor of the us with depressing regularity . 
  i know it 's just another random plane . 
  perhaps the example given was bad for random battles , but the point remains that it is not fairly balanced now at all . 
  i know , and i certainly think that 's good . 
  but combat performance ( `` shot down enemies , lost vehicles , critical hits , destroyed ai vehicles '' etc ) are , and those things are what usually decides the match and where overtierd planes are screwed . 
  the problem of this weeding out all but the best , determined minority of a nations players has already been brought up ad nauseam . 
  because many of them had property or businesses taken from them during castro 's rise . 
  please post this in the tech help thread where it goes ; thanks . 
  they are . 
  the reason i voted for you , at any rate , is because the videos you 've made have always shown an incredible attention to detail and an excellent understanding of the game itself . 
  plus , you 've always been honest about how you feel about the planes/tanks without coming off as an asshole . 
  no , no we would n't . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  follow the advice others have given here , but post this in the tech help thread , where it goes . 
  i have a different problem : i load up the game , wait through the intro cutscene , and the game pops up the fun with pets logo , stops , and has no buttons , icons , or anything . 
  not to mention the whole computer freezes if i try to alt-tab out . 
  edit : nevermind , for anyone having this problem , just wait a few minutes . 
  it gets there . 
  okay , fix for anyone having the same problem : i paused the game , selected him , and used the option to call him to me . 
  how does landing on your head make it better ? 
  and how do you do it ? 
  it should be really simple to make an extra dialogue option that allows you to threaten him instead of strip . 
  what the hell ? 
  i 'm about to post this week 's thread . 
  you 're actually a day late for this one , so you should repost it . 
  i 'm about to post this week 's thread . 
  you 're actually a day late for this one , so you should repost it . 
  so , a british pirate ? 
  not sure if i 'm sad to see this end or happy to move on to the newer version . 
  both , really . 
  your work on df v34 is directly responsible for getting me into dwarf fortress , so , thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  or you could just go to middle school with a web filter bypassed solely by using https in the address . 
  school/parental filters were usually just a nuisance . 
  that 's assuming they even blocked the right stuff . 
  it 's actually designated bf-109 , not me-109 , because the original design was submitted by bayerische flugzeugwerke , not messerschmitt . 
  not as much as you would think ; it 's had no official status in the country since ' 75 , survived mostly as a second language for the elite , and is now spoken by around 5 % of the population . 
  from what little i know ( girlfriend coming from vietnam as a kid ) , many hate the french with a passion . 
  it would be interesting , but from what very little poking i 've done , df modding is rather involved . 
  actually , it means realm . 
  kaiserreich is empire . 
  i usually turn ireland into a religious reservation in my norse game . 
  get some zoroastrians , jews , etc , and land them there . 
  it enables me to switch religion easily to pursue various achievements . 
  [ watch the skies ... ] ( http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/jvk1166z.esp ), 
   there is a bar in the toronto zoo, 
  of course it 's toronto . 
  can confirm , though i 'm usually the one camping the bomber spawn . 
  having the soviet p-63 a-10 makes getting altitude incredibly easy , and i can usually get in the top 3 in the team . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://udelle.com/minecraft ), 
  yes , / u/peridexiserrant , yes it does . 
  just a tip : you can copy-paste the letter thorn into your flair to make svi\u00fejod accurate . 
  i mod the http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/scavenger_platform into something useful . 
  is n't pretty much any prosthesis , at the most basic level , a stick taped to something ? 
  great work , by the way !, 
  dog looks happy . 
  38 years ? 
  very nice to hear that relationship work so well . 
  ok , possibly an odd set of circumstances . 
  i 'm 18 , and actually starting welding classes at my local community college ( short story , i 'd rather gain an employable skill in something i like doing than keep dropping thousands of dollars on classes i was n't passing ) .
