  like me clarify something : he is * infinitely better written * than bioware companions . 
  best one ever , hands down . 
  good ideas . 
  i have plenty of silver ores , so that could be good for trading . 
  for the goblins , is there a specific defense plan for the traps , or should a wiki expedition handle that ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  full value ? 
  no merchant has that much . 
  tricks with creeper or mudcrab will do it . 
  this is true . 
  i 'll manage enough hematite to get armor , and silver warhammers could do a lot ... 
  military action should n't happen anyway . 
  it will only make things worse . 
  does iran have hundreds of thousands of people in what amount to concentration camps ? 
  given my experience with bridges , i 'm not entirely certain of this . 
  i do n't mind them in the base at all . 
  possibly because we are . 
  slight issue with the austin map : you have travis heights way too far west . 
  it 's bordered on the east by i-35 , in areas you gave to mckinney and abia . 
  source : i grew up there . 
  this is looking really nice !, 
  it 's not . 
  should be , though . 
  there are ways around that , and that 's going to be the case even more as time goes on . 
  i usually do n't bother with robes , except the bloodmoon common robe while in cold areas . 
  too much enchanting can make things too easy . 
  even then , the [ robe on the far right ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/file:mw_clothing_extravagantrobesm1.jpg ) is my favorite . 
  `` this account 's public links are generating too much traffic and have been temporarily disabled ! '', 
  is it , really ? 
  clothes be and probably are made very light , so fitting a dozen outfits per astro/cosmonaut which could be stuffed on a cargo flight would be doable . 
  compare the mechanics and water usage of cleaning and drying equipment on a space station . 
  possibly water loss ( water is * heavy * , so sending more up is a pain , in addition to it getting in sensitive equipment ) , the bulk of the equipment itself , in what is already a crowded station ... 
  yeah , it seems odd , but it may well be the best way to do it , for now . 
  off that nut in mournhold ? 
  potentially three , actually . 
  basically , the people and infrastructure are not used to it . 
  people drive on the highway in a half-inch of snow ? 
  you 'd have fatalities left and right , because no one knows how to compensate for snow . 
  snow tires ? 
  lucky to find a shop that sells them . 
  how about getting the snow off the road ? 
  the city probably has just enough salt to stock the city hall cafeteria . 
  snowplows ? 
  maybe some town 200 miles north has one . 
  in short , we 'd have no clue how to handle it . 
  in a lot of places , it does n't snow in winter . 
  down here in central texas , i do n't think we 've had snow for 2-3 years . 
  i am unsure how it works , myself . 
  though , one could argue that you could fit enough in a progress to last a * long * time , thus making even something like that feasible . 
  i am , however , certain that it 's not a twice-weekly shipment . 
  your simple answer is roughly 1,000 miles , according to wolfram alpha . 
  only two wore it , at least in the base game : [ ravoso aryon ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:ravoso_aryon ) and [ aurnie vanne ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:aurnie_vanne ) . 
  i find it very interesting that fyr `` fear [ ed ] for the future of the empire '' . 
  not what one usually hears from recluse telvanni . 
  that 's true , and he 's even more awesome for that . 
  just another surprise . 
  not so sure on that . 
  we have an astonishingly large military , and not many countries will see the motivation for engaging a superior force that supplied most of their equipment . 
  you could give some of the folks at / r/talesfromtamriel a run for their money . 
  cml33 is correct . 
  read the sidebar . 
  no , we have not launched from the martian surface yet . 
  house building and the fact that ranged weapons are manually aimed ( yes ! ) . 
  that last one really sealed this for me . 
  takes all the fun away from getting that one perfect shot . 
  she 's done a bit for other modders . 
  but yes , julan has far and away set the bar for how well a mod interacts with the game and the player . 
  three . 
  they 're closer to giant fleas , actually . 
  any fanfic from any setting and time within the es universe is fine . 
  bad change , if you ask me . 
  good god , the web design is awful . 
  my tactic , every time . 
  just sit back and let the crossbow bolts fly . 
  good on you for taking the time to replicate it !, 
  / u/poem _ for_your_sprog does his/her own stuff . 
  which makes it all the more awesome . 
  an escape tower is a small rocket fitted to the top of a capsule , designed to pull the capsule away from the main rocket in the event of a failure during launch . 
  the only `` real '' use of one was when soyuz t-10-1 caught fire on the pad . 
  the escape system fired 2 seconds before the rocket exploded . 
  [ video here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyff4cpmvag ) . 
  hold your horses , let 's get it out of alpha first . 
  and it 's going to fuck itself . 
  i run a windows pc because it 's open . 
  the games are made for it , the mods are there , i can go poke and prod at whatever level i feel comfortable . 
  well , emulators like wine are out there , and they 're only going to get better . 
  microsoft has not cornered the market ; if i want to jump ship , there are plenty for me to jump to . 
  yes , that is what is meant . 
  the end result , for now , is still that market pressure has produced a result more favorable to the consumer . 
  [ mod here ] ( http://www.fliggerty.com/phpbb3/viewtopic.php?f=64&amp;t=973 ) . 
  note that i have taken liberties with dialogue and interactions . 
  i 'll be putting it up shortly . 
  sls launches should be spectacular , though . 
  the elder scrolls iii : morrowind . 
  amazing world , multiple unique cultures , and a crazy , wonderful story . 
  a place where stone and white cottages are alien , and normal is a crabshell building , a mushroom tower , or a hermaphroditic god-king . 
  add to this a modding scene as old as the game itself that still pumps out new content . 
  openmw is in the process of re-implementing the game in a whole new engine , to give us better scripts , modding , and physics . 
  tamriel rebuilt ( which i am proud to work on ) , province : cyrodiil , and skyrim : home of the nords are a few of the teams working to multiply the size of the game many times over . 
  yes , it 's a bit dated , but it 's an amazing game , with an amazing community , and it 's not going away anytime soon .
