  nether paths . 
  check his attributes to see if an enemy messed with his strength . 
  well , after you beat alduin , elenwen is no longer essential . 
  you know , you could argue that the godhead is some crazy guy in megaton ... 
  well , i think it 's a feature of diplomacy , but because isolla is technically the leader , i ca n't promote vassals . 
  i have one one the swadian counts who likes me a lot , so i may try for him . 
  very nice work !, 
  yes , where do i sign up ? 
  . craft ? 
  not much ? 
  docking is harder than a moon landing . 
  why do n't you post the lander file , and we maybe can make you a booster around it ? 
  just going to say this : everyone saying that north korea would be a smoking hole in the ground , that 's almost exactly what was said before the first war . 
  i know . 
  and like anything , once you 've done it , it 's easier to do again . 
  and yes , small makes it easier . 
  it 's creepy . 
  it 's good . 
  but damned if this is n't one of the most commonly reposted things here . 
  i 'd leave it . 
  there 's no rule against it right now . 
  except you sort of can . 
  as myrrlyn said , princes have been added in the past . 
  no reason the coc could n't join , provided he/she had the power , which it seems they did . 
  i know lady n thinks it 's just going to continue as before , but that 's a fan theory , not any solid lore . 
  and from when i played , it seemed pretty clear to me that they were separate . 
  he values order . 
  meddling would interfere with that order . 
  very well done !, 
  has a list of locations . 
  it 's possible your computer just ca n't do it . 
  mine ca n't , but it gives me a notice to that effect . 
  the stars are less a hard limit and more just points in the skybox . 
  really , i love it because i can do _ whatever i want _ with the stuff we have . 
  i remember seeing a link on kurt 's facebook page , and thinking `` man , this would be so cool if they did it right '' . 
  the i looked , and they _ did _ do it right !, 
  as long is i think it 's still coming . 
  actually , tylo has more gravity . 
  odd question , but are you using an original xbox controller , or an xbox 360 controller ? 
  i 'd try using an original xbox controller . 
  it 's what the game was made for , so it 's your best chance . 
  there also seem to be other people looking at this ; if you search around , maybe they 'll have an answer i ca n't find . 
  sotha sil is worst because he abandoned everything , including himself , in the end . 
  almalexia is worst because her real end was only power . 
  vivec was worst because he alone knew the full consequences of his actions , and in the end , laughed at them . 
  the psijics are an organization , like a very exclusive guild , and other races can join . 
  yes , this goes to the tech help threads . 
  can we get a comparison to the original ? 
  eh , not too much more . 
  i did it then , lander legs are n't needed , and as long as you burn when the mun 's on the horizon , an intercept is easy . 
  yeah , i can see the point . 
  the demo did need an upgrade . 
  [ actually , they can . 
  yes . 
  it 's also required for tamriel rebuilt , which you also need to get . 
  how did you edit gmsts ? 
  building houses . 
  i can just imagine running from a horde , taking a flying leap off a cliff , and hang-gliding onto my back deck . 
  thank you for informing me about this bug . 
  nova 's an awesome dev . 
  you 're an awesome cm . 
  everyone at squad is awesome , from the back-end guys to the modelers . 
  you all are fantastic . 
  it 's on par with vvardenfell . 
  nice !, 
  hope it brings you the joy it brought me when i first played the game . 
  well , it 's a separate worldspace from skyrim . 
  i like this a lot , actually . 
  i play without mods , and i 'm having a blast . 
  alright , no more of this . 
  consoles are a perfectly good way to play the game , even if you do n't like them . 
  you are free to have whatever debates about it you want , but please remain civil . 
  you are correct . 
  you forgot the needed ability to save in atmosphere . 
  [ someone else is maintaining it now ] ( http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/showthread.php/31095-plugin-part-0-17-cleverbobcat-v1-0-legacy-of-cart-dll-included ) . 
  reminds me of a corprus beast . 
  massive funding to rocket development ... minimal safety concerns ... wreckage everywhere ... 
  really , i 'm not sure what more you want . 
  assuming it 's not just laziness , it 's possible that cell was originally intended to be underwater . 
  but yeah , i think it 's just lazy . 
  capture the flag . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  a lot of pants are . 
  two months , same pair . 
  i saw `` exo '' on that sign and got slightly confused for a second . 
  i do not want to know where you 're going to stick that that vivec has n't been through before . 
  they were joinable in daggerfall too . 
  at least they say they 're making the api . 
  sal_vager told me a long time ago that 13km was the place to do it . 
  works for me . 
  player -  additem `` dwemer_satchel00 '' 1, 
  did not work ? 
  actually got the xbox version when my little brother bought a bunch of games from his friend a few years ago . 
  a few months later , i decided i * had * to get goty for pc , and i never stopped from there . 
  it only works on loaded npcs , and if their original location is also loaded . 
  only way i know is to just set an absurdly high weight limit . 
  alternatively , a corpse set to never disappear . 
  the betties are the bad ones . 
  `` you are bold . 
  i honor your independence .
