  i 'm looking to have more based on creatures or other factions . 
  have room for three ? 
  it 's best to wait until after the main quest : [ helseth gives you a suit of royal guard armor if you tell him about the last quest . 
  of course , you can also get this from his bodyguards , who will attack you if you attack him for any reason , even taunting . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i use only thalmor souls for enchanting . 
  / r/morrowind agrees . 
  i could get along with this one . 
  good for you . 
  not anymore . 
  firemoth is a pain . 
  area of effect fire spells are good . 
  i would n't even try until level 20 or so . 
  it 's mostly a sea of weak skeletons , and fun target practice . 
  until the final boss , at which point you 'd better be at least level 20 . 
  i really hope this works out for you . 
  i know it 's been featured in recent dlc , but the soul cairn , and a conversation with an ideal master , could be very interesting . 
  the soul cairn is a plain of oblivion , and the masters can be conversed with , as seen in * battlespire * . 
  though yes , knowing anything about them is difficult , and maybe not enough . 
  you can do that in daggerfall . 
  welcome aboard !, 
  hope you and your brother do well . 
  agreed , fuck the parents . 
  ok . for someone who has never liked cheeses , what cheese would you recommend to start getting in the habit of eating ? 
  i feel like i 'm missing something . 
  what kind of potato goes best in a soup ? 
  thank you !, 
  honestly , i 'm a guy just a year older than that . 
  if we say something like that , we mean it , and we have it coming . 
  this is good advice . 
  man , they 'd have some fun in the grazelands . 
  seriously . 
  `` choice treasures '' ? 
  divine sewage is n't that valuable , vehk . 
  there is the issue that unless you monitor every minute of every play , there 's no way to make the kid play as a pure archer or mage . 
  just no way . 
  taste good . 
  `` thundercunt '' . 
  the lack of space is important . 
  doing the http : [ dahrk mezalf ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:dahrk_mezalf_%28quest%29 ) quest will get you one as a companion , and [ this mod ] ( http://lovkullen.net/emma/vorwoda.htm ) makes it more useful and less dated . 
  [ this may interest you ] ( http://imperial-library.info/content/aldmeri-alphabets ) . 
  i intend to try battlespire and redguard . 
  i just need the money and time . 
  the `` official '' thing is that the nerevarine and dagoth ur were alone under red mountain . 
  no one knows what was said , or what the nerevarine 's true thoughts were . 
  it 's part of the beauty of morrowind and tes that your character can take any path , and the lore is set up to include any part of it . 
  what . 
  i should have seen this ... 
  lan : sure . 
  anything else : hell no . 
  the issue is probably a lack of enforcement . 
  i 've been pretty lax so far , but that may change as of this next week . 
  i 'm a 16 year old guy , and volunteer at a day care . 
  constantly with a qualified teacher , not left alone with kids , etc. 
  i 've never had any issue from parents , and try my best to be as helpful as possible . 
  last summer , which was my first year doing this , i give a 7 year old girl time-out for climbing on the bookcase . 
  no big deal , kids test rules , receive the consequences , life goes on . 
  not for this girl . 
  as soon as i tell her to go to time out , she starts screaming `` i 'm telling mommy you touched me !, 
  i 'll get you fired , meanie ! '', 
  now i 'm not a genius , but i knew very well that if this kids mom believed her , i could be screwed royally for years . 
  as it turns out , my boss overheard this . 
  she 's the one who made the decision to let me volunteer , and has always been good about sticking up for me . 
  she scoops this girl up , takes her to the office , and lectures her for a very long time about what she nearly did to me . 
  when the parents came to pick her up , she explained the whole thing to them . 
  i never had crap from the girl again , but i am eternally grateful that did n't go any farther . 
  is it detecting any enchantments you have on yourself ? 
  look under it . 
  try going behind it and looking from there . 
  i think i know what it is , but i 'll not spoil it . 
  i do n't know then . 
  try using `` toggle sky '' in the sonsole to make it light , and `` twf '' to see through them . 
  hey , that 's a reward in and of itself any day . 
  i 'm happy to be of service . 
  it does . 
  rule 2 on the sidebar is interpreted with varying degrees of strictness , and some may simply think this falls under that . 
  somebody will make a new type . 
  it always happens . 
  do n't need a throwaway for that . 
  be proud . 
  good what you did . 
  i know everyone 's saying you can just use a torch , but this is pretty cool . 
  no punishment . 
  it 's an interesting task , to say the least , trying to find the balance , and input is always appreciated . 
  i hate parents like this . 
  hate them . 
  it 's vein , in this case . 
  some are really good . 
  the bad ones just get noticed . 
  quick , someone hop on photoshop . 
  morrowind . 
   to be lost in morrowind ... at night . 
  in a storm . 
  and come upon some ancient ruin emerging from the murk and gloom ... 
  ah yes . 
  500 hours in , happened yesterday . 
  this has been in the works for a while . 
  it was originally planned for last week , but a journey to the deadlands of oblivion to meet relatives got in the way . 
  ... dinnerbone , can we have it vanilla ? 
  argonian , shortblade , destruction , etc. . .
