  what exactly are your claims ? 
  i do n't believe i 've ever seen them . 
  thank you !, 
  the only way to fix that is to find the mod that gave you the hi-res textures and reapply it . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i look forward to seeing dar mail roll out . 
  the swiss guard have something of an interesting history . 
  i 'm mostly recalling this from history class , so someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  swiss inheritance custom has traditionally been primogeniture , that is , the firstborn son inherits the estate , and thus , the source of income . 
  that left younger sons in a difficult position , and many turned to the armies as a source of income . 
  in switzerland , with its ( relative ) internal stability , that allowed the development of a strong mercenary tradition , with young men serving in foreign armies . 
  the papal swiss guard are a remnant of that tradition among swiss catholics in the military . 
  could `` the worm '' actually be mannimarco , perhaps ? 
  reminds me of the [ lk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lk_%28spacecraft%29 ) . 
  how do you plan to make stations and bases more useful ? 
  as it is , a long term presence in space or on a planet/moon has no measurable benefit ( discounting the fun , which is always great !, 
  thanks . 
  try putting down on the plains 1km or so to the north or south of the base , unless you want just a few meters ' margin of error . 
  the base itself is on a low ridge , making things difficult . 
  that 's really cool . 
  i actually have some that become heroes ( like milbro , who pushed his ship home from munar orbit ) and go on to name ships after them . 
  kerbin missions could be quite cool . 
  either the elder scrolls iii : morrowind , or dwarf fortress . 
  the later because you make it yourself . 
  man , if i did n't have classes , i 'd be all over some interiors . 
  winter break is soon enough ... 
  i love that the game allows for so much crazy stuff . 
  this image also contains the z1 truss , the bulky thing that the p6 is attached to . 
  very nice mission !, 
  good to have a return vehicle up there , too . 
  i think i already crossposted my tr showcase after i was accepted there . 
  dragonstar is going to be fun . 
  whoa , back up . 
  dwemer motorcycle ? 
  this is taken at mgexe 's absolute limit of 250 cells viewing distance . 
  the two mentioned mods are landmass additions . 
  these are two pictures i took after i used the console to fly high above the game world , and mge to raise the view distance to 250 cells . 
  the intent is to show the distance between s : hotn and p : c , and between them and the base game areas . 
  sorry i did n't make that clear !, 
  yeah , it was , interesting . 
  it 's not a playable setting for me , even with my new rig , but it works for getting shots like this . 
  for reference , [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6zgxkhg.png ) that picture with the already released area roughly outlined . 
  it was ok . 
  i 'm glad i played it , but as far as gameplay goes , it 's definitely outclassed by both morrowind and skyrim . 
  paratroopers will probable * be * the first odsts . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  kinmune appears in some writings of michael kirkbride . 
  due to his * heavy * involvement in creating the lore of the games , a lot of players consider his stuff canon . 
  a lost do n't or just do n't care . 
  thanks for making it !, 
  it 's been a real pleasure the whole way . 
   kidding , i just have no clue what russia would do . 
  no , you seem to have that down pretty well . 
  it 's not a common word at all . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  well , of course . 
  iss is probably going to be deorbited in 2028 . 
  if it stops working , best to get it safely out of the way . 
  great , to do list : make whale house because i can . 
  could the same be done with krakens ? 
  mongols are n't from the expansion . 
  dang it , nassault , i have class today . 
  i love it . 
  another good book is `` two sides of the moon '' , co-written by alexey leonov ( first man to walk in space , on voskhod 2 ) and david scott ( commander of apollo 15 ) . 
  it 's a very interesting look into the backstage of both programs . 
  this is going to be awesome !, 
  the the souls of the dwemer were freed when the heart was destroyed by the nerevarine . 
  it 's a symbol that has been part of mojang 's logo for a long time now . 
  almost a shame to remove it . 
  that said , probably best if the majority of bots stay out . 
  not at all sure what you mean by the tech thread being closed . 
  it 's at the top of the list . 
  i honestly do n't know why that is . 
  there are posts made in the thread since then , the moderation log shows nothing from you being caught in a filter , and you 're certainly not banned or restricted in any way . 
  can you try again in a little bit and message me if it does n't work ? 
  crossposted to / r/spaceflightporn . 
  that is absolutely gorgeous . 
  that would be hell to code , if it * is * feasibly possible . 
  honestly , i can see the empire getting around to giving it province status at last . 
  it would regain some of what was lost with the severing of ties with hammerfell , now that it 's gone it 's own way . 
  perhaps . 
  i actually got the opposite from reading that ( great link , by the way ) . 
  it seemed that the interviewer was suggesting an earlier origin , linked to dagon , while haskill hinted at something different and grander , which a common origin might be . 
  i certainly do n't see why sheogorath would n't `` lend '' a few clans of mazken to dagon in exchange for something , given that dagon is said to be the `` pawn of every prince of true power '' . 
  that said , it 's not enough to assume that entirely , but something to think about . 
  i have to ask ... why post this here ? 
  it seems more suited for / r/space ( not that it is n't extremely cool ) . 
  pound sign . 
  actually , that was the pound sign . 
  has that always been the case ? 
  i 'm taking a class on mid-20th century american history/culture , and it seems like the late 40s - late 50 's , at least , seemed prominently ... conformist , to put it one way . 
  did the culture of schooling reflect this ? 
  for those of us lurkers who would like to avoid future ignorance , what is a security certificate , and how does it apply in the situation ? 
  thank you , that made perfect sense !, 
  thank you , i did not know that !, 
  eh , not really . 
  the church i was raised in really would n't see alien life as incompatible with their beliefs . 
   _ the challenge : _ land a manned spacecraft on another planet , then takeoff , land on the mun and land back at kerbin . 
  no docking . 
  is this disqualified for that ?
