  all the bad stuff is gone , and you have some nice bonuses to boot . 
  i posted recently about a mod that upgraded the shock centurion you get from a telvanni quest . 
  it does what i think the greatest mods do : find small problems/dissapointments and fix them . 
  there is a place right by the stairs to the docks where the wall slopes down to the ground . 
  i get a bow , get on the wall , and go to the western entrance to the plantation . 
  the wall there offers a commanding view of everything , with hardly any obstructions . 
  once there , i shoot all of the guards with total impunity . 
  frinnius posuceius , an imperial who stands in the area with all of the netches , has the slave key . 
  there are also slaves in the shacks , along with a surprising number of thieves guild folks , who wo n't mind you freeing the slaves . 
  it is indeed . 
  i had a devilish time making the diagonal panels though . 
  poorly done mod if you ask me . 
  i just did a quick search on the uesp ; * nothing * on the ald ` ruhn guild of mages page , * nothing * on the armor page , and * nothing * on the bugs or easter eggs pages . 
  ring of raven eye . 
  tel uvirith , with building up uvirith 's grave mod installed . 
  bucket of lava = done . 
  great leap in gaming , still a favorite ten years after release , etc. . . 
  yeah , fairly well . 
  because better bodies . 
  laughing hysterically now . 
  my rig crashes when i try to enhance it at all , no idea why . 
  this is probably nostalgia speaking , but unmodded morrowind still has better scenery porn than skyrim . 
  still remember it like it was yesterday . 
  my understanding of the sexbot problem is that you would not be fucked at all . 
  he 's only sort of lying . 
  i get his disposition to 100 and unload my moon sugar and gems on him . 
  by the way , if you want a house in balmora , check out hlaalo manor . 
  and more importantly , you would be in morrowind . 
  seriously though , i know the feeling . 
  fort knox ( assuming i had an intervention spell handy ) . 
  yeah , without [ mods ] ( http://planetelderscrolls.gamespy.com/view.php?id=5730&amp;view=mods.detail ) , recall is the only viable method to get to tel uvirith quickly . 
  no problem . 
  i took the music direct from the game files and put it on my ipod . 
  d&d with `` nerevar rising '' playing is amazing . 
  also , if using mods , back them up too . 
  the issue with striders is that any given port can only have 4 destinations . 
  the only ports with 3 or fewer are khuul , maar gan , and molag mar , 2 of which are controlled by the redorans , and the other is really remote . 
  any other places , and i can get no return trips . 
  if you ever steal anything from someone , they will consider all items of that type stolen . 
  for example , if i steal a diamond from nalcarya of white haven , any time i try to sell her a diamond , no matter where i got it , she will say i stole it from her . 
  not a bug , just part of the game . 
  kurt is amazing , and i look forward to his continuing this game . 
  [ mods to the rescue . 
  ] ( http://planetelderscrolls.gamespy.com/view.php?view=mods.detail&amp;id=461 ), 
  what i would do , and what i have heard others talk about , is waiting until you are high level and do all the quests at once . 
  no kidding ... strangely , this makes me want to kill vivec * less * . 
  upvote for saying uncomfortable true things . 
  not with wikipedia gone you wo n't . 
  intentional . 
  julan is the single best companion mod for morrowind ever , if you ask me . 
  he feels like a real character , not a meat shield or pack mule . 
  some things to understand :, 
  - julan can only be picked up before completing `` vivec informants '' . 
  he has his own quest that runs parallel to the main quest . 
  - while there is optional romance , this is not a `` boyfriend mod '' . 
  i wish , but no . 
  feel free to pm me if you ever need help , though most is readily apparent once available . 
  hmm ... what mods are you running ? 
  i 'll see if i can root around to find your problem . 
  my understanding of how enhancers work is that they provide higher resolution models to replace the ones shipped with the game . 
  since morroblivion uses it 's own models , your would have to make enhanced versions for them as well . 
  i do n't see any problem running the two mods alongside one another , but do n't expect the enhancements to carry over . 
  mine 's not from lore , it my character name , but nice observation . 
  no , recall ca n't be made to affect anyone except yourself , not even in the cs . 
  `` god help us if it 's a co-op kinect-fest . '', 
  it 's cool , i 've still got morrowind . 
  amen . 
  you 're not . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm a casual d&d 3.5 player myself , so i think i can handle complex stats systems . 
  i 'll push on through the graphics . 
  i must . 
  my personal theory is that azura went into the celestial construction set ( read `` metaphysics of morrowind '' ) and `` disable '' - ed them for trying to make themselves gods . 
  i second this . 
  yes . 
  reddit thinks it 's awesome . 
  so much dwemer lore in morrowind . 
  so much ... 
  not where it came from , but why :, 
  why the nords cast alduin forward , it effectively sent a ( dragon ) broken fragment of time containing alduin into the 4th era . 
  the khajiit were created from the bosmer by azura , according to their own creation myths . 
  to get a feel for what it is , what they do and do n't like , and what exactly they want to improve . 
  some may even determine , as i have , that they 're just fine with original graphics . 
  duly noted , and thank you . 
  16 minutes . 
  as i recall , `` chim '' means `` change '' ( chimer = `` changed elves '' and all that ) , which daedra are said to embody . 
  so i think azura had as much chim as anyone else . 
  please , find the article . 
  i have thus far found nothing about the dwemer achieving godhood . 
  you 're probably right in that i might not fully understand chim . 
  i 'll root around to see what i can find on the subject . 
  edit : here 's one description i found of chim :, 
  * `` to achieve chim is to realize this , to recognize the godhead , to see that everything is him , that you are him , and still maintaining your individuality . 
  you are still able to say i , and thus you have achieved chim . 
  in knowing that everything is merely an extension of the same thing , an extension of you , you have power over it in the same way you can move your arm . 
  it is like a little part of the godhead having a lucid dream , where he is still dreaming though he knows he is dreaming and thus has control over the dream . '' *, 
  if we are to continue the dream analogy , let us start from the top . 
  anu ( stasis ) and padomay ( change ) represent the mind of the dreamer , anu the blank slate of the dreamer 's mind in his sleeping state , and padomay the ideas and thoughts in the dreamer 's memory . 
  the imposition of thoughts on the mind creates dreams , just as anu and padomay created the known realms . 
  the et ` ada are the incarnations of the dreamer in the dream .
