  does this run a risk of damaging the laptop ? 
  i 've edited the . ini file , but it still wo n't let me . 
  i 've always played morrowind ( and all the other tes games ) as a bosmer thief , and loved it all the way . 
  the problem is that i 've pretty much fallen into a routine that repeats for every character : join thieves guild in balmora -  get free daedric weapon from dram bero -  rob redoran vaults on the way out of vivec -  clear out , rob , and liberate the slaves on the dren plantation . 
  this done , i will ( in no particular order ) : finish robbing the house vaults , complete the thieve 's guild quest , get auriel 's bow and full glass set from ghostgate , join houses telvanni and hlaalu ( yes , you can do this ) , launder artifacts through the mournhold museum , and trudge up to thirsk and poke around a certain tree stump . 
  by the time i 've finished all of this along with whatever else vvardenfell throws at me , i 'm level 30 + and blowing my majority share in the universe turning the ministry of truth into a decked out base with a lord 's men mod . 
  i want to know if anyone knows of better places to rob or explore , or any thief-oriented quests to do . 
  i 've already checked out the vaults in port telvannis ; is the anything else on the mainland i should know about ? 
  what of vvardenfell itself ? 
  ** tl ; dr : ** high level wood elf thief bored out of his mind . 
  help ? 
  well , here we are , and another year 's gone by . 
  devils are dead , vaults have been robbed , and still this game never fails to awe me . 
  be it breathing newly clean air atop red mountain , or loading a brand new mod , the magic continues and not even helseth 's ring can stop me from being swept up in it . 
  i 'd also like to say `` thank you '' to all the awesome people on r/morrowind . 
  i have n't lurked here long , but this has been the most supportive morrowind community i have ever been a part of . 
  we hit 1,000 outlanders this year , and show no sign of slowing down . 
  thank you all for making this such an amazing place . 
  i 've always said `` divayth '' with a short - i and the emphasis on the second syllable , and `` fyr '' just like the word `` fire '' . 
  is this correct ? 
  is there any mod that allows the player to expand upon the `` very special friendship '' with anhassi ? 
  no , i 'm not looking for a racy sex mod , but this has always been a sort of loose end for me . 
  ( full disclosure : i 'm using two mods that come into play right now : julan ashlander companion and acheron 's camping gear . ), 
  after julan kaushibael passed out on the way to ghostgate , he mentioned that we should seek advice from his mother , who lives west of the ahemmusa tribe near vos . 
  i remembered that julan was carrying the camping gear , so i decided that we would hike and camp our way to the ahemmusa , stopping to clear whatever ruins we came across , and only walking between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. 
  it is on this trip that i remembered just how much i hate cliff racers . 
  i counted 9 kills in 3 minutes . 
  pesky wildlife aside , the trip has been spectacular so far . 
  julan and i charged into a dwemer ruin ( which turned out to be galom daeus ) that nearly killed us , said a frosty hello to the erabenimsun , turned northeast , and are currently spending the night in the yurt of the late mal , a rather hostile ashlander , which looks out upon zafirbel bay , while julan tries to memorize his constellations . 
  the trip reminded me of just how * alive * the game is , and how much fun it is to just wander where the ashstorms take you . 
  just thought i 'd share . 
  one project that i 've decided to start in my spare time ( i.e. 
  not soon ) is a pair of mods that do for rethan and indarys manors what buug did for tel uvirith . 
  one preliminary thing that must be decided is transport . 
  buug gave a believable reason for stilt striders to reach tel uvirith , as there is no water for long way . 
  indarys manor will be in a similar position . 
  rethan manor has the unique position of being right next to a river ( the odai river to be exact , the same one that runs through balmora ) . 
  it also has cliffs that would be great for putting a stilt strider port . 
  if i use a boat at rethan , it be a small gondola ( think vivec ) that would take one to and from balmora . 
  i poked around for a bit , and found that the larger boats are almost as wide as the river , so i 'm stuck with the gondola . 
  the other option would be to put in a stilt strider . 
  i am hesitant about this , because it 's such an easy walk to balmora . 
  so : boat or strider ? 
  both , even ? 
  and if i do use a strider , where should it go ? 
  the website is , for me , incredibly slow ( takes ~ 3 minutes to load ) . 
  does anyone else experience this ? 
  [ julan ] ( http://lovkullen.net/emma/kateri.htm ) and i went on a hunting trip and bagged 48 cliff racers in the name of internet freedom . 
  what did the rest of r/morrowind do ? 
  i popped on over to r/skyrim recently and was immediately bombarded with [ s ` wits ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35o1hr/ ) who claim to be tes fans . 
  after a few days of feeling vaguely superior to them , i realized that i myself have never even touched 2 of the 5 games in the series . 
  so , i 'm firing up dosbox and going through arena and daggerfall to round out my experience . 
  as most of my experience is with morrowind , i wondered how these two handled and felt when compared to it . 
  thoughts ? 
  after reading [ the metaphysics of morrowind ] ( http://fallingawkwardly.wordpress.com/2010/08/29/the-metaphysics-of-morrowind-part-1/ ) , particularly part 3 , i pondered the possible implications of gods having access to things like the construction set , as is postulated by that article . 
  immediately , i thought of the dwemer and their disappearance . 
  all gone , all * vanished * , of the face of the mundus just as kagrenac tried to bring them to godhood ? 
  this sounds eerily similar to the `` disable '' command available to players using dev tools like the console or the cs . 
  is it possible that the daedric prince azura `` disabled '' them as punishment for trying to ascend to godhood ? 
  i 'd like to hear what you think . 
  i have heard that the gaint mushrooms dotting vvardenfell are called emperor parasols . 
  can someone confirm ? 
  also , what does bloat come from ? 
  i have never seen a bloatspore . 
  i need to move 2 mooshrooms ~ 4000 blocks ( 100 % legit ssp ) . 
  ideas ? 
  aside from mephala 's quest , i already did that . 
  what is the feasibility of going straight from kerbin to munar orbit without going in to kerbal orbit first ? 
  twice now i have managed to get a lander into munar orbit . 
  both times , i crashed and died upon trying to land . 
  what are some tips for landing , or some good ( all-stock ) lander designs ? 
  seed : 3187050973929450598, 
  a lava lake near bedrock level forms a natural hole in the bedrock to the void . 
  and have no clue how to go about it . 
  backstory : mage , obsessed with the et ` ada , searching for artifacts of power . 
  needless to say , telvanni . 
  what skills should i use ? 
  what race ? 
  are there any lore friendly mods that would greatly enhance the experience ? 
  i know that in the latest snapshot , villagers repopulate villages . 
  my question is : if i kidnap two villagers , bring them to my base , and provide houses , will they populate it ? 
  and how to do it . 
  more specifically , `` extravagant_robe_01_c '' ( the on on the far right in [ this picture ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/file:mw_clothing_extravagantrobesm1.jpg ) ) . 
  i 've come across a few people wearing it and thought that it would be a fantastic robe for my conjurer , but want to get one without killing anyone . 
  none of the clothiers who sell extravagant clothing seem to have it . 
  help ? 
  ever since 0.14 came out , i never have them , only other kerbals . 
  my girlfriend and i are both intjs and get along quite well . 
  however , she was raised in a very traditional vietnamese family where affection was infrequent at best . 
  i , on the other hand , was raised with a great deal of affection ( not smothering , but frequent hugs from parents , etc. ) . 
  we are trying to reconcile these different environments , and she has expressed an interest in learning to be more openly affectionate . 
  have any of you been in her position , and if so , how should we go about `` training '' each other ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/qi1l9/you_can_crash_into_the_sun_in_014/c3xs2b5 ) , i decided to set the goal of landing a ship on kerbol ( the sun ) . 
  i would like some input on how to design a ship that has a snowball 's chance in hell of surviving the landing . 
  i also need some data on kerbol itself ( things like where the surface is ) . 
  all help is appreciated . 
  korolev may have been on to something . 
  i just escaped atmo and the boosters have n't even run dry yet . 
  if lord dagon was trying to retake all of nirn , it would make sense that he would launch attacks in other continents as well . 
  do we have any information on these ?
