  thanks for voting her in . 
  the numbers do seem more promising that actions , sometimes . 
  only one flaw : `` nereverine '' in the caption for image 19 should be `` nerev * a * rine '' . 
  other than that , awesome !, 
  `` never shy of taking on the west [ ... ] '', 
  what hemisphere do they think ecuador is in ? 
  perhaps . 
  it can also showcase the ability to find that spirit in people not normally called humans . 
  welcome , please hang your coat by the door . 
  do n't mind the corprus stalkers , they 're just there in case someone tries to leave . 
  clearly , the solution is to launch a mammoth ship capable of standing on the seafloor , at the perfect height to have a deck beside the waves . 
  guards will help against hostile creatures , not npcs . 
  in fact , it 's cold as hell . 
  we have plenty of cages , too many , even . 
  the problem is that we do n't have a system willing to lock up people with money . 
  the quest proceeds whether you successfully frame him or fail , so i always deliberately take too long . 
  that 's 2x2 . 
  2 high by 2 wide . 
  that 's how this notation works . 
  they probably did . 
  first and best . 
  was not that heart torn from him and shot into the mundus , not given ? 
  or does it even matter ? 
  i 'm just going to pretend kerberos was named after kerbal space program . 
  it 's rather amazing that the stuff is going to be up there for so long . 
  i love that series . 
  never managed to read through it all in one sitting before , though . 
  reminds me of ebony armor from morrowind . 
  in that game , it also had a bit of gold on it . 
  you may be able to find one for a solar system , or a galaxy , but probably not both . 
  galaxies are ... big , to say the least . 
  17 , student . 
  do a little welding for mom and dad to save some money , looking at some part-time work to help pay for school . 
  nice to see the tabletop games getting some love !, 
  not really . 
  my experience has been d&d , simply because i knew people into it . 
  the freedom it offers is truly astounding . 
  i have no clue , but if this thread does n't net an answer , post [ here ] ( http://forums.bethsoft.com/topic/1456343-mod-detective-xxvii/ ) on the forums for more help . 
  alternatively , you can save right before he hits the ground . 
  if you load that save , he 'll only be counted as `` falling '' from where he was when you loaded , and thus survive . 
  i hope we still have plenty of mare . 
  thanks !, 
  happy cake day !, 
  i suspect china will be much harder to armtwist now . 
  seems only recently we got the last art pass . 
  time sure flies . 
  most mods ( quests , items , companions ) will run just fine . 
  s'wit is has nothing to do with race or ethnicity . 
  it 's simply a contraction of `` slackwit '' . 
  `` filthy s ` wit '' just means `` filthy idiot '' . 
  yes , it 's found general usage in my vocabulary . 
  it will affect some parts of the main quest and house hlaalu , but the game allows for the deaths . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  honestly , it seems the devs went out of their way to make pillaging the place work quite well . 
  this happened in tel ouada ( tamriel rebuilt ) . 
  i was sleeping in medenb khifzah 's house to bait a morag tong assassin for a quest . 
  wake up , kill assassin , ect . 
  then i went back to sleep to wait for daylight to report my success . 
  at this point i was rudely awakened by another assassin , this time of the dark brotherhood variety . 
  he 's on the bottom floor , so i sneak up and kill him . 
  this gets me a carved ebony dart . 
  it will be noted that at this point i 've been going through a lot of these attacks , so when the third assassin spawns , it 's not a huge surprise . 
  what is surprising is running out of arrows in the middle of the fight . 
  the assassin is mostly dead , but is currently pounding me with a glass jinkblade . 
  before he manages to kill me , i jumped onto a shelf and hurl the carved ebony dart , killing him . 
  to date , i rank it as one of my more impressive accomplishments , killing a dark brotherhood assassin with it 's own signature weapon . 
  i loved that minigame . 
  different rocket/engine . 
  that said , the proton has a 92 % success rate , and the soyuz is amazing . 
  sponges . 
  no fancy stuff , just the 3 ^ 3 cube of air . 
  plop them on the bottom of the ocean . 
  yes , this means you get air bubbles on the bottom of the ocean . 
  and maybe that 's good . 
  it 's a unique feature , and there 's no reason not to add it back . 
  best kind of fun . 
  ok , i 'm not exactly an expert on events over there . 
  could someone explain if this has been a large or growing problem in india ? 
  ok , thank you !, 
  out of curiosity , how exactly is it better ? 
  it looks like one orbiter is 95-97 % complete , but is currently property of ukraine . 
  i must say , the stats of the buran are very impressive . 
  the ex-soviet countries have so much good tech that could be put to use if the money came together . 
  the real question in any potential revival of energia or buran would be the potential use . 
  what role can they serve that something else can not do more cheaply ? 
  if i recall , that was the main argument for the retiring of the shuttle : after the us orbital segment of the iss was complete , it was no longer economical for any function . 
  i 've heard of that . 
  it 's incredibly cool that some of those modules will be up there for so long . 
  20 years or more in zvezda 's case . 
  minecraft , start taking notes . 
  it was written by a guy who first appeared in morrowind . 
  ah , the good old days when wings were legs . 
  maybe we should bring that trend back ... 
  i remember this one !, 
  very nice ship . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's great to see in action , but two of the action groups only deploy 3/4 panels for some reason , so it 's not as smooth as i would like . 
  they 're going to be very long . 
  multiple ions require a lot of power , which is why i have so many panels . 
  my advice is to put the ship in a very high orbit , somewhere around the altitude of the mun , and just let it go .
