  only advice i can give would be to use a program to open morrowind.bsa and edit the sneak icon to be transparent . 
  beyond that , no clue . 
  this will probably win . 
  you have to feed a 3d printer a lot less , and it will probably be cheaper and more economical . 
  so ethics win , even if they 're not the cause . 
  yep . 
  was accused of setting propane tanks in a parking garage on fire . 
  cops had video of my little brother playing with matches in the place , but they figured it would be easier to prosecute a teenage . 
  they gave up after i spent an hour refusing to confess to it . 
  i do n't either . 
  [ copied from here , if you ever need it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delta_%28letter%29 ) . 
  well , i can verify that it is the best . 
  on to the description . 
  julan is a young ashlander who you can rescue outside of ghostgate . 
  he 's proud , and not happy about being saved by an outlander . 
  he will agree to join you ( makes more sense in game than in that description ) to train for a mission he is on . 
  that 's all he 'll tell you for now . 
  he has a questline that progresses alongside the main quest . 
  the mq itself is not changed , rather , his quests are done at the same time and tie in to it . 
  as you go along , you 'll learn more about julan 's past , have many options to interact with him , or even develop a romance . 
  that last bit is optional , but both me and a friend of mine have looked at it in the cs and the game , and it is bar-none the best i have ever seen . 
  it feels natural , and it does not try to sugar coat the issues that invariably pop-up . 
  julan also has a * ton * of dialogue relating to the weather , your location , side quests you 're on , how you 're feeling , how he 's feeling , and even what you 're wearing . 
  he can get drunk at bars ( and has to to progress at one point ) . 
  he 's truly a well formed person , again , the best i have ever seen in a game or mod anywhere . 
  mechanics :, 
  first and foremost , he follows you around ( of course ) . 
  there are a few ways he does this well : he can follow you when you use divine or almsivi intervention , or recall to an exterior location . 
  if he 's following you and gets too far away ( from being stuck , pathing issues , etc ) he will teleport close behind you . 
  a bit odd , but in practice the best solution to morrowind 's admittedly bad follower ai . 
  he can levitate with you and take travel services , as well . 
  soon after you get him , he 'll open up the companion share feature , allowing you to access his inventory and upgrade or repair his weapons ( do n't forget this ) . 
  he can learn the ability to perform basic spells , such as healing you or himself . 
  later , if you get him a good hammer , he can function as a repair npc . 
  i hope this helps ; i know i 've gotten hours of enjoyment from him . 
  no , i do n't . 
  you 'll have to do some digging . 
  i really want you to be right . 
  he begins interacting with it almost immediately , if only through suspicion towards caius and dialogue relating to your strange missions . 
  you must pick him up before the quest '' [ vivec informants ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:vivec_informants ) '' . 
  i recommend getting him as soon as possible , just to enjoy all the side dialogue . 
  never heard of such a thing . 
  i 'm also quite doubtful it could even be done . 
  this looks like an excellent way to get my cpu ready for the summer grilling season . 
  in the alt orethan ( in tamriel rebuilt ) mine craps out at 5 . 
  will it be a demo ? 
  i was under the impression that what we got would be a paid-for alpha , and a demo would be a free ... demo . 
  he 's revealed what he wanted to . 
  after that 's done , i think it 's fairly understandable that his own skin moves a little higher up on the priority list . 
  you could try widening the window . 
  we 'll , you get expelled for attacking a member , taking a member 's stuff , or sleeping in a member 's bed . 
  wait 30 days ( 10 days if you wait in any guildhall except caldera ) . 
  then ask for re-admission . 
  there may not be a reason to , but we still want to ... 
  they 're doing a fantastic job of showing how many people are no friends of theirs in this case . 
  38 degrees fahrenheit or celsius ? 
  man , stuff must have gone _ far _ downhill in the 12 years since kindergarten . 
  it is . 
  it absolutely is . 
  ok , thanks . 
  yes . 
  and if we 're going by death toll , stalin was worse , by far . 
  there was no `` good guy '' on the eastern front . 
  in all honesty , the wehrmacht often treated occupied civilian areas far better . 
  nobody escaped that war without a lot of innocent blood on their hands . 
  i do n't think the us would risk it . 
  i hope not . 
  he 's done most of the damage he can do , and risking a near act of war over him is really stupid . 
  they would do massive damage , yes . 
  but we do have other places to import cheap goods from , such as indonesia , bangladesh , taiwan , etc. 
  it would hurt like hell , but china does stand to loose more . 
  risk losing even more respect . 
  snowden is too high-profile to quietly disappear . 
  the us is incredibly reliant on complicit allies to carry out foreign policy , and alienating them can and has hurt us . 
  simply put , the man is n't worth it . 
  ca n't be done . 
  the ions do n't produce enough thrust to lift their own weight . 
  what have i done ... 
  actually , now that you 're a citizen , i do n't think you can be kicked out , even for treason . 
  still do n't recommend . 
  well , i learn something new every day . 
  it does seem so stupid that location of birth still plays a role . 
  on the one hand ... 
  i want to download because cubeworld . 
  but this is also a betrayal of trust . 
  i _ want _ to pay for this , and i want wollay and pixie 's effort to pay off , without some jerk throwing a bump in the release . 
  so , waiting wins . 
  this time . 
  should be good with all of them . 
  he 's not stateless . 
  the only revoked his passport . 
  he 's still a citizen , so unless he goes to an american embassy and renounces his citizenship ( and risk arrest on embassy grounds ) , he 's not stateless . 
  if he had _ any _ sense , he would have taken a large amount of cash with him . 
  longer . 
  it 's going to be a while before release . 
  the majority of the damn state is very conservative . 
  davis running would be awesome , but my hopes are not high ... 
  i 'd recommend them . 
  they may well not be your type of game , but without knowing your preferences , my experience has been that they are well-made and very fun . 
  sounds great !,
