  i know . 
  and i 'm not saying they should be violently persecuted here . 
  they still seem like weird cultists . 
  have to say , `` first lord '' will never happen . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking . 
  i do n't think it actually would , as it 's not technically a noble position , but it 's an argument no one would want to have . 
  nicely flown !, 
  i 'm very impressed with the base rover . 
  i saw them !, 
  taking a look at it now . 
  expect a few messages shortly bugging you about streaming stuff , if i cant make it work myself . 
  you may also want to replace the large tank with one that has a port on both ends . 
  you can also sign me on as a backup to 67 if no one takes it . 
  they are . 
  i 'm not flowing with time either , but it should be a fairly cut and dry mission . 
  easily up to 11 . 
  of course . 
  i hope you can take it !, 
  the germans do have decent jets - for wwii . 
  throw an early 40s jet against the premier dogfighters in korea , you have problems . 
  [ ibar-dad ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:ibar-dad ) might be as good . 
  i always hit it on my way to the urshilaku camp . 
  there 's probably a mod for that . 
  that 's a known typo , present in the base game itself . 
  there may be a mod to fix it , but there 's not a known `` fix '' to give you . 
  well , stranger , you have informed someone today . 
  nice job , and thank you . 
  funny , it may be the one skill that i 've never touched . 
  my understanding is that the escape velocity is greater than the speed of light . 
  consider an elliptical orbit . 
  as you move from the apoapsis ( high point ) to periapsis ( low point ) , you speed up . 
  arcing back up , you slow down , losing the speed you built on the fall inward and trading it for energy to keep going , until you get back to the apoapsis . 
  however , if that periapsis is inside the event horizon of a black hole , things get hairy . 
  black holes have tons of gravity , so an object can fall in really , really fast . 
  however , because the gravity is so strong , once an object or photon is inside , the speed needed to coast back out actually exceeds the speed of light . 
  that brings up other questions , namely , what happens to all of that energy if the photon ca n't convert it into speed , but that 's beyond me . 
  a post on tamrielic nobility would actually be very interesting . 
  that would require gaijin to stop being totally obsessed with having all jets at rank 5 . 
  all german jets are screwed . 
  a year for this picture would help a lot . 
  i can be backup to 71 . 
  that is amazing . 
  thank you for the link . 
  white american dating a vietnamese girl . 
  to say i am not the most popular with her family ... 
  to be fair , i attribute most of this to batshit insanity on the part of her mother , not culture . 
  from what i gather , her parents are n't exactly close . 
  at all . 
  stressful situation for everyone there . 
  add to that the fact that after two years , the most diplomatic way i can still describe her mother is `` manipulative bitch '' . 
  ever since she figured out that i might be remotely interesting in her daughter , any time together outside of classes was ostensibly `` studying '' at her house , with her mother constantly insulting me in vietnamese ( though acting very nice whenever she did speak to me , which is rarely ) . 
  after a year or so and the `` scrawny boy '' ( me ) still had n't taken her hints and gone away like she wanted , her story evolved from `` he 's desperate and wants to rape you '' to `` he 's desperate and wants you to take care of his autism '' ( which i do n't even have ) . 
  on top of that , she 's done her very best to make my girlfriend feel both entirely worthless about herself as well as duty-bound to stay home and `` take care of [ her ] '' . 
  i * think * she 's scared of losing her control via making my girlfriend run away . 
  she actually threatened to disown her once , but ate her words after her bluff got called on it . 
  so , dealing with it ... that 's harder on my girlfriend 's end of it . 
  i can simply smile politely and take immense pleasure in seeing her mother 's face twitch when she talks to me . 
  not healthy , perhaps , but oh well . 
  she actually still lives with her , which , unbeknownst to her mother , she may change soon . 
  the two of us still love each other after two years of this , which i suppose vindicates all of our high school counselors who were apparently shipping us together when we first started dating . 
  we both work on the issues together , and her mother ca n't split that . 
  very nice !, 
  that 's great !, 
  docking is huge ; i remember a distinct amount of cheering when i got my first docking done . 
  it was still fun , and thanks !, 
  i definitely have better plans for future drones , if something like this is done again . 
  more like they built a minivan and decided it would make a great taxi . 
  nice vtol !, 
  just do n't ever start making cliff racers too , they 're bad enough already without you working on them . 
  wow . 
  nice job !, 
  it 's cool to say a take on a station core besides the mir core module clones i default to . 
  i 'll go grab the save , and if it looks good , be off to laythe . 
  again . 
  aborted edit attempt ? 
  was it something you want that i could try to add while i 'm using it ? 
  indeed , fearless leader , spare our humble stations . 
  interplanetary space is one hell of a spam filter . 
  i really hope this does n't happen . 
  maybe you 'd have to add some paper planes for the axis powers , but i think it would be a lot better to have them top out in 1945 , * facing comparable allied aircraft , * and let the usa and the soviets have a hypothetical tier 6 in korea . 
  indeed . 
  i image the poles would be by far the best place to try . 
  that was a really well done criticism . 
  thanks for putting it together ; it 's straight to the point about the problems that need to be fixed . 
  until you realize that people actually live there . 
  / r/morrowind mod here , confirmed , is appreciated . 
  more information : the kristall module that the space shuttle is docked to was usually docked to one of the side ports of the core module , specifically , the one facing away from the camera in this picture . 
  it had to be relocated to the end port to avoid the shuttle colliding with one of the core module 's solar arrays . 
  the periodic relocation of kristall was risky , and the arm used to move it had no backup in case of failure . 
  because of the risk , the [ mir docking module ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mir_docking_module ) was sent up on sts-74 . 
  this served as a spacer , allowing kristall to remain in its normal location while giving the shuttle room to clear mir 's solar arrays . 
  tripod is adorable !, 
  new problem i 've only recently encountered : planes i 'm chasing in ab deliberately crashing instead of trying to fight . 
  i mean , if you 're going to do that , at least try to ram * me * and not the ground . 
  * if * rsp-72 takes place during a weekend , i can take it . 
  also , that mission now needs a seaplane packed on to rescue the drone crew . 
  again . 
  boris yeltsin . 
  i 've done it on minmus before the recent update , but cut it very close . 
  i did have to refuel on the ground .
