  you can find the link at the header on the top of the page . 
  still too much padding and white space . 
  for comparison , it 's 5/8th of an inch from the left side of my monitor to the center of the voting arrows on the front page of / r/askreddit , vs. 1\u00a01/8 th on / r/kerbalspaceprogram . 
  the same measurements on the comment pages are 3/8th and 5/8th for each one , respectively . 
  this is just an example , but i think it explains the problem fairly well . 
   great ** axe **, 
  yes , it 's an axe . 
  because ~ ~ nobody ~ ~ somebody told us not to . 
  heck , they should nerf it to the point where using it for interstellar flight is an almost serious consideration . 
  it would remove the objection i have to it . 
  if you 're not harming or killing a living creature to make the food , then i do not give a single fuck what the cell structure is . 
  now , after having been a vegetarian so long , i might simply have lost the taste for it , but that 's an entirely different matter . 
  it simply does n't register as food anymore . 
  a lot of us would instead like the nsa to vastly tone down the amount of data it gathers . 
  it is becoming very clear that many methods used were unconstitutional . 
  if they want to do this , they need to get in line and try to pass an amendment . 
  two artifacts are better : the [ cuirass of the savior 's hide ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:cuirass_of_the_savior%27s_hide ) , found in tel fyr , and the [ boots of the apostle ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:boots_of_the_apostle_%28artifact%29 ) , found in berandas . 
  they have . 
  we keep our inverted scheme and politely answer the inevitable question that comes up every few months . 
  the farms also have carrots and wheat . 
  that , plus potatoes occasionally dropping from zombies , gives you all three major food crops . 
  if anything , it 's easier . 
  both countries suffered horribly during wwii , for which the japanese have yet to fully apologize . 
  neither of them are going to be at all pleased that the japanese are circumventing their own constitution to build a major navy . 
  `` something is burning , and it is me ! '', 
  love it . 
  oh man , this reminds me of a crazy experience : i had the building up uvirith 's grave mod ( great mod , by the way ) and way getting ready to move my stuff over there from ralen hlaalo 's corpse . 
  i walked in , clicked `` take all '' , and teleported over to my nice , new tower ... 
  ... with stendar 's hammer and 4000 + pounds of everything imaginable . 
  i could have planned that better . 
  one nit-pick : on february 17th , the lone wanderer should be inducted `` posthumously '' not `` post-humorously '' . 
  other than that , very well done !, 
   as the thalmor were the ones doing the heavy lifting in terms of homeland defense during the oblivion crisis . 
  or so it is claimed . 
  by the thalmor . 
  i do n't know , but [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j8ljdcm5gq ) is a great piano rendition . 
  morrowind can run on newer computers . 
  you should totally give it a spin . 
  i 'd prefer that they focus on what made morrowind good , and implement it in newer games . 
  a new setting is a good thing . 
   . mil is too secure for the attackers, 
  `` anonymous '' et . 
  are just going to see that as a challenge . 
  as of two years ago , it was required in my high school sophomore year english class . 
  good read , too . 
  oh shit , that ca n't have been good . 
  tech help thread for this , please . 
  he is charged , and i believe the us would arrest him if he were in a place they could ( i.e. , if he were still in the us ) . 
  they have made no attempt to actually capture him that we know of , with the exception of trying to have the bolivian president 's plane forced to land in europe because of suspicions snowden was aboard . 
  oh man , so do i. i 've gone to crazy lengths to keep my guys alive . 
  my last flight of .20 actually delayed me for a few days , because i had to fly a kerbal , slowly using a jetpack to push a mission home from a suborbital trajectory over the mun . 
  milbro is a damn hero . 
  good on you . 
  i know . 
  i 've been busy getting ready to start college and modding for tamriel rebuilt , so i 've had to wait . 
  i 'll try to get something within three days or so . 
  depends on the circumstances . 
  as it was , i had a command pod on a high , though still suborbital , trajectory . 
  the command pod itself is an inert object with no propulsion ( i had run out of fuel ) , so the only change in velocity would be from gravity , slowing me down until i hit apoapsis , and then accelerating me on the way down . 
  from that pod i could send out a kerbal , who could use it 's jetpack to slowly push the pod and alter the trajectory . 
  but since the jetpack has limited fuel that gets refilled by going back in the capsule , i was stuck in a cycle of get out -  push -  get back in . 
  rinse and repeat until the trajectory forms an orbit , with the low point above the surface now . 
  then do it dozens of times again to reach escape velocity , and still more to put it on a path into the atmosphere . 
  bugfixes , book replacements , and a bit of new land . 
  more information is on the link provided . 
  i love it !, 
  i 've always been a big fan of the skyrim works , andit 's great to see that talent be applied here . 
  taiwan was still governed by mainland china at that point . 
  while nice , the better place for this is / r/kerbalspaceprogram . 
  this sub is more for things regarding real world space news/articles/etc . 
  governed by japan from 1895 to 1945 . 
  well , i learned something new today . 
  thanks , stranger . 
  not just arizona . 
  a rather large portion of the country ( central texas , in my case ) has the same issue . 
  with the watering restrictions , green lawns often do n't work . 
  plus , in my area , the value is tied up in the land , not the house . 
  so many houses get bulldozed to make way for goddamn wannabe mansions that the house/yard plays a very small role in property value . 
  i do n't know if it 's an option where you live , but horseherb is a nice groundcover my family 's had in the yard since forever . 
  it requires almost no maintenance , maybe none at all . 
  it 's rather drought tolerant , and can be reasonably attractive . 
  only drawback is that some consider it a weed , so if you live in an area where there are rules about that sort of thing , it may not work . 
  ok , let 's brainstorm . 
  hundred years war is a good starting event , but we could really use something a bit more relevant to the name ( thimble ) . 
  now , we have the story of queen anne ( after whom queen anne 's lace is named after ) who pricked her finger sewing , presumably after not using a thimble . 
  i did some wikipedia searches , and have verified that thimbles were in use in europe at this time , thus making a thimble related joke historically appropriate . 
  all you have to do is turn these events into a sufficiently amusing joke . 
  moderator of / r/morrowind here . 
  it 's not funny . 
  i almost never have to ban anyone ( i 'll always love the sub for that ) , and when i do , it 's the stupid , intolerable crap that people are supposed to get banned for in the first place . 
  not to mention the the power to ban is more of a regrettably needed clean-up tool , not a `` fuck you '' to people i do n't like , so there 's not even that satisfaction . 
  funny , sometimes i wonder if that 's _ exactly _ what my os is doing . 
  no , just a very old copy of xp for me . 
  it 's probably the computer 's fault more than the os , but i should not have to wait 2 seconds for the start menu to open . 
  i 'm looking at gaming laptops , now that the money is there . 
  is 8 really that bad ? 
  do you know if 7 is better ? 
  welcome to the us ... 
  seriously , that is one part of the british system i like . 
  two-party systems have fucked up every country they touch .
