  moving as quietly as i could manage , i darted through the doorway on the left , taking me into the storeroom . 
  the circular room was three meters wide , consisting of a ground floor piled high with boxes and barrels , and a narrow staircase winding up the wall to a partial second floor above . 
  realizing this was my best chance for staying away from the guard , i ran up . 
  the floor took up half of the room , with a short railing on the open side . 
  sacks were piled along the wall next to a table , and i stuffed myself behind them to listen . 
  right as i finished hiding myself , the guard walking into the room . 
  peering through the gaps in the wood planks in the floor , i could see that it was a male imperial . 
  he looked quite bored , as those on guard duty tend to be . 
  he made no effort to go up the stairs , instead preferring to glance around several times before walking back up the stairs . 
  i stayed behind those sacks for some time , identifying the pattern of the guard 's patrols . 
  each round took him about 10 minutes , and had a predictable pattern . 
  six minutes were spent upstairs , one glancing around the storeroom i was hiding in , two inspecting another ground floor room , and a minute spent walking between them . 
  now that i knew this , i was able to develop my own pattern for `` inspecting '' the storeroom 's contents . 
  first , i looked through the sacks in my own part of the room . 
  most were simple sundries , though a few contained moon sugar , a narcotic favored by the khajiit , cat-people of the southern province of elsweyr . 
  some bottles of the drug 's refined form , skooma , sat on the table . 
  one of the bags , however , contained a quiver of several dozen iron tipped arrows . 
  this was truly excellent , for i was a good shot with a bow , as most bosmer are . 
  if i could acquire one , it would greatly help me on my journey . 
  for the next few hours , i slowly raided the storeroom , making dashes downstairs every few minutes to grab what i could from the boxes . 
  i ended up with a set of nordic fur armor , an imperial short sword , and a few more gold coins . 
  the rest i decided to leave . 
  i could n't afford to be caught , and now was no time to press my luck . 
  the last thing i did was crawl back behind the sacks and rest until nightfall . 
  as soon as the sun went down , i slipped out the door and made my way across the street to the tradehouse . 
  [ part 5 here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/comments/1bn2wd/morrowind_fanfic_from_the_shadow_of_the_dragon/ ), 
  soon after the sun dipped below the horizon , i walked into the tradehouse . 
  the smell of the marsh outside was quickly replaced by woodsmoke from the fireplaces and several scents i would learn to ascribe to the various native liquors , mainly matze and sujamma . 
  behind the counter was a very tall man , with his golden skin and pointed ears clearly marking him as one of the town 's few altmer . 
  his figure was full enough to suggest a life of relative wealth , though far short of outright laziness . 
  his eyes were calculating , though not without a trace of warmth . 
  he smiled as i entered . 
  `` welcome , bosmer . 
  you must be the one fargoth mentioned earlier . 
  arrille , at your service . '', 
  `` exovian , '' i replied , shaking his hand across the counter . 
  `` so , what will it be today ? 
  potions , weapons , maybe a drink ? '', 
  `` weapons and armor first , i think . 
  you would n't happen to have a bow , would you ? '', 
  `` as a matter of fact , i do , '' the altmer replied . 
  `` it 's a short bow , native-made from laminated chitin . 
  the dunmer use it to make a variety of light armor and some crude weapons . 
  it works well enough for bows , due to its natural elasticity . 
  not outstanding , but it does the job . 
  i have a set of the armor in the back , if you 're interested . 
  it beats those fur pieces , at any rate . '', 
  `` bring it out . 
  i 'd like to have a look at it . '' i was very interested at this point . 
  back in valenwood , bone and chitin were common materials , because the green pact with the god y\u2019 ffre forbade the harming of the trees of valenwood , meaning all wood had to be imported . 
  my own adopted father had been a bonesmith , turning bones and shells into weapons and armor for passing adventurers . 
  it seemed the dunmer found similar applications . 
  arrille returned to the counter , presenting me with a set of chitin armor and the bow he had mentioned . 
  the armor was typical for chitin , light and flexible , but not incredibly strong . 
  nonetheless , it would provide a respectable amount of protection if i was careful . 
  the bow was of similar quality , and i would really have to get a better one at some point . 
  but , it was what i had available , and i decided to buy it and the armor . 
  arrille and i spent the next ten minutes working out a deal . 
  after handing over the fur set and several septims , i walked out of the tradehouse looking for all the world like an enormous , white , humanoid bug . 
  as i passed through the doorway , arrille called after me . 
  `` if you want to practice a bit with that bow of yours , you could do us all a favor and check out a cave in the swamp , north of the strider . 
  addamasartus , they call it . 
  a trio of bandits have set up camp , harassing travellers on the east road . '', 
  i thought for a moment . 
  by law , bandits were fair targets for anyone with the ability to hunt them down , and eradicating them could prove quite profitable if they had anything of value . 
  `` three , you said ? '', 
  `` yes . 
  should n't be too hard . 
  all their victims have been unarmed . '', 
  that was good news . 
  more lucrative targets usually had guards , so the fact that none had been targeted meant that these bandits probably had little skill at arms . 
  even with the confidence that came with a bow in my hands , i did n't feel like taking on a band of hardened outlaws . 
  as the twin moons , masser and secunda , rose in the sky , i made my way toward the edge of town . 
  when i came to the strider port , i turned north . 
  almost immediately , the path faded into the swamp , and i found myself pushing through masses of ferns and vines . 
  soon , however , i found myself on the bank of a small pond , lit by the blue light of draggle-tail flowers . 
  across from me was a crude wooden door leading to the cave arrille had mentioned . 
  making my way around the murky water , i pushed open the door and crept inside . 
  [ part 6 here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/comments/1dlpvv/morrowind_fanfic_from_the_shadow_of_the_dragon/ ) - if you 're coming from / r/morrowind , i forgot to post part 6 over there , so give it a read !, 
  the first thing i noticed was the firelight . 
  flattening myself against the wall , i slowly moved forward until i could see its source . 
  the tunnel very soon emerged on the high wall of a roughly circular room , turning down and to the left to meet the floor . 
  a fire burned in the center of the room , on the other side of which was a small overturned boat . 
  a female dunmer sat next to it , resting a dagger on her knee as she stared into the flames . 
  as long as i stayed put , there was little danger of being seen . 
  the woman was too intent on her fire to notice a small movement on the ledge above . 
  but as soon as she knew i was here , she would sound the alarm , and facing multiple bandits at once was a distinctly unhealthy proposition . 
  but if i did nothing , she might eventually notice me , and i 'd much rather start a fight on my terms . 
  i picked an arrow and drew back the bow . 
  i 'd have to make this shot count , or she 'd be able to raise the alarm . 
  sighting for the center of her chest , i released . 
  the woman let out a small gasp as the arrow took her in the left lung . 
  as she began struggling to her feet , it was quickly followed by a second . 
  this next arrow tore through her throat , and she collapsed to the ground , dead . 
  as soon as her breathing stopped , i crept to the center of the room , looking around for any other bandits . 
  there were none in this chamber . 
  satisfied that i was alone , i took the third arrow off the bowstring and examined the woman 's possessions . 
  the dagger she held was a simple iron blade , and inferior to the imperial short sword i 'd stolen earlier . 
  i left it , and checked her pockets . 
  the only item of note was a small key , probably for the small wooden door i now noticed at the back of the room .
