  but , at heart , a good tester i am not . 
  it 's 1000 acrobatics . 
  catch is , they run out before you come back down . 
  seyda neen and hla oad . 
  actually , the only thing the strength of the slowfall affected is how fast you went down , so with a high strength , you could `` glide '' . 
  but even slowfall 1 stopped all damage . 
  i think some of the parts are kosmos . 
  frequent morrowind player . 
  yes , they hate vampires with a vengeance . 
  as with anything , there are exceptions . 
  congratulations on being one of them !, 
  yes . 
  every block except water , given a long enough drop . 
  eh ... functionally , it 's the lack of a block . 
  technically , it 's a block . 
  ~ ~ nope . 
  creeps has 5k . 
  it 's old mudcrab who has the 10k . ~ ~, 
  my bad , i can not brain today . 
  my bad , i read wrong . 
  yeah , corrected . 
  as a person who at a young age had nightmares about lobsters , fuck you . 
  ( i 'm kidding about the last bit . 
  it 's a cool build ! ), 
  is that why there 's the 18 + limit ? 
  because of possible age issues with minors and an nda ? 
  well , it is * the * archetypal soviet build . 
  should be an `` edit '' button next to your name , right under the / r/morrowind subscriber numbers on the sidebar . 
  maybe i 'll sign on in 1.5 years , if you still need help !, 
  nice work , all of you . 
  well , crap , my massive colony ship does n't quite make the cut ... also , are ion engines permitted ? 
  well , we 're fairly biased here . 
  but seriously , try it . 
  this obviously calls for a mission to glitch through the surface and launch an underground ship to the ksc2 . 
  marksman , short blade , and light armor : to kill things , and avoid the same fate . 
  sneak and security : if you 're going to be thief , best not to get caught . 
  conjuration : command spells and summoned backup . 
  mysticism : for mark , recall , and the interventions . 
  these make life much easier . 
  acrobatics : just one more way to get in and out of places without attention . 
  speechcraft : to wheedle info out of folks . 
  also helps a bit with prices . 
  alteration : for telvanni towers . 
  no , you 're fine !, 
  thanks for this . 
  additionally , if you want a mage with a ton of weaknesses , go with an altmer . 
  the way you used the tail connector to spit the two engines like you did is very creative , and quite pleasing to the eye . 
  wings can seem just a tad wide , though . 
  that said , excellent job !, 
  in the regrettable absence of / u/ratesyourship , 9/10 . 
  the bane of server owners everywhere . 
  the millenium falcon : '' - because , much like the vessels that transport us through our lives , it is a little bit of a mess . 
  and has removable panels to hide when smuggling . '', 
  around [ 5 seconds in ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=u1fo3ol4rps#t=5s ) , that looks like the craziest , awesomest , most fucked up steam train ever . 
  i intend to . 
  the time varies between installments , though , because i only write when i feel ready . 
  it makes it fun and not draining , even if it takes time . 
  on another note , any ideas for a proper title ? 
  `` spread out '' is putting it a bit mildly ... 
  really , akatosh probably has dibs . 
  that 's very true . 
  however , it does mean that mods will likely be harder to make and more prone to conflicts . 
  if it ever gets worked out , it 'd be great . 
  i loved that novelty . 
  i do . 
  at least on beaches bordering snow biomes , it should replace sand . 
  see , if i were in that position , i 'd * love * to hide this stuff just for the benefit of the one person who got it . 
  a reward for actually using your brain . 
  it does . 
  it 's factored into a lot of little things . 
  whatever happened to that ? 
  it occurs to me that if you could make a very long looping . gif or something of this flying around the space center , it would make an awesome screensaver . 
  i do n't know , but i would totally take my girlfriend to this . 
  fyi , that mod 's being updated soon . 
  while i agree that omgsqueeiwantitnow , are these more complex animations going to have any negative effects on cpu requirements/physics calculations ? 
  my rig is seeming more and more spud-like with every update . 
  ( ok , the new art passes were sweet . 
  that actually helped . ), 
  i just get worried about stuff adding up . 
  thanks for the response , and very nice work !, 
  what altitude are the `` clouds '' at ? 
  i am this person . 
  right behind valenwood is almost certainly black marsh ... 
  i tried this once . 
  i may try a simpler idea sometime , but last time the total number of responses was `` 0 '' , so i 'm not terribly enthusiastic . 
  and you 're probably right , too . 
  ok , what you need is an srb to ignite when you leave the ramp . 
  i do n't know how others feel , but rescue missions are my favorites . 
  oh , you 're one to talk . 
  yes . 
  look up abot 's mods . 
  when i was in 8th grade , i did a research project on the spread of islam . 
  it was very eye-opening to see how the same words , the same religion , can be interpreted so differently across hundreds of times and places . 
  i would say it was a very good thing to learn about , given the post 9/11 hysteria the whole country still seems unable to shake . 
  i found one particular quote very interesting . 
  the writer was interviewing the neighbors of an imam ( ? ), 
  who lived in new york , and who had become locally well known for helping released convicts find new careers . 
  the man being interviewed was a gas station owner , who said of the imam , `` he may be a muslim , but he 's the best christian i 've ever known . '', 
  oh man , that is rich !, 
  ok . rhodok sharpshooters can beat , one on one , most units in the game , save knights , mamelukes , and huscarls .
