  might want to hold out for a bit . 
  that said , huge recommendation for julan . 
  hands down , the best mod in my load list along with tr . 
  ah , the munar arches . 
  you ca n't save and leave the station like that , can you ? 
  very nicely done !, 
  if i recall , the dovahkiin also has the option of basically telling the blades to stuff it , so that could happen too . 
  blades are mortal and , currently , very outnumbered . 
  the end is a finite island . 
  the dimension is infinite , but empty . 
  go beyond the island and it 's actually very creepy . 
  on a server i was on , a faction i led built a bridge 1700 blocks out from the main island , built a platform , and burned the bridge . 
  we used it as our base , and while it was very cool , as well as the only base that never got raided , it was very eerie being so inconsolably * alone * like that . 
  the other issue is endermen . 
  when your base is the only area around , they spawn in droves . 
  we fixed that by making a dark island near the base , but just out of range of the snow golems we had patrol . 
  the golems would target the endermen , and they would teleport to the island and rarely come back . 
  it was very intense . 
  sadly , no . 
  the server ( ashwater survival ) reset soon after . 
  tel aetherius was n't much to look at , just a platform , a jungle tree with some mushroom houses , a farm , and a sign pointing into the void saying `` somewhere : 1.7 km '' . 
  the concept was the exciting part . 
  sometimes , i actually took breaks to lest my eyes rest from the static sky . 
  will it be possible to have an option to turn off the block conflicts between aether and nether ? 
  those were annoying , even if a tad understandable . 
  also , will the portal support the transfer of mobs between dimensions ? 
  excellent . 
  my testificates are in for a whole new world of wow . 
  good stream !, 
  i enjoyed it . 
  all the old stuff is still here , and none of the new stuff is essential . 
  have at it !, 
  hello other elder scrolls fan !, 
  yes , replicating telvanni architecture in minecraft has always been a pastime of mine . 
  a quick poke in the cs reveals 1 chest , one desk , and one closet . 
  allow me to recommend [ two ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/download--11423 ) rather nice [ mods ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/download--5817 ) , both of which have greatly increased my enjoyment of tel uvirith , while remaining lore-friendly . 
  have fun !, 
  thank you for making this choice . 
  fan here , your music is awesome . 
  the aether portal will take mobs between worlds now . 
  welcome . 
  please leave your soul on the rack by the door . 
  i 'd backup your save , and use the placeatpc command to try to fix it . 
  it looks like the issue is that the game is searching for modded dwemer robots that the mod adds , but you already progressed passed the stage to add . 
  alternatively , a later upgrade adds a tinker , and this might reset the robots . 
  that would be fine . 
  simply , the mod 's centurion guards are different than the ones used in the vanilla game . 
  since you played vanilla during the phase they were added , the modded ones were never enabled . 
  because of * that * , the mod scripts helpfully run around coughing up error messages because the expected targets ( modded robots ) are simply not there . 
  edit : oh , also , mora uvirith should work just fine with buug , if it does interest you . 
  edit 2 : `` placeatpc `` uvi_centurion_sphere_1 '' 1,1,1 '' should have been `` placeatpc `` uvi_centurion_sphere_1 '' 1 , 1 , 1 '', 
  indeed very useful . 
  i must say , after playing so long with vanilla heads , it just would n't feel right to change ... 
  fair points all . 
  i find it incredibly dickish the way kirkbride reacted . 
  if i recall , a lot of his stuff is forum posts , and i do n't know how much control he really has over it to begin with . 
  and shows no sign of ending . 
  next time , orbit the sun clockwise , and hit another planet . 
  especially considering it was designed to be ambiguous and confusing to begin with . 
  i still find them nice , mainly for long distance transport . 
  something big is afoot ... and i like it !, 
  the centurion is neither , it 's just an advanced variety in some ruins . 
  little tip - if that lampshade is such a pain , open the console , click it , and type `` disable '' . 
  now it 's gone . 
  no problem !, 
  hey ... get this ... maybe it 's a use for furnace carts !, 
  yes , that 's a default `` giant honking box with an exclamation mark '' used to show that a mesh is missing . 
  i really want to criticize that joke . 
  i really do . 
  but i ca n't . 
  enjoy your victory , you magnificent bastard . 
  first , do n't use winzip , get 7zip or peazip . 
  they 're much better and more stable . 
  aside from that , i do n't know . 
  i 'm glad you enjoy it !, 
  oh god ... 
  i have limited time , and two mods looking for interior work ... 
  source ? 
  which it does . 
  oh , i most certainly want to . 
  it 's simply a choice about budgeting my scarce free time . 
  ok , i see 8 spaces between the spokes , yet everyone says 16 . 
  what gives ? 
  got it . 
  what mods ? 
  all of my early rockets ... 
  [ this quest ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:the_beauty_and_the_bandit ) in morrowind involves helping a dunmer and a breton start a relationship . 
  ... everything i know is wrong ... 
  hla oad 's right on my way !, 
  seems the long legs would make it very easy for them . 
  a removal of the big three . 
  this supposed to be morag tong ? 
  this game has produced a ton of fantastic fan art . 
  is there * any * npc that does n't exist in lore ? 
  i do n't guess they 'd care too much . 
  i mean , vivec and mephala being worshiped ... 
  eh , my interpretation was that he 's a harmless old cat who achieved chim and likes messing with people , so take it as you will , i guess . 
  ok , cheat-y , but works : enchant a ring with drain intelligence 100 points for 1 second on self . 
  when the effect is over , your intelligence will be back to normal , which will recalculate your magicka , setting it to 100 % . 
  correction : there is an * option * to make it not work .
