  i would suggest switching the order of 49 and 50 . 
  also , i 'll take 47 . 
  my first duna trip , might as well make it grand . 
  i assume the base can have wheels , and does it need to have room for more modules ? 
  give room for a crew before you pack the place full of toys for them . 
  that 's how iss and mir have been , anyway , and i think it makes sense . 
  also , is there an upper limit for the crew capacity of the duna base ? 
  i have some ideas , but i thought i 'd check . 
  if no one takes 51 , i 'll go for it . 
  thanks !, 
  it was a fun mission , and i look forward to more !, 
  this is the old thread from last week ( my fault , i did n't get the new one up until now ) . 
  please repost in the new thread , stickied at the top of the main page . 
  it 's not exactly difficult to just have a separate ksp install folder to use for stuff . 
  understandably jaded , to be fair . 
  probably . 
  this is putin 's big chance to look good on a world stage . 
  minecraft, 
  kerbal space program, 
  that list is n't really in order , as those games are too different to perfectly compare . 
  plenty of honorable mentions , too ... 
  may try this during a mission . 
  then again ... gods , my voice . 
  yeah , my voice is fine until i hear it , though i suspect that 's everyone . 
  as a former day care worker , i feel qualified to say that pulling this off would be exponentially harder than simply telling them to grab it . 
  at that age , order breaks down in numbers . 
  are those energia boosters on the top ? 
  what happened to meridia to make it a big mistake ? 
  uh , you may want to add a `` not '' somewhere in there . 
  your biggest problem may simply me that minecraft is a world with infinite supply of many things . 
  how will you stop that from sinking a market-based economy ? 
  here is a link to his stuff on mmh : http://mw.modhistory.com/search-au-connary, 
  except , to a certain degree , it does n't matter . 
  kim jong-un is talking . 
  to somebody . 
  it 's not a perfect start , but it at least offers the hope that * something * can get through to him . 
  it seems so . 
  here is a simple infographic of the 3 satellites that the mars rovers use to transmit data : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:pia16106_-_curiosity_speaks_and_orbiters_listen.jpg, 
  no tes stuff , but some very nice work , nonetheless . 
  one question : do any mods you have depend on any of the missing bsas ? 
  additionally , while i am happy to try to help , the tech help thread is where to go for this , and if it did not help , to ask elsewhere . 
  it exist precisely to keep posts like this off the front . 
  alright , glad to help !, 
  bosmer thief named exovian ( they 're all bosmer thieves named exovian , but moving on ... ) . 
  first character i beat all 3 main quests with . 
  eventually got archeron 's camping gear , and made the ministry of truth into my own palace . 
  i moved a ton of guys in with a lord 's men , commanded lustidrike into a cell with dancers , surrounded him with booze , and decked out the guards in various different armor sets . 
  good for you . 
  it 's specifically a ban on content more recent than 20 years . 
  yes , it 's a somewhat arbitrary , if reasonable , rule . 
  eh , elementary school is a crazy age ( well , so are all , to a point ) . 
  kids develop the ability to plan with some degree of skill , not great , but basic cause , effect , supplies , etc. 
  now , take one who 's less restrained . 
  you now have someone who can sort of plan , and is a mental condition that allows that plan to manifest . 
  give that kid a silver tongue and some friends , and op 's story is good to go . 
  rob the census place ? 
  yes . 
  kill the cat ? 
  no , i need someone to dump the gems and drugs on , and he nets me a nice profit . 
  i 'll take 54 . 
  i would think the 4 islands between tamriel and atmora would come out much farther south , though there is a lack of documentation . 
  also , while kamal should be cold , would it make sense for it to be in the south , where they would have to cross the equator to reach northern tamriel ? 
  and , on an unrelated note , i have always imagined cathnoquey as a khajiit name - could it be so ? 
  thanks for the answers ; this is a truly impressive . 
  not what i would have come up with , but perhaps all the more fascinating for that . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  bosmer thief named exovian . 
  he was sent to jail after he got caught holding an associates getaway horse outside red diamond jewelry in the imperial city . 
  while imprisoned , he met an ex-slave from morrowind , ra'virr . 
  soon after their meeting , ra'virr returns to morrowind to run a shop , and promises to introduce exovian to some more reliable friends if they meet again . 
  then the fateful day comes , and exovian finds himself on the docks of seyda neen . 
  he takes a strider to balmora , and meets ra'virr again . 
  ra'virr introduces him to both the thieves guild and the twin lamps , and exovian starts working his way up in the world . 
  some time later , his frequent use of the various travel spells sparks an interest in magicka , leading to a fateful trip to sadrith mora to learn from the telvanni ... 
  he is also a serious packrat , and takes particular pride in soultrapping many unique enemies . 
  huh , fancy seeing you here . 
  yes , i did wind up restarting . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  happy cake day !, 
  go ahead and repost this in the latest thread . 
  51 and 31 are the best . 
  what 's the output like ? 
  can we have some pictures with the default texture ? 
  it looks great with what you have , but it 's hard to visualize without that . 
  very impressive !, 
  the design carries over very well . 
  link ? 
  never heard of that one . 
  are you thinking of province : cyrodiil ? 
  or something else ? 
  i hope you 're right , and i have faith that you are . 
  there is so much hope riding on that , and it will be amazing to get our hands on a completed version . 
  me too , as it happens !, 
  though i still need to actually finish stuff for them ... 
  yes , sera !, 
  and i said i 'd help with the stealth part , did n't i. . . 
  seems like that 's another thing to add to the list . 
  if anything , i 'd suggest fading the orange a little bit ... it rather looks like cheeto dust got on everything . 
  you are correct . 
  tech help thread for this , please .
