  you are one to teach the gods their limits . 
  i hope the bards will praise the glory of your death in song . '', 
  these bastards are in hd now ? 
  shit . 
  any place to recommend helping with that ? 
  my budget for such things is similarly low . 
  yeah , but they 're already at a stage separation . 
  something something infringement ... 
  or you could play morrowind . 
  it 's been a while since this was asked . 
  i 'm a morrowind fan myself ( and a mod over at / r/morrowind , if you ever choose to pop over ) , and i 'll go out on a limb and say that morrowind is better that skyrim and oblivion and some aspects . 
  atmosphere and setting being two . 
  thanks for the default pic . 
  no , they 're very sexual female clones of himself . 
  i remember showing / r/skyrim this . 
  their reaction was amusing . 
  orcs and imperials were n't playable in those games . 
  fireball does this too . 
  lightning may be even better . 
  it 's a sharp cutoff right now . 
  does this also hold true for maces ? 
  thank you for the quick reply . 
  it 's not a fanfic . 
  someone will always ask . 
  that 's generally considered to be an error . 
  the ghosts are imperials ( the race ) . 
  oh my god , that 's amazing !, 
  at the top right of the map window , there 's a button . 
  simply click it , and close the inventory screen . 
  it 's awesome to see more info come out !, 
  i 'm really looking forward to seeing more of this hit the download servers . 
  one query : if almalexia finishes indoril lands , we that see the faction become joinable ? 
  or will heartlands be the release that includes the quests ? 
  so no stronghold yet ? 
  and thanks ; i 'm really looking forward to this . 
  and , another question : in the base game , hlaalu * roughly * = thief archetype , redoran = warrior , and telvanni = mage . 
  how will indoril and later dres fit in ? 
  it did !, 
  i love the direction things are going . 
  as panda has said , `` planet means planet '' . 
  thank you very much !, 
  it 's truly amazing to see the amount of work involved in this , and that stronghold looks quite nice . 
  that would be really good . 
  it looks a whole lot more than twice as big . 
  some of the sections of [ mournhold ] ( http://www.uesp.net/morrow/tribunal/quest/images/mournhold_small.jpg ) seem as big as imperial city districts . 
  mournhold is the whited-out area inside [ almalexia ] ( https://dl.dropbox.com/u/75536686/almalexia.png ) . 
  edit : [ imperial city map . 
  ] ( http://i21.servimg.com/u/f21/16/11/88/77/put_to11.jpg ) . 
  new potatoes and green beans . 
  get some * good * green beans , preferably fresh , and cook them in a pan with a little garlic and maybe some salt . 
  now , make yourself some gravy , and pour it on top of some lightly cooked new potatoes . 
  get some slices of bread or a biscuit to help with the gravy , and you have a fantastic meal . 
  ok , i have no idea what 's causing this . 
  one possible idea : have you been damaged after this has happened ? 
  if you 're unsure , try getting something to hit you . 
  it might cause the game to rethink itself . 
  use the console to put a mudcrab at you . 
  give me about 45 minutes and i 'll put up the command . 
  is the command, 
  i do n't know , it would seem like the attacks on the other owners would , if anything , lead to a building up in the others to avoid showing weakness . 
  i do plan to enable building some sort of settlement - building up uvirith 's grave was actually the inspiration - but i think it will be on the smaller end . 
  it would make no sense to have a big town right down the river from balmora , for instance . 
  funny , i 'm actually thinking about hlaalu deriving income from some of the mines in the area , and defending a trade route between balmora and hla oad . 
  edit : reason for that is the lack of flat land around . 
  the transport is something that does need to happen . 
  gondola to balmora , for rethan . 
  strider stop between ald-ruhn and maar gan , for indarys . 
  probably teleportation for uvirith , but still unsure . 
  definitely economic benefits . 
  not sure about rewards , seeing as you 're getting a stronghold as it is . 
  at any rate , new summons are just about impossible normally . 
  as far as the legion goes ... it 's farther down the pipeline , but i have plans for one . 
  i hope you like wading through skeletons to get it . 
  see reply to thexare , fast travel is planned . 
  reclaiming and expansion , yes . 
  in order :, 
  i do n't think cell names can be variables . 
  limited amount that can be done . 
  it makes sense for a telvanni to have a spellmaker . 
  this will happen . 
  perhaps the others can have an adviser or some such position with this service . 
  not sure how to do this , but something to consider . 
  orders are doable , but i 'm hesitant about free shops . 
  some free benefits , seeing as you _ are _ the lord , but merchants are merchants . 
  i agree wholeheartedly here . 
  display area will be a priority . 
  vault is possible . 
  daedra guards make perfect sense in telvanni areas . 
  yes . 
  no more sphere centurions in the halls , because god they 're a pain . 
  perhaps . 
  it 's something to consider , certainly . 
  close enough to use , and far enough to argue with other council members about . 
  perfect !, 
  well , if you just make it a stopover on the way to maar gan , i think it could work . 
  and i ca n't see a redoran noble riding behind a guar . 
  if dapineapple 's family was short of beds for guests , such as dapineapple , the two siblings could share with minimum of awkwardness . 
  thank you , my day is complete . 
  i 'm with you . 
  thank you for reposting to the tech help thread .
