  a daggerfall texture pack would actually be really cool . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  bit late seeing this , but wow . 
  the costume is absolutely incredible !, 
  the hair styling is also extremely well done . 
  thanks . 
  an advantage of that is that you 're moving at some comically low speed far out . 
  that makes it very easy to set up an intercept with any body you may want to scan later . 
  your english is actually really good . 
  the only problem is that `` woke '' should have been `` woken '' ( in other words , passive , not active ) . 
  try and find a group . 
  a lot of comic stores have occasional d&d groups , but you can search elsewhere . 
  it 's a good way to get to know people , and the learning curve is totally worth it . 
  and it should be fine , though if you have issues , post them in the tech help threads . 
  rank requirement will be either rank 4 or 5 ( champion or knight errant ) . 
  additions require a certain amount of time to complete , and , with the exception of simply clearing the fort , gold to start . 
  only one can be worked on at a time . 
  no contract needed because preexisting fort , etc. 
  quests ... maybe , and i hope so . 
  those will have to wait until after i get a stable release out , though . 
  east empire company will increase the profits from the ebony mines and provide a ship to solstheim , and possibly some shops . 
  i 'm not sure about mounting . 
  not a bad idea , but i 'd need to get new assets for it , as well . 
  [ morrowind modding history ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/home ) is an excellent resource for hard to find mods , and does indeed have it . 
  [ private mobile base - tribunal & bloodmoon v4 .2 ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/download-44-3380 ), 
  yeah , i heard it was pretty good , years ago . 
  anyway , that site i linked is working hard to keep mods from disappearing ; it 's really nice . 
  the issue with the weather is that i have been entirely unable to find out how to change the climate . 
  i know it is done for red mountain , but how ? 
  i have no clue . 
  nope . 
  loved since i was a little kind and got them at halloween . 
  very little beat those . 
  i 'll take 27 . 
  i 'm really excited that we have a station . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i have it . 
  actually , both koreas ' view of korea is as one country occupied by one race . 
  the issue is government , not blood . 
  not so sure about your second reason . 
  even if any life is extremophile microbes and lichens , i 'd be surprised if mars truly has nothing . 
  the government is , yes . 
  not the common person . 
  / r/spaceflightporn might like this . 
  periapsis could be inside of it . 
  it is !, 
  i must say , very nice system there . 
  i might try a few improvements on that similar concept . 
  the real problem i see is that this is going to make everyone want colored this and colored that , which unfortunately seems to be taking away from focus on new and interesting features . 
  gat-type set in the star wars universe . 
  was n't / u/perseus33 the designated backup for this ? 
  err , my university has been having classes since late august , so i doubt it 's that ... 
  edit : possibly midterms , since those are going on . 
  i 'm going to be * very * interested to see how that choice goes . 
  it is . 
  `` oh , there 's a shipwreck !, 
  oooh , cave !, 
  never saw that ruin before ! '', 
  * five hours and a few level ups later ... *, 
  `` oh , who wanted those flowers again ? '', 
  actually , those are my two companions , julan and jasmine . 
  both are awesome mods . 
  here 's mine . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/yycre ) ( note : the craft uploaded has a slightly different mounting for the wheels , so it will look different . ), 
  it is sightly pushing the part limit , but this one has a deck that kerbals can use to walk around the base . 
  * even though there is a small gap , they can actually walk between modules as well . 
  the ladder works for getting on to the base from the surface . 
  driving works well , although you should watch the balance and decelerate with the backwards control key , not with the brake . 
  docking mode recommended for driving . 
  tested on the mun and kerbin . 
  * there are a few physics bugs , but nothing that has n't fixed itself if left alone for a time . 
  [ basic structure ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/?7pvirz4i7vvg412 ) - just the wheels , deck , and docking port . 
  [ test hab module ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/?wf2k0u33iuj3hq1 ) - above plus crew can with door light and antenna , and the skycrane-type lander . 
  no launch vehicle attached . 
  wow , that was fast !, 
  edit : higher-res image of the station : http://i.imgur.com/6pzzeqy.png, 
  good job with the module . 
  i uploaded a clearer image of the station ; your album was a bit blurry . 
  yeah , helseth . 
  i wish there were a real quest to put the lethans back on the throne . 
  escaped slave , maybe ? 
  you could make freeing slaves a side goal of yours . 
  kaiser wilhelm ii , bread and cheese , the technik museum speyer , and the schwarzwald . 
  reply to the latest tech help thread . 
  if no one else answers , i 'll come by in a few hours and try to sort things out for you . 
  this week , i 'll get together plans to bring in some new mods and get things started . 
  please bear in mind that it 's the middle of the semester for many of us , and we simply ca n't do all that we would like to do . 
  it should be stickied at the top of the front page . 
  i love the video , especially the voice actor . 
  but directly quoting the image captions seems to come off a bit awkwardly . 
  it actually did correctly transcribe the alt-text ( seen by resting the mouse over the comic ) . 
  first , thank you and the rest of the dark mail team . 
  just as a young person growing up in the world , it means a lot to see some heroes out there making a difference . 
  for the questions : how will dark mail handle keys ? 
  my understanding ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ) is that an e-mail is encrypted with a public key and is unlocked with the user 's private key . 
  is this private key going to work like a password to login , or is it more involved ? 
  i know my mother used to work at a company that gave her a device with a newly-generated login key to the company computers every 12 hours ; with dark mail be similar ? 
  secondly , could a client be adapted to handle things like secure chat , in a similar interface to gmail ( my current provider ) , for instance ? 
  it 's not a big enough obstacle to stop me switching when dark mail is rolled out , but i can see it aiding adoption a fair bit . 
  once again , mr. levison , thank you very much for your work !,
