  i sit with my foot bent behind my head sometimes . 
  keeps me flexible . 
  archer here : at least the trajectories are done right . 
  curing corprus tends to make you a hero , yes . 
  plasma is superheated gas ; it would have the same effects as fire , only much , _ much _ worse . 
   it that vivec with muatra ? 
  much more barbed than i had imagined ... 
   he 's 1/16th khajiit, 
  haha ! ... 
  oh god , i 'm in stitches ... 
  ever heard of disposable accounts ? 
  same . 
  flatlanders , occasionally some modest mouse . 
  umm ... it 's hair . 
  god knows i have plenty on my own legs , and we all have it on our heads . 
  there 's nothing gross about it . 
  actually , i would n't mind a bit . 
  walking out of red mountain , under a clean sky , when julan turns to me and asks :, 
   how does it feel to be free ? 
  it feels great , man . 
  really great . 
   those vivec-damned cogs ... 
  recall is your _ friend _ . 
  you have just put sal_vager to shame . 
  well done . 
  edit : i have also run some tests and have determined that if you add a parachute on the pod , the landing is completely safe to the crew . 
  julan ashlander companion, 
  best companion mod ever , integrated with main quest , entirely lore-friendly . 
  i know , but i never feel safe off the pad without one . 
  are you installing on the same user account as before ? 
  the next piece of advice i would give is to search your computer and delete any files and folders that have `` bethesda '' , `` tes '' , `` elder scrolls '' , or `` morrowind '' in the name ( unless they belong to other bethesda games ) to purge all records of the first install . 
  then try running the installer as an admin on the same account as the first install . 
  no problem . 
  grancheater is close , but off a little . 
  there is the mortal vehk , and the god vehk . 
  taken together , vehk-and-vehk . 
  v'vehk . 
  vivec . 
  what secondtalon said . 
  start kissing ass to hammerfell asap . 
  they single-handedly fought off the dominion ; the empire needs them . 
  secure at least a peace with argonia . 
  the fewer enemies you have , the better . 
  in a similar vein , make sure the dunmer are fully behind you . 
  find a way to plausibly blame the void nights on the thalmor . 
  this would turn the khajiiti client states firmly against the dominion . 
  mass forces on the strid and niben rivers . 
  anvil , kvatch , skingrad , bravil , and leyawiin would make good staging points , with fallback positions on the red ring road and extending along the blue and black roads to chorrol and cheydinhal . 
  if necessary , equip bruma as a final holdout before the jerall mountains . 
  use anvil and stros m'kai to raid shipping between summerset isles and valenwood . 
  with the dominion divided , launch controlled advances into valenwood , securing each area before moving on to the next . 
  prepare for final assault on the summerset isles . ^ *, 
  ^ * * making damn sure * not to anger the psijics in the process . 
  seed ? 
  that must have been one * huge * facepalm when you figured the map out . 
  prince-of-plots would know better than me . 
  those are modded rcs units . 
  `` h '' for prograde , `` n '' for retrograde . 
  do want . 
  so not impossible , just hard . 
  yes . 
  i agree . 
  on what pinyaka said : i 'm a 15 year old boy in camp fire usa , and can confirm that it is indeed very inclusive . 
  your daughter , if she decided to join , would find a warm welcome . 
  `` you see , saying ` modus of operandi ' is redundant . 
  in latin , the `` of '' is provided by the '' - us '' ending on _ modus _ . '', 
  i do n't like people messing up basic latin . 
  according to quantum physics , both . 
  yes . 
  dropped the bomb in a theater . 
  i told her i loved her . 
  morrowind -  oblivion : fucks up ( almost ) everything . 
  oblivion -  skyrim : takes what oblivion did , makes it either twice as bad or restores it to near-morrowind standards . 
  what i 'm saying is that it 's not as good as morrowind . 
  that said , judged on its own merits , it 's a damn good game . 
  possible - yes, 
  useful - no, 
  please tell the result . 
  please . 
  mods ? 
  . craft ? 
  thanks . 
  anyway this cake is great !, 
  it 's so delicious and moist !, 
  you know you can edit posts ? 
  yeah , like that . 
  one of the weekly challenges should be to bring your ship back to kerbin !, 
  low res . 
  some of us just have crappy rigs . 
  nope . 
  all locks can be picked . 
  true , but neither are actually `` locks '' , as far as the game engine is concerned . 
  this in the current version ? 
  seed ? 
  no , that 's just a level 50 lock . 
  if the ship is still there , i 'll attempt a rescue mission . 
  just give me the . craft . 
  i 'll have a go at it tomorrow . 
  thanks !, 
  male , admitting it .
