  i think / u/ihavenocomments is stating that one could find a way to sneak a vibrator aboard , whether it was cleared or not . 
  i like the idea , though i would prefer a less ... busy design . 
  it looks rather crowded as it is . 
  i like the idea of the planets around the sun design . 
  let 's work with that ; here 's one option :, 
  keep that central design , but reduce each body to one color ( ok , maybe 2 for kerbin ) . 
  so , yellow circle surrounded a rust , purple , blue/green , orange , gray , green , and white circle . 
  moons are similarly depicted around planets , as they are now . 
  superimpose all of this onto a black circle . 
  the rest of the flag is a dark red field ( color of the outer band in the current rsp logo ) . 
  this helps keep it unique , as well as providing a better background against space . 
  i 'll go for mission 13 . 
  it will be nice to brush up on my surveying skills . 
  also , is it ok if the mission deploys a small gravity sensing probe while in orbit ? 
  i think that would make sense , as well as leave a reminder . 
  see edit , in case you did n't . 
  ... what game am i looking at here ? 
  nice work !, 
  damn it , squad , i have class today . 
  nice work !, 
  great landing , too . 
  where do you learn to land so precisely in an atmosphere ? 
  i 'm working on what is essentially a stronghold mod for the imperial legion , a reclamation of fort firemoth . 
  i was originally going to do it after i do an overhaul for the 3 house strongholds , but since they 're functionally very similar , i 'm doing this one first to get more comfortable . 
  plans include a small dock for anti-smuggling cutters ( potentially a source of income ) and associated tavern and bunkhouse , rebuilding what seems to be a destroyed lighthouse , and two special options : imperial cult members of sufficient rank can build a chapel and east empire company members can build a set of docks and warehouses inside the atoll for use as a stopover for ships trading in the inner sea . 
  i hope so . 
  i personally love mods that enhance the dept of the game . 
  firemoth being such a blank slate , and a comparatively untouched one , makes it a great location . 
  i agree . 
  i find that it makes the game far more immersive , though i would * like * if there was an actual animation for missing . 
  if this ever happens , i 've actually been experimenting with recreating some telvanni architecture . 
  tech help thread for this , please . 
  nitpick on the survey itself : is there a point to the gender question ? 
  it seems out of place . 
  at very least , a 3rd `` other '' option would reflect better on squad . 
  what . 
  explain , now . 
  tech help thread for this , please . 
  this post somehow got caught in the spambot . 
  it 's now manually approved ; everyone should be able to view it now . 
  if it can keep the crew fed , watered , and scienced , it 's gorgeous . 
  not really . 
  it 's all loaded on launch , anyway . 
  thanks !, 
  it was not easy at all to get right . 
  eh , i think they 're pretty nice looking . 
  i hope that 's a reference to czokletmuss 's `` grand tour '' story on the forums . 
  any chance of solstheim or firemoth ? 
  yeah , i figured so . 
  it 's just interesting having that come up in two ksp related areas . 
  my main use is just for a really nice booster setup . 
  great for lofting most things . 
  i just made a rocket with the assembly i wanted ( core 1st stage with 4 radial boosters , rather like soyuz ) and dragged it on over . 
  the root part is the central fuel tank , chosen because it 's the part that connects to the rest . 
  i just put it on the bottom of whatever i want launched . 
  i 'll have to run some tests ; i 've always used various other stages . 
  let me get back to you in a few minutes . 
  without adding any more stages , it can push the second-largest rockomax tank into orbit , full . 
  without a payload , it can put itself on a duna intercept trajectory , barely . 
  no fuel station , i 've actually been working on a secret project lately , and that design was laughably underpowered . 
  i just ran that test for you to see what it could do . 
  can that drone fly continuously , without maintenance , in a hostile atmosphere , for 7 or 12 * years * ? 
  reliably transmit data ? 
  what about bad weather ? 
  fix those problems , and you may have a career . 
  nice work !, 
  it really is . 
  also , it 's just `` minmus '' not `` the minmus '' , i think . 
  morrowind , easily . 
  post this in the new thread , which will be put up momentarily . 
  i feel the same way sometimes . 
  if both people can acknowledge that , figuring things out actually becomes a lot of fun . 
  when we did have challenges , that 's actually where i got the idea . 
  i would * love * to have that here . 
  this reminds me , someone needs to build the [ star forge ] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/file:starforgesucksgas-kotor1.jpg ) in ksp . 
  this is excellent !, 
  i love it when robots take pictures of our other robots . 
  i think it was meant that a 24 year old should n't go crying to the er over a bruise . 
  basically a simple version of the inside of our seal , with eeloo added . 
  i opted to avoid any lettering to avoid clutter , and so it can be viewed from both sides . 
  made in paint.net . 
  ok , from what i can see :, 
  town floods -  sediment gets deposited , as in other lakes -  buildings fill with sand . 
  buildings are underwater , the sand is sediment at the bottom . 
  same here . 
  it 's great !, 
  just be glad we do n't have to use them as * landing legs * now ... 
  ok , why eeloo ? 
  because i had to find a place to tack it on now that there are 7 planets , not one , and eeloo is far out anyway . 
  honestly , the though of moving kerbin never even occurred to me , though it does make sense , especially as there is no way i am trying to make a heptagon with them . 
  i actually tried to use cutouts or whole images , but it came out looking very bad . 
  trying for detail in such a small space really works against it . 
  i think a much better way to improve the flag would be to use a somewhat lighter shade of red as the background . 
  that might help bring it out more , and make it feel more vibrant , as opposed to the depressed maroon we have now . 
  i originally planned for a reference to a certain easter egg . 
  it seems i neglected to remove it . 
  nice catch , though . 
  have an original source for it ? 
  tr has everything in that list . 
  that old propeller driven bomber is still highly capable for it 's role , and is in many ways comparable to the b-52 , which is actually four years older .
