  southern madagascar was the last place to come into the fold . 
  that was an opportunistic grab after the island revolted from the french . 
  it 's also the only territory that is n't a full state , and along with transvaal , is an absolute hotbed of rebels . 
  nothing i ca n't deal with , but it keeps the army tied down . 
  almost all reforms are passed , though i kept the upper house appointed . 
  that made life much easier . 
  women 's suffrage was passed in the 1890s . 
  overall , i enjoyed it . 
  i 'm curious to see if anyone has any ideas for doing better . 
  edit : i did make one small mod to the game before i started ; i added maori as an accepted culture to new zealand . 
  i 'm not disagreeing . 
  i hate how the us blobs so much . 
  i was n't at war , but i had 3/4 of my standing army in africa fighting rebels , so it was relevant . 
  it sure is . 
  i 'm satisfied having bought it some time ago , and i do have confidence in the continued development , but i would n't recommend it to someone not willing to wait a good while . 
  [ this ] ( http://lofigames.com/about-kenshi/ ) is a reasonable start . 
  as i mentioned in another comment , while it 's a really interesting game , i would n't buy it unless you 're comfortable with a fairly long , slow development pace . 
  you can draw some parallels ( going around recruiting a party , etc ) , but that 's about where the similarities end . 
  you do n't play as a single character like you do in m&b , you control the whole squad in a sort of rts fashion , and as of now there 's not much if any interpersonal stuff between characters . 
  here 's an old ama by the lead dev that may answer some questions about future plans for the game : https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2iqxdl/i_am_chris_hunt_indie_game_developer_at_lofi/, 
  combat is mostly like an rts . 
  that is , while you can assign different behaviors to the squad members , you do n't actually control their fighting . 
  it 's all real time . 
  and it is entirely correct that you start as nobody ( it 's hard , believe me ) . 
  that said , you absolutely can train up your guys to be fairly strong and take on larger groups , which would be what that video shows . 
  the item was almost certainly either sunder or keening . 
  the files need to go in the documents \\ paradox interactive \\ crusader kings ii \\ mod folder , not the crusader kings ii folder . 
  mg151/20s are great . 
  that may or may not just be over a year of flying germany talking . 
  you ca n't . 
  a merchant republic ( vassal or independent ) can only ever have normal republics as vassals . 
  thank you for your input ; i edited the op accordingly . 
  might also be worth mentioning the creator ( melchior dahrk ) and the [ release thread ] ( http://forums.bethsoft.com/topic/1526994-alpha-lyithdonea-the-azurian-isles/ ) . 
  nice video !, 
  how have you been doing the past few months ? 
  `` your flight from the red year is very restful on your extra-comfy pillow '', 
  is this in vanilla vic2 or a mod ? 
  if you do want to live in a co-op , i 'd recommend taos . 
  we 've got a lot of international students , and we 're a fair bit quieter than the other college houses co-ops ( we have a study room that 's actually reserved for it ) , though we still have some parties and folks that like to party if you 're into that , plus you can go to parties at the other co-ops . 
  the only thing we 're not is modern , but very few co-ops are in new buildings , and ours is still in good shape . 
  we do our best !, 
  the mod project kind of got forgotten while i was busy dealing with a bunch of stuff , moving out of my parents ' place into a co-op in town , and generally trying to get things together . 
  still , i have all the design notes , so i 'll probably start up again soon . 
  been thinking of ways to reduce the number of scripts i 'll need . 
  i 've never found a solution to that myself . 
  the only `` solution '' is to open the task manager ( ctrl-alt-delete ) and force-quit the program . 
  general consensus is that because it 's upon exiting the game , it should n't have any other negative results . 
  ... let 's not go brigading another site . 
  it 's fine to vote how you feel , but i 'm not entirely comfortable with fishing for votes . 
  hong kong did n't declare independence . 
  they were given to china by britain , because most of hong kong 's land was actually leased from china by britain for 99 years . 
  this is going to be great . 
  edit : for the first option , do you mean go for bases and the runway ? 
  gog 's it 's own thing completely . 
  additionally , some of us bought ksp well before it was on steam , and for various reasons , did n't switch over and still get it directly from the site . 
  which house did you live in ? 
  from the description is sounds like either 21st or the ark. 
  i actually had an orthodox roman republic game going pre-conclave where they reformed and became an existential threat to europe . 
  so , those 3 are all in the same building . 
  my understanding is that they share most common areas , so you 'll get a similar experience in each of them . 
  the main standout is nueces , which is the smallest at 36 people and offers no meals ( though a kitchenette is present in every suite ) , with the tradeoff being that you do less work around the house ( 2 hours vs 4 ) each week . 
  the other two will be mostly the same , and will give you 17 meals a week , but with you doing 4 hours of labor . 
  personally , i 'd take a co-op over an apartment any time . 
  i get berlin ~ 2/3 of the time flying the arado . 
  it 's not rare at all . 
  looks like the original box set . 
  i 'll go ahead and second punch-drunk holocaust . 
  `` what is the name of the very first tank map added to the game ? '', 
  any idea ? 
  change log from forum thread :, 
  major features :, 
  compatibility with ck2 2.5.2 and conclave dlc . 
  save games from after the end 0.6.1 are not compatible with after the end 0.7 . 
  updated and expanded map : gran colombia and the guyanas in south america , newfoundland in the northeast , and a few more canadian provinces in the northwest . 
  improved terrain detail and tree placement across the entire map . 
  high altitude lakes ( i.e. 
  great salt lake ) look a lot better . 
  a ton of new cultures for the new regions in south america . 
  many of them do not yet have playable rulers at the start date . 
  also a set of mercenary companies for the region . 
  two new religions for south america : gracia divina ( in the cult of saints group with sagrado coraz\u00f3n ) and espiritista ( in the afro-syncretic group ) . 
  these faiths have not been fleshed out as of 0.7 , so there is very little lore for them and they have no unique mechanics . 
  event chain for the evangelical reformation . 
  under a weak emperor , these events can severely damage the stability of the hcc . 
  a powerful or skilled emperor who makes wise decisions can maintain the status quo , but it will be difficult . 
  thanks to haghog for doing most of the work on these events . 
  minor features :, 
  graphical improvements for most religious icons . 
  improved atomicist flags . 
  added a few more cultural units and buildings , especially in pacific nw . 
  more nicknames , more hair styles . 
  flavor events to discuss the nature of the calamity . 
  a set of santeria events focused on removing health conditions . 
  a few custom government flavor names for the laws tab . 
  succession laws and realm laws handled better , including an event for gaians . 
  brazilian invasion now attacks every ruler in a huge swath of south america ... simultaneously, 
  better camera angles when looking at the the main menu . 
  several minor bugs fixed , removed many files so we do n't have to do merges to bring in future changes . 
  known issues :, 
  hiring mercenary companies with horse archers as a mesoamerican ruler can cause glitchy behavior .
