  later , meetings became more common , and some astronauts were given tours of star city , the cosmonaut 's training facility , while some cosmonauts visited astronauts in the united states , especially in the run-up to the apollo-soyuz test project . 
  an interesting note was that in 1971 , astronaut thomas stafford served as a pallbearer at the funeral of the crew of soyuz 11 , who perished when their craft depressurized during the activation of the reentry sequence . 
  i 'm sourcing most of this from a wonderful book , * two sides of the moon : our story of the cold war space race * which was co-written by astronaut david scott , commander of apollo 15 , and alexei leonov , the first person to perform a spacewalk as well as the soviet commander of the apollo-soyuz test project . 
  i would love to be in that position . 
  give us a little bit , and we can knock out that last one for you ... 
  wow . 
  i 've never seen that one before . 
  your imgur link is broken . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll take a look at this . 
  i do n't know about others , but being a student is * exactly * why i ca n't stay up all night on a sunday evening to watch this ... 
  middle of the school/work day for a lot of us . 
  probably the fabricants , if anything . 
  sotha sil was very withdrawn , and it was uncommon for him to show himself or exercise `` temporal '' power . 
  he likely did not have a set of warriors as the other two did . 
  it 's so weird to think that by far the most popular ( tetris ) was made in a country that does n't even exist anymore ( the soviet union ) . 
  try / r/oblivion . 
  it 's that game that 's actually giving you grief . 
  i think that 's actually only true for one strap-on booster . 
  the rest are normal . 
  i believe the 4-engine cluster * is * just an engine cluster , with no fuel . 
  it 's simply like the jet engines in that you ca n't attach stuff under it . 
  not saying that was the best choice itself , but the booster is the only combined part that i know of . 
  steam copy of crusader kings 2 . 
  the [ tor browser bundle ] ( https://www.torproject.org/projects/torbrowser.html.en ) can help you get around those pesky filters . 
  do n't let censorship keep you locked in . 
  what kind of freakishly high-school like cult employed you ? 
  hell , mods have you covered . 
  i am totally remaking the ministry of truth from morrowind . 
  same with the p-63 a-10 . 
  love that plane . 
  this did happen before , and it 's why there are no release dates given anymore . 
  as it happens , you 've already done everything the quest involves . 
  the console command, 
  journal , hr_calderadisrupt , 100, 
  will finish the quest and allow you to get the next one . 
  * have you seen the twin lamps ? 
  ... you know you do n't need ladders on the pod ? 
  make sure you 're connecting to servers in your region if possible . 
  i 'm in the us , and the difference between an american and european server is night and day . 
  mods : i 'd like to keep the flair image the old `` m\u00fcn and back '' flair . 
  figured i 'd do one more before the flair giving expires in a day or so . 
  i 've enjoying seeing everyone 's builds and adventures !, 
  [ here 's asteroid hugging hard mode !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/21s42a/old_challenge_asteroid_hugging_hard_mode/ ), 
  is the hard mode what gives folks the master kerbalnaut flair text ? 
  i 've always wondered . 
  soul gems . 
  i trap the soul of every unique creature possible and keep the gems in my house . 
  i 'm planning a whole display setup for the dagoths , with the artifact of each ash vampire in front of their gems , ringed by all the gems holding the ascended sleepers and them by the ash gouls . 
  did i just walk in to a secret clubhouse ? 
  i think i did . 
  wow . 
  that 's really nice ; have you tried making a version that delivers small payloads to orbit ? 
  welcome to my world . 
  - bf 109 pilot, 
  good work coming up with answers . 
  i will say that you did good jobs mixing fact and fiction to create ( usually ) believable things at first glance, 
  i 'll also say that it was a bad idea . 
  i love the creativity that went into it . 
  but one of the things that attracts me to this sub is the moderation , high quality , and dedication to discussion . 
  to have roughly two days of bogus posts , actively denied by the moderation team , in a place where that same mod team has done a great deal to earn the trust of a community , is damaging , i think . 
  i like the idea of coming up with `` prank '' answers , but in a place like / r/askhistorians , to try to hide it as you did felt both disrespectful and frustrating . 
  depressive tendencies may play a part , but when you stick anybody into a situation that has potentially the most stress of any career , and allow to flourish a culture that condemns seeking help for very real problems , any `` blame '' must be placed squarely on those who run the armed forces . 
   the only think you can trust the mods to do about wrong answers on here is care . 
  and that 's exactly what i think the issue was . 
  when myself and others both send modmails and post replies concerning posts or sources that are clearly fantastic , and those mods do everything to deflect it , caring is precisely what the community now * ca n't * trust you to do . 
  quoting / u/mi13 [ `` a good number were just hapless redditors randomly selected to be victimized by the flairs and mods . 
  we all felt a little twinge of guilt when people seemed to swallow what we were saying , but it was too funny to stop . 
  '' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/21yyci/important_message_re_source_reliability/cghrfdi ), 
  in a sub so defined by competent , diligent moderation , however imperfect the result will always be , flaired users and mods trying to `` get away with '' bogus answers seems incredibly shortsighted . 
  and , while i hate to be so crass , misleading those who raised concerns precisely because they * do * care was frankly asinine . 
  i do appreciate the effort that went in to the answers . 
  creating believable historical fiction , which most of it can be called , takes talent which is clearly in abundance here . 
  but i think this was the wrong way to apply it . 
  well , i was n't around , so i sure do n't . 
  i do n't particularly want a `` credibility downfall '' for the mods . 
  i think that would be counterproductive for a normally excellent group . 
  i simply believe this particular episode was in very poor taste , and i appreciate the polite discussion on the matter . 
  so ... why do they do it ? 
  mir was actually not conceptually that much worse than the iss . 
  mir pioneered modular station design , consisting of 6 habitable modules . 
  zarya and zvezda on the iss are actually both legacy hardware from the mir era , still working today . 
  the iss is an improvement over mir , certainly . 
  but if anything , the iss is simply the second `` mir-type '' station . 
  it 's also worth noting that the proton rocket , which lofted the mir modules , is still in full use , with a wide variety of possible payloads at reasonable cost . 
  not so space shuttle . 
  us drones are also a lot more capable . 
  good , but the volume could use some adjusting . 
  the ui sounds in the starting menus were quite loud . 
  if the computer volume is at a level that makes them tolerable , the game sounds become very quiet - i could not make out most of the spoken words at all . 
  ... i do n't know . 
  i can perform some testing today without any fatigue mods installed . 
  is this a problem , somehow ? 
  something , something , `` gift horse in the mouth '' ... 
  i 'll return with results ... 
  ok , after ruthlessly assaulting a hapless guard , i have determined that a missed swing does reduce fatigue , at least on my setup , though i have no mods that should affect it . 
  probably a problem on your end . 
  ok , that is the same as what i got .
