  gold ore is actually a really nice trim material for bricks . 
  there is a line controlling the game mode , which is 0 or 1 . 
  a career save file has an extra section that i copied in from another save , which contained the science count . 
  and to think the only landings i 've ever done that close are a landing on top of a monolith and a massive truss to straddle an arch . 
  hope it works !, 
  i have an interesting story about moving between two houses . 
  like many people , i used hlaalo manor due to the dead body there . 
  i had downloaded building up uvirith 's grave , built the stronghold , and was ready to move my stuff over . 
  having made my preparations , i went to the body , clicked `` take all '' and recalled to my throne room . 
  it was the `` take all '' that just killed me . 
  as it turns out , i had not done any cleaning for a ** long ** time . 
  discounting stendar 's hammer , i had over 4000 pounds of armor , weapons , scrolls , books , ingredients , junk , and artifacts , all stuck on me . 
  i spent an hour arranging it into piles , and eventually walked out of a mountain of crap . 
  i was picking amulets of the floor for days . 
  have you started/finished the questline of the mod ? 
  i plan to submit , hopefully should have one sometime tonight . 
  excellent work !, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/download/ablvij9c5bue7i6/macbas.craft ), 
  this is basically an upgraded version of the craft i used to survey the mun in mission 13 . 
  i advise waiting for an 80km apoapsis before circularizing , as you will still have fuel to use in the center 1st stage , which makes it a bit bulky . 
  once in orbit , detach and turn around the cm . 
  from there , just follow the staging and fly as normal . 
  i 'm not sure what else to add . 
  no action groups for the science parts or ladders , just right-click as normal . 
  be careful when landing , as the lander is longer in one dimension . 
  when going back up , the final docking will have to be done by the cm , as the lander has no rcs to save weight . 
  i would n't try to circularize coming back , as there probably is n't the fuel for it . 
  that said , good luck !, 
  good luck !, 
  started having a good bit of lag later on , though i do n't know who 's end that was on . 
  loved the show , though !, 
  i do n't know . 
  stream stopped to load the video ( grey screen and everything ) a few times . 
  both the video and audio got very choppy . 
  no , it was very constant . 
  during docking , while you were muttering to yourself , everything was choppy . 
  it may be my end . 
  i just do n't know . 
  i 'll take 24 , and i 'll be happy to be a backup for 22 as well . 
  looking forward to it !, 
  i can also do ~ ~ 21 ~ ~ 22 if no one else comes by to take it . 
  might want to work on the mic volume ; i could barely hear your voice . 
  loved the stream , though !, 
  should the submission be a craft or subassembly ? 
  the latter would seem more appropriate . 
  err , an issue : the provided core has no controlling parts . 
  might be a problem for a space station . 
  if i do , it would block a docking port . 
  i can get the core up like that just fine , but after separation , it will just be debris in the tracking station . 
  it may not matter . 
  correct . 
  fuck , has it been that long ? 
  ok , i have to ask - what breed is that cat ? 
  it 's gorgeous . 
  [ thomsel lifter ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/download/6r8l467f4mwnd76/thomsel+lifter.craft ), 
  instructions :, 
  check to make sure all struts are attached and fuel lines flow from the outer tanks to the center tank . 
  it should n't be an issue , but i 've known the loader to mess it up . 
  the probe core and asas module are part of the lifter . 
  leave them on . 
  they are used for deorbiting the center stage . 
  staging is simple - all engines fire at the start . 
  the next stage should include the 4 radial decouplers that hold the boosters on . 
  the third stage will be whatever holds your payload to the booster . 
  flight :, 
  use full throttle . 
  yes , the mainsail will start overheating , but it will never reach the point of exploding . 
  continue straight up to 10km , then pitch over to 45 degrees above the horizon . 
  when the boosters run out of fuel , press space once to send them away . 
  the rocket will continue on the center stage . 
  keep this heading until you reach your desired apoapsis , then cut the throttle . 
  coast to apoapsis and burn for orbit . 
  once this is done , separate the payload and switch back to controlling the booster . 
  you should have plenty of power to deorbit ( or even to send it crashing into the mun , though i did not test that particular idea ) . 
  aside from the payload , nothing is left in space . 
  the boosters fall off in a suborbital trajectory , and the center stages is deorbited . 
  * small edit - removed useless struts . 
  should be listed as 36 parts in the vab . 
  yep . 
  still have not forgiven them for [ this ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/file:tr-quest-dark_brotherhood_attacks.jpg ) . 
  done . 
  i just loaded yours , and it does not seem to have any point that can attach to other parts . 
  may want to fix that . 
  i 'll do my best to be on !, 
  yes , but i mean his design has no open nodes that it will use to attach to anything at all . 
  i always wonder if it 's actually real . 
  i wonder if this will become much less of a big deal in the future . 
  given that most people will have crap floating around , i can see people caring a lot less about it . 
  just play it anyway . 
  all that means is that the morrowind.esm has been patched since the mod was made . 
  for someone entire unfamiliar with this , why did pc players need to be nerfed so badly ? 
  tried clearing your browser cache ? 
  it works fine for me . 
  any instructions for how you did this ? 
  it would be great to have more stuff available to make . 
  oh god , i hate calling too . 
  also do n't mind answering . 
  your work is amazing !, 
  to your last questions :, 
  - back at spawn .
