  g-2 handled wonderfully , did what i wanted . 
  awful . 
  ca n't aim straight for my life . 
  no , not at all . 
  these are incredibly niche :, 
  the possibility of killing daedra , outlined in [ this excellent submission . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1uhcve/report_of_imperial_intelligence_on_the_vigil_of/ ) . 
  the civilizations or cultures of rieklings and goblins , particularly rieklings . 
  i am convinced that they are much more than beasts , and making peaceful contact would be amazing . 
  guess so . 
  probably seems less so to me , as most of the friends i have were met via d&d 3.5 campaigns in high school . 
  paging / u/occupytamriel - we have a situation here . 
  oh , the world will always have mouth-breathing idiots . 
  hopefully , this particular brand dies off soon enough . 
  tech help thread for this , please . 
  what movie was that ? 
  i remember seeing adds years ago . 
  thanks . 
  28 years , actually . 
  probably deserves life , but this is something . 
  ksp at sxsw gaming ? 
  this may possibly be the first year i feel anything other than hatred for being in the same town as sxsw . 
  given the caveat of my knowing nothing about your situation , if you ever do want to use that .40 on yourself , please get help . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/suicidewatch is one place . 
  a lot of reasons . 
  one , think about the kind of people who get in with that type of organization . 
  you have some very skilled people who are not at all adverse to using violence or murder , as well as careful planning , to achieve a goal . 
  they also make a ton of enemies . 
  honestly , the survival of the organization at all for so long is something of a miracle ( depending on your viewpoint ) . 
  that 's a very fair point . 
  i actually like the norwegian system where the highest sentence is 20 years , with continual extensions if it 's determined that it is needed . 
  i think a lot of people underestimate what 20 years in prison really does . 
  which they can easily do . 
  on the other hand , these insane struggles force higher courts to hear the cases . 
  they 're digging their own grave , and i 'm happy enough with that . 
  i 'd prefer a successful rescue . 
  reality gave us one tragedy , fiction can give a safe return . 
  soyuz actually uses an entirely different system to begin with . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'd like to see a good one , because space is a fantastic survival setting , and death is n't needed to create tension . 
  no , nasa needs set goals that do n't change with every administration . 
  mod here , confirming that this was indeed approved . 
  looks interesting !, 
  ca n't wait to see the results . 
  well said . 
  heck , that 's why i just started : friendly community , and i see that going nowhere fast . 
  yes , i 'm definitely making saves . 
  this is mostly just to see if i can , not because i think it will go well . 
  loved it . 
  why the flair ? 
  i love spaceflight , space history ( especially the soviet hardware ) , and possible future missions . 
  now , haiku :, 
  * much broken english *, 
  * rustles the new shibe , as he *, 
  * looks out capsule door . 
   this will end with him going bankrupt . 
  i believe that 's the point . 
  thanks for the generosity !, 
  tech help thread for this . 
  entirely so . 
  make a backup if you 're paranoid . 
  funny , with germany ( my first country , and still the only one i 've ground much ) , the 109-g2 was really good ; the line did n't suck until the g6 , which * really * sucks . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i just did a run through the morrowind main quest , and if you actually read the dialogue , it 's fascinating . 
  i found it nearly impossible to fly well in rb . 
  great guns , but aiming is far more difficult . 
  the bot creator is pretty good about fixing that . 
  let 's fix that . 
  + / u/dogetipbot 200 doge verify, 
  certainly !, 
  if that was in the past 24 hours or so , good chance that 109 was actually me !, 
  yeah , that was a lot of rockets ; gave me a lot more respect for the il-2 , that 's certain . 
  that 's amazing !, 
  incredible , yet again . 
  rarely , and it is unpleasant . 
  that 's really impressive , in any game mode . 
  very , very nice . 
  bf109 pilot here , not complaining . 
  please relocate this to the tech help thread . 
  i 'd like new worldspaces . 
  full worldspaces ? 
  i know one can do interiors set to behave as exteriors , but i 've never once found a way to make separate exterior worlds . 
  that 's exactly what is meant by worldspace . 
  morrowind only has one , i 'm hoping openmw allows for mods to add them . 
  not a b-17 story . 
  malta map , bf-109 f-4 if i recall . 
  lost tail control over the big island . 
  the spit i was fighting left me for dead , but i was able to exert some control via rolls and the throttle . 
  i limped all the way back to base , and managed to make a survivable crash landing . 
  repaired and was up in the air in 2 minutes . 
  mournhold 's `` exterior '' is a set of interiors cells , one each for the plaza , palace , temple , bazaar , and godsreach . 
  they are set to have a sky and weather effects , but are otherwise basic interior cells . 
  walls and gates that do n't bug out . 
  this may seem minor , but it 's a huge pain for those of us who like bases . 
  ksp skills : precise things , like docking , interplanetary transfers , and landings in a vacuum . 
  not so great with ballistic landings in atmospheres . 
  rsp : ~ 16 missions completed , at last count , in the stock save , and had a lot of fun doing them . 
  i have not touched the modded save with a ten-foot pole ; the mod list is scary and has big teeth . 
  ideas : not sure if you mean for the page itself or the flight planning . 
  page : mostly keep things as they are ( it works ) , but i 'd like to tighten up the deadlines a bit , as many pilots , myself included , have become rather lax . 
  turnaround is rather important here .
