do you have the coords for the mushroom biome ? 
  and does this seed not work in 1.9 pre4 ? 
  thanks . 
  my character ( always a bosmer archer-thief ) :, 
  nicest guy in town ,, 
  only stole from the rich ,, 
  stole alot from the rich ,, 
  set up rosethorn hall to display all of the loot . 
  let 's see , advice ... 
  join the thieves ' guild , if only to have bounties taken care of cheap . 
  keep a map handy , and memorize it as best you can . 
  know your character 's limits ( remember : morrowind does n't level any of your enemies ; getting cocky can kill you ) . 
  finally , do n't be afraid to get help , the uesp wiki is invaluable . 
  good luck !, 
  you 're not kidding about that journal . 
  morrowind journal = bad . 
  thanks !, 
  i just found it . 
  this is a great place for my telvanni-style wizard 's tower . 
  i think you mean oblivion ... 
  thanks !, 
  goh is certainly on my list now , i 'll see about indarys ... 
  the only mods i have much experience with is building up uvirith 's grave and acheron 's camping gear . 
  buug is really only good if you want to go in-depth with the telvanni , but if you do ... too good for words . 
  you like to dance close to the fire , do n't you ? 
  i 'll see how good the game is , after i finish robbing orvas dren blind . 
  again , 
  i share your skepticism about the list . 
  i 'd check the data , but my younger brother bought the ps3 version and i did n't feel like shelling out more for the pc version . 
  you would be allowed to enter unopposed , and thank you , divayth , for your help . 
  you n'wah !, 
  this may be a bit of a stretch , but does anyone remember the statue of vivec spearing a giant shalk in the northwest part of the temple canton ? 
  maybe a 2d version of that . 
  it might be ataxia . 
  it 's a real problem back home in cyrodiil . 
  so much mysticism grinding to do ... 
  i can certainly agree with the glass cannon analogy ( no armor-related pun intended ) . 
  as for gameplay tips : the vassir-didanat ebony mine quest ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:vassir-didanat_ebony_mine ) can get you a free daedric weapon at no risk to yourself , and can easily be done in the first 10 minutes of play . 
  robbing the redoran vaults is ridiculously easy and gets you some good equipment and stuff to sell , and is generally next on my itinerary after the mine quest . 
  finally , a little-known trick with morag tong writs : if you complete an assassination without presenting the writ to a guard ( `` no one dared report my actions '' or something like that ) , you can present that writ anytime you are arrested , for anything , and get off scott-free . 
  note that the writ is taken when presented to a guard . 
  happy hunting !, 
  is the mod building up uvirith 's grave ? 
  if not , i highly recommend it for your next playthrough . 
  i 'll give skyrim some credit . 
  while certainly an inferior game , it is a 9 out of morrowind 's 10 . 
  bethesda did a great job redeeming themselves after oblivion , and i would consider skyrim well worth my little brother 's $ 60 . 
  guilty . 
  i will dispute this . 
  there are many trick for being a good archer character early on ( most of which i discussed in the `` thief/assassin build '' subreddit ( http://www.reddit.com/r/morrowind/comments/msp5r/thiefassassin_build/ ) ) . 
  it can be a very rewarding playstyle if done right . 
  i 've played a bosmer archer every time and have never been let down . 
  no shit , no notebook , but the best morrowind map ever . 
  saved my a ** hundreds of times . 
  too true . 
  i find myself out more septims on arrows than repairs ... 
  that 's a custom texture pack . 
  judging from the green marble trim , probably one dependent on tribunal , if that helps . 
  i think i would do something like : `` if ( random number between 1 and 100 ) is less than ( 10 - ( magicka/100 ) ) , than set target health to 0 '' . 
  i just have no clue how to turn the concept into a weapon script . 
  it lost some , it gained ... * some * . 
  i 'd call skyrim and morrowind as equal , with shining in their own way . 
  that said , come on over to r/morrowind with any morrowind-related questions . 
  we 'd love to hear from you !, 
  this may sound strange , but i grow my houses out of plants and mushrooms . 
  my stock base building process involves finding a skeleton dungeon and turning it into a bone farm , and then making a cactus farm for the walls . 
  then i light up the inside with jack-o-lanterns , make a moat around the wall ( using lily pads as bridges , of course ) , and make farms with brown mushrooms ( trees below , to limit height , and wheat/melons/pumpkins / sugarcane on top ) . 
  the next step is building the actual house out of red mushrooms on top of a huge oak tree . 
  last , go in and decorate with vines , flowers , ferns , etc. 
  for anyone who cares , this was inspired by the telvanni in morrowind . 
  i 'll make a thread for it soon , once i get the place nice and presentable . 
  what worked for me was uninstalling the game , installing it to a folder on the desktop ( morrowind + vista `` program files '' folder = bad ) , and then running in compatibility mode for windows 2000 . 
  i hope that helps . 
  i 'll try smoothing it out later , and then send it to darkonion . 
  edit : i cant do this worth shit . 
  also , morroblivion is protected by an installer requiring morrowind , tribunal , and bloodmoon to install . 
  we do like it . 
  a lot . 
  thanks , both of you . 
  love it !, 
  if i have any other ideas , i 'll let you know . 
  i was on my grandfather 's mac with no right-click button . 
  thanks though . 
  you just made my evening . 
  thank you !, 
  creeper , banging on his drum all day ... 
  i second this . 
  akulakhan - i approve . 
  - r/morrowind lurker, 
  red eyes ... that has to be a dunmer . 
  i do n't know anything else ; can you give a better description of the location ? 
  also , what 's your character like ( that 's to narrow down the list of candidates to those capable of killing you ) ? 
  purple robes and enchanted arrows ? 
  that 's helpful . 
  i 'll get back if i find anything . 
  edit : a long stretch , but do either people in this picture ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/file:mw-place-mamshar-disamuscamp.jpg ) fit the bill ? 
  i think i 'll try the pcraiserank idea next . 
  what puzzles me is that i have checked all of the requirements and i should be able to advance , but the topic does n't even appear . 
  edit : it worked . 
  thanks !,
