  `` there are three ways . 
  the simplest , if you 're feeling a little adventurous , is to take the strider - '', 
  `` strider ? '' i asked . 
  `` silt strider . 
  huge beasts the dunmer breed for travel . 
  you 'll find our port on the east side of town . 
  it 's a three hour ride to balmora . 
  there are also two ways to walk . 
  the most direct way is to head west along the coast , to the mouth of the river odai . 
  taking the river north will get your straight there . 
  but it 's a long walk , and even leaving at dawn you 'd be lucky to arrive by sunset . 
  the other route is to take the east road , and turn left when it goes between two stone pillars . 
  that path will take you north into to a small imperial settlement , pelagiad . 
  it 's a safe town , and the inn is nice and clean . 
  you should get there by noon . 
  if you stay the night , you 'll have a good day 's worth of walking left to balmora , but less than starting from here . 
  the town also sits in the western reaches of the ascadian isles , which is the most beautiful of vvardenfell 's regions , i am told . 
  the innkeeper in pelagiad can tell you how to reach balmora from there . '', 
  i thought about this for a short while . 
  this news of an assignment was an unwelcome surprise , and i had no wish to get involved in any of the empire 's doings . 
  and morrowind was a uniquely independent province , with many places where the emperor and his legions held no sway . 
  at the same time , it could be very unwelcoming of outsiders . 
  if i could do the bare minimum to stay in the good graces of the officialdom , it would go a long way toward ensuring my safety , at least until i made some friends of my own . 
  my mind made up , i stood and took the package . 
  saying my goodbyes to the captain , i opened the door to seyda neen , and took my first steps on the long road to freedom . 
  [ part 3 here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/comments/1bhzfu/morrowind_fanfic_from_the_shadow_of_the_dragon/ ) . 
  seyda neen was the sort of town that was impressive solely by virtue of it 's continued existence . 
  this is not to say that it was unpleasant . 
  it was a well built settlement , obviously grown up around the census and excise office i had just exited . 
  while the land was dense swamp , the sea breezes kept most of the insects at bay , and a good amount of sunlight filtered through the thinned canopy that grew over the village . 
  the ground on which the town stood was more substantial than the tenuous mounds of dirt in the swamps beyond , and years of foot traffic had stamped its surface to comfortable solidity . 
  the whole town just lacked in any apparent purpose . 
  looking around me , i tried to map the growth of the village in my mind . 
  first would have been the census and excise office , built to provide a base for monitoring smuggling operations , which would be rife in a region such as this . 
  the nearby tradehouse would have emerged to serve the needs of the agents and soldiers , and the strider port to supply it . 
  the village would have slowly grown from these three seeds , as villages the world over are wont to do . 
  walking toward the largest clearing that served as the village center , i turned my gaze toward the people around me . 
  i saw males and females of a variety of races . 
  an altmer woman turned a stern gaze on me for a moment , before turning and continuing on her way . 
  as the high elf departed , a short bosmer squeezed his way past an off-duty legion soldier and tapped my shoulder . 
  `` hey !, 
  you !, 
  you just come out of that census office ? '', 
  i sighed inwardly . 
  i was a native of valenwood , and that was a source of pride for any bosmer born there . 
  it was always nice meeting a kinsman elsewhere , as i 'm sure anyone feels away from home . 
  but some always turned out to be rather dim . 
  this one seemed to be one of them . 
  `` yes , i did . 
  can i help you ? '', 
  `` i 've been having some trouble with the local guards . 
  every few days , they like to play a game of ` let 's shake down fargoth ' . 
  the last time they did , they took my ring . 
  did you see it in there ? '', 
  i thought for a second . 
  the ring i 'd found could well be his . 
  if that were the case , he probably deserved it back . 
  probably . 
  either way , i hardly needed it . 
  i pulled the ring out and showed it to him . 
  `` is this it ? '', 
  `` yes !, 
  `` thank you . 
  i 'll tell you what , i 'll tell arrille what you did . 
  he owns the tradehouse . 
  if you stop by there , he might give you some good deals . 
  thanks again ! '', 
  i smiled . 
  not only was fargoth out of my hair , but i 'd get a good word with a trader . 
  that was wonderful news . 
  i excused myself and left fargoth with his ring . 
  i wanted to get a good look at this `` silt strider '' before i did any shopping . 
  it took only a minute to walk to the east end of seyda neen . 
  as i rounded the corner of a small house , i looked up and nearly froze in shock . 
  standing knee deep in a small inlet of water , next to a high bluff on the other side , was the strangest creature i had seen since i left valenwood all those years ago . 
  it was a huge insect , the color of light wood , and roughly in the shape of a flea . 
  but it was enormous , standing at least ten meters high . 
  it 's body was two meters wide and eight meters long . 
  it 's legs were just as long , and as thick as a person 's thigh , and the highest part of the body was three meters from top to belly . 
  out of this chitinous mass was hollowed a small compartment , large enough to hold several passengers and a caravaner , as i later learned their drivers were called . 
  as totally alien as this creature was , it also reminded me a bit of home . 
  valenwood was home to no small number of creatures just as odd as this , and it made sense to domesticate and put them to good use . 
  at least , it made more sense than the typical imperial insistence on paved roads and horses . 
  sometimes , in their eternal quest to bring `` civilization '' to the world , they could forget the value in simpler solutions , a lesson the dunmer seemed to have learned well . 
  but time was passing , and i was no closer to getting to balmora . 
  after a good three minutes admiring the beast , i turned to the more immediate issues of shelter , equipment , and my nagging assignment . 
  [ part 4 here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/comments/1bkjxg/morrowind_fanfic_from_the_shadow_of_the_dragon/ ) . 
  my first adventure in morrowind turned out to be a complete repudiation of the reluctant , law-abiding image i was setting out to present . 
  across from the exit to captain gravius 's office , in the same building joined by a higher floor spanning the path , was the excise warehouse . 
  a common sight in imperial ports , these buildings held items confiscated from local smugglers ' dens . 
  in keeping with the size of the village , this one was small , consisting of nothing more that a circular two story addition to the main building . 
  as the rising sun cast a shadow on the doorway , i called upon a trick i had picked up years ago , in my youth in falinesti , valenwood 's capital . 
  with a whisper , i sent tendrils of magic coursing into the door , raising the pins and twisting the bolt . 
  with the door now unlocked , i took a final look around , and entered . 
  as soon as i entered , it quickly became apparent that i was not alone . 
  to my right i could hear the sounds of metal boots walking slowly on the floor . 
  quietly , i cursed myself . 
  in my haste and frustration , i had forgotten to consider such things in my plans . 
  i silenced my thoughts and listened to the boots . 
  the sound was coming from the upstairs hallway , moving toward the stairs that would take the wearer to the place i was standing .
