  it always will be , due to the nature of the engine . 
  this ship has a t/w ratio of below 1 on every body except gilly . 
  patience is required . 
  it says somewhere in the album . 
  over 15000 , maybe over 16000 , depending on how i jettison tanks . 
  i do n't think the game handles it in such a way that fuel lines matter . 
  i 'll probably have to manually adjust . 
  i think all are still available . 
  nice to hear !, 
  maybe i 'll pop back on and see how it goes . 
  i 'm about to go for a spin as you say it !, 
  thank you !, 
  that level of blindness is definitely a bug . 
  ca n't say i know how to fix it , though . 
  i 'll take that as a compliment . 
  jimo would have been a fantastic mission ... 
  do exactly what / u/retneftw said , only use whirlwind sprint to propel yourself into it . 
  works better . 
  `` s'wit '' is simply a contraction of slackwit . 
  basically calling them an idiot . 
  is there an english version , or should one simply find a version with subtitles ? 
  `` y '' is just one diagonal jump from `` j '' on the keyboard , so we 'll go ahead and let it slide . 
  morrowind seems so go on sale rather often , actually . 
  palace guard armor is unusable , so i 'd go with the city guard set . 
  we get this question every few months . 
  it 's intentional , based on the colors of the navball . 
  you 're not dumb , it 's just a quirk we have around here . 
  i 'll take that as approval . 
  i 'm working on writing the next parts right now . 
  i think you 're right . 
  crazy bastard , kirkbride . 
  canada lacks one thing : a good launch site . 
  hope you get feeling better . 
  my own two bits here , but the community is better for having you around . 
  thanks for all the hard work . 
  i only remember to quicksave .5 seconds after i need it . 
  that 's true . 
  many quests in mournhold can be done at low levels , save for most things involving the sewers . 
  bloodmoon is different ; i 'd be at least level 15 before heading over . 
  stuff like this is amazing . 
  prehistory has so much crazy , mind-blowing stuff in it . 
  the fossil record is one hell of a concept artist . 
  do n't ignore mysticism or alteration . 
  mark/recall/intervention are great for getting out of a jam , or often just traveling quickly . 
  levitation is another must . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  after what happened when release times were given , i do n't think we should go back there for a long while , at the very least . 
  it 's just never come up . 
  skye is your cat ? 
  yes , it is . 
  [ link ] ( http://kerbalspaceport.com/0-18-2-kas-kerbal-attachment-system-v0-1/ ) . 
  in the future , please post this type of issue in the tech help thread . 
  as per our rules , this post is being removed . 
  if you add one more stage consisting of the medium-length 1-m tank and a small engine , you can make orbit or even a circumlunar trajectory if you 're careful . 
  just completed . 
  certainly an interesting survey to take . 
  my music teacher in 1st grade was doing a unit on shakespeare . 
  she showed a drawing of one actor stabbing another in the street fight in romeo and juliet , and proceeded to explain how the english loved violent plays . 
  for years , i thought english actors actually fought and killed each other on stage for that scene , and wondered who the * fuck * would do that . 
  what ? 
  they planned to land gemini on the moon ? 
  to clarify : it 's not needed to play , only to see stuff on the world map . 
  yeah , i 've got 4 winglets and a thrust-vectoring engine on a tiny rocket , and it 's still drifting . 
  oh , it is . 
  it does n't try to turn around at all , i just built it as an example of the failings of .21 's asas . 
  nowhere close . 
  the way i understood the changes were that it would allow an input from the player to change a heading , but maintain that heading unless player input is given . 
  the rocket in question had fins . 
  however , on a larger rocket without them , the effect was worse , though stability issues may have come into play . 
  more testing is coming . 
  i 'd guess that you 're actually wrong . 
  look at a piece of fabric . 
  look at all the tiny little threads . 
  now put one of those threads under a microscope . 
  fabrics have a lot of detail on a very small , even molecular , scale . 
  no 3d printer can come close to what is needed , and probably wo n't for a very long time , if ever . 
  we just do n't have the * cool * far lands . 
  it 's actually not very amateur looking to me , with one exception : the s. my god , the s looks like a starved kitten . 
  um ... right now , it 's debatable if it does for some designs . 
  ideally , you press `` t '' and it locks your heading . 
  want the rocket to stay pointing one direction for a constant direction ? 
  press `` t '' . 
  families , however , do . 
  this was one of my favorite missions i 've done so far . 
  the reward of finding the armstrong memorial , the terror of running out of fuel on a suborbital trajectory , and the determination and imagined teamwork between the two kerbals as milbro pushed that pod into orbit , onto a mun escape , and back to kerbin was gripping in a way that i did n't expect . 
  i hereby name the location of the memorial `` milbro [ whatever geologic formation it 's on in .21 ] '' . 
  both kerbals with get ships or bases named after them in the future . 
  i rather like the idea of using heroics like this to inspire and name future things or locations . 
  i feel it adds a good deal of authenticity to a program . 
  yeah , i do . 
  i firmly believe that better means were present . 
  that we could have captured instead of killed . 
  `` collateral damage '' should be the devil breathing down our necks to make our feuds smaller , more contained , and less brutal . 
  not a euphemism to wash our hands with . 
  hmm ... project to start , maybe ? 
  i remember that feeling . 
  `` holy cow , that grey stuff down there is the mun . 
  it 's really the mun . 
  i really got here . 
  ohcrap , cut speed .
