  mankar had the aid of dagon . 
  baladas !, 
  how 's that stint on the telvanni council working out for you ? 
  folks back in gnisis going well ? 
  you frequent / r/morrowind ? 
  well , those other things likely included an alternative to talos 's blood , perhaps even access to paradise via the deadlands . 
  we hope . 
  to be fair , pretending to be stupid could be just as bad . 
  well , i was referring to it being just as bad in the sense that they view stupid as a positive trait . 
  [ an old design of mine ] ( http://kerbalspaceprogram.com/forum/showthread.php/6789-mun-runner-iv-%28stock%29 ) . 
  demo compatible , and got me to the moon and back . 
  call the police ... 
  it would be interesting to have a battlespire-like method of talking to enemies . 
  that could be an interesting project , at least for the interiors , maybe some cities . 
  mod idea , maybe ... 
  you must try fried okra . 
  it is delicious . 
  illuminated order is very good , and has minimal if any conflicts with lore . 
  also , julan ashlander companion is hands down the best companion mod out there , and totally lore-friendly . 
  i 'm with you . 
  16 here and i have no idea how this stuff happens . 
  i love that episode . 
  ok ... this was just rich ... 
  if i played a pacifist , i 'd go out of my way to put the dead back where they belong ... 
  first , recognize that you 're walking a bit of a fine line . 
  morroblivion is an oblivion mod , so we are n't going to be able to give you any system advice , mod help , or general troubleshooting . 
  the most help we can give you is quest help , but for that you 'd be better served by uesp . 
  ... i wo n't lie , that sounds awesome . 
  better bodies is still the go to for body replacers . 
  i think most overhauls just include it . 
  in the same boat , mainly . 
  best advice i can give is to keep up alcohol production . 
  if in doubt , more plump helmets . 
  there should be a fully fleshed out world and stories made ... 
  the cs is just for modmaking . 
  do n't give up . 
  i know some friends who grew up like that , and they overcame the distance . 
  some of them are among the most compassionate , caring people i know . 
  you can do it . 
  this does work in the later versions . 
  . craft ? 
  well , the day i met my girlfriend comes to mind ... 
  i have n't either , though it 's on my list . 
  basically , if my understanding is correct , you could engage some enemies in conversation to gain information or attempt to avoid combat . 
  a retro burn is a burn performed when your ship is facing backwards , lowering your speed and thus your orbit . 
  useful for getting back into the atmosphere . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hohmann_transfer_orbit ) explains transfers . 
  well , vostok had almost no pilot interaction at all ... 
  `` i 'll just swallow this 10-pound hunk of raw ebony to see if it does anything . . '', 
  * raw ebony has no effect on you . 
  try using shift + wasd to make the landing wheels vertical . 
  that generally helps my stability . 
  you will go far . 
  i know . 
  mgso3 just came out , if that makes a difference . 
  your spoiler is improperly formatted . 
  i 'm fairly certain it will be in the next decade . 
  just not soon . 
  that would be amidst . 
  actually , anywhere above 70km will work . 
  hell , that 's my favorite way to kill something . 
  any particularly rewarding moment on the job ? 
  i hope you do . 
  it 's been great having you around on the forums , saying hi to the new guys , and generally being helpful . 
  this is true . 
  i think there is some nebulous expectation that this kind of `` bump '' would have been hammered out by now . 
  that 's what i thought , but as the orrery shows , that does n't add up to 8 . 
  yes . 
  you 'll have to teach me the moves though , 
  might also explain why the city of snowhawk is n't in the game like it was in arena . 
  you could cheat and type `` tfh '' into the console , but that 's a bit extreme . 
  other than that , i do n't think such a thing is even possible without modding the cs itself . 
  you 'll just have to use common sense and make sure no one looks . 
  you forgot the `` shit , i 'm naked '' dreams . 
  [ here ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/download-68-6954 ) . 
  keep in mind that your trying to run these enhancements on an engine made over ten years ago . 
  it will be slower than comparably games . 
  chiming and grinning , right there . 
  aspirants to powerful knowledge , as all dwemer are . 
  in this case , love . 
  love is very powerful in the es universe . 
  the dwemer do not , some say can not , understand love . 
  the velothi will be the dwemers ' doom , at the battle of red mountain . 
  as to the last line , no clue . 
  most/all of the sermons end with `` the secret to * x * is within this sermon '' . 
  * brags about girlfriend who likes morrowind . 
  i was 5 , almost 6 when morrowind came out . 
  i did n't play it until two years ago , and was totally blown away . 
  give me your dated graphics , your lovingly crafted universe , and the ability to heal , kill , loot and decorate whatever the hell i want , because this game is all of those things and more to me . 
  i remember this . 
  good for you for keeping things level . 
  ca n't help much , but that is a gorgeous dog . 
  give her some love from me !, 
  already there . 
  this is actually a good idea . 
  ever the scholar , prince . 
  those are some useful figures , thank you !, 
  glad to see that idea has some reception . 
  i think that if done right , it could really help get more people involved in modding . 
  the challenges could be made doable by console players most times .
