  what conditions entail a soviet `` victory '' ? 
  it 's worth noting that even in the real world , not all `` princes '' have a king . 
  the semantic distinction is clearer in german ( * prinz , * son of a ruler , vs * f\u00fcrst , * a sovereign prince . 
  liechtenstein is ruled by one ) . 
  nope . 
  2h \u2082 + o \u2082 = 2h \u2082 o is the reaction for burning hydrogen . 
  hydrogen reacts with oxygen in the reaction and the exhaust is water vapor . 
  nope , no rules violations here . 
  thanks for posting the links !, 
  link 's removed . 
  right . 
  the soviets do get to use some lend-lease planes , which is fair . 
  i will now interpret this as meaning launch is close . 
  all aboard the hype train !, 
  ^ ^ why ^ ^ am ^ ^ i ^ ^ asking ^ ^ for ^ ^ this ? 
  * flares, 
  i love it !, 
  how 's the sequel going , by the way ? 
  `` settle '', 
  damn , that 's ... awful . 
  i battled that for a while several years ago and still do n't know what to say about it . 
  i can say that your writing is amazing to read , and it 's earned you a lot of fans . 
  both . 
  the strength and passion with which blackcaaaaat makes this statement lends itself to the dealbreaker as preventative . 
  however , the specific examples ( `` sing [ ing ] the song of their people '' , `` vomit [ ing ] on the carpet '' ) indicate a familiarity with conflict that could well have originated in a failed relationship . 
  blackcaaaaat 's hypothetical partner is the lover , with the beloved , blackcaaaaat , placing his or her cats between them . 
  the vomit is a metaphor for the obstacles encountered in building a relationship , such as distance ( physical , or emotional , in the case of literal cat vomit ) or interfering family . 
  the carpet is a metaphor for tidy , clean relationship , such as blackcaaaaat 's hypothetical partner may want for the two of them , getting challenged by those obstacles . 
  the author is likely referring to the practice of * felis catus * to emit loud vocalizations to indicate desire for food or to attract a mate . 
  i provided two possibly reasons in the newly-edited op . 
  former british colony , still have the monarchy . 
  english and maori are co-official languages . 
  the south island is absolutely gorgeous . 
  in free association with the cook islands and niue . 
  your navy had a bit of a mutiny problem in 1947 . 
  no , there really are n't , even in places that pride themselves on their german heritage . 
  i 'll use my great-grandfather as an example : he came to the us after finishing his service in the kaiser 's army in ( in january 1914 , as it happens ... ) . 
  he spoke german at home , and when my grandfather and his siblings were born , they spoke german as a first language ... until my great aunt started school . 
  she had trouble because she only spoke german , so my great-grandfather forbade speaking german in the house and had some people teach the kids english . 
  at this point , my great-aunt , the only one of that generation left alive , has mostly forgotten her german . 
  my dad 's generation did n't learn any at all , except for `` verdammte katze !, 
  '' , and i only learned more than that when i started taking college courses . 
  make sure whoever is tutoring your heir is landed . 
  if they 're in your court , it does n't work . 
  after crusades start , you 'll get an event about pagan great holy wars . 
  after that , you can call them every 30 years . 
  you also get a prestige bonus , and a kickass title , of course . 
  copy-paste to save everyone the trouble :, 
  `` their name sounds like a parody , but it is not meant to be . 
  on january 24th about 1,000 pegada , or `` patriotic europeans against the americanisation of the occident , '' took to the streets of erfurt . 
  in chants and on banners , they warned against a break with russia and of a third world war , blaming the `` terror power '' of america . 
  the spread of anti-americanism in germany worries john emerson , america 's ambassador . 
  he is soon to attend an `` anti-americanism conference '' in munich . 
  joachim gauck , germany 's president , frets that `` germans and americans appear to live on different planets . '', 
  this new mood may even cloud chancellor angela merkel 's visit to washington next week ( see article ) . 
  it affects everything from the west 's response to terrorism and russian bullying to free-trade talks between america and the european union , now in their eighth round . 
  anti-americanism has long been endemic in germany . 
  in west germany in the cold war , it was found mainly on the left . 
  the right saw america as a protector against communism and a post-war mentor in democracy . 
  yet even conservative west germans combined love for things cowboy with disdain for an american way of life they saw as uncultured . 
  east germans were anti-american and pro-russian as a matter of policy . 
  even today , with that ideological kinship gone , `` a crude mixture of anti-americanism and a bizarre romanticisation of russo-german affinities '' persists , says heinrich august winkler , a historian with an interest in germany 's ambivalent integration into the west . 
  in theory reunification in 1990 anchored all of germany firmly in the west , as defined by nato , the european union and shared values . 
  and yet some old leftist anti-americanism survived . 
  its political home became die linke ( the left ) , a party that descends from the communists of east germany and has picked up a few western radicals . 
  in a softer form , it persists among social democrats and greens . 
  the newer element is anti-americanism on the right . 
  once confined to the loony fringes of , say , bavaria 's csu , the conservative sister party to mrs merkel 's christian democrats , it has leapt beyond the csu 's beer tents to a young ultraconservative party , alternative for germany ( afd ) . 
  afd started life as an anti-euro party but it has now become anti-immigrant and anti-american as well . 
  mrs merkel , like mr gauck , is a former east german who is pro-american by inclination . 
  but america 's spy agencies have not helped relations by tapping her phone , as well as countless other electronic communications of ordinary germans , as edward snowden revealed . 
  germans see this as a violation of sovereignty and feel betrayed by their ally . 
  they also object to other american extraterritorial forays , such as checking airline passengers on german soil . 
  all this has `` created a toxic mistrust and fuelled anti-americanism in germany , '' says norbert r\u00f6ttgen , chairman of the bundestag 's foreign-affairs committee . 
  such mistrust now threatens the transatlantic free-trade deal . 
  most eu citizens back it . 
  but support is lowest ( at only 39 % ) in germany and austria , says one recent poll . 
  in germany the controversy has become both hysterical and illogical . 
  thus germans worry about planned tribunals to arbitrate between companies and governments , even though these have been part of most other eu trade deals . 
  `` if this were an agreement with any other country , it would not have such a big place in the public debate , '' argues mr r\u00f6ttgen . 
  increasingly , that is true of anything germany and america try to do together . '', 
  thank god ... 
  yeah , still not sure if i regret getting mine ... 
  nope . 
  yeah , i 'm not saying it 's a good investment , especially since the book is online somewhere anyway . 
  tamriel rebuilt is n't a graphics mod ; it adds a significant portion of the mainland to the game . 
  do n't think anyone 's objected yet . 
  the main issue is that to launch into a non-polar orbit , you 'd be launching over the continental us , with all the population centers in it . 
  that 's why launches are mostly from florida , to launch out over the ocean . 
  you mention the red , boiling sulfur ... did you know that sulfur actually [ burns bright blue ] ( http://i.imgur.com/urc3mq7.jpg ) ? 
  i 've always imagined it giving a really neat bit of color to hell . 
  excellent work on the story !, 
  ama = ask me anything . 
  person doing it starts a reddit post , people post questions , and they post answers . 
  it works like any other thread , so you can look at it after it 's over , bookmark it , whatever . 
  which space shuttle ? 
  one certainly did . 
  i bet you could get away with it . 
  [ actually , it did . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buran_%28spacecraft%29#flight_into_space ),
