  i would think that maybe extremely loyal pilots , like the mig-29 pilots who supposedly guard the capital , might have enough . 
  korea is small . 
  not enough fuel to go south is not enough fuel for a good patrol . 
  thanks for the video !, 
  the progress you all continue to make astounds me . 
  even more so than the province mods , this project gives me a lot of confidence for the future of the game . 
  ok , feedback :, 
  balancing sucks , but we all know this . 
  moving on . 
  the bows are incredibly frustrating , mostly due to the tendency to switch while charging a shot . 
  especially if you are rapidly getting different perks , it makes it nearly impossible to get a shot off . 
  it is very hard to end a match . 
  a team can be ahead 23-4-3 , or something like that , and never win because it turns into a tedious mop up that never happens . 
  thank _ you _ and the team for making such an interesting plugin , and being so receptive !, 
  i love the ps3 controller . 
  much lighter and easier to use . 
  around 8 months ago , i was walking back home from a part-time job , going back to pick up my backpack before i went to my high school . 
  walking right past the driveway , an older man in a thin white robe and skullcap with a simple walking stick and a little blue booklet was walking down the street . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say he was middle-eastern or indian , perhaps . 
  at first i thought he was just some nut , so i kept my head down and walked a little faster . 
  as i passed him , he reached out and tapped me on the shoulder . 
  he held out his booklet , and inside is written the name and address of a city housing assistance program on the highway behind our neighborhood . 
  it 's not uncommon for people to wander into the neighborhood trying to look for it , as it 's right behind the houses across a dense creekbed , but the place is only accessible from the highway access road with no signs nearby to point at it ( do n't ask me why ) . 
  i point at the place , and start to explain how to get there , but the man tugs on my arm and points at himself . 
  `` no ... english . 
  no english . '', 
  at this point , i 'm already going to be late for the bus , and i know the man will never find it without some help . 
  this is also late summer in texas , and if you know what that means , you just ca n't leave someone like that . 
  i pointed to him , then myself , and nodded up the road , saying `` come , i take you . '', 
  he got what i was saying , and we walked down the road . 
  it was n't fast , but even needing his cane , the man did a respectable job keeping up , even why we got to the sunny parts next to the interstate . 
  we got a few funny looks from passing drivers , pale teenage kid and foreigner that we were . 
  he tried to apologize in very broken english , things like `` i sorry for slow , thank you sir . '', 
  i kept smiling , saying things like `` sometimes long is good . '', 
  the man was constantly looking nervously happy , and i did my best to be friendly with the simple phrases we could use . 
  it was about a quarter of a mile , perhaps , and we made it in twenty minutes or so . 
  as we turned into the parking lot , i pointed at the sign , and his smile got bigger . 
  when we finally got to the front door , i pointed at the sign on the door and his notebook , showing him the match . 
  he half shook my hand , half embraced me , saying `` thank you , sir . 
  very thank you ! '', 
  i smiled , said `` thank you for the walk '' , and cut across the creekbed to my house to call my parents for a ride to school . 
  i never saw the man again , but i still think about him when i need something to smile over . 
  no , not really . 
  there were years for the legion to stamp out the practice , and with dres changing to a mercantile economy plus their alliance with helseth , they would have stopped capturing slaves anyway . 
  dres is the house that captured most of the slaves to begin with , so with the source dried up , the practice was mostly doomed . 
  still , the sls coming up . 
  should be pretty spectacular when it finally happens . 
  well , the issue is moving , things happen , etc. 
  you ca n't predict where anyone will be by then . 
  the space launch system ( sls ) is the successor to the shuttle . 
  first launch in maybe 4 years . 
  you could always see if any satellite launches are happening . 
  not as big , but could still be worth watching . 
  these are amazing . 
  this is so true . 
  if they were n't going to bring it back to some of it 's original strength , it was a better ( though not good ) decision to end it . 
  i will be happy to write a guide for stealth characters . 
  give me a shout if you want to discuss what you would want in such a guide . 
  not to mention giving another use for electricity . 
  right now , anything except an ion drive can get by with a few rtgs . 
  kent state shootings . 
  they fucked indoril armor . 
  hard . 
  not necessarily . 
  for looking up raw data , absolutely they 're better , or at least are as good as we could ever be . 
  what they do not always do as well are gameplay guides . 
  they certainly have some , but that is one area in which we _ could _ do better . 
  sounds good . 
  i 'll get to work in the next few days , maybe make a new character and take some pics . 
  someone _ has _ planted a flag on jool . 
  next step is obviously a return mission . 
  we crashed the site . 
  it 's just about exactly the same . 
  graphics can be fixed by mgso , but that 's going to be very resource-intensive for your system . 
  the ui , i do n't know . 
  i 've never noticed anything wrong with it . 
  as for the guidance , yes , you actually have to puzzle out the directions you 're given ( and you _ are _ given them if you read the dialogue ) . 
  if these things are insurmountable problems , it 's entirely possible morrowind is n't the game for you . 
  to each their own . 
  link to that last ? 
  nah , a lot of smaller landers can get by without them . 
  carries 28000 units of xenon . 
  after finishing the orbital burn and raising the orbit , it still has 27700 + left . 
  ion engines , so abysmal . 
  the efficiency is what 's fantastic . 
  i do n't have a number on that , i 'm afraid . 
  i 'll try to upload a . craft soon if you 'd like to play with it . 
  well , i got a number from kerbal engineer . 
  twr is .02, 
  i 've only finished getting a stable orbit . 
  whatever it is , the answer is * long * . 
  thanks !, 
  if the west comes in , the regime dies . 
  there are going to be a lot of westerners coming in with any substantial aid . 
  no country would sign over vast quantities of money and material without oversight . 
  with the foreigners come ideas , and with those , the collapse of the cult of personality keeping the regime alive . 
  that is actually the greek letter alpha . 
  so yes . 
  ii version that 's a bit lighter and carries more xenon . 
  i 'm a bit dissatisfied with my current \u0394v budget .
