  only if you do it the easy way . 
  i second the idea of a morrowind mod , for a few reasons . 
  one , it eliminates the need for voice acting . 
  while that is not required for an oblivion mod , oblivion without voices is a bit creepy . 
  two , morrowind is , in my experience , easier to mod , though that could just be me . 
  it also has more item variety , and seems to have less scripting involved . 
  [ 2920 , the last year of the first era ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:2920,_the_last_year_of_the_first_era ) is a series of 12 books which serve a great references for the period . 
  as for quests , i am unsure . 
  i want to get a few more folks in on it before we start in earnest , particularly some talented in the cs , which , although i can work with well enough , is not my forte with regard to quest scripting . 
  i do have a lot of ideas for setting , several quests , and location details , but i want to start getting a team together lest we get ahead of ourselves . 
  any chance of a . craft ? 
  many thanks . 
  apparently , part sedecoupler1 is missing . 
  any idea what pack it 's from ? 
  thanks . 
  i ca n't wait to ruthlessly examine , test , and draw from this design ( with credit given where due , of course ) . 
  drain intelligence 100 points for 1 second on self , on an enchanted item . 
  only costs 3-4k , and refills your magicka completely . 
  intervention spells are your friend . 
  so , yalen both ways . 
  mun runner - get to mun . 
  tedious victory - orbital rendezvous . 
  to name a few . 
  if the dwemer ruins in skyrim creep you out , stay away from morrowind . 
  hearing dagoth ur 's voice . 
  somehow , * much * scarier than i expected . 
  go south . 
  ice spread in the winter worlds . 
  well , it depends on your playstyle . 
  there is no `` correct '' way to play the game , so what 's right for one of us may not suite you at all . 
  what type of build are you going for ? 
  it 's not that hard . 
  i 'm a 16-year old kid doing this in his spare time , and trust me , you 'll pick up on it fairly fast . 
  should be possible , if you know what you 're doing . 
  you might be thinking of edwinna elbert 's quest `` return chimarvamidium '' , which gives you amulets of divine and almsivi intervention . 
  no quest gives amulets of mark or recall . 
  i hear you . 
  also , to go with the amulet of mark , [ verick germain ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:verick_gemain ) has an amulet of recall . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  the post you are replying to has nothing to do with apostolate ... 
  basically : redoran = warriors , telvanni = mages , hlaalu = thieves . 
  they all give about the same benefits . 
  think how awesome it would be if it were . 
  sir , you just won minecraft . 
  * tips hat . 
  i think you could edit the savefile after the rocket 's on the pad , but that 's the only way short of manually putting them in that i know of . 
  some mods throw up that error for me , and i can safely ignore it . 
  thank you !, 
  this is exactly what i was looking for . 
  next update . 
  mgso , mainly . 
  i think you 're right . 
  it would make total sense , and the looks match up . 
  that makes sense . 
  it would also explain why the thalmor want it so badly . 
  having the schematics for the very thing they want to destroy would be a very powerful tool . 
  also , if you get into marksman , go with a bosmer . 
  that 's what i play as every time , and i just ca n't stop . 
  thelas , you crazy bitch . 
  attention all : while there is little hope of recovering pes , we as a community have the power to keep many old mods available . 
  many of us have mods that are rare , or no longer found , on our computers . 
  please take the time to upload these to sites like morrowind modding history , so that these fantastic works of art stay around for future players to enjoy . 
  or the nexus , yes . 
  you 're missing out . 
  excellent job !, 
  european culture , is it ? 
  the general consensus on many of kirkbride 's texts is that we each interpret them how we choose , that is , there is no official consensus . 
  the third question on the [ faq ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/p5x2f/official_faq/ ) explains this . 
  you may think that kinmune is the eye of magnus , someone else may think it 's just a mining robot , and i may think it 's mk 's rambling that does n't exist in the lore at all , and we 'd all be equally correct . 
  that would be good , i 'd like to make a telvanni one . 
  good job , nova . 
  not too overdone , or dramatic , but a perfect reminder of a great man . 
  fyr has used magic to live a long time . 
  he 's the oldest mortal character in * morrowind * , in fact . 
  i honestly do n't know that much . 
  i do remember that altmer are the longest lived , but i do n't know about the others . 
  getting corprus disease from dagoth gares , in the house dagoth shrine of ilunibi . 
  come to think of it , all of ilunibi was scary as shit . 
  it 's quite good , but with some description of what 's going on ( materials used , process ) it 's very hard to follow ... 
  no need to apologize , we all were at that point once . 
  at any rate , great job on the tapestries !, 
  they are truly magnificent . 
  just going to throw this out here , but you should really get the pc version . 
  also , do sheogorath and jyggalag still exist as separate entities ? 
  am i the only one who thought `` imga '' before i even saw the link ? 
  maybe i need to spend less time on / r/teslore . 
  this last line has to be a bumper sticker . 
  please let this be a bumper sticker . 
  well , the set from morrowind actually looks really damn good . 
  i think the latter . 
  it actually looks about better in-game . 
  there are also several tree mods to choose from , so you can pick ones that better suit your taste . 
  fargoth looks hideous in the overhaul . 
  a very well researched one . 
  i consider it authoritative , unless contradicted by a better source . 
  nope , 
  - a vegetarian . 
  say i 've got a friend whose getting into drugs . 
  i 'm worried as hell about him . 
  anything you 'd say to him if you could ?
