  are they all equally correct versions of a really old song , or do some make more sense than others ? 
  pretty much what it says on the tin . 
  i just unlocked the gdr mig , and keep getting stomped by f-2 sabres . 
  bonus : maximilian i was childless ; what happens if mexico ends up in personal union with austria-hungary ? 
  [ this flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korolyov,_moscow_oblast#/media/file:flag_of_korolyov.svg ) , of the city in moscow oblast . 
  i do n't mind using google translate to stumble through a russian language site , but it would need to be shipped to the united states . 
  just that . 
  if i take over either of those two places , i ca n't form the duchy , despite meeting the requirements . 
  ... boycott , if not the game , then at the very least the most affected areas ( top end jets , etc ) . 
  we 've been hearing for ages from gaijin about reducing queue times , which seems to be a driving factor behind compressing the brs . 
  if enough people take a break to increase them or lower the player count , that seems to be all they 're looking at . 
  do n't headon bf-110s . 
  yes , shkas guns can do a lot of damage , i get it , but when i just killed the last 6 of your mates that tried it , you should probably adopt a new approach . 
  thanks for the floatplane , though . 
  well , we 're all here because we love the arado . 
  how do you fly it ? 
  what do you do and not do ? 
  what do you love facing , and what do you dread ? 
  specifically , i 'm thinking of hyderabad and sikkim . 
  i 'm playing as the republic of sicily under the byzantines ( going for forming the roman empire later . 
  i control all of sicily , venice , croatia , serbia , and most of wallachia ( all of my vassals are also republics ) , and the byzantines control all of their de jure empire sans part of armenia . 
  the abbasids control almost all of the arabian , persian , and abyssinian empires and have more than 45k troops . 
  how the hell do i break them up ? 
  i 'm planning to form the roman empire as the republic of sicily , but to do that i 'll need to destroy the byzantine empire and recreate it , which would result in the guard going independent . 
  at the very least , if they have land , i could re-vassalize them later . 
  however , i ca n't grant them land , and if i transfer vassalage to them , the vassal instantly goes independent . 
  edit : i found a way . 
  find a baron with no heirs ( so the title reverts to the liege upon death ) . 
  imprison them , pause , and transfer them to the captain of the guard . 
  before you un-pause , execute them . 
  the ui will still show that you will inherit the title , but it will go to the captain . 
  edit 2 : bonus !, 
  that somehow made him my vassal . 
  i 've gotten to westernizing without too much trouble , but all i 've been able to do is fiddle with the budget to get ~ 0.2 a day . 
  i just started playing vic2 the other day , so i 'm sorry if i 'm a little clueless . 
  my usual start is nf ` ing clergy until westernizing to boost research , disbanding the army , and cutting expenses to 0 . 
  westernizing itself is simple , and it happens a little after 1850 with no issue , save that i 'm always making less than # 1 per month , and it never goes up from there . 
  i took the decisions during westernization that build fabric and cement factories , and they 're up and running , though the population of craftsmen is rather pitiful ( ~ 1700/23 .5 k ) , even when i encourage them . 
  most advice i 've found is either to boost literacy - it 's never dropped below 80 % , so i think i 'm fine there , or build factories that use what you produce . 
  well , hawaii , and indeed nearly all of the pacific islands , appear to produce exactly fuck all other than fish , so i think i 'm sol there . 
  am i missing something simple ? 
  is there a link to the github page anywhere , now that paradox removed it from the forums ? 
  [ removed ], 
  just that . 
  it really sucks not being able to make an anti-abbess . 
  edit : / u/masaryk has pointed out that linguistic and cultural conservatism are not linked . 
  in that case , i 'll specify that the language and mythology are specifically what interest me . 
  currently starting a grand campaign ( hopefully to go all the way to stellaris ! ), 
  as ragnar lo\u00f0brok , and just reformed the germanic religion and subjugated saxony . 
  i 'm starting to think about what government type to reform to . 
  my goals for the ck2 segment of the game are to eradicate christianity and islam , and trigger the reformation of every other pagan faith along with setting them up some independent empires after that 's done ( i figure if i just go for painting the map , the eu4 and later segments are going to get really dull ) . 
  i 'd ordinarily go for a republic , because internal management is vastly easier without dynastic inheritance outside of patricians , but their restrictions on imprisoning and revoking titles could get really problematic with all the fucking around with holy sites i 'll have to do . 
  any thoughts ? 
  so , i 'm playing as ragnarr lothbrok , and just swore fealty to the byzantine emperor . 
  i used a glitch to give the varangian guard a county in finland . 
  the captain owes me a favor , but the option to force him into the faction is greyed out , saying he ca n't join it . 
  any idea why ? 
  currently playing a germanic emperor , and i have the witch king of lithuania as a vassal theocracy . 
  for some reason , i ca n't retract any of his titles . 
  is there a way to fix this ? 
  thinking about playing as the uk and crippling the usa . 
  edit : i have the same question regarding releasing them from mexico . 
  i just got invaded by the prethoryn swarm . 
  i know i can capture a queen off them and get an admiral , but before i fight them off , i wanted to know if any prethoryn pops actually spawn on worlds , and if i can get any in my empire . 
  any idea if it will cause problems ? 
  i 'm playing as a norse empire , but when i feudalize i 'm going to temporarily turn welsh to switch to tanistry . 
  if that happens , will i have problems with the republic and the empire trying to have the same heirs ? 
  also , if my vassal scotland attempts to take over the republic ( isle of man ) , will i be able to join the war and stop them ? 
  and yes , i 've tried reading the code . 
  the option to read it to him does n't show up , just the option to dismiss him . 
  i 'm trying to make a heightmap for jan mayen , and downloaded map data from [ here ] ( http://geodata.npolar.no/ ) , specifically j100 kartdata . 
  it gave me a bunch of . sos files , which i used sosicon to unpack ( ? ), 
  into a bunch of . dbf , . prj , . shp , and . shx files , then downloaded qgis to poke around . 
  now i 'm completely stumped , and have no idea how to turn this file zoo into a usable heightmap . 
  just that . 
  in 1974 , portugal was actually winning in several areas of the war ( angola and mozambique ) . 
  if the carnation revolution never happens , which colonies can portugal hold on to , and how long can it do it ? 
  this is the only place i could find to ask , so i 'm sorry if it 's a little off-topic . 
  as many of you probably know , the juice from a still-green pecan husk will stain the heck out of any skin ( and many other things ) it touches . 
  for a halloween costume this year , i was considering running some husks through a crusher and collecting the juice , then using it to make designs on my face and hands , similar to henna . 
  tests on my thumb have yielded satisfactory results , with no ill side effects , but i wanted to make sure i was n't doing something harmful . 
  i 'm a lifeguard in austin , tx , and this past month , we 've had a lot of bees around the pool , mostly ( i think ) drinking water that splashed up onto the deck . 
  i have had to fish a couple out of the water ( and had fun explaining to some patrons why i had a bee drying herself off on my hand ) , but they 've been pretty sweet , at least until some kid has the bright idea to try and chase them away . 
  is this normal for them to do ? 
  and out of curiosity , as someone who is interested in beekeeping when my living situation permits , is this something that one would need to worry about ? 
  exactly what it says on the tin . 
  i 'm making a city on a custom jan mayen map , and to complete it , it would be awesome to have a population of polar bears inhabiting the city . 
  for those of you wondering what the heck brought this on , see [ here ] ( http://www.victoria2wiki.com/jan_mayen ) . 
  considering buying automatron , but i 've read a huge number of complaints about most or all of the random encounters becoming rust devils ( making it difficult to find [ the scribe ] ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/the_scribe ) , for instance . 
  was this changed in a patch , or is there a reliable mod to fix it ? 
  i 'd love to get the things from the dlc , but not by ruining everything else . 
  a few weeks ago , friend of mine got some of us brainstorming about what austin would look like in the 20 years after the bombs fell . 
  the following is what i wrote :, 
  ~ ~ the mopac improvement project enters its 67th year . ~ ~, 
  austin remains an important city , both as the capital of the texas commonwealth , and as a military research center via ut . 
  however , the city has started to fall apart , as wealthy residents have fled to the suburbs after the city center has spent the past 20 years dealing with protests , and more recently riots , over the shortage of food and fuel , as well as government inability to handle the new plague . 
  in february 2077 , fev research was leaked to the public , wiping out any morale boost over the anchorage reclamation , and austin was not spared from the nationwide violent outcry . 
  martial law was declared over the city center in august 2077 , after it was discovered that the federal government had pressured ut and other local universities to deny readmission to hundreds of students who had been radicalized by the anti-fev protests the previous semester . 
  more riots break out in west campus , ut is ringed by military checkpoints , and downtown quickly drops in value and population as those with means leave the city center , only returning for what jobs are left in the day , and leaving by nightfall . 
  what students remain live in the guarded confines of improvised dormitories on campus , rather than risk living on the outside .
