  west campus itself becomes a haven for the beatniks and left wing intellectuals . 
  the low property values spur the creation of several communes and other alternative living arrangements , though many of these become dysfunctional and become centers for petty crime and chem manufacture and distribution , harboring those wishing to take advantage of the relative lawlessness of the area . 
  the national guard quietly gives up policing the decaying neighborhood , instead preparing for orders to clear the entire area out , scheduled for january 2078 . 
  the rest of the town tries valiantly to carry on as usual , but social and material tensions remain high . 
  public busing and newer fusion-powered vehicles gradually ease the results of the oil crisis , but food and medicine remain woefully scarce . 
  ** post-war : **, 
  early morning , october 23rd , 2077 , the austin area is struck by 3 nuclear warheads , targeting camp mabry , the i-35 bridge and longhorn dam , and the airport . 
  further bombs target surrounding military and communication installations , as well as several other dams along the highland lakes . 
  the resulting floods overwhelm the dams and wash out bridges , splitting the city , or what 's left of it , in two . 
  the next two weeks play out similarly in austin as elsewhere in the former us . 
  black , radioactive rain poisons what survived the bombs . 
  ghouls , as terrified of their new condition as their neighbors , emerge . 
  those humans who did not perish in the attack rapidly begin to succumb to the effects of starvation , lack of medical care , and relentless violence as desperate survivors cast aside civilization to become the first generation of raiders . 
  their mark on history is minimal ; by christmas , 99 % of the survivors are dead . 
  not everyone trusted their future to fate , or to the vaults , of course . 
  over the next year , those survivalists , kooks , and paranoid beatniks who refused to trust their fate to the government and built their own shelters open the doors on a new world . 
  from the outset , the austin of the post-apocalypse is markedly different from the old world . 
  the survivors are the extreme fringe elements of the pre-war spectrum , united only in a distrust of the government , their neighbors , or both . 
  inevitably , many are plagued by paranoia , exacerbated by the hell they now live in . 
  the second generation of raiders is born from the lone wolves who seek to eke out a living with their wits and guns . 
  with the former often limited , and ammunition spent quickly , they do n't last much longer than the first set . 
  west campus is one of the first areas to show signs of civilization . 
  hydroponics once used for more recreational purposes can be turned to the production of a limited quantity of food . 
  clean water is even more scarce , with the river saturated with deadly isotopes , and radioactive material falling with the rain . 
  over the next few years , a few communes re-emerge , but even between like minds , peace is fragile . 
  petty ideological disagreements have survived the bombs , and occasionally flare into violent squabbles , often ending prematurely when the need for water or food overcomes the need for victory . 
  similar `` progress '' is made on the outskirts . 
  survivalists have created scattered homesteads in the ruins of the suburbs , living of scavenge and whatever game remains to be hunted . 
  a few also possess similar hydroponics setups to avoid the radioactive outside soil , but food remains scarce . 
  in the first few years after the end of the world , longer-term effects already began to show . 
  cancers are widespread , and after the pillage from the hospitals runs low , disease again becomes the city 's biggest killer , surpassing even radiation poisoning . 
  those chem pushers with the foresight to diversify from jet , daytripper , and daddy-o manage to produce home remedies on some scale , but distribution is hampered by justified fear of attacks from the desperate who turn to raiding . 
  a few dying souls turn to radiation itself , attempting to escape their personal hells by becoming ghouls . 
  most die in the attempt . 
  * miscellaneous thoughts : *, 
  -10 -20 years is way too soon for any real civilizations , much less any of the familiar factions , to be in this setting . 
  the earliest might be the brotherhood , and we 're looking at about 75 years before they might even have scouts in the area . 
  the first vaults did n't open for at least 20 . 
  - life in the first century after the war is going to be hellish on the surface . 
  anything set it that time should be appropriately brutal . 
  just that . 
  i 'd like to be able to have things like stills and chem dealers at non-raider settlements . 
  no reason i have to forget how to build them after open season . 
  basically , i 'm thinking of a game like this : get a big colony ship together , point it at laythe , then go back and demolish the ksc and waste all the remaining funds . 
  the whole game will then be whatever i can get make with the colony ship , no going back to kerbin allowed . 
  current modlist :, 
  - anything by roverdude, 
  - scansat, 
  what else would improve the experience ? 
  i 've never done something like this , so i 'm open to suggestions . 
  so this is a thing now !, 
  i 'll be updating things when i get back from work , but feel free to make yourselves at home . 
  if you are skilled at css work , i 'm not , so send me a pm if you 'd like to get added to the mod team to help with that . 
  - working title : victoria 's secret : geopolitical dating simulator, 
  - what is it ? 
  [ `` it 's a mix between dating sim , grand strategy and a collectible card game . 
  '' ] ( https://twitter.com/geopoldatingsim/status/800470210583007232 ), 
  - the game is currently in pre-alpha development with placeholder art . 
  - yes , this is real . 
  - updates are posted at https://twitter.com/geopoldatingsim , to avoid cluttering @martin_anward 's main account . 
  ^ 1 : ^ between ^ this ^ and ^ being ^ a ^ personal ^ project ^ by ^ mr. 
  ^ anward , ^ this ^ means ^ you ^ should n't ^ drive ^ him ^ crazy ^ demanding ^ release ^ predictions . 
  i 'm particularly interested in celtic cultures and pre-christian norse and balts , though i 'd like to hear about anything i can . 
  if it helps , the reasoning for this slightly bizarre set is that i 'm going to be modding in some events for either eu4 or vic2 for a grand campaign in which my empire contains those cultures , and i 'm strongly considering making the standardization or lack thereof of the slave trade a source of internal conflict . 
  i 've had this in my library for a while , and enough people on / r/morrowind going on about how good it is finally convinced me to try it . 
  is there anything i should know before i start playing ? 
  i 'm playing as the roc , got an alliance , and declared war on the prc . 
  us has no other wars going on , and they 're twiddling their thumbs . 
  after the referendum , emperor akihito also rescinds the humanity declaration , stating that it was forced on his father by the allied occupation post-wwii . 
  besieging an empire castle , and the enemy sallied forth against my first attack . 
  get to the battle ... and me and all of my archers have something like 2-3 arrows each . 
  is this supposed to happen ? 
  i 'd understand if it was a surprise attack while the siege ladders/towers were being built , to simulate being caught off guard , but after the army gears up to launch an attack ? 
  i think they 'd remember their primary weapon . 
  if for some brain-dead reason this * is * an actual feature , how would i go about editing it out ? 
  i was reading about the history of the netherlands antilles , and it mentioned that when aruba became a separate constituent country of the kingdom of the netherlands , the dutch planned for it to become independent no later than 1996 , which was accepted only reluctantly , and then rejected completely . 
  was this common during the decolonization period , for nations to steer former colonies to independence even against popular opinion ? 
  if so , why ? 
  reading wikipedia when this came up :, 
  `` during the 1860s and 1870s , there were occasional anti-chinese demonstrations in the poorer districts of san francisco . 
  riots , sometimes resulting in fatalities , took place . 
  during one incident , norton allegedly positioned himself between the rioters and their chinese targets ; with a bowed head , he started reciting the lord 's prayer repeatedly until the rioters dispersed without incident . '', 
  i 'm playing as austria , waiting for the ngf to form so i can smash it , sphere it , and form germany . 
  prussia has everyone it should need in it 's sphere , but is n't forming it . 
  when i tag-switched to it , it says that it does n't have the provinces it needs . 
  i have luxembourg sphered and elsa\u00df-lothringen taken , but prussia should n't need those for the ngf . 
  the only reason i can think of is that i took silesia from prussia as soon as the game started . 
  will that stop them forming the ngf ? 
  edit : yes , that was it . 
  guess i 'll have to wage more wars than i hoped to form germany . 
  i 'm working on a city on my [ jan mayen map ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=766104163 ) , but i 'm really starting to dislike how it turns into a modern-looking city rather than a remote arctic settlement . 
  if any of you know some assets i can throw together into a style to solve this , i would really appreciate it . 
  sorry , ignorant yank incoming :, 
  last couple of days , my news has been full of stories about martin mcguinness stepping down as deputy first minister , immediately followed by speculation about everything from the fate of the good friday agreement to rather more outlandish potential events . 
  anyone mind providing a summary of what 's actually going on ? 
  i was interested in , though never joined , civcraft many months ago . 
  i looked it up again , and wound up finding this . 
  i understand the current map will get reset sometime in february , as this is a test . 
  all that said , i 've never played on a civcraft type server before , so any pointers or information is appreciated . 
  i 've mentioned this before in the beta feedback post , but i never got a response .
