  ma'am , little you sounds awesome . 
  well , the next challenge should be much better defined . 
  still , it 's always nice to see people grappling with the existing ones . 
  almsivi intervention . 
  agreed . 
  totally unrelated . 
  yes , it 's still there . 
  technically . 
  winner 's flair is something i 'm working on . 
  everyone 's opinion is respected here , given that it is presented courteously . 
  i notice 2 are missing engines . 
  well , i know it 's all been redesigned . 
  it 's the scarab symbol that has been interested/worried . 
  undead panspermia !, 
  ok , i hate to be the one to say it , but lilmoth just sounds like an ancestor moth porn actress . 
  for me , the magic is being able to assassinate the * living god * who orchestrates the main quest and still being able to find a method of completion anyway . 
  ok , that seems right . 
  i hope it 's right . 
  what state are you in ? 
  you could always move to austin , we 've got a great one here ... 
  ditch long blade , and switch it with acrobatics . 
  helgen is in falkreath hold . 
  siddgeir is already the jarl . 
  i see the point , i 'm just a bit of a stickler for lore . 
  i 'd honestly prefer to assassinate maven and take over riften . 
  but then , this is n't my mod . 
  well , both of the jarls of falkreath have their own serious issues . 
  siddgeir , the imperial jarl , deposed his father and and is lazy and unscrupulous . 
  dengeir , the stormcloak jarl , is old and paranoid , seeing plots everywhere . 
  it could be that your faction sends you in as to help keep the hold stable , and keep an eye on the jarl , with a power base just out from under their nose . 
  it also gives you a way to expand the mod , with some quests and intrigue , should you choose to do so in the future . 
  post screenshots if possible . 
  it 's not a `` contest '' per se , as you 're not trying to outdo the others . 
  that said , vanilla content will be seen as equal to overhaul content . 
  mgso is more than some . esp files . 
  also , mgso has it 's own installer . 
  it 's not like mount and blade , but it 's a very good game . 
  come join us at / r/morrowind if you 're interested . 
  but maven does n't have an arrow in her skull . 
  i want an arrow in her skull . 
  the community is still going strong . 
  just take a look around here . 
  as for mods :, 
  julan ashlander companion : this is the mod i try to push on to everyone . 
  it adds a very well done companion with his own questline , which is tied up in the main quest very heavily , while still remaining totally true to the lore . 
  tamriel rebuilt : adds a large part of mainland morrowind and is still under active development . 
  is bigger than both of the expansions , again totally lore friendly . 
  morrowind code patch : essential for tamriel rebuilt ( map resize ) , and allows you to fix/do some things that should have been in the initial release anyway . 
  morrowind patch project : fixes a metric ton of bugs . 
  from image , seed : 1640795889, 
  as you should . 
  american , this matches what we do . 
  there is a huge difference between proof and lack of contrary evidence . 
  type : `` ra '' , no quotes , into the console whenever this happens . 
  this should relocate them to their normal positions . 
  it 's great that you 've been able to get off the stuff . 
  man , my prostate must be in great shape ... 
  try using console commands to spawn a hostile rat or something to damage you again . 
  it might fix it . 
  side to side is tied with movement ... well , it 's progress . 
  scribs . 
  have you tried selecting them with the console and typing `` startcombat player '' ? 
  dunmeri was pretty good though . 
  `` one day , a storm will come and destroy this government and all it holds dear . 
  when this storm comes , look into its eye . 
  i 'll be watching . '', 
  [ this ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:easter_eggs#ashlander_names ) might interest you . 
  tr is such a tease ... 
  must ... have ... 
  i 've noticed . 
  i plan to join myself as soon as school slows down a bit . 
  beautiful . 
  eh , my stealthy archer character can manage it at level 8 or so . 
  my only gripe is that the inhabitants re-spawn . 
  chim is always capslocked . 
  acrobatics . 
  source ? 
  actually , `` the great war '' never mentions sutch . 
  the only book that does it `` thief of virtue '' , but that book was in oblivion , as was fort sutch . 
  it could be that the city is in hammerfell , but the fort is in cyrodiil . 
  federal agents [ can still bust people for pot even in states that have legalized it ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/06/15/us-usa-marijuana-california-idusbre85e02d20120615 ) . 
  states do not have the power to nullify a federal law . 
  some , like falion , left the college , seemingly on bad terms . 
  so i do n't think so . 
  not really . 
  renders included , this is one of the most beautiful pictures i 've seen on this subreddit thus far . 
  tell them . 
  not all will be difficult for experienced players . 
  part of the idea is giving folks a reason to visit some of the more remote locations . 
  that . 
  also , if you put them on the ground and pick them up in a new cell , a dremora should pop up . 
  abot 's mods do that well , though . 
  any kind of tech help goes here . 
  this sounds like tech help to me . 
  alakazam, 
  draft neither , on the basis that they have dependents . 
  the increase in draftees would easily make up for it . 
  excellent . 
  thanks for the link , prince . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/bi3ia#0 ) are some i made in the past .
