  my girlfriend and i got to know each other playing d&d in high school . 
  when we started dating , it turned out that everyone else in the group had been wondering when we were finally going to get on with it ... 
  no way they needed that . 
  even the dm figured it out , and there 's not a chance he got higher than a 12 . 
  if it 's ok to piggyback off this a bit , are there any good ones about law or legal systems ? 
  i 've some questions about socialist law vs civil or common law , and have no idea where to ask them . 
  not just the vietnamese , every other american who 's mentioned the city talking with me has said saigon . 
  i 'd go so far as to say that saigon is the more widely recognized name . 
   ( more fearsome than even ah mods ), 
  damn , that 's a fearsome reputation indeed !, 
  i 'll be sure to look over there . 
  i 'm thinking something like the [ kuati shipyards ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/4/4d/eaw_kuat.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070221015046 ) from star wars . 
  that would be amazing . 
  you collaborations with her are fantastic . 
  i hope you do more in the future !, 
  at least in the city i live in , the majority of pools are free in the summer ( exceptions are some of the larger and fancier ones ) , and in winter we do n't charge at all for the ones that remain open . 
  tell me about it . 
  my california games always involve taking the entire northern pacific coast just to stop the raids . 
  it also provides some nice places to land hawaiian-cultured vassals , as i usually convert to that culture . 
  after all , they stayed loyal when no others did . 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure context helps much . 
  14.41 meter wingspan to the pfeil 's 13.85 . 
  not far off . 
  yes . 
  anyone who is , at birth , a us citizen , can be president . 
  are you asking about the soviet government , or the people in the soviet union ? 
  tending toward the latter , alexei leonov , a soviet cosmonaut , mentioned it very briefly in a dual autobiography he wrote with american astronaut david scott . 
  he said that while soviet television did not cover it , the press ( presumably the newspapers ) gave the crew 's problems a good deal of coverage . 
  unfortunately , he says little more than that . 
  for anyone interested , the biography is called `` two sides of the moon '' ; the paragraph mentioned above is slightly more than halfway through chapter 9 ( page 260 in my version ) . 
  sort of . 
  he 's serving out the rest of his term in that position . 
  upon registering for the democratic primary before this last election , he stated that he would contest all future elections as a democrat , not an independent . 
  the british had nothing to do with the 1975 constitutional crisis . 
  john kerr , as governor-general , dismissed whitlam , and later called elections . 
  the queen and the british parliament had no warning at all . 
  ^ this one gets it . 
  which was n't perfect for dragons in the first place , and somewhat shows its limits with vertibirds . 
  your examples would fall under this , no need for beating around the bush . 
  [ not quite . 
  ] ( https://www.popehat.com/2016/11/06/private-porn-shoots-brilliant-no/ ), 
  the author , [ marc randazza ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marc_randazza ) , is a noted first amendment attorney . 
  it was n't overheating , rather , the vibrations shaking parts off . 
  or a computer failure shutting down all of the engines . 
  or a pump exploding immediately before the launch command was sent . 
  yeah , it had some problems . 
  this is definitely going to be the future of the game , not the ports to skyrim/oblivion ( as much as i like the idea behind them ) . 
  if you 'd like more detailed recommendations , come on over to / r/morrowind . 
  we 've got some resources linked , and are happy to help new players . 
  what did they patch out ? 
  i think the ones in the german tree will have copies in the italian tree . 
  but if you have the mc .202 now , you can have it in both lines . 
  other way around , used to be called town lake , now officially lady bird lake . 
  almost no one ( sensible ) is going to bat an eye if you use the old name , and some of us still do . 
  welcome to the joy that is the embrace of the lord . 
  praise be !, 
  no , they can get married in every state now . 
  that 's been the case ever since the ruling . 
  mildly curious why the soviet * buran * shuttle was used for the picture , but it certainly came out well . 
  it 's been nearly four years , but i posted [ 14 parts ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/search?q=author%3aexovian&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on ) of a fanfic that started as a school project . 
  not sure if i 'll ever get back to it , but i 've considered it a few times . 
  if he could have kept his mouth shut , the entire election would have been very different . 
  well , not permanently . 
  just to note , . tv is actually the cctld for tuvalu , not a generic tld . 
  they actually market it quite a bit for outside use , as it can earn them a fair bit of money due to the popularity of it . 
  except it frequently is . 
  many cities have a need to store large things or pieces of equipment that are too big to be stored inside or to easily steal , and/or are resistant enough that weather is n't a concern . 
  they also need a place to store old things prior to disposal , and as it happens , the requirements for that are pretty much identical . 
  because of that , you get things like this all the time . 
   my friend is from cornwall and i promised her i would conquer the world for her . 
  alt-history writeup of this , now . 
  it 's way too cute to pass up !, 
  it 's the chinese nationalist government that lost the chinese civil war . 
  though it was driven off the mainland in 1949 , it still governs taiwan to this day ( and still calls itself the republic of china , officially ) . 
  the people 's republic of china ( what nearly everyone refers to as china ) claims to be the rightful government of all china , including taiwan , despite never having controlled taiwan . 
  yes !, 
  thank you for making this . 
  now all we need is for someone to figure out how to allow airships to be outside connections . 
  actually , 21 countries recognize it officially , and many more have unofficial relations . 
  taiwanese passports are accepted in most countries , even those who do n't recognize the roc . 
  wal-mart is infamous for preventing its workers from unionizing by any means available , including shutting down entire stores . 
   f2a-1s eating the entire low-br bracket alive, 
  apt description , though there was some glorious fun to be had before they slammed the brakes on that . 
  i can attest that the f2a-1 with wing guns clubbed like hell in rb as well . 
  i bought before the steam release and never transferred . 
  only option i have . 
  nothing really stopping it from being an english word . 
  i certainly understood it without issue . 
   the republic was named after weimar, 
  it was actually not . 
  while `` weimar republic '' is used as a historical term to refer to germany in that time period , the country was still officially the `` deutsches reich '' all the way from 1871 to 1943 . 
  leading an naacp chapter in athens must have been frustrating at times . 
  my parents had to explain racism to my brother and i at an incredibly young age , because our grandmother would try to ban us from playing in the kiwanis city park , her reasoning being that `` that 's where the colored kids go '' . 
  not even 15 years ago . 
  sorry to hear about your loss ; it seems like that area needed that kind of person . 
  steel/iron ( and other metals ) do n't suddenly transform from sturdy beams to liquid . 
  as the temperature goes up , they become softer and start acting more like a soft plastic than what you think of as metal . 
  i suppose a good analogy might be wax : solid , but comparatively very easy to bend . 
  steel weakens in such a manner long before it reaches it 's melting point , which is actually essential for being able to work it ( think blacksmithing ) . 
  wow , thanks for that !,
