  yay !, 
  too old ? 
  no , get back . 
  song 's still awesome . 
  was this in europe ? 
  otherwise moving out of the country seems way too extreme . 
  ever tried camping ? 
  it 's a nice way to get out and see the world . 
  a few miles of walking in a day can make the down time far more meaningful . 
  or , if that 's a bit much , get a bike ( and helmet ! ), 
  if your area is remotely suitable . 
  ride around with a few bucks and visit new places . 
  if you have a chain/lock , tie the bike up and visit a bookstore , get a cup of coffee , something . 
  if games still sound good , but you want more interaction , try dungeons and dragons if you can find a group . 
  v3 .5 is my favorite , but it does n't matter as long as you have fun . 
  it 's a bit harder to get into , but you 'll never find anything like it with a video game . 
  nice job !, 
  good luck finding something new !, 
  what / u/cml33 said . 
  also , put this in the tech help thread ; it 's there for a reason . 
  no big deal , now you know . 
  your games were my elementary school years , and they also started a long interest in history for me . 
  thanks !, 
  i guess there 's no particular logical reason , but i have a liking for unique items , and i 've always found the inability to upgrade to be particularly galling in that case . 
  sounds good !, 
  how do you fly multiple planes at once like that ? 
  i did that after landing once . 
  4-5 years old , in 2001 . 
  it was so cool seeing all the buttons and dials and talking to the pilots . 
  now ? 
  not a chance . 
  any reason you have two docking ports on top of each other ? 
  i think it 's because now that people have paid , they want more solid action . 
  i paid knowing this might happen , but i 'm none too thrilled myself , even if not surprised . 
  it 's almost nice , because any content is a pleasant surprise now . 
  that 's certainly true . 
  i do agree with your point about people getting bent out of shape - if they have no hope , why are they here ? 
  my real concern is that the lack of communication will hurt in other ways , by making devs afraid to make games that can get compared to cube world . 
  my school district included compressed gas and springs . 
  i did , however , determine that bows , crossbows , and directed energy weapons are not covered by the ban . 
  either a pair of argentinian cavalry lances from the late 1800s , or the morrowind collector 's edition . 
  current teenage child , can confirm , i do not want to know . 
  best that way , i would think . 
  is that the one where is eventually devolves into a competition to see who has the biggest ball of string , or is that a different one ? 
  that would be nice , possibly . 
  but arms embargoes prevent any space cooperation . 
  if possible , someday , i would love to visit baikonur to see a launch . 
  ok , stupid question / `` have you tried restarting '' equivalent : have you gone to the `` data files '' button in the launcher and checked it to be loaded ? 
  poll sounds fine . 
  also , good on you for recognizing your own behavior ; too many mods do n't . 
  huh . 
  that 's really odd . 
  i 'll poke around a bit and see what i can figure out . 
  great !, 
  only real advice off the top of my head is to make a full backup of your morrowind folder before doing anything . 
  this sounds salvageable , but i 'd keep a backup handy . 
  i ca n't stand sweet tea , never have . 
  also upload to / r/space . 
  it 's a start . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  this looks amazing . 
  yes . 
  but the game handles it in such a way that anything other than a fighter is very underpowered by late game . 
  i love the idea , but i do with someone made a more serious merchant for it or left it out . 
  yep , putting up new thread now . 
  also , you ca n't quit . 
  once you 're in , you 're in . 
  new weekly thread is up . 
  repost there if you want people to see this . 
  at this point , i 'd be surprised if they 're surprised about anything . 
  podzol makes a really great mulch for builds . 
  under 30m/s , and very slow descent . 
  that 's how i do it . 
  yep . 
  good luck to whoever does this !, 
  if no one has posted in 24 hours , i 'll give it a go . 
  also , giving a link to the savefile would be great . 
  actually , the soyuz crews are given knowledge of their flight path precisely so that they can land without mission control . 
  ok , i 'm starting a run now . 
  no offense taken . 
  we 've taken a few steps to help , namely the weekly tech help threads , though i admit enforcement of the posting rules should be better . 
  we have debated using reddit 's wiki feature for mod help , though the idea has n't gotten off the ground . 
  secondly , feel free to submit more content and encourage others when they do the same . 
  us mods can make rules , and certainly they can help , but to try to moderate the sub to quality ourselves would be an exercise in futility and poor judgement , as well as a disservice to you and other users . 
  third , if you have suggestions , always feel free to voice them , either via post or modmail . 
  we 're happy to listen . 
  just the one . 
  poor bastard . 
  france lost over 75,000 soldiers in the [ first indochina war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_indochina_war ) . 
  compare to roughly 58,000 american dead in what we now call the vietnam war . 
  not exactly unscathed . 
  really , those wars screwed everyone involved . 
  how much of this was done with on-site grinders/farms/generators ? 
  did you cart some sheep over for wool ? 
  ok . that 's extraordinarily impressive !, 
  [ done . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit_space_program/comments/1nrozj/mission_4_kerbin_circumnavigation/ ), 
  yes , not even counting cambodia and laos . 
  very nice !,
