  seed for the lazy :, 
  flint and steel would be faster . 
  and fill up more of the health bar . 
  the first section is very confusing to figure out how to do . 
  a simple pull down menu is fine , though rating 10 is difficult . 
  beyond the top 3 it is basically arbitrary . 
  another great mod is julan ashlander companion . 
  it is fabulous ( and soon to be updated ) . 
  before you look at the fact that it relates to the main quest - yes , it does , and no , it does n't change default quests at all . 
  it 's totally lore-friendly . 
  it 's also the best companion mod in mw history , in my opinion . 
  mind sharing your source for that last ? 
  i 've heard that , but never having been much exposed to either source , i did n't know where it came from . 
  i also have a few other questions , but those will need to wait for their own thread , i think . 
  and racism . 
  you forgot the racism . 
  / r/morrowind . 
  i like morrowind , i guess . 
  ca n't deny that . 
  very nice !, 
  you 're very welcome . 
  i 'm currently planning the full terraforming of the end in survival , complete with a transplanted village , and this is a very interesting example of another attempt at something somewhat similar . 
  epilepsy concerns . 
  you can choose your texture pack , but not what some nut makes their skin . 
  removed on account of there being a tech help thread made for things exactly like this . 
  look at it this way : it 's different , it 's got a style all it 's own . 
  a quartz block does nothing to make this type of thing obsolete , only give more options the next time around . 
  now this is very well done , but ... nsfw . 
  i very much got an asajj ventress vibe off of that . 
  post in the tech help thread , please . 
  additionally , try checking what path the patcher is looking in . 
  yeah , it looks like you might be able to make it back . 
  that 's the issue . 
  skyrim has very few `` good '' quests . 
  `` wrong '' is relative to what he wants to accomplish . 
  maybe he was going for a polar orbit . 
  moho was much cooler when it had that burning atmosphere . 
  ( pun intended ), 
  no , the islands are slightly east-southeast of the ksc . 
  this looks very much like a northbound trajectory . 
  on the plus side , you can always blame the cat . 
  shame . 
  nice for the cats , at any rate . 
  and / r/morrowind is always here to help . 
  maybe incorporate baan dar ( the [ bandit god ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:baan_dar ) ) somehow ? 
  except redstone is server side , like everything else . 
  only the client perceives the chicken as not floating . 
  you do that . 
  i started on xbox myself , and while it is inferior , it 's damn good . 
  problem appears to be solved , also , this is what the tech help threads address . 
  deleted . 
  ... it depends . 
  if it looks cool enough , it should be fine . 
  it 's weird . 
  one died jumping on a fuel tank , but plummet a few dozen meters into the ground and nothing 's wrong . 
  how are you going to deal with the travel time ? 
  it 's seems like time-warp would mess up the calculations . 
  it 's very hard at low levels , and pickpocketing is broken without the code patch . 
  hey . 
  fargoth set me up with arrille and got me some sweet prices on that stuff i swiped from the census office . 
  you leave him alone , or we 're going to have some problems . 
  if you could get 3d graphics for dwarf fortress ... 
  do n't need new dialogue . 
  just have them walk in and start swinging . 
  actually , [ here ] ( http://notch.tumblr.com/post/28188312756/gender-in-minecraft ) is why no gender at all was added to minecraft . 
  very much worth reading . 
  i do not know this song . 
  i do not listen to this band . 
  but this was the greatest note block song i have ever seen . 
  well done !, 
  [ read this . 
  ] ( http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/beacon ), 
  do we get a picture of the islands ? 
  yes . 
  this . 
  perhaps a nord former companion , exiled from skyrim for killing her sister over the affections of a tempter . 
  she lives alone in morrowind , as far to the north as possible , to be closer to her ancestral homeland of atmora . 
  here she prays daily for the spirit of shor to grant her forgiveness for her crimes . 
  could also be male , but that seems a tad cliche . 
  edit : if i get to suggest a name , katuva rime-brow . 
  `` katuva '' is finnish for `` penitent '' , and rime is `` an accumulation of granular ice tufts on the windward sides of exposed objects , '' according to merriam-webster . 
  `` katuvar '' makes a nice male equivalent . 
  i like better bodies , but that 's it mostly . 
  the recreation of mainland morrowind as an addon anyone can download . 
  hmm ... from a younger perspective ( 16/m ) , i think it 's very possible . 
  i know some girls with disabilities or deformities , and they 're no less attractive for it . 
  as cliche as it is , the way you deal with your body and the attitude you take toward it and life in general is what makes the impression . 
  look up arktwend . 
  you 'll need to grab an english translation , though . 
  more seriously , do n't make it all about sex . 
  a lot of us like to build a relationship before considering banging you . 
  also , yes , quit with the fucking hints . 
  could it be possible that whether to become the nerevarine was a choice of the hero , thus allowing the players room to be what they wish ? 
  even as an imperial , the first thing i do is kick that s ` wit out . 
  not your skyrim or your war , jerk ... 
  ah yes . 
  if done via quest , i think yagrum is really the only `` essential '' character . 
  and if you 're * really * a badass , you can get sunder and keening , quaff tons of health potions , and * still * beat the game even if killed everyone in vvardenfell . 
  try a bit less pointy . 
  also , a small village on an outlying island could be cool .
