  this was helpful . 
  i get what you mean about it being tempting to `` make improvements '' , so we 're trying to take it slow for now . 
  nice job . 
  a bit big , but nice ride nonetheless . 
  minimalist munar landings do n't get old . 
  incorrect . 
  0.14 is out . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://kerbalspaceprogram.com/forum/index.php?topic=8278.0 ) . 
  morrowind all the way . 
  it even has skyrim beat in some gameplay areas such as magic ( yeah , it looks like crap , but i can fly and teleport ) and weapon/armor variety . 
  i know many think it a cheat , but i preferred skills that are n't capped at 100 . 
  it also seemed to be more viable to combine magic with other playstyles in morrowind , mainly because of levitation , mark/recall , and intervention . 
  i must point out that daedra are not sexless . 
  dremora , golden saints , and dark seducers have all be clearly show to have male and female varieties . 
  building up uvirith 's grave . 
  i see what you did there . 
   i have pics so it happened . 
  i want these pics . 
  i want this . 
  it is ... fantastic . 
  awesome . 
  could you describe it for me ? 
  it sounds interesting . 
  industrial flames and explosions has the type of srbs you 're looking for . 
  ah , thank you !, 
  i 'll test this tomorrow . 
  thank you , i 'll be installing this in tel yarrow shortly . 
  simple . 
  get a few silverfish ( from blocks strongholds ) . 
  get a few out , and make the machine in the center . 
  silverfish with hide in blocks near the machine , turning them into silverfish blocks . 
  when the snowman attacks the silverfish in the machine , it alerts the others , which then pop out and repeat . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the blocks would turn into entities for the time it takes them to fall , allowing the silverfish to get trapped and suffocate . 
  i agree . 
  the inventiveness is what 's cool . 
  in morrowind , there are free roaming wild daedra in the grazelands , so ... 
  yes ? 
  [ here . 
  gets into orbit with fuel to spare , and flies like a dream . 
  all stock . 
  there 's [ creeper ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:creeper ) . 
  just bangs on his drum all day in caldera . 
  we are the 99 % !, 
  the file claiming to be the mod was either a virus or a crappy porn mod , from what i 've heard . 
  same here . 
  flobblem roleplays too . 
  he roleplays a badass . 
  you ca n't in ksp . 
  the gravity model just switches to whichever body is dominant where you are , with no interplay between them . 
  well . 
  time to flag this as nsfw now ... 
  point . 
  i 'm going to keep it that way , to be on the safe side . 
  can i have a link ? 
  fake . 
  the mod never existed . 
  it is . 
  morrowind under dosbox ? 
  yeah , right ... 
  thanks , prince . 
  legion quests ? 
  `` dremora are an aggressive humanoid species of daedra '' - uesp, 
  that flight never made use of the autopilot . 
  just fly straight up for 12,000 m , then pitch over to 45 degrees until the apoapsis is to your liking . 
  it flies beautifully . 
  if you get into mods , make frequent backups of your morrowind folder . 
  save often , enemies in morrowind are not leveled like they are in the other two games . 
  focus hard on one weapon skill at first , or you ** will ** find your ass being handed to you on a limeware platter by rats . 
  that 's all i 've got to say to start with . 
  bear in mind that this is 5 years old . 
  unless something directly contradicts the games , it 's fine . 
  if it does , dragon break . 
  good choice !, 
  [ this man ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:sirollus_saccus ) , in ebonheart , sells the best restocking arrows in the game , if you have the coin . 
  [ this quest ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:vassir-didanat_cave ) , which is easy at level one , gets you a free daedric weapon . 
  daedric bows are hard to find , get this one . 
  if you 're into stealth , join the morag tong . 
  speaking of stealth , it goes very well with archery . 
  if you go at all into magic , mysticism give you interventions , mark , and recall for getting out of trouble . 
  there really are n't . 
  you have to listen to instructions . 
  if you need a map , you 're in the same boat as the rest of us , do n't feel bad . 
  just bookmark [ this ] ( http://www.uesp.net/maps/mwmap/mwmap.shtml ) . 
  you want to command a level five creature for half a day to drag creeper all the way to your house . 
  that 's pretty good . 
  it 's nice to seen people continuing to be so inspired by this game . 
  yeah , i was told my mushroom tower complex did n't fit with the `` medieval theme '' of the town . 
  pardon me if i 'm wrong , but would n't zero-g make spleef impossible ? 
  because the whole point is to dig the ground out from under the other players ... 
  good , good ... but why give them a boat if you ca n't hijack it ? 
  it does indeed . 
  if i had known of this subreddit , i would have put it here , so thanks . 
  even if we assume that with chim , vivec could cast down dagoth , crushed the empire , et cetera , would he have wanted to ? 
  whether or not you like the imperials , they were certainly better than the chaos that came after the fall of the empire . 
  vehk would probably have known that taking too much direct action , even if against dagoth , would have provoked the empire ( who , lets not forget , is patronized by another chim-knower/s , talos ) , and harmed the dunmer people in the long run . 
  we do . 
  it 's called anvil format . 
  would you mind posting the rocket you used to get here ? 
  i need one for my kerbol landing experiments .
