  they hole themselves up in towers or bodies of like-minded individuals , and advancement of magical understanding is marginally dependent of the `` advancement '' of the vast majority of the populations . 
  can an american download the russsian client to get in on this ? 
  if so , how ? 
  there 's no reason we ca n't keep the colors . 
  it 's still in keeping with the up/down , and it 's sort of a tradition by now . 
  buy it anyway . 
  goty is still very cheap for the time you can get out of it . 
  alt-tab works , but it does crash the game rather often . 
  ## estonia , you 've spent too much time in belarus !, 
  that hat looks quite dashing with the hussar wings . 
  i see you 're having mca problems . 
  if you 're not particularly attached to mca , i 've found [ starfire 's npc additions ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/download-55-13583 ) to be an entirely superior replacement for it , with fewer bugs and a better feel ( more realistic names , for instace ) . 
  i do n't think so . 
  make a backup , just in case . 
  thank you !, 
  can you explain the first point ? 
  how would personal union be re-evaluated ? 
  what would the process be if it were denied ? 
  were there any examples of that happening ? 
  yes , it certainly is allowed . 
  relevant and interesting ? 
  go for it . 
  definitely an activation , constant effect does n't take advantage of the soul 's extra power . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  thanks !, 
  `` i heard them say we 've reached morrowind . 
  i 'm sure they 'll let us go . '', 
  all hail the eradicator of the winged menace !, 
  i first got this event as a duke in iceland , which was very fitting . 
  `` damage health '' is a magic effect . 
  because this is an extremely isolated case , as contrasted with places like mexico . 
  take off the quotes and the brackets . 
  edit : and you need to target it . 
  player -  additem bk_indreledeed 1, 
  is there a download link yet ? 
  sounds right to me . 
  would love il-2 sturmovik . 
  thank you for this !, 
  something interesting ... 
  i have 2 argentinian ( i think ) cavalry lances on my ceiling , and a soviet watch depicting the buran shuttle . 
  deviantart links to the original artist 's pages :, 
  [ redoran ] ( http://lelek1980.deviantart.com/art/redoran-warrior-321133056 ), 
  also , here is one for house [ dagoth ] ( http://lelek1980.deviantart.com/art/dagoth-master-323046809 ) . 
  please use links to the artist 's page when you can ; it helps get them more exposure and recognition . 
  actually , your english was just about perfect . 
  i 've found the tanks to be almost as , if not more so , important . 
  sometimes you just need a dwarf with a big hammer . 
  happy bastille day , then !, 
  best bet is probably one of the 410s . 
  take the bomber spam head-on . 
  it 's pretty easy to get some good rp out of it , too . 
  barely inside of 4 digits !, 
  got it on the 29th of february , too . 
  the current version of the mod plays fine with the current version of the game , last i tried . 
  have you met the conditions to restore the empire ? 
  you must also be christian and have 3000 prestige . 
  you can actually listen to yuri during the flight in [ this movie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rks6ikmrlgg&amp;feature=kp ) made for the 50th anniversary of his flight . 
  it was filmed from the iss as it passed over the track vostok 1 took around the earth . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the game was not released in japanese , and i would be surprised if a mod was made for it . 
  it 's super easy to do , even if you barely understand the cs at all . 
  what is this from ? 
  it did . 
  it doubled the health of the horse it was put on , thus allowing it to take more damage . 
  educate your kids with someone of the desired religion/culture . 
  it 's how i get basque heirs as a norse . 
  when/where was that taken ? 
  thanks !, 
  looks like someone sure goofed there ... 
  the absolute cognatic . 
  it makes landing women much easier . 
  the way i do it is take a basque concubine , get her to like me , and demand a religious conversion . 
  then land her with a temple . 
  i really do wonder how much is a cultural issue with the russian devs and ( mostly , i think ) western playerbase . 
  it might be that russian culture is n't as open about admitting mistakes . 
  silly question : what is an observer game , and how do you run one ? 
  ok , thank you !, 
   sourced when possible, 
  thank you . 
  i think it got marked as spam due to the rate of upvotes . 
  yeah , i never would have heard of it . 
  i may see it , just for kicks . 
  what new policy is this ? 
  thank you for all of your work on this !, 
  do n't mind me , just another magz recommendation . 
  you need morrowind goty anyway . 
  i 'd advise playing it in its original state for a while , then try modding it . 
  [ op is referencing the plane 's seemingly poor fm . 
  then again , the ordinators are among those who probably * are * bench-pressing their weight every day . 
  hell , i 'd put him in a glass box in the meeting room , just for grins . 
  do n't worry too much , you 'll still get your money 's worth . 
  same one , hlaalo manor is ideal . 
  . craft ? 
  tech help thread for this . 
  [ julan ashlander companion ] ( http://forums.bethsoft.com/topic/1487274-relz-julan-ashlander-companion-20-thread-3/ ) . 
  while it is technically impressive , kateri 's real achievement was creating a believable , living companion that i 've grown to care about and simply enjoy having around . 
  julan easily outclasses any companion , or perhaps character , from any other game i 've played , from indies to multimillion dollar aaa games . 
  it 's really astounding . 
  personally , i rank it at least on par with tr and even the code patch on essential mods . 
  hell , if he did lie , it sounds like he 's doing a public service ...
