  i did manage to perform a once-around aerobraking to land , and ended up on a slight incline without breaking anything ( sadly , i forgot to screenshot this part ; you have a pretty picture of the vertical reentry instead ) . 
  i am not fond of the location , to be honest . 
  given the crew of 2 , it would be doable to relocate the crew to any future `` new lleswer '' if one is landed . 
  the attempted recovery of the drone crew also went poorly ; they are now in the drink , awaiting another rescue . 
  bill and bob must be cursed . 
  [ save ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/download/zb5chsicu86z9hp/rsp-m69.zip ), 
  right now , i just started my very first game as the petty king of iceland ( which i understand to effectively be an independent duchy ) . 
  i just received an offer from the king of norway to become his vassal . 
  on the one hand , protection is nice . 
  on the other , he 's very young ( 16 ) and has a -23 regard for me . 
  what is best in this case ? 
  i 've been grinding the german 109 tree pretty much since i started playing a few months ago , and for the most part , i 've loved it . 
  with the g-6 , i 've noticed that the stability and handling have tanked . 
  aiming is like pointing with a wet pool noodle . 
  is there any way to use this plane well , or specific upgrades that help ? 
  i 'm playing as the duke of iceland , and via much politicking and bribery have set up a betrothal between my much younger brother ( heir ) and the princess of scotland ( heir to scotland ) . 
  not matrilenial or anything , it looks like i have a kingdom to inherit . 
  i had a kid . 
  a stinking , male , kid . 
  i could always reload a save a betroth * him * instead , but is there a reasonably easy way to remove him completely ? 
  i just picked up crusader kings a few days ago ( no dlc yet ) and started a game after finishing some tutorials . 
  i started as isleifur , petty king of iceland . 
  independence did n't last long , as i accepted vassalage in the kingdom of norway , mainly to avoid a war that i would certainly lose . 
  isleifur died soon after , barely a year into the game . 
  his son , duke teitur , came to power . 
  teitur set his eyes on long-term reform and expansion of the realm . 
  he invited a capable courtier from the land of the basques to educate his children , planning someday to alter the law of succession to absolute cognatic . 
  while the courtier has long since passed , her basque influence survives , passed down from father to son in some branches of the noble house af haukadalur . 
  he died in 1102 , after less than two weeks shy of 35 years on the throne of iceland . 
  i would be remiss , at this point , not to mention the women of the house . 
  teitur 's wife , sigrid , began a long tradition of spymasters . 
  almost without exception , departed spymasters of iceland have been replaced with the wife or mother of the current duke , and have proven highly capable and loyal , as well as remarkably long-lived . 
  sigrid herself served two years into the reign of her grandson . 
  teitur was followed by his son , skjalg . 
  aside from the capture of the county of connacht , in ireland , his reign was marked with trouble , and shortly before his death , he was imprisoned by king arnmod the accursed , and the duchy seized . 
  two and a half years later , his son , mentzio , successfully petitioned the king for the return of the title of iceland , beginning what is arguably the most glorious rule in the family 's history . 
  the reign of metzio skjalgsson lasted a wonderful 43 years . 
  he brought stability to the realm , making sure that all titles stayed in the house af haukadalur . 
  the middle of his reign was marked by desperate plots to lower the authority of the norwegian king , which had grown dangerously high , to enable the next stage of his master plan . 
  with the support of the other dukes of the kingdom , he did so without bloodshed . 
  his masterstroke was the marriage of his son , isleifur ii , to the younger daughter of the king of scotland . 
  the next decade or so was spent organizing a ruthless streak of assassinations against the older sister , and later , younger son , of the queen-to-be . 
  while the killings resulted in the loss of princess mor 's claim to the kingdom of jerusalem , this was entire acceptable , jerusalem being victim of seemingly endless jihad anyway . 
  in a matter of years , the old king died , and mentzio 's daughter-in-law sat on the scottish throne . 
  a son was soon born of the marriage , and queen mor promptly changed the laws of succession of scotland to gavelkind . 
  the last few years of mentzio 's reign were spent preparing for the rule of his grandson , who will inherit both the duchy of iceland and the kingdom of scotland . 
  his last act was to build a city in austisland , as the family has decided to create a merchant republic in iceland , once the family holds the scottish throne . 
  sadly , mentzio died before the city was completed , and isleifur ii ascended to rule iceland . 
  thanks for reading through this . 
  i 'm totally new to this game , so if you have any advice , i 'm all ears . 
  i know that the ussr wanted all of its republics to be seated , and the us vetoed and counter-requested that all of its states be seated . 
  why did ukraine and belarus get seats instead of any other republics ( like russia ) , and why did the americans not pursue the same thing ? 
  i 'm a fairly new player , about 150 years into my first game . 
  somehow , i managed to get the suomenusko courtier of an orthodox liege to marry a courtier of mine . 
  she 's ... not popular , but oh well . 
  just because * i can , * i 'm having her educate my kid . 
  it 's worth noting that i do n't have any dlc ( old gods being the important one to consider ) . 
  at this point , what happens if my pagan heir takes the throne ? 
  long story short , i 'm soon to be in a position to form the empire of britannia , and i 'm thinking about creating an antipope in order to have the pope as a king-level vassal . 
  i understand how to create the antipapacy itself . 
  my questions :, 
  * what are the exact conditions for ousting the old pope ? 
  do i need to simply force the papacy to surrender , or actually install my antipope as the ruler of rome ? 
  are there any nasty surprises to be prepared for ? 
  * i 'm also thinking about vassalizing some holy orders to give to him as vassals . 
  do i need to worry about him or a later pope becoming too powerful or challenging me ? 
  wat precautions should i take ? 
  * i 've seen some posts here show the papacy become a merchant republic . 
  i do n't expect my pope to do that himself , but could i make this happen somehow ? 
  possibly set up a bishop as leader of my icelandic republic before i install him as pope ? 
  how would this impact his relations with his other vassals ? 
  last post was an hour ago . 
  did we break it ? 
  mine came a few days ago in a rb match vs. the americans ( flying as germany ) . 
  i , a 109g-2 , was chasing an f8f back toward his base , with the usual result of being unable to quite catch up with him . 
  it was fairly clear after a while that he had no ammo , given his refusal of several opportunities to engage . 
  after several minutes of dancing over his aaa , i showed a fuel warning . 
  with 45 seconds left , there was no way i was going to win if our current situation kept up . 
  he could simply wait for me to crash . 
  at that point , i broke off and acted as though i was running away , gliding at treetop level . 
  sure enough , he immediately came in for a landing . 
  when he was committed , i managed to use the last seconds of fuel to clear the trees and strafe him on the runway . 
  3 20mm 's did their thing , and the match was won, 
  share your stories !, 
  i 'd like to hear them . 
  i was pondering this in my `` biology for non-majors '' class yesterday , which should just about explain my prior knowledge . 
  prior to this class , my understanding of rna has more or less been `` dna with only one strand , made with uracil '' . 
  i know that rna can form double strands , which in dna keeps the genome relatively inert chemically , and provides a backup copy , fits with dna , and serves as a similar repository of genetic information . 
  the only answer i 've gotten for why we use dna at all , instead of double-stranded rna , is that rna is inherently less stable . 
  why is that so ? 
  before anyone asks , i did read the mod page and try the command `` player.removefromfaction 0001c9fc '' as it instructs . 
  no luck . 
  i am playing the imperials . 
  the battle for whiterun went just fine , but in riften , neither side registered me as hostile at all , and now in dawnstar and markarth , both do once the battle starts . 
  outside of battles , everything is normal . 
  the recall went smoothly . 
  the four of us materialized in the shattered courtyard of tureynulal , sheltered , temporarily , from the blight winds of the mountain . 
  julan and shani dispatched a straggling racer , and we began the long hike to the rim . 
  [ citadel dagoth , last and mightiest crater citadel of the sixth house , is arrayed before us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jxrhamb.png ) . 
  the lieutenants of the foul lord lie dead , their souls safely ensconced in a macabre collection of gems , awaiting an artful arrangement in our safehouse .
