  a group or fortress was called `` the attic of romance '' once . 
  it was fun . 
  more info on position , please . 
  i will conduct a hunt as soon as possible . 
  northern or southern side , if you know ? 
  this is amazing !, 
  i actually saw john glenn give a presentation last year , and seeing the flight recreated in ksp is extremely cool . 
  well , my response is with the survey , at the end rant . 
  hope you get around to reading that section . 
  good luck with this , game devs are a wonderful breed of human . 
  yeah , pizza varies immensely in quality . 
  i like minimal cheese , thick crust , with pineapple and/or garlic . 
  good stuff . 
  a huge deal is simple mass . 
  the shuttle is huge . 
  it was honestly too big for the jobs it had , due to usaf requirements at the time of its development . 
  the heat shield was n't up to it , the vehicle itself is laden with mass that serves no useful purpose in deep space ( wings , landing gear , etc ) . 
  why have something in a huge cargo bay when you can just dock it to the nose of something much smaller ? 
  aerodynamics do n't exist in space , because there is no drag . 
  tl ; dr : it was too damn big . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  hey , my trash got picked up and the power 's on . 
  we 've got a list , but we have more of the basics . 
  if we do nothing , we 're blamed for not supporting a good side . 
  if we do anything , and another nut invariably ascends to power , it 's our fault . 
  i 'll try to shed some perspective on the voter id thing , though i 'm from texas , so the precise reasons may differ . 
  many eligible voters do n't have a photo id , mostly those of low income . 
  they ca n't afford to drive , so no driver 's license . 
  because they do n't drive , going to a potentially distant state office to get an id card is n't practical . 
  that locks them out of voting under such a system . 
  you mean even without the voter id laws , due to lack of transportation ? 
  voting stations , at least here , are everywhere . 
  schools , libraries , etc. 
  it 's easy to find one within walking distance . 
  ok , some ( potentially flawed ) back of the envelope calculations :, 
  area of a sphere with a diameter of 1 au : 2.8122938 x 10 ^ 23 m ^ 2, 
  area of a circle the size of earth ( earth in profile ) : 1.2751612 x 10 ^ 14 m ^ 2, 
  ( 2.8122938 x 10 ^ 23 m ^ 2 ) / ( 1.2751612 x 10 ^ 14 m ^ 2 ) = 2205441790.42, 
  so the earth occupies ~ 0.000000045 % of the sun 's `` sky '' . 
  i hope that helps . 
  that alignment system was originally popularized with the tabletop roleplaying game [ dungeons & dragons ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dungeons_%26_dragons ) . 
  due to it 's simplicity and utility , it 's been fairly widely used . 
  i do n't know where op got it , but there 's your gaming history lesson . 
  man , just one dirt block and a sapling is all you 'd need . 
  so close ... 
  `` it depends on your definition of ` people ' . 
  and that 's enough of a technicality to keep your lawyers dizzy for centuries . '', 
  worth noting : red lines are the very old release plan , which is no longer in use . 
  the colored boxes show the current schedule . 
  say thanks to mollstam & co. if you get a chance . 
  the work on the backend and webdev is greatly appreciated . 
  natural body hair . 
  that 's probably entirely true . 
  on the other hand , a group that 's put together a decent system and is this open with their customers is deserving of the thanks , regardless of whether this instance really tested the system . 
  the obama administration has publicly blamed what appears to be a large chemical attack in syria on the assad regime , and a cruise missile strike for us destroyers in the area seems almost certain . 
  therefore , russia is telling it 's citizens to get out . 
  of course , if you remove that ice , it might bounce back . 
  not doubting the difficulty of taking out russia ; it 's not happening . 
  that said , look at the ural mountains . 
  most of russia 's infrastructure and economy is west of them . 
  siberia is n't a great place , no matter how big . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_naval_facility_in_tartus ), 
  your `` the hidden king '' totally belongs in an es game . 
  what type of writing do you do ? 
  is there a place we could take a look at it ? 
  good . 
  it 's easily worth it . 
  sounds good . 
  additionally , thanks for the hard work on it all . 
  i love it !, 
  it has sort of a * fallout * vibe to it , as well . 
  strip in the middle of a wasteland , and all that . 
  if anyone does n't want to squint at the picture . 
  you did it right . 
  maybe it 's a bit petty , but i hope soyuz keeps flying until at least 25 october , 2018 . 
  it would be so cool to have a design flying for 50 years . 
  do n't feel bad about it . 
  i know people who move to the us in childhood and still mix up words . 
  our language is the bastard child of the linguistics field . 
  yep , still here . 
  while we 'd love to help you solve this , such posts should be submitted to the tech help thread stickied on the main page . 
  he began using drugs in middle school ( alcohol/weed , mainly ) . 
  progressed to harder stuff at raves , and cut away anyone who would try to talk about it . 
  eventually , early in high school , he nearly died at a rave , and made no effort to clean up . 
  i 've loved him for years , but i 'm starting college this semester after a hard year trying to get there . 
  i 'm not following him down that path , even if it means being cut off . 
  pe ( \u041f \u043f ) is actually derived from the greek letter pi . 
  oh , i already have . 
  or rather , he has . 
  ever since i tried to talk to him about the drugs , he 's cut me off , and i 'm not going to go chase him . 
  nice build !, 
  on the other hand , it would be great if those pics were taken in the day . 
  wiki says they tolerate -4 degrees , so i guess it is . 
  i think so . 
  ashe is my favorite hero to play as . 
  possibly native african populations . 
  honestly , halo split screen with a friend is a great memory of mine . 
  did you know in halo 3 there 's a glitch to let you hijack an anti-air wraith ? 
  i had so much fun with that . 
  i just got my new laptop , a lenovo ideapad y510p , and everything is running like a * dream * , even kerbal space program .
