  the advantage would be that players can now make `` zoos '' out of captured mobs . 
  say , for instance , that i find a charged creeper , and i want to put it on display . 
  this gives me a way , though appropriately difficult , to capture the mob and direct it to a cell , all without the otherwise inevitable result of it despawning when i go far enough away . 
  now that i was in town and had sufficient time , i made the race flair from the images [ here ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/general:wallpapers ) , and combined them with others i had made earlier . 
  some may be subject to change ( for instance , crazy old trebonius will probably be replaced by either skink-in-tree 's - shade or ranis athrys on the mages guild flair ) , so give feedback if you desire . 
  lastly , a huge thank you to / u/pandaeldiablo for linking me to helpful sites enabling me to do this . 
  [ part 1 here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/comments/1535xu/part_1_of_my_morrowind_fanfic_originally_posted/ ), 
  freedom , of course , does not open as quickly as the hatch of the ship . 
  feeling the first rays of sun since black marsh , i blinked several times and looked around . 
  what i saw was not the barren wasteland i expected , but very imposing nonetheless . 
  the land was a swamp , damp and green , teeming with insects , mushrooms , and all manner of small creatures . 
  large trees , many several stories high and clothed in innumerable mosses and vines , formed a twisted mass out of which were hollowed bogs , inlets , trails , and the town itself . 
  the town was very small , with no more than a hundred inhabitants , and had a very peculiar appearance . 
  most of its buildings were built in a rural breton style , with white walls and slanted roofs . 
  a few wooden huts near the water 's edge rounded out the village . 
  the captain stood on deck , still wearing that ridiculous colovian fur hat she had purchased during our supply stop in lilmoth , a port city in the black marsh . 
  a thick yellow cone perched on her head , it would be enough to make any cyrodiil-bound traveller think twice before venturing beyond the lower niben . 
  the redguard first mate beckoned to me . 
  he was a kind man and had made a point of keeping everyone on the ship , even us prisoners , reasonably comfortable during the journey . 
  it showed in his interactions with the sailors ; they were quick to follow his orders , and did so with some degree of skill and enthusiasm . 
  his presence gave me hope that my arrival would be met with something less than abject hostility , and that turned out to be exactly the case . 
  the release process was simple , if bland , with the usual questions concerning the province and month of my birth , race , and professional background . 
  i was given a set of papers and ordered to present them to a `` captain sellus gravius '' in the next building . 
  somewhere between the back of the release office and the door of the captain 's , old habits reasserted themselves and my right hand found itself exploring the contents of a storage barrel leaning against the courtyard wall . 
  it was disappointingly empty , but i did manage to fish out five imperial septims and a cheaply made ring . 
  the courtyard was pleasant , if rather bare , so i sat down for a few minutes to collect myself . 
  the small area 's only tree was old and thin , but decades of rain and moss had rendered it smooth , and it provided a fair place to rest my head as i examined the items in my hands . 
  the ring was ordinary and doubtlessly cheap , but it did have a faint aura of benign energy to it . 
  probably a weak healing spell . 
  i pocketed it , and idly examined one of the coins i had recovered . 
  the septim was tarnished and worn . 
  the symbols of the empire , the head of tiber and the dragon akatosh , were worn almost beyond recognition . 
  not uncommon in the provinces , the defacing of these golden invaders merely served to exemplify the genius of the empire . 
  by holding their value in the gold they were cast of , they became universally accepted in trade everywhere , even in the most fiercely independent of provinces , such as hammerfell , or here in morrowind . 
  they were the only truly universal language in tamriel , and that gave me a strange comfort as i closed my hand around it . 
  after a few minutes , i decided that it would n't do me good to the the captain waiting any longer . 
  of course , neither would walking in with gold rattling in my pockets . 
  i carefully tucked the gold into my clothes , one coin in each pocket and shoe , and one into the seam of my shirt , so as to avoid jingling . 
  the ring was tied onto a loose string on my waist and covered by my shirt . 
  my meager valuables thus hidden , i went to meet the captain . 
  in theory , part 3 should get exovian out of the census office . 
  stay tuned !, 
  i 'm helping isolla retake swadia , at which point i 'll marry her and become king ( main reason i got diplomacy ) . 
  now , i 've noticed that the more castles i get , the more concentrated the attacks are against them . 
  would winning over some swadian lords help much with the defense ? 
  i 've tried to avoid having many vassals simply because i do n't like managing so many , and because i plan to promote a few companions later anyway . 
  can this work ? 
  so apparently i need to stop playing kerbal space program and post the tech help thread . 
  sorry about the delay !, 
  i 've been thinking about pushing out some mods i 've been planning for a while now , and one is a stronghold mod . 
  unlike others i 've seen , i plan to do all three strongholds , and like their growth with each other , so that all have roughly the same things regardless of which path you choose . 
  for instance , if you build a transport to rethan manor , a transport shows up at indarys manor and tel uvirith , too . 
  so , what should they have , and how should they be included ? 
  i 've been playing ashe for a long time , and have basically fallen in love with her ultimate , as well as the ability to both support and hold a lane . 
  this week , i 've been playing varus , to compare them , but have n't got the experience to make a decision . 
  how do they compare overall ? 
  and what are the best tactics/items to get the most out of each ? 
  ok , so i sent a suborbital rocket up to `` test '' the re-entry effects ( you know you did too ) and upon coming back into the atmosphere at 3km/s , the ship simply turned pink . 
  no particle effects , no plasma cone , nothing . 
  just a solid pink capsule . 
  any idea on what could be the issue ? 
  this is / r/morrowind , not / r/tf2 . 
  please keep all posts and discussions related to the game or lore , not hats or teams . 
  basically , i just want to find the part of the css that adds today 's joke and remove it . 
  as noted , we have a title now . 
  i have a backlog of these to release , so expect one every day or so . 
  [ part 2 here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/comments/17m43s/morrowind_story_part_2/ ) . 
  captain gravius stood behind his desk and looked up as soon as i entered . 
  i took a quick look around his office . 
  there was a noticeable haze of candle smoke in the air coming from a silver piece on the captain 's desk . 
  the rest of the room was dull , decorated with a few semi-valuable items the captain had taken some care to arrange . 
  unlike in the release office , there were no books , and the captain hardly seemed like an intellectual sort . 
  his tone when he spoke seemed to confirm this . 
  he did not sound stupid , merely like someone who had been promoted slightly beyond his realm of comfort . 
  gesturing me to a chair across the desk from his own , he took my release papers and began to explain my situation . 
  `` well , bosmer ... '' he looked down at the papers . 
  `` excuse me , exovian , we just received word that you are here on some sort of assignment . '' he looked at me , clearly hoping i knew something more that he about this , but i was equally mystified . 
  disappointed , he continued . 
  `` your release fee has been set at eighty-seven septims , to cover basics and transportation . 
  your orders are to travel to the town of balmora and deliver this - '', 
  he reached down into his desk and produced a tied parcel . 
  `` - coded message to a man named caius cosades . 
  if you need help finding him , ask around a cornerclub known as the south wall . 
  however , i would advise against lingering too long . 
  the clients can be trouble , i 've heard . '', 
  `` let me get this straight , '' i said . 
  you want me to take your money , go to a shady area of a town i 've never been to , meet a man i know nothing about , and deliver a package that i do n't know what is ? 
  why should i do this , especially for a reason that has yet to be explained to me ? '', 
  the captain looked almost sadly at me before he responded . 
  `` you certainly make a bad pawn , bosmer , and gods willing , that trait will take your far . 
  but , '' he indicated the release forms , `` some powerful people were involved in getting you these . 
  very powerful people . 
  keep your head down until you know more , for good health 's sake if nothing else . '', 
  the words made some sense , however infuriating they were . 
  `` fine . 
  i will play the empire 's game . 
  now , what is the best way to get to balmora ? '', 
  turning to a more mundane subject , the captain seemed far more at ease . 
  now relaxed , he leaned forward and answered .
