  if this seems to become a problem , let us know . 
  i 'm leaning toward the reddit system going loopy for a bit . 
  i barely know any german ( learning grammar is a pain ) , but what little i do know kind of ruined it . 
  i just turned off the sound . 
  for me , once i 've become good at a plane , that 's true . 
  not to mention more enjoyable . 
  it 's not the best performing , but the he-111 is the best looking bomber of the game , in my opinion . 
  the most common recommendation would be to play without mods , and then mod what you want to change . 
  i tend to agree with this . 
  the code patch and morrowind patch project may be exceptions , given that they fix issues with the base game . 
  possibly visitation rights , if the one with cancer becomes mentally unable to allow her partner in to see her . 
  `` the brief argued that if the state listed quasney as unmarried it would interfere with sandler 's ability to take care of her partner 's affairs after her death , and to access the safety net generally available to a surviving spouse and the children of the person who has died . '', 
  seems that 's the concern in this case . 
  excellent as always . 
  with the exception of the lunacy involving the direction indicator in rb , i 'm looking forward to this update . 
  shame gaijin still wo n't give the me-262 a more reasonable br though . 
  probably good . 
  the vanilla bodies are n't much to miss . 
  ^ and ^ suran ^ will ^ be ^ much ^ more ^ interesting , 
  if anyone wants to see what gagarin saw on his flight , the movie [ first orbit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rks6ikmrlgg&amp;list=pl884c9a689d5c8353 ) has the view from the iss as it passes over his flightpath , with the original audio of gagarin talking to sergei korolyov and other ground controllers during the flight ( with english subtitles ) . 
  it 's truly amazing . 
  this is a very welcome development !, 
  it 's nice to see real progress in the communication area . 
  please do n't . 
  i ca n't know who you are , or your situation , such is the distance of the internet . 
  but i remember when i first started being active in / r/morrowind more than 2 years ago , you were one of the first people who i interacted with , and i 've always noticed you being one of the best regulars we have . 
  it was noticed when you disappeared for a few months a while ago , believe me . 
  it 's certainly a cheesy tribute , but your namesake is on the telvanni flair for a reason . 
  i know these are the words of a stranger from who-knows how far away , but please reconsider this . 
  please pm me if you need to talk or even vent . 
  i may have no answers , but i have two open ears . 
  must the augmentations be mechanical , or can they be biological implants ? 
  this is the [ gossamail message bug ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nqsheg4.png ) . 
  originally , the bug was a large carnivorous fly hailing from the moon of the gas giant quarn . 
  it 's small size , wings , and habit of living in colonies made it the perfect predator in it 's jungle environment . 
  over several million years , the native shaebil of the moon rose to sentience , and developed a culture that prospered in large part due to carefree genetic experiments on the other species . 
  for centuries , quarn 's powerful magnetic field had hindered the shaebil 's attempts to introduce widespread radio and digital communication to the population . 
  the bugs were modified by the upper class to carry letters and gifts on their backs , protected from the constant rain by a large parasol . 
  they were trained to only present their left side upon landing , which had been extensively altered to be more aesthetically pleasing to the more delicate members of society . 
  the bugs are know to resent this treatment bitterly , and stories of unhinged message bugs are the stuff of urban legends on the moon . 
  i may actually pay ge to get the 174 . 
  i 've been very happy with the new attempts at communication by the devs . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  my primary plane is the 109 g-2 , and i quite like it . 
  the f series got a bit nerfed lately , though . 
  my tips :, 
  - do n't be afraid to turn a little ( unless you 're over 700km/h , then be careful ) . 
  high loops can get you behind careless opponents . 
  - ace the plane , and get the wing-mounted cannons . 
  you 're right about maneuverability not being your greatest asset ; the cannons really do n't hurt enough to matter , and they triple your firepower . 
  this plane does often get smaller firing windows , and you need to shred what you have in front of you . 
  - stay with a buddy . 
  german p-47s are usually abundant and make good partners , if you follow them around sometimes . 
  it 's tricky . 
  i can outclimb most opponents , save british typhoons and several russian planes . 
  when an enemy dives on you , it 's important to try to turn to face them , at least in the horizontal plane . 
  at that point , let them overshoot and force them to bleed off momentum . 
  funny , i have the opposite opinion . 
  i ca n't stand the 190s handling , from what little i 've flown of it . 
  ok , thank you . 
  i 'll do some tests . 
  i think the problem with the nazi swastika is that it is actually illegal to use in much of europe . 
  they 'd encounter problems trying to make money off of a large part of the user base . 
  visuals , use mgso . 
  journal , no clue , may be unmoddable . 
  your save should be fine , but backups are always smart . 
   i have the goty edition with bloodmoon and mournhold expansions if that makes any difference . 
  it means you have any basic mod prerequisite you should ever need . 
  they do exactly what they say on the label . 
  use them . 
  do they have . esp files you need to activate in the launcher ? 
  question 8 : `` did you know generally african americans serve 58.7 months for drug related crimes where whites serve 61.7 months for violent crimes . '', 
  is meaningless . 
  black/drug crime vs. white/violent crime is not a useful comparison , because you have changed both facts , leaving nothing to compare . 
  what do whites get for drug crimes ? 
  what do blacks get for violent crimes ? 
  it does get rather repetitive when every t3 german team can cout on having at * least * 1 p-47 on it . 
  the interesting stuff starts at 6:30 , if you want to skip . 
  i just do n't see why every nation has to be fighting in top-tier matches . 
  take germany : i 'm fine facing end-war props and early jets in an me-262 . 
  if i wanted to duke it out with mig-15s , i would n't play as a nation that got geopolitically drawn and quartered in 1945 . 
  this raid is documented in great detail in the book `` thirty seconds over tokyo '' , if anyone wants to read about it . 
  yes , i forgot about that when posting . 
  speyer has been on my bucket list for some time precisely to go see this . 
   i also collect soul gems with unique souls , pictured is a bunch of dagoth souls , but also creatures like rollie , big blue , or yagrum will get soul trapped as well . 
  does any one else do this ? 
  yes . 
  working on getting most of the dagoths together . 
  well , even then , not really . 
  they 're more competitive with early postwar jets , but they 're still going to be outmatched by korean fighters . 
  guys , enough with the basalt columns !, 
  they 're cool , but really overused ... 
   this also begs the question , why did n't china become an empire ? 
  did it not ? 
  i feel like most people would look at china 's historical and current borders , power , and influence and reasonably call it an empire . 
  i feel that the p-63 is at least understandable , as the soviets were the primary user . 
  that said , the a-10 spacecobra is surprisingly overused , given how limited it ( in theory ) was . 
  yeah . 
  i use it , so i ca n't complain . 
  great bomber-hunter .
