  we 're actually not . 
  esa sent the rosetta probe to a comet which spends the majority of its orbit beyond mars . 
  at least you 're a meme now . 
  going by the date , i 'd say one of the cold war mods . 
  i like them , mostly because it allows me to take single provinces rather than states . 
  sometimes i just want to take soccotra and zanzibar without all of aden and a bit of mainland africa . 
  did this in my fylkirate run , definitely a great spot !, 
  [ not entirely . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/succession_to_the_throne_act,_2013#judicial_review ), 
  nearly finished a run as the danubian federation , and have n't upgraded/organized my army in 20 years . 
  i have a life and a job , i do n't have time for that . 
  now that you say that , this may be the first time i 've heard of poor ui design encouraging historically accurate gameplay . 
  fairly certain that it does n't , given that the lateran treaties provide for italy to host diplomatic missions to the holy see . 
  probably the `` il risorgimento '' event . 
  is it really uncommon to check hair ? 
  the few occasions i 've had to be in a lab , that was one of the first rules . 
  nitpick : it 's based on openmw , so it does n't use the morrowind engine . 
  just ordered one !, 
  thanks for the link . 
  what game did you get the pictures of the me-262 prototypes from ? 
  the burj khalifa is still the tallest building in the world . 
  the religion actually was called norse until the 2.2 patch . 
  cardinal henry briefly reigned as king of portugal , from 1578 to 1580 . 
  interestingly , he tried to resign his clerical positions upon inheriting the throne in order to marry and produce an heir , but this was denied by the pope . 
  that would be great , even something as simple as having the canton of a flag match the colonizer 's flag would be good . 
  if i wrested a colony from britain before releasing it , what the hell 's the union jack doing there ? 
  your girlfriend is right . 
  having and raising a kid is a choice , and the notion that she can charge you for raising you is laughable . 
  i 'd honestly love to the the cops ' reaction if she indeed calls them . 
  certainly , there are times when it makes sense to pay your parents for things . 
  i 'm 21 , working , and still live with mine , and i pay enough rent to cover the costs of my living there ( utilities , food , etc ) and my share of gas and car insurance . 
  the difference is that that 's three adults coming to a voluntary agreement on sharing living space and ongoing costs . 
  no one is using anyone else as a piggy bank . 
  you 're not in that situation . 
  you left , are not using her resources , and certainly are not responsible for funding her current lifestyle . 
  she 's furious that she 'll have to get an apartment ? 
  i understand the reluctance to move out of a place you 've lived for a long time , but give me a break . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with an apartment , and the idea that someone 's too good for them is just asinine . 
   but i want to have a shelter for me and my fiancee to live under more than i care about paying for my divorced mother 's house . 
  good for you !, 
  lastly , is your mother working ? 
  if not , that should be where she starts . 
  50 is n't too old for a job . 
  a few years ago , i picked up `` building up uvirith 's grave '' and have been a diehard telvanni player ever since . 
  are there mods out there that do similar things for the other two strongholds ? 
  they must be compatible with buug and acheron 's camping gear . 
  that 's my day . 
  little brother can fuss over his graphics and `` radiant story '' all he wants . 
  malarkey , i say !, 
  i 'll be saving vvardenfell and robbing orvas dren blind . 
  again . 
  seriously though , when i do play skyrim , i 'm debating whether to use my bosmer archer build that 's been with me since seyda neen , or play a dunmer spellsword . 
  opinions ? 
  i 've been looking awhile now for a mate for my bosmer archer-thief . 
  i have yet to find a suitable female khajiit , and would like to know where one is . 
  i am planning to `` liberate '' the ministry of truth an turn it into my own base . 
  i have a few questions as to the viability of some of my plans :, 
  if i cast command and levitate on npcs , will they follow me up to the ministry ? 
  i am patriarch of the temple ; should i bother clearing out any interior npcs ? 
  if so , who should be left alive for quest purposes ? 
  thanks . 
  here is what i want to know :, 
  it is my understanding that the end is one island , and if you go beyond it , there is nothing . 
  is this correct ? 
  if i get grass/mycelium in the end , will passive mobs spawn ? 
  is the coding of the end based enough off the nether that nether warts will grow ? 
  is any other activity ( farming , fluid behavior , etc. ), 
  influenced by the end ? 
  who is your favorite arrow supplier ? 
  i buy glass arrows from the armorer in ebonheart , but if anyone has any other favorite merchants , i 'd like to hear . 
  i 've been looking for some lore-friendly mods to enhance my morrowind experience and this seemed to fit the bill . 
  two questions : are the released components of the mod playable ( meaning , more than landmasses , quests , etc ) , and if so , can i have links ( all the links i find say `` this is outdated '' or similar ) . 
  thanks . 
  edit : got it , love it . 
  thanks , / r/morrowind !, 
  not even sure if this goes here , but oh well ... 
  one of my side projects recently has been to make a mod that brings morrowind 's artifact enchantments more in line with the other games . 
  while this has not been very difficult in most cases , i am encountering a problem with mehrunes ' razor . 
  i have no clue how to write a script to give the weapon a ( x ) % chance of instantly killing an opponent . 
  any help , or links to it , is appreciated . 
  i know this is nitpicky , but i think that the daedric text next to the alien should read `` reddit '' , not `` morrowind '' , seeing as it links to the reddit homepage . 
  i am an acolyte in the temple , and have done all quest possible until the rank of curate . 
  my problem is that none of the quest givers have the `` advancement '' topic available anymore . 
  might this be caused by doing some quests out of order ? 
  are there any console commands to fix this ? 
  ( addtopic does n't work ) . 
  are there any mods that allow the creation of a spell to teleport npcs ? 
  it 's a pain to cast command every minute and a half to lead someone across vvardenfell . 
  in 1.0.0 , mojang removed the ability to use the silk touch enchantment on ice blocks . 
  is the a mod that re-adds this , and if not , can someone make one ? 
  today i decided that i wanted some services in the base i ~ ~ obtained ~ ~ ruthlessly took over in vivec . 
  naturally , this involved going to caldera , using my beast tongue power on creeper , and dragging the little guy all the way to vivec . 
  we make it to pelagiad before the spell wore off , and i rested for 24 hours . 
  the sob vanished . 
  i checked ghorak manor . 
  i checked assarnatamat . 
  no cigar . 
  does anyone have any idea what happened ? 
  my brother and i have been playing star wars : the old republic a lot lately , and been playing it on my dad 's laptop , which heats up really quickly . 
  to alleviate this , we stick it in the freezer for ~ 5 minutes at a time between turns .
