  thank you . 
  currently , i 'm working on an interplanetary space station . 
  a while ago , i was a noob who did n't know what a gravity turn was . 
  you 'll learn fast . 
  heck if i know . 
  my archer generally does n't prance around in the nude ... and i 'm not near my game computer to check . 
  no mod objection from this corner . 
  may you walk on warm sands , traveler !, 
  sneaky archer , but make liberal use of conjuration and alteration ( for levitation ) and use the recalls and interventions as a primary form of travel . 
  you 're a dunmer who was kicked out of the arcane university in cyrodiil for stealing an highly enchanted arrow . 
  you keep the trapped souls of any unique enemies as trophies and have developed an intense fascination with the daedric princes and their artifacts of power . 
  chaotic neutral , but with a very guarded good side to those you trust , which number very few . 
  do n't see why not . 
  it can be a magic arrow of your choosing , except an ebony arrow of slaying . 
  khajiit do . 
  the deployed parachute in the middle * is * the frame of reference . 
  we probably ca n't . 
  wow . 
  trust the modders to deliver this holiday season !, 
  we will not have discussions of piracy on here . 
  marked as spam , do not repost . 
  a beautiful shot . 
  glad to see work continues !, 
  scifi ( star wars ) : the [ thrawn trilogy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thrawn_trilogy ) is a cut above most other scifi . 
  it is very well done , and takes a very ... utilitarian ... viewpoint to a fantastic setting . 
  it 's fairly easy to pick up even if not a star wars fan . 
  out of curiosity , that fortress you refer to in your last sentence is n't [ kogoruhn ] ( / spoiler ) is it ? 
  got it , 
  thank you !, 
  spaceport 's still down . 
  i 'd watch . 
  why yes . 
  we can . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/differences_between_morrowind,_oblivion,_and_skyrim ) is a good place to start . 
  probably the hardest thing to get used to will be combat . 
  your chance to hit is based on skill , and missing at low levels is very common . 
  also , enemies do not scale with your level , so getting creamed by mudcrabs is normal . 
  this was spectacular . 
  very well done . 
  flood entire bunker with seawater to increase the rate of decomposition , * then * seal it off . 
  this has the added benefit of allowing you to spot breaches via leaks . 
  your username sounds german . 
  you do ** not ** sound german . 
  that was a bit of shock . 
  nice video , though . 
  oh , i know . 
  it 's just a subconscious expectation that got spectacularly shattered . 
  we will not have discussions of piracy on here . 
  marked as spam , do not repost . 
  yeah . 
  tutorials , if i recall . 
  i 'm assuming the seawater carries creatures and microbes that speed decomposition , in addition to the added benefits of spotting leaks . 
  mainly for ease of access . 
  avid morrowind player here : yes , no quest markers . 
  quest givers give ( sometimes ) detailed instructions for how to get there . 
  tons of stuff you have to find on your own . 
  morrowind dealt with this by having skill requirements to advance in rank . 
  want to lead the mages guild ? 
  one of your magic skills have to be at least 90 , i think . 
  yes , this was done in morrowind . 
  the station is landing ? 
  collector 's edition !, 
  yeah , i got that a few months ago . 
  perfect condition , and it is awesome . 
  op , this gets you dev cheats . 
  it was probably a joke meant for those who could see it . 
  and that 's the mark of a truly fantastic build - looks great , even without the fluff . 
  looks like you could have made a respectable fueling base out of that . 
  why de-orbit ? 
  have any examples of these mini-quests ? 
  the grass in a mushroom biome is just a special shade of green !, 
  will do , as soon as i find the camera !, 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't want to have kids , but that type of decision seems a very uniquely personal one . 
  and not every procedure can be reversed . 
  sometimes , decisions about a kid just are n't the parents ' to make . 
  make sure there 's some place that 's brighter and quieter than the rest . 
  i love bowling , and the skill involved , but i do n't like * going to a bowling alley * because the combination of people , noise , and dim light give me some bad panic attacks . 
  just my two bits there . 
  that 's cool !, 
  a lot of places i 've been seem to use darkness and multicolored flashing lights to mask a dirty establishment , and it makes it very disorienting and unpleasant . 
  it seems your going in a very different direction , which is awesome . 
  where is this place of yours , anyway ? 
  can we have a picture on default textures without the shaders , for comparison ? 
  do n't worry . 
  it gets a lot easier . 
  what limits , if any , do you have on what you will put on flags ? 
  will you make anything , or if i tried to order , say , a north korean or nazi flag , would you put your foot down ? 
  has this ever been an issue before ? 
  he turn out ok ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i only play on my brother 's ps3 , so i 'm not up to date on mods . 
  most time 's spent on morrowind , anyway . 
  i live in texas . 
  i 'm a vegetarian , so i ca n't judge the barbeque that well . 
  how did that turn out ? 
  more generally southern . 
  yes , they are delicious . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  my [ dres transfer vehicle ] ( http://imgur.com/a/64mtt ) has 5 entirely full red tanks , all docked together in orbit .
