  no complaints there , looks distinctive , dignified , everything a flag should look like . 
  it does recall the stars and bars , which i 'm not fond of . 
  i think people are overstating the resemblance to puerto rico , especially with the pentagon you went with . 
  i guess my problem with it is that it does n't really feel like austin that much . 
  i 've kind of thought about a flag of austin incorporating some green , maybe more blue . 
  the flag looks great for the `` capital of texas '' , less so for austin , if that makes any sense . 
  `` susan thoroughly beats the living crap out of mike '', 
  you 're not the only one . 
  how is the arado as a fighter ? 
  i have to say , i 'm not pleased with the fact that they seem to really be trying to limit the growth of theocracies . 
  makes my pagan restoration games harder . 
  it had a slower top speed , too ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  ideally , what i think should be done , is to document every scrap of information about it , and build a fully functional replica , with instructions on doing so in the future . 
  that way , we can preserve the original , and have flyable examples as well . 
  same for religion heads . 
  ^ fylkirate ^ please ... 
  damn . 
  nice job ... 
  not sure how inviting people to your court has anything to do with how many provinces a vassal has ... 
  nice to hear of this !, 
  stickied !, 
  i think it works really well . 
  hell 's inhabitants can being annoyingly flippant with killing people sometimes ... 
  edit : is there a reason abby 's ( is that still her name ? ), 
  `` i `` s are n't capitalized ? 
  have you not revealed her new name , or have i missed something ? 
  ... well , yeah ... 
  you know `` reich '' is just the word for realm ? 
  reminds me of what happened when someone ran a test to see if the jool system in ksp was actually stable with realistic gravity . 
  it was n't . 
  wish we could go from tribal to nomadic . 
  make my norse game really fun . 
  possibly a political marriage to ulfric himself . 
  i wo n't argue with that , but you have to think about it from his point of view : it keeps her out of the picture as a potential claimant , and if she had any children , they 're ulfric 's , giving them legitimacy from both sides . 
  ok , what we need is for / u/silent _ sky to make a fist with these as the knuckles ... 
  whenever i play as the norse pagans , i try to have vassal kings reform all the other pagan religions , so i can have their high priest as a vassal . 
  just give a vassal king of that religion the religion 's holy sites . 
  they 'll do it themselves , and the high priest of their church will be their vassal . 
  read and find out !, 
  definitely make part two . 
  and your english is perfect , i could never tell by reading that you 're not a native speaker . 
  avp buys a game worth up to $ 30 . 
  then gets a code , which is emailed to you , which you redeem via steam . 
  no , most states only require that one party consent to the recording of a phone call . 
  depending on local laws , he might be able to record on his own property or in public without breaking any laws . 
  ah , fair point . 
  and ca 's been pretty harsh with that in the past . 
  have you checked morrowind modding history ? 
  mind easing up on the posting rate ? 
  the mod looks great , but 5 posts in the past week , with the one before this still on the front page , is starting to feel a hair spam-y . 
   i 'm not quite sure if people enjoy this type of aar . 
  i enjoy this type of aar !, 
  it would take a fair more that going a little overboard with posting updates to earn a ban . 
  to give you some perspective , we 've banned fewer than a dozen people * in our entire history . 
  * i 'm discounting an alt account , a useless bot , and two bots trying to sell kitchenware . 
  beats me . 
  i think a few sites were having problems with similar bots at the time , and two just happened to post here . 
  seduction -  bastards -  legitimize the good one . 
  fair enough . 
  look carefully , it 's on your flair !, 
  where did you get that ? 
  does anyone have a good translation of the article ? 
  you animal . 
  no , you would get a game-over . 
  worse , you ca n't even create the duchy if it 's destroyed . 
   - no longer inactivates titular titles that should be creatable ( caliphates , duchy of visby , etc. ), 
  hell yes !, 
  it 's what gotland 's called now . 
  i think the main issue is that you basically posted a story more than a question . 
  asking something like `` what if pagan faiths remained dominant in europe ? '', 
  is a perfectly good question . 
  however , your main post should probably just be limited to the question and , if needed , a basic background ( why christianity did n't take over ) if you really want to specify that . 
  it 's ok to post your own response to that question , but you should do so as a separate comment . 
  [ this post of mine on our old sub ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20140726163412/http://www.reddit.com/r/historicalwhatif/comments/1xtfrn/russia_never_sells_alaska_and_manages_to_hold_it ) is what i would consider the limit of what you should put in the post itself . 
  ok , i just looked through some title histories , and i have to ask : is there a story behind agrippine the maid , who was both the pope and abbess-general ? 
  wonderful , as always !, 
  only one of you can reform the religion , but both of you can be of the reformed faith . 
  probably because most english speakers know exactly what the german reich refers to . 
  '' \u0421\u043e\u044e\u0301\u0437 '' is not widely known . 
  my favorite path to take . 
  fun as hell , if a bit tricky . 
  i believe the english you heard was a translation for those of us who do n't speak russian . 
  i disagree . 
  even games which offered homes , like skyrim/oblivion , had tons of house mods . 
  now that 's just adorable . 
  how does that work ? 
  which model 109 are you flying ? 
  excellent choices ; the g-2 is my favorite plane in the game . 
  i ca n't say much more that what has already been said , save that in my experience , it 's better to not carry gunpods once you 're comfortable with your aim . 
  leaving them off definitely helps with flight performance . 
  where are that sub 's rules ? 
  i never could find anything banning us . 
  i 'm also 19 , also remember 9/11 . 
  ckan is amazing . 
  thank you for continuing work on it !, 
  and i thought i was doing good with the collector 's edition . 
  true . 
  i 'd never sell , though . 
  ~ ~ is there something preventing karibou from showing up on ckan , or is that an issue on my end ? ~ ~,
