  done with my search of the body , i took the key and unlocked the door . 
  then i stepped back , laid another arrow on the bowstring , and prodded the door open with my foot . 
  when no further sounds came from the other side , i continued . 
  the next area was narrow and contained a rough stairway going in two directions , up to the left , and down to the right . 
  both ended in a similar gate . 
  the left would go near the surface , and as there was no second entrance i had heard of , it would probably be a dead end , so i decided to check that area first . 
  climbing up the stairway , i came across a sight that would become hatefully familiar in my travels in morrowind . 
  behind the wooden gate sat three khajiit , barely clothed and quite scrawny . 
  they were slaves , probably captured by the bandits for sale to a passing ship . 
  in the treaty that admitted morrowind to the empire , the province was allowed an extraordinary degree of self-rule , including the retention of this barbaric practice . 
  how the emperor slept at night , i 'll never know . 
  one of the cat-men saw me and rose to his feet . 
  he sniffed , and relaxed a bit . 
  `` that one is not one of the captors , '' he said with the strangely alluring half-growl that characterized khajiiti speech . 
  as i unlocked the door , he approached me and held up his right wrist , showing a bracer with a slight magical shimmer . 
  `` these bracers are enchanted to make it very difficult to escape . 
  if you can unlock them , these ones will be in your debt . '', 
  i held up the key i had taken from the woman 's body . 
  `` this might work . 
  let me try . '', 
  as i unlocked his bracer , a dark-skinned woman , a redguard , stepped out of the shadows . 
  my hand reached for my sword , but then as she came into the light , i saw that she was no bandit . 
  she was dressed in ragged clothes similar to the ones i had worn on the prison ship , and had a bracer identical to those of the khajiit . 
  `` you are here to get rid of these bandits , i take it ? '' she said . 
  `` yes . 
  did you come for a similar purpose ? '', 
  `` i did . 
  i must have made too much noise , because that bandit you just killed heard me coming . 
  she hid behind that boat , and knocked me out with an oar when i passed . '', 
  i winced . 
  a blow like that would have been very painful . 
  `` you could leave when i finish unlocking the bracers . 
  the path out is clear . '' but she shook her head . 
  `` not until these bandits are dead . 
  finish them , and i 'll go . 
  what 's your name , by the way ? 
  mine 's jasmine . '', 
  `` exovian , '' i replied . 
  i finished freeing the last khajiit , and turned to unlock jasmine 's bracer . 
  `` there 's a dagger by the woman in the first room , if you need a weapon . '', 
  maybe i 'll be able to help if things get too bad . '', 
  with that , i tread slowly down the stairs toward the next room . 
  behind me , i heard the khajiit making a beeline for the door . 
  the key i had picked up worked on this door as well , and i put another arrow on the string as the lock clicked open and i prepared to hunt the remaining bandits . 
  [ part 7 here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtamriel/comments/1e65gk/morrowind_fanfic_from_the_shadow_of_the_dragon/ ) . 
  the next room was fairly open . 
  on the left side was a platform with several crates and a dunmer man in a plain robe , without any apparent weapon . 
  i swallowed nervously ; he looked like a mage . 
  and even if he was n't powerful , magic would let him attack me while at a distance , neutralizing my own advantage with the bow . 
  i flattened myself against the wall . 
  not the best position for shooting , but manageable . 
  i drew back the arrow , calmed my nerves , and released . 
  at that moment , everything went wrong . 
  whether by instinct or some small noise i had made , the man turned to look at my position . 
  the arrow , which had previously been aligned with his heart , tore into his left shoulder , leaving him shocked and numb , but very alive and very angry . 
  `` we have an intruder ! '' as he said this , he drew his good right arm back and sent a spell flying at me . 
  i dove across the tunnel , but i was slow enough that the spell brushed against the side of my leg . 
  the spell burned like fire where it hit my leg . 
  i staggered into the cave wall , barely managing to retain my footing . 
  leaning against the wall for support , i sent another arrow flying at the wizard . 
  like most mages , he seemed to rely on his arcane skills rather than a good set of armor for protection . 
  the arrow pierced his simple robe as if it were a sheet of paper and lodged deep in his midsection . 
  the bandit collapsed in a bloody heap . 
  it was at this point that a second dunmer woman , presumably the mulvisie that the wizard had called to , rounded the corner into the chamber . 
  seeing me , and then looking her dead companion , she shrieked and sent a small object spinning past my head . 
  i caught a glimpse of it is it flew , and recognized it as a throwing star . 
  by themselves , they could n't usually kill easily , but they were good for causing injuries and distractions , and i was not in a good way as it was . 
  i turned and awkwardly scrambled back up the stairs . 
  i needed to find a place to hide and take a better shot at this woman . 
  if i engaged her with my sword in my current state , there was a good chance she could best me , and the freedom i sought was alive and kicking , not in the afterlife in aetherius . 
  i had made it more than halfway up the stairs when the woman caught up to me . 
  in her hands was a crude but very sharp chitin dagger . 
  i drew the sword and held it up as i backed up the stairs . 
  as long as the blade was extended , she could n't get closer without risking her own life . 
  but , sooner or later , she would back me against a wall , and my luck could well be out . 
  after a few more paces , the inevitable happened . 
  i felt cold stone against my back , and the woman redoubled her attempts to break through my defense . 
  she lunged left and right , both times meeting the point of my blade . 
  it was slowly turning into a stalemate until she dove under the sword . 
  she came up inside of my guard , and thrust the dagger at my throat . 
  i only barely managed to grab her wrist , but she had the advantage of leverage . 
  the point slipped closer and closer and her face twisted into a vicious grin . 
  and froze . 
  glinting underneath her sternum was the point of another blade , this one made of dull iron . 
  still wearing the same expression , a faint gasp of shock spilled from her lips . 
  then the life drained from her body as jasmine withdrew the blade and shoved the corpse aside . 
  after a few deep breaths , the adrenaline from the fight fled my system completely , and i staggered against the wall . 
  jasmine caught my shoulders and help me sit down slowly . 
  `` be careful , '' she said . 
  i looked around and saw that the cave was empty aside from us . 
  `` will the khajiit be safe ? '' i asked . 
  `` yes , i think so , '' jasmine replied . 
  `` they said they knew people in the imperial port of ebonheart who could help them escape morrowind . 
  it 's almost a day 's walk from here , but they can probably cover the distance by morning . 
  they certainly have the motivation . '' as she spoke , she began piling sacks into two small piles . 
  `` we may as well sleep here tonight . 
  after that ... '' she paused . 
  `` no , that can wait until morning . 
  let 's get some rest . '', 
  i almost collapsed onto one of the piles , and after another glance around , closed my eyes .
