  if you do n't mind speculative answers , the tamriel rebuilt mod for morrowind has been recreating the mainland , with a heavy focus on lore . 
  that could give you some ideas . 
  the article makes it sound like they both did . 
  is this map hand done , or made with image editing software ? 
  if the later , does it have a heightmap you 're working off of ? 
  can someone explain to me why knocking out a bomber pilot does n't have the same result as knocking out a fighter pilot ( i.e. 
  kill ) ? 
  and it would have been great . 
  off the wall recollection , but i seem to remember the smallest mass of bomb-grade uranium needed to go critical is something on the order of baseball-sized . 
  no , i was actually answering regarding the physical size ; the other meaning sort of flew over my head . 
  yes , it would be accurate to say that a nuke would be a very big deal . 
  how do you see that possibly happening ? 
  obviously some doctrinal differences would have to be resolved . 
  what issues could you see each church compromising on ? 
  please repost this in the latest thread . 
  just read it . 
  it is absolutely amazing . 
  that 's not actually true . 
  it is possible in the morrowind engine to prevent a creature from being soul-trapped , and indeed it was done with dagoth ur ( simply setting the `` soul '' value to 0 means that the game wo n't even try to put it in anything , even a petty gem ) . 
  the fact that he does have a soul , and an extremely powerful one , indicates to me , at least , the being able to trap his soul was something entirely intended to be possible , not an unfortunate quirk of game mechanics . 
  actually , the ship in morrowind disappears . 
  nice flight . 
  looking forward to the next one !, 
  if no one applies , i can also do mission 56 after i wrap up 55 . 
  there 's always next time !, 
  i 'm on a bit of a morrowind binge anyway . 
  elvis . 
  listened to some of his songs with my mother , because we share very similar musical tastes . 
  my god , the man sounded like an arrogant s ` wit . 
   apologies for the tr spam, 
  this is n't spam , it 's awesome . 
  thanks for the news !, 
  it makes sense . 
  does n't mean it does n't suck for everyone involved . 
  i 'll just be nabbing that save file ... nice flight !, 
  edit : it seems rsp has 8 ^ 2 vessels of all types up !, 
  go big . 
  only thing might be to land in an area away from other ships due to high part counts causing lag . 
  could this could be used to create a system similar to the dxun/onderon system from star wars , where the atmospheres periodically brush against each other ? 
   each day we will issue two special missions . 
  what are these special missions and how do you play them ? 
  how do you do those ? 
  forgive my ignorance , but i 've only ever done the normal matches . 
  it has content for all levels . 
  you could in theory go there right off the boat and be fine . 
  well , it would be helpful to know what you are already familiar with , but i suppose the most pertinent bit of information is the way weapon hits are done . 
  if you attack , an internal dice-roll type calculation is done , factoring in your weapon skills , fatigue , and luck , if i recall . 
  the way to maximize hits is to use weapons that you have higher skills with and focus only on one or two types . 
  also , conserve your fatigue . 
  it really does make a difference . 
  a little trick for that : if you use almsivi intervention at wolverine hall , it takes you to ranyon-ruhn , on the mainland . 
  using divine intervention at ranyon-ruhn takes you back to wolverine hall . 
  that 's amazing !, 
  also , i swear i recognize you from somewhere ... 
  i 'm down for a 59/60 combo . 
  also , combined format is great . 
  is there a tool you used to make the shape of the horns ? 
  to be clear : the laythe mission is a return mission ? 
  holy cow ... peterbitt started openmw modding with a bang . 
  what 's with everyone using the wrong flag ? 
  do we need a config edit to fix that ? 
  anyway , great flight ; i love the base design !, 
  perhaps a short `` flagpsa.txt '' + the image could also be put in future save folders . 
  not a fluent german speaker at all , but i 'll give it a shot . 
  [ you 're sort of right , but not . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/names_of_germany#names_from_diutisc ) `` deutschland '' would translate from modern german as simply `` german land '' . 
  `` peoples ' land '' would be something like `` volksland '' . 
  that presents it 's own issues . 
  this is just anecdotal evidence from speaking with my girlfriend , who speaks nearly flawless english , but imperfect grammar or understanding can lead to major headaches . 
  that last is actually very nice . 
  this is truly amazing . 
  excellent work !, 
  depending on how planetary alignments work out , i could work a rescue into my laythe mission , since i 'm on that end of the solar system anyway . 
   its not even in the same league as nk, 
  that is exactly what op seemed to be stating . 
  a handful of defilers could * be * an entire invasion force . 
  as you wish . 
  i 'm up for 64 . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  i love the station !, 
  only thing to note is that shielded and standard-sized ports are actually the same , the only difference being ... well , the shield . 
  they are totally compatible . 
  please post to the tech help thread ; you will likely get a better response there . 
  plugging the name into that mapmaker , do you know why the number of adolfs seems to be drastically lower in the former east germany than in the west ? 
  it can take awhile . 
  i was playing with arwa one time , and the sultan did n't want to give up . 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  such as , what do n't you need that it adds ? 
  it was interesting . 
  i liked the mission , despite the issues . 
  ok , thank you . 
  that helps . 
  yeah , it was n't incredibly easy . 
  loved the video !, 
  you do a really good job showcasing the aircraft . 
  man , i really need to look at this mod program . 
  what does your flair mean , by the way ? 
  what is there a list of the current mods ? 
  i 'd like to see what i 'd be getting into . 
  thanks !,
