  i 'll think about it . 
  do we have any others in favor of sixth house ? 
  what would you suggest ? 
  one of the mods ( mumberthrax or darkonion ) needs to add it to the subreddit . 
  until someone bugs them about it , no flair . 
  i 'd do it myself , but it 's a tad bit arrogant to blow my own horn like that . 
  bravo , sir . 
  one a more base note , fuck those nazi elves . 
  or so you think . 
  i love that map . 
  i love that map . 
  clarification : * for any given male form , * a daedric prince 's dick size is inversely proportional to the size of the daedric prince . 
  this . 
  * and they all get put in boxes , little boxes all the same *, 
   who else did n't kill him because he was too much of a bamf ? 
  no , on both counts . 
  that , and for landing . 
  on top of each of the three first stage groupings is an sas and 3 rcs engines to help to ones on the nose . 
  oh , and struts . 
  lots and lots of struts . 
   but it 's probably pretty hard to beat the game as a pure stealth character, 
  stealthy bosmer here to dispute this . 
  once you get the hang of the archery mechanics , this is a very rewarding playstyle . 
  i 'll also add that argonians have a few magical skill bonuses , if you are so inclined . 
  i have no idea why my oceans are green . 
  thank you !, 
  i do love the feeling . 
  so much ... 
  thanks for the info on the shaders . 
  i 've never cared much , but it 's nice to know . 
  as for why i have no last decoupler : weight . 
  i 'm going to try adding one , and i 'll see how it goes , but the rocket 's already heavy enough . 
  sure . 
  just kill the people there . 
  noted . 
  nice to have a use for the daedric cresent ... 
  seconding the 36 sermons . 
  i believe you are sourcing `` the affairs of wizards '' for that ? 
  cool . 
  reminds me of the old soviet salyut/almaz stations . 
  what mods ? 
  thank you for this . 
  how do you go about escaping the atmosphere ? 
  i 've always burned straight up until ~ 70,000 m , then turned and burned 90 degrees ( horizontal ) until the perikerb is above 70,000 m. 
  surely there is a more efficient way ? 
  thank you !, 
  wow , i have been inefficient ... 
  put them in minecarts and make a lot of track . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i 'll start with morrowind . 
  in morrowind , magic was not `` balanced '' , there were more exploits , and you could be very overpowered very easily ( making things like this [ speedrun ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_ffapdyki4 ) possible . 
  that , and easier dungeon railroading , in levitation 's case , is why as time goes on bethesda tries to nerf magic more and more . 
  my understanding is that for crime purposes ( stealing , pickpocketing ) , you actually have to be `` sneaking '' as for as the game is concerned . 
  chameleon is a supplement for sneaking , not quite a total replacement . 
  `` blood moon '' is the name given to the first full moon after harvest moon . 
  sounds good . 
  . craft please ? 
  this looks good . 
  during the development of the mun runner iv , i did similar things with the lander and the return capsule . 
  it really helped . 
  i like . 
  out of curiosity , has anyone found a skeleton dungeon near the island ? 
  thanks !, 
  am i the only one who got a dwemer vibe off of that ? 
  use lava currents to move the pigmen to a killing machine , taking the place of water in a normal grinder . 
  the killing machine is simply a trap where you kill them manually . 
  no , they do n't take fall damage . 
  thanks for the test . 
  civilization = thieves . 
  thieves = thieves guild . 
  it 's doing just fine . 
  because `` wider audience '' . 
  especially morrowind . 
  this . 
  i know people might contradict me a lot , but my advice would be to install one mod at a time , and playtest every mod before adding another one . 
  make frequent backups . 
  have fun . 
  it 's not . 
  i 'm not the only one !, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:chrysamere ) might work ; it 's a claymore artifact from the base game . 
  to note , it is two-handed , meaning no shields . 
  it is powerful , however . 
  [ mentioned by notch ] ( http://twitter.com/#!/notch/statuses/174849242999955456 ) !, 
  1 person in the game with full daedric . 
  * burn ... *, 
  thanks , but i 'm trying to do a legit playthrough . 
  i could just use the console to subtract the cost from myself though ... 
  upvote for your name . 
  if all else fails , open the console , click asciene rane , and type :, 
  addtopic `` transport to mournhold '', 
  you should be good from there . 
  i know . 
  i have a stack of books in tel uvirith that i read when i 'm tired of questing for the day . 
  this might be the only game i read random stories in ; it makes the world feel more alive . 
  uesp is your best resource for the time being . 
  did he get the original copy of saryoni 's sermons ? 
  t'is . 
  now try landing . 
  challenge accepted . 
  so roughly 27.84 times greater .
