  i 'm going to pretend i understood a bit of that . 
  sunder weighs 40 , so 25 of them would do it . 
  i 'd scavenged some money from the warehouse in seyda neen , and decided to see the sights . 
  i took a strider to vivec , and then island-hopped up azura 's coast . 
  i 'd purchased some chitin armor and weapons from arrille , so i was n't totally unarmed . 
  my tour took me to tel vos , where i walked into a tower , and a fight between a guard , a summoned bonewalker , and a daedra . 
  did not go well . 
  ... is that allowed ? 
  i do n't think bethesda allows redistribution of assets in published mods . 
  this is infuriatingly awesome . 
  `` it looks so done , release ? '', 
  `` nope , have another feature . '', 
  thanks , by the way , i really appreciate this . 
  your son looks awesome . 
  [ this mod ] ( http://planetelderscrolls.gamespy.com/view.php?view=mods.detail&amp;id=5685 ) may help you , though in a different way . 
  it 'll be a while , but it should be good . 
  it 's more like the oblivion guild quests than the others . 
  it should involve a bit more thought than the vanilla guild jobs . 
  a . schematic file is a . schematic file . 
  universal . 
  i think i love you . 
  well , now i 'm the one needing help . 
  anyway , my problem is related to the construction set : i ca n't access . nif files from the expansions . 
  i can load bloodmoon and tribunal content just fine , but i ca n't edit a creature or item to use their files . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks , i 'll try that tomorrow . 
  only res users have that button . 
   so is the beast tongue , until you want to move creeper to your house . 
  ftfy, 
  i guess a screenshot by each one . 
  you can loot anything . 
  * income * must come from racer plumes and scales . 
  i 've done a wiki check , and it looks like as long is i do n't mess with the elder scroll , i should be ok . and part of the joy in games for me is getting into places i should n't , so it 's all good . 
  stealth archer . 
  imperials . 
  i see it as the best chance against the thalmor later on , and i ca n't stand ulfric 's racial policies . 
  matches most of my time so far . 
  i have managed to clear out the silent city , only barely managed to kill a falmer gloomlurker ( ? ), 
  by fus-ing it off a ledge . 
  tons of loot in various places though . 
  thanks for the advice , too . 
  dren plantation . 
  slaves to free ? 
  a wall to shoot from with impunity ? '', 
  i was a happy bosmer . 
  once you get some coin set up , sirollus saccus in ebonheart has a restocking supply of glass arrows , which can be very nice . 
  please restrict tech help to this thread instead of your own . 
  this is to make it easier to locate help as well as prevent cluttering of the main page . 
  that said , do you remember which npc you caught the disease from ? 
  nice roleplaying , i like it !, 
  it ends at the end of friday . 
  to be fair , mods should not be considered cannon . 
  it 's possible the mod maker was biased . 
  also , bandits will disguise themselves as imperials to demand tribute . 
  imperials never do that . 
  yes . 
  command creature on creeper , leading him to wherever you want . 
  boats and striders do n't work , but guild guides do . 
  yes . 
  very much yes . 
  dagoth is not much better in the end . 
  almalexia is a homicidal , insecure basketcase underneath her facade . 
  sotha sil gave his humanity up for knowledge , but was not inherently evil . 
  nerevar needed better friends . 
  which is itself writing the cool part off . 
  love that guy . 
  fun ? 
  try scary as hell . 
  ok , forgive the ignorance , but what is amaranth ? 
  i believe you meant \u263c docking \u263c, 
  original post edited . 
  we 've said we love you . 
  right , nova ? 
  that 's a riekling riding a tusked bristleback . 
  i assure you , you 'll be a lot less enthusiastic when they swarm you every time you take a walk . 
  to a point . 
  keening reference ? 
  patronizing as hell . 
  it is established that the dunmer fled to solstheim , and if bethesda can do it well , then they should . 
  that said , i will keep a very critical eye on this . 
  i 'm not liking that they 've changed solstheim as much as they did . 
  i 'd better be seeing the same natural landmarks . 
  there had better be some skaal and thirsk residents , and i want to see some interracial politics going on . 
  and god help them if the dunmer do n't sound like chain-smokers . 
  so no , it 's not patronizing , but the potential is certainly there . 
  sweet kynareth , balmora is overgrown . 
  please be aware that austin and texas are two very different things . 
  normal texas conditions need not apply . 
  ok , point . 
  does the land cut off in a line going roughly south of tel branora ? 
  it does indeed . 
  happy to help . 
  this is very good . 
  i wish i could write this well . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll be sure to save this ; it 's some of the best writing i 've read in a long while . 
  i 'm not expert , but i think the danger from a grenade is shrapnel . 
  those bumps on the surface ? 
  they go flying like bullets , and throwing it up in the air would give the possibility of that shrapnel hurting or killing one of the kids . 
  this guy obviously wanted to take no chances .
