  oh , plenty of us still read your stuff . 
  i for one eagerly await the rewrite and the sequel . 
  the three badges with the helmet pierced by two blades are [ wound badges ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wound_badge ) . 
  the name anton reitterer , in the cases on the right , appears to be a ( jeweler ? 
  ) , which produced austrian medals , all of which i have found to be postwar . 
  unfortunately , my german is crap , so that 's about all i was able to find on that regard . 
  do you know if your great-grandfather served any time in the postwar austrian military ? 
  it might help . 
  you may be an adult , but you do n't have to be a grown-up . 
  the whole game description reads like an onion article . 
  i live in texas . 
  i 'll criticize a sunny day all summer . 
  to participants in the upcoming xayah/yahkem `` deabate '' :, 
  keep it civil . 
  this may be a sensitive issue and may bring up strong emotions . 
  there are certainly reasons to both include and exclude the letters , and we welcome discussion , but please do n't fly off the handle . 
  yeah , it 's at once poking a bit of fun at it , but entirely serious , too . 
  it 's just an alphabet . 
  not really that hard . 
  as to why ? 
  it 's fun . 
  how does one do that ? 
  unless it 's changed since last patch , the game first creates merchant dynasties for your republic by elevating adult unlanded males in your court , then going to random generation . 
  if you got 4 adult males of the desired religion in your court , then got rid of any others , you could form the republic and get what you want . 
  is scarper 's job to keep his shoulders fused to gaijin 's ass ? 
  is elite : dangerous worth the $ 60 in your opinion ? 
  i may be looking to jump ship soon . 
  it 's fine to post them as you put them up . 
  we 've never had it become spam , so no rules about them . 
   assuming they fixed japan, 
  they did n't . 
  [ replay file ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/download/jqyy03nq4gqcw48/%232014.12.17+19.28.24.wrpl#2014.12.17_19.28.24.wrpl ), 
  how this patch even made it to dev servers , i do not know . 
  thank you for the reply . 
  cliff racers . 
  ok , i ca n't find something : do i need hl2 , or just the source engine to play this ? 
  ok , have you ever considered actually setting up a gaming forum ? 
  go ahead and post a download link for the . esp . 
  i ca n't promise to look at it until after christmas , but it 's possible someone here has the time . 
  you too !, 
  morrowind goty ( includes both expansions ) is currently on sale on steam for 40 % off ( $ 12 ) . 
  that 's by far your best bet for getting it , and you 'll definitely run in to mods that require it . 
  it 's possible to skip to the end . 
  what mod for the kerbal appearances ? 
  have to say , i like abby . 
  it works , somehow . 
  sounds great !, 
  might make having a jool base possible , in combination with karbonite and kas . 
  losing $ 5 beats losing $ 10 . 
  scale that up a bit . 
  translation :, 
  moon and star , hortator ,, 
  azura 's great champion ,, 
  god-denial , devil-death ,, 
  great leader nerevar, 
  moon and star , hortator ,, 
  azura 's great champion ,, 
  god-denial , devil-death ,, 
  we pray for your, 
  triumphant soul 's return ,, 
  planning on posting my own thread , but i 'll jump on this one ( hey , free dancers ) :, 
  thank you all , yet again , for consistently being awesome this past year . 
  i loved just about every minute of it , and love that you 've just about put us moderators out of a job . 
  just to throw a statistic at you , there were 5 bans over the year , two of which were spambots , the other 3 of which were last week . 
  nothing else , all of 2014 . 
  that 's really , really awesome . 
  depends on the body . 
  they can also pay very well . 
  [ pretty good chunk of morrowind 's , too . 
  ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:demographics ), 
  most are probably under-skar . 
  that 's your cue to leave . 
  always has , always will . 
  ground rule of every playthrough . 
  ^ ^ also ^ ^ loot, 
  i always aid the twin lamps . 
  this is directly related to # 1 . 
  beyond that , i usually stay outside the main factions until the main quest , after which i go about enforcing my own brand of morality on the houses . 
  usually , this is accompanied by wiping out the morag tong , to start pulling out the bloody rug from under the dunmer establishment . 
  i believe sex ed was brought up earlier in here . 
  if your parents have been avoiding the subject , you need to learn that . 
  regardless of religious beliefs , learning how your body works , how others work , and how birth control/protection works is going to help you immensely , especially with relationships . 
  knowing the mechanics behind pregnancy , why she wants more space at certain times of the month , etc. . . 
  it 's good to know , even if you do n't plan to be having sex . 
  you could try modding something like that in . 
  you 'd basically just need ways to get materials , some of which are in the game , and script a menu that used your armorer skill instead of smithing . 
  thanks for saving this . 
  easily a classic from the old sub . 
  it 's does n't make no sense . 
  at the time many families from that part of the world came over , southeast asia had huge political instability and incredibly violent conditions . 
  trying to raise your kids in a foreign country is a long way better than the constant threat of having them raped , abducted , or killed . 
  even now , the `` west '' is still the place to go to make money and succeed . 
  here 's a trick for the mun :, 
  get into orbit at 70-100km . 
  wait until the mun peeking over the horizon , and burn until your apoapsis is at the mun 's orbit . 
  i think i will crosspost , given that it 's relevant to both . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  wow ... to put that in perspective , your year 's _ rent _ at that rate is almost exactly the average annual income in the us . 
  that 's probably not sustainable . 
  at all .
