  i think they 're all good games that invoke similar experiences and styles , even if radically differently . 
  assuming you 're serious ... story ? 
  that sounds oddly fascinating . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i watched a documentary about the disaster last night , and mikhail gorbachev actually said that the first information about the real scale of things came from the swedes . 
  that must have been a nervous time . 
  guess putin 's inadvertently doing us a favor with this whole `` tank the russian economy '' idea . 
  you know there are dunmer women , too ? 
  nothing stopping you . 
  no , i was specifically thinking of the leader of the varangian guard and the eucemenical patriarch . 
  they 're duke and king level vassals , but with no land . 
  and approved . 
  thank you . 
  [ illuminated order ] ( http://mw.modhistory.com/download-53-6954 ) is extremely cool . 
  you ... going to give us a link to anything ? 
  rmp is the reddit mod program , that is , our modded save . 
  rsp is stock . 
  that 's exactly what u/ucorruptdead does n't want . 
  skywind is morrowind 's world with skyrim 's gameplay . 
  only gripe is that my list of subscribed subreddits is removed from the top , which is one reason i never use res . 
  ok , that drop-down menu does n't show up at all , for me : http://i.imgur.com/ek29ixs.png, 
  you should be able to get around some of it , at least . 
  if that does n't work , you can probably escape some of the forced negative greetings via the tried and true vvardenfell custom of initiating all conversations while wearing your birthday suit . 
  still gone . 
  firefox 28.0 / windows 8, 
  lenovo ideapad laptop . 
  ok , here 's an oddity : in both ie and firefox , it shows up if i am not logged in . 
  if i log in , it disappears . 
  ok , with the extensions disabled , same as before ; it 's only there if i 'm logged out . 
  depends on the server . 
  i 've played on some that have no such mod . 
  it does look great . 
  i 'm partial to glass myself , but indoril armor is so indicative of the culture of morrowind that it really stands out . 
  no , sorry . 
  nice try , quebec . 
  thanks for posting . 
  if those six months go by and you can publish your thesis yourself , would you mind posting a link to it here ? 
  even if it is in polish , i 'm sure some people would be able read it and enjoy seeing it . 
  indeed , 9 . 
  why is that ? 
  it 's not easy to make anything approximating that , no . 
  you tell me that it looks hideous and did n't come out right , and i go and delete the text from the flair settings . 
  sorry about that , be fixed in a second ... 
  edit : your flair is resisting the power of mod tools . 
  try selecting new flair and then changing back . 
  edit 2 : whatever happened , looks good now . 
  that 's a good idea . 
  your english is quite good . 
  if you want a few corrections :, 
  - * critically * hit , not `` critical hit '' in the case you used it in . 
  i 'm not sure how to explain the grammatical construction that causes that , but it is . 
  - `` i '' ( `` jeg '' in norwegian , i think ) is always capitalized . 
  - it should be `` attempt * a * landing '' . 
  `` cyrodiil '' is also a term for the imperial race , predating the formation of the empire . 
  generally archaic by the time of the games , but still occasionally used . 
  no , they 're actually all there . 
  no , i mean the in-game lore would have it as archaic . 
  but you would still say `` critically hit '' if you received a critical hit . 
  true , but i 'm going for grammar , here . 
  probably in refusal to recognize the empire , and use the least political descriptor available . 
  or vvardenfell is enough of a backwater that it just stuck . 
  none , really . 
  indoril : white and blue-green ( think mournhold buildings ) , and maybe some bluish grey . 
  dres : white and brown ( think salt flats and dreariness ) . 
  hlaalu : yellow . 
  redoran : red/orange . 
  telvanni : brown and a bit of green . 
  dagoth : blight red . 
  thank you !, 
  local workers or not , at least in the us and canada , they would have to follow the same minimum wage laws as anyone else . 
  do you mean [ this robe ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/file:mw-npc-danso_indules.jpg ) or something else ? 
  threads like this go in the weekly tech help thread . 
  yeah , i see now . 
  to clarify , they go * only * there . 
  that 's to keep the front page less cluttered . 
  new tech help thread is fresh off the rack . 
  repost this there , please . 
  looks good !, 
  the creatively named `` recovery craft '' is an amphibious biplane i made for a reddit space program mission some months ago . 
  the handling is very forgiving , and the performance is fantastic , with the plane easily able to weave between the buildings at ksc . 
  takeoff speed is around 20 m/s . 
  to fly properly , move the pilot from the lander-can to the middle external seat . 
  water landings should be made at a very shallow angle , but the plane has no problem keeping course . 
  come in at under 80m/s to avoid breaking the girder floats . 
  for taking off from water , gun the engine and nose down until the plane is horizontal . 
  once you reach 25m/s , pitch up lightly until the plane clears the water . 
  [ craft file ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/view/b7opo7s0uwd583u/recovery_craft.craft ), 
  edit : should note , it is completely stock . 
  my great grandfather met kaiser wilhelm ii while in the german army , was discharged from the army in the year before wwi , and moved to the us a few months before it started . 
  no , it 's not coming back - and that 's good . 
  the shuttle was a terribly inefficient system for what it did . 
  the design was altered to have unneeded capabilities to launch certain military satellites , but after the challenger disaster , the military went back to using standard rockets because the shuttle was far too unsafe . 
  that brings us to the second point : the shuttle was very dangerous . 
  the thermal tiles especially were incredible vulnerable to destruction or being dislodged during takeoff . 
  little did he know , sherler kerman 's accidental trip to morrowind was about to end after a wrong turn at ghostgate . 
  suit yourself , _ i _ think it should be a secret clubhouse . 
  actually , no , mods responding to everyone is fine . 
  that 's fine . 
  we just need a secret password , ramshackle cardboard box walls , and ghost stories . 
  anyone who can manipulate the `` inspect element '' tool or the reddit preferences page , anyway .
