  no , we should totally be here . 
  we could invite all our friends !, 
  tech help thread for this . 
  for everyone here to comment on the reliability of russian rockets , here 's some background information :, 
  - the rocket that failed today was a progress-m variant of the proton rocket . 
  this variant has been flying since 2001 . 
  the proton is used exclusively for satellite launches . 
  - the soyuz rockets that launch crew and supplies to the iss have a much better safety record , with the only failure with the launch of either a soyuz ( crew ) or progress ( cargo ) spacecraft in the last ten years led to the loss of a progress . 
  it varies immensely . 
  i know some 1st generation immigrants who simply refer to themselves as `` americans '' in some situations . 
  i just removed the original thread for you , as per the rules . 
  can you post the details of the spells effects , please ? 
  ok , to start with , try, 
  player -  removeitem bound_mace 1, 
  and see if that helps . 
  my brother bought an xbox and a bunch of used games off a friend of his , morrowind being one of them . 
  probably some time in 2009 , so i 'd have been around 13 or so . 
  sure enough , i got hooked , and got the goty edition for pc in order to run tamriel rebuilt . 
  i 'm about to post the new tech help thread for the coming week . 
  make sure you repost this there for people to see . 
  glad to help . 
  [ the rear guard ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:the_rear_guard ) . 
  your english is great , no problems there . 
  strongly in favor of option 2 . 
  i love exploring alpha content , but for my main save , i really prefer to only use the finished stuff , and experience the new stuff as it 's completed and ready to go . 
  german player here : i suggest avoiding the p-47 . 
  this is just a one sided observation , but my thoughts upon seeing one coming at me is usually along the lines of `` ooh , tasty . '', 
  still working on it . 
  i just got out of classes , and had a rather major family emergency crop up . 
  should be sending messages out over the next few days . 
  tech help thread . 
  my appologies , late-night posting can get needlessly terse . 
  stickied on the top of the main page is a weekly tech help thread , where people are supposed to put questions like this one . 
  what mod are you using for the cockpit ? 
  ( near as i can tell , \u00e5nger means regret in swedish . ), 
  i kind of imagine it as the condensed tears of sea spirits , perhaps for some mistake in the past . 
  other variants could use the words for other emotions , if that 's suitable . 
  i think it 's good for two reasons : one , it gives a sense of background depth to the game without actually changing anything substantive or being at all restrictive . 
  that 's appealing to people like me who like to imagine lore or mythology . 
  secondly , using words from various languages in-game is a great way to emphasize how minecraft can bring people together from all over the world ; i know i 've played with people from several continents . 
  yeah , somehow , despite having some great planes , american players seem to have by far the highest percentage of nutcases . 
  i gave up . 
  i 'm using the 109 g-2 to grind out everything . 
   and i blew his ass up with 3x 20mms . 
  the sweet music of t3 germany . 
  agreed , the g-2 is hands-down my favorite plane to fly . 
  that 's really awesome . 
  might want to put some padding in , to prevent poking/chafing . 
  it sounds amazing !, 
  i find your work cropping up in more than one interesting project ( stomping land comes to mind ) , and i think that 's a good thing . 
   implemented ranged combat, 
   implemented sneaking skill icon, 
   implemented crime and punishment, 
  looks like that 's the important stuff all done !, 
  bosmer , actually . 
  the old man never in his wildest nightmares dreamed that he would pass into eternal rest here , on one of the most remote , rain-battered islands in the north sea . 
  when he was but a boy in rome , rumors had reached christendom that a warlord of the yarrow clan had subjugated his neighbors in the frozen land of norway . 
  over the next few months , the rumors grew until it was known that \u00deaelin yarrow had seized the crowns of norway and neighboring svi\u00fejod . 
  ten years later , on his wedding day , he returned home to far more troubling news . 
  \u00deaelin yarrow had subjugated the last of the petty jarls of denmark , and upon capturing the norse holy place in the center of the kingdom , declared a reformation of the norse religion , with himself as * fylkir , * a sort of norse caliph . 
  the now-fylkir then crowned himself emperor of scandinavia , and sent a shudder of fear throughout northern europe . 
  the next few decades were much quieter for the man . 
  he raised his family in the safe walls of rome , and attained a minor position in the administration of the holy father . 
  the news from the north was quiet , with the only real change being the arrival of merchants from the newly formed republic of iceland bearing goods from scandinavia and the lands of the rus . 
  little did the people of rome know that they were about to suffer the full wrath of clan yarrow 's grand plan . 
  in the waning years of fylkir \u00deaelin 's life , the pope had sent an overly ambitious priest to minister to the norsemen . 
  instead of executing him , the fylkir had taken a chance and allowed him to tutor his oldest son , \u00deorfinn . 
  \u00deorfinn looked for all the world like the savior of chistendom , poised to strike at the suomenusko and slavic pagans dominating russia and poland . 
  by now , the man , johan , had become an advisor to the camerlengo on matters of diplomacy . 
  this was dull work , mostly consisting of directing and receiving letters and reports . 
  on june 23 , 920 , however , he received the most shocking missive ever to cross his desk . 
  \u00deorfinn had inherited the empire , with the pagan title fylkir passing to his heathen younger brother , gae\u00f0ir . 
  what shocked him , however , was that upon inheriting the throne , he had immediately appointed his former tutor , mark , as prince-bishop of faereyar , and declared him rightful pope of the catholic church !, 
  the war was hard on johan . 
  it was hardly even a war , so much as an endless seige of the eternal city of rome . 
  norse axemen , many not even converted to the true faith , had camped along the tiber and starved out the defenses . 
  on christmas day , 922 , they took the city and forced the holy father 's abdication . 
  mark was then crowned pope lando i of the catholic church , and confirmed his loyalty as \u00deorfinn 's vassal . 
  johan continued his service , albeit with some concern . 
  it was faithless gae\u00f0ir who put the final nail in the coffin of the papacy as a major power , and in johan 's comfortable life in rome . 
  \u00deorfinn had failed to convert * any * of his fellow norsemen , and his vassals forced his abdication barely a month after the fall of rome , leaving the unrepentant pagan gae\u00f0ir to take the scandinavian empire . 
  johan woke up in january to a tearful camerlengo informing him that the fylkir had revoked pope lando 's holdings in rome , and forced him to relocate to his remote bishophric in faereyar . 
  johan could n't believe his ears . 
  to move now , at his age , was unthinkable . 
  on the way , word reached him that the former emperor \u00deorfinn had quietly reverted to his old pagan ways . 
  the terrible truth was revealed . 
  the sacking of rome and the exile of the pope to a remote northern land , under fealty to a pagan liege was a plan dating back to \u00deaelin 's will , to humiliate christendom and forever tame the eager `` holy warriors '' from the south . 
  now , the pope himself was little more than a hard-won jewel in a norse crown . 
  johan finished his walk . 
  his wife was waiting inside , cooking a modest dinner . 
  across the hall was a small shrine to freya , johan and his family having turned their backs years ago on the god who had failed to protect them . 
  whatever happened to that story about neanderthal-ish people on mars ? 
  your best work , in my opinion . 
  wow , i 've never heard of that book , but it seems i need a copy . 
  it * is * eerily similar . 
  thanks for all you 've written , and for the inspiration you 've provided . 
  docking with an asteroid without docking is certainly weird , yes . 
  presumably , that paper currency had some backing commodity . 
  if not , do any extant documents mention prices for any items purchased ? 
   soyuz is still going strong after 40 years , i imagine dragon v2 could do the same .
