  glad i did n't spend a bunch of money getting the 174 now . 
  congratulations , though , i imagine it 's going to feel pretty good taking it out in a few months . 
  1/4 of an * inch ? 
  * oh hell yes . 
  quarter-inch steel is incredibly heavy in relatively small sizes . 
  that difference over an area like a bomber ? 
  you 're easily talking thousands of pounds . 
  also , flair up . 
  amen to that . 
  my great hope for the custom content system is that it will allow players to try tweaks to fms and try to fix this . 
  but the players should n't have to fix a job that just seems lazy on the devs ' part . 
  anyone have pics of this ? 
  i was n't there ; it sounds great . 
  i 'm assuming they did n't add an extra quarter inch of steel on the skin , either . 
  that 's true . 
  i wonder if someone could go so far as to set up custom server software , but that might shatter the tos ... 
  not a whole lot going on , but my german professor got me hooked on some of nena 's music , so i 've been listening to [ `` irgendwie , irgendwo , irgendwann '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3yaovkni38 ) and [ `` liebe ist '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lohcpzkeqmu ) far more than is possibly healthy . 
  i have to agree . 
  individually , i like a lot of them , even in groups sometimes . 
  but there are way too many . 
  ok , it 's the third row from the bottom , third from right . 
  i am so thankful you 're doing well . 
  and i 'm scared as heck myself ; i 'm a month shy of 18 and motivation for anything is so hard to find sometimes . 
  i 'll certainly think of you when dealing with it . 
  * if you have pity , mourn the loss , but let the weeping cease . 
  * your blight 's abated , the victor 's peace gilds the mind . 
  * hail savior , mortal , falible , and triumphant . 
  * friends known and unknown , near and far , look you to you . 
  * example imperfect , sentience 's beauty . 
  * enemies and evils abound , yet indomitable heart might sooth our ills . 
  * for you , our thanks and blessings ; our appreciation given . 
  * come , think with us , and embrace what comes . 
  byzantium seems to be a perpetual rat 's nest of revolt . 
  hey , some of us try to do good . 
  yes , that is exactly it . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i fly a bf-109 g-2 , and the thing feels better than my plane . 
  i 've tried that , but it never seems to recognize it . 
  not really . 
  my motivation to get the 262 increased immensely after playing the siege of bagstogne mission . 
  any particular reason you 're only posting a few of these to tfts these days ? 
  hopefully stealable holiest-shit-i-ever-saw , too ... 
  yeah , i know it 's mostly a pain , and some , like the caliphate , i would n't touch with a ten foot pole . 
  a good bit of this is just a big test of what the game will let me get away with , which i find makes for fun games . 
  [ mission download ] ( http://live.warthunder.com/post/2510/ ) - not my work ; do n't thank me . 
  obviously , no weapons or landing gear . 
  handling is generally fairly good , with a bit of drunken fish mixed in while trying to perform sharp turns . 
  wingtip smoke obviously works . 
  top speed is 800km/h , wings will break off a bit beyond that . 
  for some reason , you can supposedly activate combat flaps , and get warnings to retract them if you go too fast , but they have no model , no effect that i can see , and ca n't be ripped off before the wing breaks off . 
  rammed another v-1 . 
  collision works , my wing went black from a glancing hit . 
  no , not that i can tell , sadly . 
  no cockpit view . 
  might it have been thickness ? 
  a quick search indicates that the sixpence was about a millimeter thick , which could combine with imperfect casting to create a comparatively flimsy coin . 
  nice job !, 
  [ original link on the artist 's page . 
  ] ( http://www.deviantart.com/art/two-generals-336848567 ), 
  everyone , please make your best effort to link to the original creator 's page for artwork . 
  they deserve the credit . 
  well , if you make two portals , one in each realm , that exactly match the expected coordinates of the other , they will always match . 
   guilty and stupid, 
  yes , no question there . 
   and deserves punishment, 
  yes , he knew what he was getting into , but i do n't think anyone `` deserves '' imprisonment in a gulag for proselytizing , however ill-considered . 
  i do n't mean that he acted legally . 
  according to the law in place in north korea , which is the only law he was subject to , he goes to jail . 
  i am saying that the north korean law itself is unjust , and thus , the punishment is not right or deserved , even if it is prescribed by law . 
  donner keeps this record up , he 's going to have too many green gals dangling from his arms to fit in the capsule . 
  eh , once you get redstone at all , you tend to get way too much . 
  bf-109 g-2 with the 20mm gunpods . 
  i love the thing ; it actually turns well and if you can hit something , you usually kill it . 
  soyuz has been upgraded many times since the 60 's . 
  a soyuz now and a soyuz from that time are very , very different . 
  as you may know , the mod is unavailable due to the use of copyrighted material . 
  generally , we discourage distributing such material here , and i am removing this post . 
  i will also bring this up with the other mods , and if we decide to allow you to repost it , i will pm you . 
  yes , alchemy and enchanting are ( in ? 
  ) famously broken in morrowind . 
  enjoy !, 
  burn . 
  honestly , that 's hard . 
  expensive as heck for a mediocre product , as far as i can tell . 
  here are some games i 've liked , that i personally think capture some of what i love about morrowind . 
  not all may look like it , though . 
  it 's in alpha , it 's buggy , etc. 
  it 's also very good , and has a good record of the dev actually making progress and adding good stuff . 
  it 's very unique , and entirely sandbox and open-ended . 
  any story is the story you make , and it 's well worth it . 
  find some gameplay videos or a description ; i 'm not sure how to sum it up . 
  - the kotor series . 
  i include ftp tor in this as well , for all its flaws . 
  solid rpgs , great setting , etc. 
  i like both of the original games ; they 're quite cheap on steam , if i recall . 
  - oddball mention , but a good minecraft server . 
  granted , the customization is directly in the world interaction , but working with others , or even on your own , can definitely invoke a form of roleplaying and wonder . 
  - crusader kings is not an rpg , but i feel it deserves mention because of the combined openness and complexity of it . 
  worth looking at , but make sure to get it on sale . 
  ultimately , none of these are morrowind , and they 're not perfect matches .
