  i 'm in a bit of a rush to finish in time for the [ starship challenge ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/14tpve/announcement_supermegauber_weeklyish_the_starship/ ) . 
  and much higher heat tolerance . 
  and this is why some of us do n't use orbiter . 
  you 're right . 
  but that level of detail , while excellent , just is n't what some of us are looking for . 
  we love you too . 
  while we 've got you here , do you actually play ksp ? 
  seems to me your engines blew out a tad before 15km ... 
  good job !, 
  i only really play halo at friends houses , and i 've never played halo 2 much . 
  but the fact that you loved this creation and played it and kept it alive until the bleeding end is amazing . 
  you must have made some folks at bungie incredibly proud . 
  i find it very rewarding , if done right . 
  oh , do it right , and you do n't need magic to make it op . 
  illusion is fantastic , though . 
  you 're right ; sorry . 
  first off , do go ahead and get the code patch . 
  it 's good for a lot of things besides stealth . 
  two , your best friend will be the thieves guild , for obvious reasons . 
  their missions wo n't make you rich , but they give good opportunities to practice your skills , and access to some good trainers and merchants . 
  if you 're playing a male character , a certain khajiit in the halfway tavern in pelagiad with have a series of quest that will get you a very nice key . 
  when you get the coin , pay for training . 
  it gets skills built up quickly , and can be very useful at lower levels . 
  it is . 
  sneak can be good at low levels , but distance and cover is more important . 
  oh , also , the armorer in ebonheart sells restocking glass arrows , which are very nice . 
  well , yes . 
  it escapes a lot of us , to be honest . 
  it would net me a nobel prize for nuclear fusion , assuming my computer did n't irradiate me to death first . 
  yes . 
  it involves riding a horse over the fence . 
  i 'm serious . 
  i 'd actually be cool with that . 
  there * was * one sload in the late second era , but cyrus killed him . 
  he 's the only one we have any evidence of living on stros m'kai, 
  you may have to use the horse to get over some other buildings/fences . 
  or use whirlwind sprint to come up through the cave . 
  tell me how i can help make this happen . 
  definitely the latter . 
  an achievement is an achievement . 
  well done !, 
  i think it 's hardcoded somewhere . 
  it 's a lot harder to do on the pc version , though . 
  1024 dropped items , instead of 256 . 
  pc version 's here . 
  everything is going to be fine . 
  they 've been doing that for a while . 
  chimarvamidium : `` book 6 of an incomplete series of fictional stories about the dwemer . '', 
  happy to help . 
  snow blocks for white . 
  1 snow golem is an instant supply ,, 
  thank you mumberthrax . 
  i have been negligent ... 
  thank you !, 
  i may consider that at some point . 
  the issue is that they also try to convey some detail , which is harder the smaller you get . 
  good news is that old stuff tends to stay . 
  learn the new stuff at your own pace . 
  images came from cutting up and mashing together various icons , wallpapers , and screenshots . 
  mods : morrowind code patch so pickpocketing is n't horribly , horribly , useless/broken . 
  as to sneaking being hard : yeah , it starts off that way to some extent . 
  npcs see you rather easily . 
  be prepared to throw some coin at trainers . 
  tips : the armorer in ebonheart sells restocking glass arrows , which are very nice . 
  do thieves guild quest for money , items , and experience . 
  thank you !, 
  perhaps this weekend , i 'll fix the bald guy you seem to have on your shoulders ... 
  skyrim especially . 
  gads , that was op ... 
  [ stolen from r/minecraft ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/comments/15wnsi/made_a_volcano/ ) . 
  look on the sidebar . 
  it 's attached to your username , so it appears by all of your posts . 
  yeah . 
  and because of that , they 're very slow . 
  also risky when high up . 
  6 hours since it was put up , and it 's 2 in the morning us central time . 
  a lot of people probably have n't seen it yet . 
  ... and i never expected eaw : foc mod advice on / r/minecraft either . 
  thank you !, 
  public service announcement . 
  i 'm honored , ot . 
  i 'm also hysterically laughing , but honored , nonetheless . 
  how are you , on your travels ? 
  i may experiment with reducing the size a bit today . 
  it 's a pain trying to maintain detail much smaller than this , though . 
  if you get expelled , you still ca n't join the others . 
  ouch . 
  good luck though , i 'm really excited to see openmw develop !, 
  yes . 
  there 's flair for every race . 
  that would be an absolute nightmare to implement . 
  sorry , but no . 
  shameless / r/morrowind plug . 
  we 're always willing to offer help and advice !, 
  alternatively , what if the developers put in slightly different static models for ( if we 're going with the ship example ) rudders , sails , rope piles , etc , and drew them from a randomized list every time it loaded a ship ? 
  yeah , we 've never seen this before ... 
  browsing the wip section of the forums , it 's actually fairly easy to snag some files to look at . 
  nice . 
  i prefer playing as a bosmer , though . 
  julan 's due to be updated within the month .
