  the docking was done via rcs ; no fuel left the red tanks at any time . 
  this is for the rendezvous challenge . 
  also , mkross is technically impossible to do for this challenge . 
  you could also run at less than full throttle during launch . 
  julan 's being updated ? 
  excuse me while i squee . 
  not moving at all results in no hunger loss . 
  first thing to remember : look around and explore . 
  you get rich , killed , or both that way . 
  second , enemies do n't level with you . 
  when you 're level 1 , you will get killed by the vast majority of things out there . 
  third , pickpocketing is a broken mechanic without the code patch . 
  do n't try it . 
  i 'm 16 , and what i 'm rapidly figuring out is how * little * i know . 
  it 's kind of scary . 
  i 'll be honest , i 've never much wanted a tattoo for myself . 
  obviously , it holds a fair bit of meaning for some people , like you . 
  what caused you to become interested in this line of work and tattoos in general , and what is the most common motivation to get one , if any ? 
  nonsense . 
  the [ areola ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/areola ) and nipples are entirely covered . 
  * obviously , * this image is entirely wholesome and appropriate ... 
  that * dang * iau definition . 
  care to explain exactly what this does ? 
  3 parts dr pepper mixed with 1 part pomegranate juice . 
  ratio can vary slightly depending on tastes or to conserve the juice supply ( it 's not very cheap at some places ) . 
  pomegranate soda can substitute for juice , but is n't quite as good . 
  because some elementary school teachers ( and many others ) are n't trained in their field of teaching and do n't like confronting that which they have no understanding of . 
  totally with you here . 
  man , it 's fallen a long way since morrowind . 
  snow golems in turrets actually make for great defense . 
  the endermen teleport away to avoid getting hit , and usually just end up out in the dark , away from the base . 
  i used this on an old end base of mine once . 
  of course , it 's also a lot harder to kill yourself with it now . 
  thank you for taking the time to answer !, 
  morroblivion is an oblivion mod . 
  the general consensus here is that playing morrowind itself is far better . 
  it has a very different feel than morrowind . 
  the storytelling ability is slightly affected be oblivion 's different dialogue system . 
  the immersion for me was definitely lowered . 
  the two games simply have a very different feel . 
  [ this ] ( http://lovkullen.net/emma/kids.htm ) may have what you 're looking for . 
  link to an article ? 
  ah right . . seems that i need to go on a new year update spree for the official threads ... 
  or try to get work testing or reviewing games . 
  with an even more fps killing fire ? 
  you ever seen the travel guide to north korea ? 
  crazy . 
  looks like you 've got your setting down quite well . 
  a few bits of constructive criticism :, 
  - your first sentence is in present tense , unlike everything else , so watch that . 
  - your writing is as fast as sophia 's daggers . 
  take some time to slow down , add some details of the surroundings , and maybe a little suspense . 
  even in action scenes , you do n't want to blow by the details . 
  that said , some of the wording was very good . 
  this definitely has potential . 
  you have run the code patch 's . exe in the morrowind folder , yes ? 
  have you manually told the other port to dock ? 
  also , my current station has 4 joints like yours , so it is doable , and not quite `` difficult as sin '' once you get used to it . 
  a trick is the have the nose of the target point north . 
  that way it will remain constant throughout the orbit . 
  probably very little , if anything . 
  i think you can just use mgso 's one . 
  perhaps . 
  either one should work , though . 
  right click and say `` set as target '' or similar . 
  also , try making sure asas is off while doing this . 
  i love it !, 
  you guys really need to publish a summary . 
  tense moments , confusion , elation ... 
  seed ? 
  other way around - azura created khajiit from bosmer . 
  thank you !, 
  have you thought about streaming/recording the next one ? 
  i 'd totally watch . 
  disk install is actually quite fast . 
  ok , posting all of it goes way past the limit . 
  here 's some for the `` people of morrowind '' topic . 
  `` i love the people of morrowind . 
  i became a god to make their lives more comfortable and secure . 
  i am most close to my faithful followers ; i am literally in their hearts and minds . 
  i feel the most sympathy with house redoran ; they are dunmer driven by creeds and deeds , like i am . 
  house indoril is closer to the compassion and sympathy of almalexia , a comfortable and secure serenity . 
  house telvanni matches the disposition of my brother sotha sil -- iconoclastic , profane , unconventional . 
  house hlaalu represents the future of the dunmer , integrated into the sophisticated mainstream of the traditionless , raceless , godless culture of the empire . 
  house dres represents the past of pre-tribunal great house culture , a persistent tradition of daedra - and ancestor-worshipping civilized dunmer clans . 
  and i even love the ashlanders for their preservation of the most ancient barbarian tribal traditions of the dunmer who first settled morrowind . '', 
  try your hand at the dwemer/falmer engraving in calcelmo 's tower . 
  i 'm pretty sure it close to doubles the size of the game . 
  nope . 
  this is now the top / r/kerbalspaceprogram post of all time . 
  any chance for a seed ? 
  whatever apple shits out next . 
  attatch 4 `` cubic octagonal struts '' the the edge of the bottom of the tank . 
  put the engines on them . 
  then slowly move them as close as possible towards the center . 
  no problem !, 
  ftb gets permission from the modmakers . 
  10 of these are due to dock to the * frost-ghost * for transfer to dres . 
  doing things this way makes completing it a lot easier . 
  i 'll post more when i finish .
