   to disobey a direct and lawful order from the federal government is illegal . 
  it 's the `` lawful '' part that 's a bit of an issue . 
  the federal government can not make states enforce federal law , though they are free to enforce it themselves , as ice is doing . 
  they also can not sanction or withhold funding from states that do not comply . 
  [ marc randazza ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marc_randazza ) wrote a post detailing how that relationship works [ here ] ( https://www.popehat.com/2017/01/30/randazza-sanctuary-cities/ ) . 
  it 's work noting that , as stated in the link , this is n't a new debate at all : it precedes the civil war , and the law surrounding it is fairly clear . 
  ... that 's specifically addressed in the linked post :, 
   you see a pattern here ? 
  so , trump can say that he wants to round-up illegal immigrants all over the country , but he 's going to need police to do that . 
  he has his own . 
  he has ins agents , and homeland security , and even shitty little tsa agents . 
  but , he ca n't tell massachusetts to call out all the stateys to start conducting raids . 
   trump could try to withhold funds from municipalities that refuse to play along . 
  but , as discussed above , doing that could be unconstitutionally coercive . 
  but , he does have a way -- he could authorize new funds to incentivize states and cities to start rounding up immigrants . 
   this is what congress did when it passed the national minimum drinking age act of 1984 ( 23 u.s.c. 
  when it passed that act , it offered federal highway funds to the states , but states got 5 % less if they did n't restrict alcohol sales to adults over the age of 21 . 
  south dakota sued , but in south dakota v. dole , 483 u.s. 203 ( 1987 ) the supreme court allowed this kind of coercion . 
  it held that congress can offer money to the states , and condition receipt of the federal funds on conditions that the feds could not forcibly impose . 
  essentially , the feds can buy what they may not take . 
   so , i would think that at best trump will have to launch some new federal funds program , with the condition that the city help him round-up illegal immigrants and enforce federal law . 
  this is going to need congress to come up with money to dangle in front of municipalities . 
  it is going to need to be enough money to make the resistant cities think twice about it . 
  and , for the cities that say `` we do n't give a shit , '' he 's gon na be out of luck . 
  it could be argued to be selection bias because the supreme court only hears a minority of cases appealed to it , and the would choose the ones that had the greatest need to be re-heard . 
  if i recall correctly ( feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong ) , most if not all circuits have an overturn rate of over 50 % under those conditions . 
  so , the 9th is certainly top of the list , but it 's not off the charts . 
  looks like we were a bit off , if politifact is to be trusted . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2017/feb/10/sean-hannity/no-9th-circuit-isnt-most-overturned-court-country-/ ) gives this rate of reversals for the circuit courts ( 2010-2015 ) :, 
  6th circuit - 87 percent ;, 
  11th circuit - 85 percent ;, 
  9th circuit - 79 percent ;, 
  3rd circuit - 78 percent ;, 
  2nd circuit and federal circuit - 68 percent ;, 
  8th circuit - 67 percent ;, 
  5th circuit - 66 percent ;, 
  7th circuit - 48 percent ;, 
  dc circuit - 45 percent ;, 
  1st circuit and 4th circuit - 43 percent ;, 
  10th circuit - 42 percent . 
  overall overturn rate is ~ 70 % . 
  linked article goes into much more detail . 
  it might . 
  i actually tried that , but i did n't like the way it looked nearly as much as i did the hammer . 
  given that in flagmaker , that 's what it 's labeled as , i imagine that 's where it game from . 
  pretty sure most of us are just waiting . 
  yes , please !, 
  i 'll pm you . 
  beyond the effects on weather and climate , the biggest role the mountain would play is as a massive dead zone . 
  all , or almost all , of olympus mons shown in that picture is above the 8,000 m `` death zone '' where the atmosphere is too thin to support life ; in fact , if olympus mons were on earth , the air pressure at the summit would be very close to average pressure * on mars . 
  * so on that entire area ( about the size of germany ) , no humans , plants , or animals . 
  just rock , ice , and death for anything that finds its way up . 
  i 'm not sure how that would affect native civilizations or the spanish colonizers , both of whom would have no choice but to go the hundreds of miles around it . 
  exploration would be impossible until the 20th , if not 21st century ; the air would be so thin that landing aircraft would be very difficult , if not impossible . 
  i could actually see aircraft flying around the area , because even a survivable crash landing/ejection is certain death landing that high . 
  i 'd settle just for getting rid of arizona , but yes , that would be nice . 
  and how glorious it is . 
  not mine , but the best ( and longest ) response you 'll ever see . 
  highly recommend reading the whole thing . 
  thank you . 
  guess i 'll have to work around that . 
  i probably could n't if i attacked somewhere on honshu , but because none of the japanese states have built a navy , i can use the acquire substate region cb , overwhelm kyushu , shikoku , or hokkaido , hold out there , and wait for the ticking warscore to finish things . 
  damn it . 
  well , i just tested , and that does not apply to the part of the bonin islands that japan rules . 
  so that 's still on the table . 
  i must say , that seems really silly , especially considering that naval action was crucial to winning the boshin war in favor of the imperial japanese . 
   but smoothbores were greatly insisted upon by most ` experts ' . 
  was this to reduce the accuracy ( and thus , i assume , lethality ) of the weapons involved , or out of tradition ? 
  when i asked about this a month ago , / u/ctni linked [ this ] ( http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/researchbriefing/summary/cbp-7860 ) house of commons library briefing on the subject , which i found to be far and away the best answer i got . 
  i hope it helps !, 
  i 'm not sure how you 're envisioning this happening , and i hate to shoot down ideas , but that 's not how anything worked . 
  [ map of the allied occupation zones in germany . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e0/allied_occupation_in_germany_%281945-1949%29.png/800px-allied_occupation_in_germany_%281945-1949%29.png ) as you can see , germany as a whole , as well as berlin , was divided into zones controlled by different occupying nations . 
  even if the united states wanted to make such a trade , it had no authority to do so without the agreement of the uk and france . 
  the bigger issue is with cuba . 
  cuba was not soviet territory or under soviet occupation . 
  it was a sovereign country , led by fidel castro , who would not have let the us occupy cuba without a bloody war . 
  the issue i see with that is that berlin was only blockaded for 11 months ( june 1948-may 1949 ) . 
  cuba would n't be taken over by communists for another ten years . 
  so , let 's assume that for whatever reason , everyone leading the us , uk , france , and the ussr temporarily goes insane and agrees to the trade in 1965 . 
  results :, 
  - west germans , as well as huge numbers of citizens throughout europe and america , feel incredibly betrayed by the handing over of west berlin to the soviets . 
  west german opinion of the three western powers is permanently poisoned . 
  governments in all three countries get swept out in the next elections . 
  - the soviet leadership is seen as weak for betraying an allied nation on america 's doorstep in return for half of a city . 
  expect massive internal upheaval in the soviet government , as well as drastically worsened soviet relations with the developing world . 
  - if the us attempts to actually remove the communist government in cuba , vietnam is going to be overshadowed by a vicious guerrilla war led by castro loyalists . 
  in short , nobody wins , and everyone loses fairly badly . 
  and thank you for a question that was far more thought-provoking than i initially gave it credit for !, 
  bit late to this party , but damn , that 's amazing !, 
  you also sold me on both of ethreon 's mods you used , which is nice , as i saw this right in the middle of building my modlist . 
  la follette, 
  petition for partial mercy accepted . 
  as a passing member of - arado - squadron with no other empowerment to do so , i assign you ten `` hail arado '' - s as penance . 
  that will definitely suffice . 
  for future reference , the inner wing of large bombers is usually a better spot to ram than the fuselage . 
  my favorite v-bomber , but i have to admit it would be terribly broken in-game . 
  you could use sunder and keening without wraithguard . 
  you just need a ton of health to avoid being instantly killed by the constant damage . 
  seems like d&d groups are like that a fair bit .
