  the horrors attested to by witnesses include torture , executions and mothers forced to abort or drown their own babies or to watch them die of starvation . 
  mr. kirby and his colleagues hoped to stir moral outrage , and they 've succeeded . 
  the call for action in the report -- mr. 
  kirby uses the phrase `` enough is enough '' twice during our chat -- poses another major challenge to the u.n. and its member states . 
  in the face of such hard evidence , will they act ? 
  the standard should not be the commission 's splashiest recommendation that members of the kim regime be referred to the international criminal court for crimes against humanity . 
  that is unlikely to happen since pyongyang 's patrons in beijing could veto such a referral at the security council , and just as well . 
  north koreans deserve justice , when they get it , closer to home . 
  but the report points to areas where action should be possible , especially in china 's treatment of north korean refugees . 
  beijing insists on repatriating them as `` economic migrants '' despite the well-known dangers that await returned defectors . 
  the panel offers graphic evidence of persecution upon their return and explicitly condemns china 's return policy for contravening its commitments under international refugee agreements . 
  it 's a sensitive topic with china . 
  beijing did not allow the kirby commission to visit despite repeated requests . 
  and it 's a good bet that the chinese will bristle at the criticism . 
  but precisely because beijing cares about its international reputation , perhaps it can be shamed into classifying north korean defectors as refugees and facilitating their transit to south korea . 
  this would create a new , albeit still dangerous , escape route for desperate north koreans , and the destabilizing outflow of people might hasten the end of the kim family 's horrific rule . '', 
  that is a very good point . 
  i think i will go ahead and include openmw in the plans , for this and other reasons . 
  ok , i think it would make sense if you wanted to participate . 
  is this the account i should contact to set things up when the time comes ? 
  found your video about your record collection on your submissions pages . 
  that is not an ugly person on the screen . 
  plus , you can make a goal out of self-improvement , and it 's a doable goal as well . 
  armor/shield is interesting . 
  i remember in * morrowind * it 's a split between bonemold and chitin , which i take to be more visual representation of the dualism between the more `` civilized '' chimeri house culture in the bonemold , and the more distinctly `` savage '' velothi-tribe look of the dunmer chitin side . 
  here , the chitin is very different - with the lighting , it almost looks daedric , save for the clear biological structure running down the shield . 
  it 's a very interesting view . 
  vivec has always been an odd character for me ; i 've grown to love hating him , if that makes sense . 
  i just finished the main quest of the game again , and when i walked into the palace , i kept having this urge to stab him , rend the guts from his ribcage , and * make him mortal . 
  i look forward to killing him this weekend . 
  [ trainwiz 's mod ] ( http://forums.bethsoft.com/topic/1482467-relz-versus-vivec/ ) should be a fun test . 
  more images , if possible . 
  or videos . 
  ... i may also be an update addict begging for a bigger hit . 
  goes with the fanbase , i guess . 
  how do you get it to float ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  ok , i ca n't get the file without the page telling me to sign up for dropbox . 
  looks good . 
  looking like the site got reddit-hugged from / r/worldnews . 
  i 've noticed that too . 
  i fly the 109-g2 mostly , and when i face american planes , i 'll often win encounters that i should have lost , simply due to flying better . 
  a lot of tes cities feel deserted . 
  vivec , from morrowind , had something like 325 ( [ source ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:demographics ) ) . 
  even then , a city that big just feels empty ... 
  actually , that just happened to me today . 
  p-47 tried to turn into me , right after his takeoff run , with a .5 km altitude disadvantage . 
  oh well , guess he was chilly in that plane , because he sure warmed up quick ... 
  yep , it sucks . 
  g-10 is an improvement , but i just keep the the g-2 . 
  i think i will until i get the komet . 
  i 'm not sure if this is what you 're looking for , but there is an excellent bbc docu-drama series called `` space race '' . 
  i would n't recommend it for true research , as it does take a few liberties with facts , but it gets most of it right . 
  it 's a great look at the inside of the soviet program , especially . 
  ... wow . 
  killing people in tel fyr is literally the * only * way to make the main quest impossible by `` normal '' means . 
  what follows contains major main quest spoilers , so read at your own risk :, 
  [ finishing the main quest requires destroying the heart of lorkhan , at red mountain . 
  to do this , you have to hit it once with sunder , and five times with keening , two artifacts found in citadels on the mountain . 
  here 's the catch : to wield either without taking constant , massive damage , you need the artifact gauntlet wraithguard . 
  normally , vivec gives it to you much later in the main questline . 
  you could also kill him , at take it to yagrum bagarn , in the corprusarium , to learn to use it , at the cost of losing 200 + health permanantly . 
  but , by angering fyr , you 've fucked that option , too . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  [ there 's only one , very difficult , way to defeat dagoth ur now . 
  you need to find sunder and keening yourself , possibly with some notes found in vivec 's palace , though he wo n't help you now , as you have n't triggered his quest . 
  the notes are behind him on a lectern . 
  once you have retrieve the artifacts , make very sure you 're ready , and make a backup save . 
  bring tons of health potions . 
  when you 're sure you have enough , bring more . 
  then go to the crater of red mountain , enter the ruins , find the heart at the bottom , and destroy it with the tools as in the normal method . 
  you 'll miss out on most of the main quest , but you 'll beat dagoth ur . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  now , there is actually one way to fuck * that * up , though it would almost certainly have to be totally deliberate . 
  in case you feel like you 're on a roll , here 's what not to do :, 
  [ if you have the bloodmoon expansion , behind the thirsk mead hall , there is a hollow stump containing the ebony arrows of slaying . 
  they do 5000 points of damage . 
  this is enough to kill the heart , which has it 's health reset to 5000 every frame . 
  normally , this ensures that it can only be killed by the script on the quest . 
  but , the arrows overcome this . 
  they kill the heart without triggering the end of the quest . 
  which leaves you totally unable to do anything about it . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  it wo n't work . 
  op is encountering a scripted response to killing anyone in tel fyr . 
  divayth wo n't be offering any help now . 
  i outlined his last option in a post . 
  i hope he takes it , but he is in for hell . 
  seriously , try the alternative route . 
  it 's a pain , but it would be great bragging rights to say you did it . 
  nope , it was necrophilia . 
  the first soviet missions ( sputnik , vostok 1 , etc. ), 
  were generally secret beforehand . 
  the purpose of this was to allow the denial of failures ; the ussr only announced successful launches . 
  soon , once spy satellites were passing over baikonur , the us could tell that the soviets were going to launch something , but not what it was ( it 's rather difficult to hide an r-7 ) . 
  the soviets had more warning , due to differences in society . 
  the us announced launches beforehand , and the public even came to view them , bring the kids for a picnic , etc. 
  something like that would never happen , and is still difficult , at baikonur . 
  now , your question extends to later parts of the 1960s as well . 
  at that point , there was some communication directly between astronauts and cosmonauts , notably some face to face meetings at some of the paris international airshows .
