  always good to see morrowind show up here . 
  i do n't know if you ever drop by , but you should come over to / r/morrowind sometime . 
  yeah , my parents do this too . 
  sure , at any given time i 'd probably like to be doing something else , but i thinks it 's one of the best things they do . 
  keep it up . 
  i 'm still learning stuff . 
  could something like this be adapted as a sort of `` slime well '' using a ladder system to bring slimes to the surface in large quantities ? 
  might be useful as a passive base defense mechanism . 
  examples ? 
  to anyone who does n't get it , it 's a reference to vivec . 
  nice find !, 
  any timetable for getting this set up ? 
  i 'm really interested in working on the stock save . 
  sounds good !, 
  it counts as space . 
  it does not count as orbit . 
  happens to me , too . 
  i 've never been able to fix it , and as long as it only quits * after * the game , i 've given up caring . 
  hlaalo manor , then later a heavily modded tel uvirith . 
  i have set up a base after clearing out the ministry of truth , which was very fun . 
  take your time , these are great !, 
  [ non-mobile link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suez_crisis ) . 
  i would have really hated to be the guy who got to read that report . 
  the best console command in morrowind was `` fixme '' for that exact reason . 
  probably something to do with the high number of items being rendered . 
  killing folks really ca n't help much . 
  another note : 30 's is low ? 
  you lucky s ` wit . 
  i think it 's no saves , no reverting flights . 
  great find !, 
  i think i 'll make a hardcore world here . 
  edit : seed is -104322818 , if you want it quick . 
  additionally , farms have all types of crops and sheep and pigs are present . 
  that 's ... illuminating . 
  tech help thread for this , please . 
  very nice !, 
  `` kraken zone '' is a nice name , too . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  we should release the halfway point sometime next year , hopefully . 
  more than that has actually been done in some areas . 
  it 's in the skyrim engine . 
  morrowind had dialogue pouring out its ears . 
  i love it for that . 
  actually , they 're recreating a lot anyway . 
  most of it is very different from the original . 
  nope . 
  it expands the world map you get on your pause menu to show all of tr 's land , as it is too small by default . 
  yes . 
  that 's there so that the argument ca n't be made that you get morrowind for free . 
  yeah , there is that issue . 
  how much deviation from that is acceptable , i ca n't really say . 
  it really does . 
  i 'm working on getting a small fort set up to defend the village , and the surroundings are very nice . 
  thank you very much for posting this !, 
  this reminds me a whole lot of manaan from knights of the old republic . 
  nice build !, 
  you could get a setup with balloons holding the kerbal and a medium rocket . 
  the airship could lower the kerbal to plant the flag , then rise high in the atmosphere to launch the kerbal back to orbit on the rocket . 
  the another ship could come pick it up for the trip back . 
  for that reason , i actually like morrowind 's text system a lot . 
  i 'm not sure it would work as well now , with the `` realism '' devs are going for , but as a casual modder , being able to freely write your own stuff is great !, 
  source for that ? 
  i 've never heard of that problem before . 
  [ sure is !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sparta_%28modern%29 ), 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about the military or it 's actions ; most of it does n't sit well with me . 
  i will say thank you for coming here and explaining your experiences articulately and honestly . 
  now , question time :, 
  obviously , commercial aviation accidents happen , if quite rarely . 
  was there any one that occurred during your career that caused major concern , or that necessitated any extra caution/training on the part of the flight crew ? 
  also , knowing the aircraft as well as you did , what were your favorite and least favorites parts of any given one ? 
  i 'm going to enchant the souls of those gods into twin command gloves , i think . 
  i remember way back when i made that mistake ... 
  thank you !, 
  i 've really enjoyed really this iama ; thanks for doing it !, 
  if you do n't mind another question , what was the cause of the skepticism of those ntsb reports on the b-737 ? 
  any idea why this happens ? 
  thanks for the link , and the opinion . 
  thank you !, 
  very informative link , as well . 
  i think russian suits are still available if something needs to get done . 
  my guess is that there is no solid information . 
  probably just a lot of rumors , which happen to explain a lot of what happens . 
  that 's scary itself . 
  then , add to that the fact that no one knows who it 's safe to share those rumors with , and it 's terrifying . 
  far more so than knowing , and it does n't give the people a reason to revolt . 
  sorry , load of questions :, 
  how much interaction with locals did you get ? 
  did you have to remain with your guides ? 
  were the stops all standard tour stops , or did your guides ever take you to any more out of the way places ? 
  did the locals seem nervous to have you around ? 
  finally , odd question : would it be possible to travel there as a vegetarian ? 
  most of the dishes seem to involve some meat ; would it be possible to eat enough without it ? 
  it has n't been ruled out , it just has n't been ruled in . 
  `` someone became the listener , and it may have been the dragonborn . '', 
  they do !, 
  that last was my main concern over going myself someday . 
  thanks for sharing your experience with us !, 
  this is big . 
  if some genius who is far smarter than me can make a plugin based on this , that would really change the game .
