  tr seems to be moving much faster these days , is that just perception , or is more actually getting done ? 
  you are correct . 
  it might be possible to still get back ... very carefully ... 
  it 's just 25x25x16 pennies . 
  that 's a thought . 
  i 'll give that some consideration , as it 's a valid point . 
  by the time of skyrim , slavery has been outlawed for over 195 years . 
  helseth did away with it shortly before the oblivion crisis . 
  done , and thanks . 
  i try to put these up as soon after midnight as possible , so things get through the cracks . 
  nice work !, 
  the one where you free new-shoes in pelagiad . 
  blatant abuse is mixing god-potions to raise skills into the hundreds/thousands . 
  that was just creative problem solving . 
  if you could make an item for the [ crown of barenziah ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/file:sr-item-crown_of_barenziah.jpg ) , that would be awesome . 
  it 's to be the main focus of a thieves guild mod i 'm working on , but i 'm terrible at meshes . 
  i hope there are still plenty of the smaller villages that we 've seen before . 
  i like staying away from the city sometimes . 
  oh my aching framerate ... 
  if people choose to play on differing difficulties , that 's a personal choice . 
  til where i 'm setting up my base . 
  you are such a tease , nova . 
  to be honest , iguanas can be fucking adorable . 
  do it . 
  please . 
  '' * yada yada * when hell freezes over ! '', 
  `` if you 'd bothered to read the * inferno * , you 'd remember that the lower reaches of hell ** are ** frozen over . '', 
  actually , for me , starting a conversation with a drawn arrow results in the npc being shot as soon as i close the window . 
  use with care . 
  this does work . 
  it is the main way i do it . 
  seed/coords ? 
  christ almighty , this is one extended dungeon ? 
  children of vvardenfell , of morrowind . 
  i see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me !, 
  a day may come , when the courage of modders fails , when we forsake our construction set and break all bonds of modding , but it is not this day !, 
  an hour of errors and shattered files when the age of modders comes crashing down !, 
  but it is not this day !, 
  this day we mod !, 
  by all that you hold dear on this good game , i bid you , mod , modders of the east !, 
  if you have the interest , perhaps a vehk-ton of editing and a resubmission ? 
  i believe lady n has expressed an interest in such a thing . 
  what exactly is the significance of old man yagrum not going with them ? 
  did this doom the endeavor ? 
  this raises an interesting question . 
  what of [ radac stungnthumz ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/tribunal:radac_stungnthumz ) , or the innumerable dwarven spectres haunting the ruins in morrowind ? 
  while physically dead , their souls are certainly there and functioning . 
  would their existence have also caused the endeavor to fail ? 
  did they pull themselves out at the last second , betraying kagrenac ? 
  i seem to recall yagrum mentioning some disagreement between kagrenac and the other tonal architects over the viability of his plan , so this sort of sabotage does n't seem out of the question . 
  make sure to get it for pc . 
  the xbox version is markedly inferior . 
  good question . 
  i think i 'll make a new topic , as we 're getting out of the scope of this one . 
  bloodmoon . 
  as to why the supposedly `` rebel '' dwemer could n't have chosen not to be a part of it : the dwemer had to ascend as a race . 
  no one could be left behind , which is why some theorize that yagrum 's absence doomed it . 
  i do n't think they knew that their pulling out would doom the dwemer , rather , they might have believed they would just prevent it at the last minute . 
  as for grudges : i 've always thought of the dwemer as scientists . 
  scientists hold grudges for a long time . 
  i also do n't think pyroil tar in the hands of daedra is evidence of any cooperation . 
  they could have just looted the ruins like everyone else . 
  radac would know where to get it because he 's been sitting around observing everything for the past few eras . 
  as to yagrum . 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot of dwemer were like him . 
  if anything , the [ chronicles of nchuleft ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:chronicles_of_nchuleft ) indicates that the dwemer were far less aloof than generally though . 
  and it 's certainly welcome . 
  your post are a lot of what 's been improving the place lately . 
  ... i 'm sorry , you 'll need to explain what the hell a `` perfume pyramid scheme '' is . 
  which is a difference in trajectory ... 
  one thing that might help is delaying the gravity turn until 13km . 
  i was told this by sal_vager some time ago , and it 's always worked very well for me . 
  just looked it up . 
  yeah , that 's pretty shady . 
   i wish nasa would be like this . 
  having so much money to suffer hundreds of wrongful death lawsuits only for the purpose of seeking more knowledge for all humanity . 
  ftfy, 
  huntsman axe . 
  i 'm thinking a lot more than 3 or 4 ... 
  as a fellow d&d player , this is awesome . 
  sure they do . 
  you just have to know where to look . 
  yes . 
  i always get both crescents too . 
  one was . 
  the other were not . 
  6 women , two men . 
  possible that they were all parents , but unlikely . 
  i wish my parents let me do that . 
  if i feel they 're offering solely out of politeness , i 'll decline . 
  i appreciate it , nonetheless . 
  and where would i go about getting one of these magical cannons ? 
  i can confirm that we americans do call crisps `` chips '' . 
  also easy pickings for a new guy in vivec and near balmora , if you know where . 
  development 's been taken over by a new guy . 
  that 's sad . 
  for most of my life , until two years ago , my best friend was a woman 85 years older than me born in 1911 . 
  she was my next door neighbor and played a great role in raising me . 
  my parents are friends with the neighbors , i greet them walking home , and it just feels right . 
  what a world it is now .
