  for the flights , i 'd like to have more housekeeping missions , like crew transfers , mixed in with the more advanced missions we get into , both to add a sense of continuity , and to enable new pilots to get involved . 
  time : i am in uni , so there is that . 
  i can get a few hours in every day , more on weekends . 
  it would be nice if you could actually say that somewhere . 
  i spent a week trying to figure out what the heck was going on . 
  always those damn cliff racers . 
  i 'll do the rsp-77 mission , though i have some concerns about the specifications of the ship . 
  namely , a trip to or from the jool system is likely to heavily deplete brotoro 's fuel reserves . 
  i 'm just going to go for a round-trip capable craft . 
  might also dream up some missions to increase the reserves at laythe . 
  the same thing happened that has always happened . 
  wollay goes silent , progress is unseen , wollay comes back . 
  repeat as needed . 
  it 's to be expected by now . 
  ntsb usually gets involved whenever it was an american-made plane , which it was . 
  yes , it 's my impression that they are requested a fair bit , on account of the sheer amount of expertise they can bring . 
  [ here is a film made on the 50th anniversary of the vostok 1 flight . 
  it 's footage from the iss , looking down at earth as it passes over gagarin 's flight path , with audio from gagarin 's ground communication overlayed onto it . 
  ] ( http://www.firstorbit.org/watch-the-film ), 
  you should really watch it ; it 's absolutely beautiful . 
  pretty sure you meant km . 
  i was thinking `` nm '' as meaning nanometers , and something seemed off . 
  two :, 
  * will separate worldspaces ( like the shivering isles in oblivion ) be supported ? 
  * can npcs have schedules ? 
  yep , sounds like a moho mission . 
  very nice !, 
  docking via eva is always an interesting experience . 
  after putting up with high-tier 109s being crap , op sounds great right about now . 
  it was theodorus . 
  the line is `` why are there no monuments to this man ? '', 
  and the relevant dialogue starts at 24:35 in the episode . 
  tech help thread for this . 
  sweet !, 
  a few more weeks and i can make you add another column to the pilot list tab !, 
  [ source ] ( http://www.deviantart.com/art/morrowind-days-25725774 ), 
  please try to provide direct links to the artist when possible , instead of an imgur link . 
  nice work !, 
  what are the floaters in the 10th image ? 
  by the same token , to hijack something , it 's much easier to get your people on to a passenger jet as opposed to a cargo flight . 
  [ the rear guard ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:the_rear_guard ) has been my favorite book ever since i picked up a copy at ghostgate while waiting for an ashstorm to blow over . 
  [ jasmine ] ( http://www.fliggerty.com/phpbb3/viewtopic.php?f=50&amp;t=973 ) and shani . 
  shani is from the julan mod . 
  [ and done . 
  been a while since i 've beaten the main quest . 
  now on to mournhold and the clockwork city . 
  it sometimes comes up . 
  i guess i 've adjusted to it , by moving as soon as it opens . 
  worst case , a little `` tcl '' fixes everything . 
  inside , easily 50 + . 
  40 outside , maybe a bit more or less depending on what i 'm looking at . 
  i 'd recommend turning off mgso for the most part and just using about 10 cells worth of the distant land feature , if your computer can handle it . 
  it 's good for seeing some of the fantastic vistas the game offers , and the graphics improvements really do n't help the experience that much . 
  it 's in the link . 
  your reddit account seems a bit inactive - is it ok to pm you here when things need to get set up , or is there a way you prefer ? 
  auriel 's bow is great , and the smith in ebonheart has restocking glass arrows . 
  just to warn you , a new thread will be posted in ~ 3 hours . 
  if your question is unanswered by then , feel free to repost in the new one . 
  he actually received the highest sentence allowed under norwegian law : 21 years , that can be extended indefinitely every five years . 
  he will , in all likelihood , never leave prison . 
  skyrim : home of the nords and province : cyrodiil . 
  yes , i hope he is able to find some peace at the end . 
  if we are to move past his brand of hatred , there really is n't a point hoping for anything less . 
  to test that theory of yours , open the morrowind launcher and click on the lgnpc file . 
  to the far right of the window should be a box labelled `` parent masters '' . 
  in it should be morrowind.esm , and possibly others . 
  if both tribunal.esm and bloodmoon.esm are * not * in that box , then it is not dependent on either , and can not use those features . 
  i 'd love to do something to promote openmw ; i think it really is the future of the game . 
  i 'm also not sure how well it would fit in with the province mods , as a game engine replacement and content creation seem very different , and i would think it for fitting to do something separate . 
  i could also tell you less about programming and the inner workings of openmw than i could about the composition of lunar regolith , so i may be totally wrong . 
  if someone can make a persuasive statement that they would fit together , i 'm open . 
  i 'll think on it . 
  i really do want to help get this promoted , it 's just a question of how would be best . 
  try posting this to the tech help thread . 
  ok , i 'll make sure i have an account set up there . 
  your save file link is missing . 
  the coldharbour compact definitely sounds like a dunmer song , perhaps recalling the opening scenes of [ 2920 , rain 's hand ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:2920,_rain%27s_hand_%28v4%29 ) . 
  for those of you having trouble getting around the paywall :, 
  `` by joseph sternberg, 
  march 16 , 2014 6:32 p.m. 
  an important test for the united nations begins monday when a major report on human-rights abuses in north korea lands in geneva . 
  the report , which was released last month and will be formally handed over to the human rights council , is a compelling and damning account of how the kim family dynasty has ravaged the country for more than half a century . 
  unlike most u.n. documents , this one demands action . 
  the u.n. has n't produced anything like it before . 
  and one reason is michael kirby , the retired australian judge who chaired the commission and in a recent interview explained how he brought a new approach to the task . 
  mr. kirby seems an odd choice to lead a u.n. panel . 
  he was a special u.n. envoy for human rights in cambodia from 1993-96 , but his reputation rests mainly on his work as a judge in his native australia . 
  there he was known as a dissenter from majority opinions on the appeals bench , evidence of a willingness to rock the boat not normally associated with high-profile tasks at the u.n. 
  he says he agreed to chair the commission in part because he viewed this as an opportunity `` to do things in a slightly different way . '', 
  `` slightly '' is an understatement . 
  one of mr. kirby 's most important contributions concerns methodology : he brought a sensibility about transparency and evidence developed over his 34-year legal career in a country that , like britain and the u.s. , follows the common-law tradition of open trials and public scrutiny . 
  most u.n. human-rights inquiries conduct their research more or less in secret and then publish coldly analytical summaries , but the north korea commission held public hearings around the world and then cited specific testimony to buttress its factual assertions . 
  mr. kirby emphasizes that the panelists were neither judges nor prosecutors but merely investigators , though they set high evidentiary standards . 
  they refrained from asking leading questions and sought as much corroboration as possible -- such as satellite images that might verify a prison-camp survivor 's testimony about the layout of a facility . 
  the commission concluded that the great majority of witnesses were honest and motivated mainly by a desire to tell their stories , but mr. kirby does n't hesitate to dismiss the claims of witnesses who seemed inclined to exaggerate . 
  this evidentiary rigor lends the report its striking emotional power . 
  `` our report is illustrated throughout with the voices of people who came forward , '' mr. kirby says . 
  `` and that allows for an authentic voice to come from the report . 
  this is much more powerful than the desiccated attempt by professors to re-express the complaints in words of their own . '', 
  he confesses that at times during the testimony , `` i wept . '',
