  please do not promote piracy on the subreddit . 
  `` just as sotha sil stabilizes the scene with a word in a language that does n't exist yet , ** because he does stuff like that . 
  actually one of the more familiar parts of this . 
  kindly relocate this request to the tech help thread . 
  still could be . 
  i 'm rather with you , honestly , and many will . 
  along with that , i doubt the mod team is going to let the sub degrade to `` everything is right '' when discussing lore in other contexts . 
  what i would like is one that has a cross-hair like the sniper , but that has marks for arrow drop over certain distances . 
  i 'm very impressed . 
  the ship is nuts , but it works well , so there you go . 
  if no one takes 72 , i 'm making sure the first plane on laythe is a floatplane to pick them up . 
  a really nice design of mine is in the save already , used in m13 , so if it can be stuck on a rocket ... 
  and no problem about the save ; the rest of you should n't need to wait on my bad week . 
  or bop and gilly , maybe pol if the terrain could ever work . 
  thank you !, 
  ok , given that 72 is in limbo , i 'll take it . 
  can you open up your inventory/magic effects screen and take a screenshot ? 
  how would that work it a pc member later ran for political office that required viewing such material ? 
  hmm ... ca n't see anything there . 
  bit of a long shot , but try opening the console and typing, 
  placeatpc , `` rat '' , 1 , 120 , 0, 
  it should attack you , and that may force your character to combobulate itself . 
  yeah , it does look rather too much like a sandbox . 
  sounds good , honestly . 
  i 'm in the backwaters , so i 've been having plenty of time for politicking around , gaining friends and support . 
  probably the wrong sub for this . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollsonline may be of more use . 
  just got this same error . 
  be sure , if you install either the non-legacy of rome part or the larger screen support , that you put the contents of those folders inside the elder kings folder , and not simply put the three folders next to each other . 
  it does seem rather odd , since i could take out a g-2 and at least break even against p-63s . 
  this thing ? 
  nope . 
  oh , and the jets are overtiered , from what i 've heard . 
  i may fly the japanese a bit , but i also want to stick with the germans ... any idea if using the g-2 to get the g-10 or k-4 is worth it ? 
  was n't that law designed to go after katanas ? 
  or am i misremembering ? 
  all hail st. jiub , eradicator of the winged menace !, 
  fang of haynekhtnamet , you mean ? 
  well , i was thinking of [ arkngthand ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:arkngthand ) , from morrowind . 
  shame it was n't a reference . 
  this is one issue i 've never had in rb . 
  maybe some whining , but never any friendly fire . 
  that would depend of which soviets you were asking about . 
  for the general public , it was limited , as it was given little coverage ( a small notice on an inside page of * pravda * , if i recall correctly ) . 
  reaction among cosmonauts was obviously different , given their careers as well as access to much more information . 
  alexey leonov , the the first man to walk in space as well as the one in training to be the soviets ' first man on the moon , described the feeling as `` white envy '' ( meaning , he was very happy for the americans who did it , but jealous that they did it first ) . 
  he was also upset that soviet media did not broadcast the landing as was done in the west . 
  i ca n't say much about the government response , other than that it eventually led to the cancellation of the soviet lunar landing program . 
  source for both of those is * two sides of the moon : our story of the cold war space race * , co-written by leonov himself along with david scott , commander of apollo 15 . 
  i recommend it highly , both on it 's own merits as well as an interesting view of the soviet program . 
  well , there is a dungeon in skyrim called arkngthamz , so maybe . 
  and your old-man memory comes with crazy ksp skills , so maybe someone would like a trade !, 
  can we get an idea of what shape ? 
  flag-shape , square , etc ? 
  in the context that you used `` dog '' in , yes , it does . 
  calling protesters `` dogs '' and saying that a government should `` put them down '' will get a very negative reception . 
  my god , gilly is really tiny . 
  this what you 're talking about ? 
  please post this in the tech help thread . 
  that 's our way of keeping the front page uncluttered . 
  on the other hand , welcome !, 
  3 gunner kills , 15 round kills ? 
  that 's great !, 
  well , and waited 5 + years to start the war . 
  he was crushed by numbers . 
  nexus is free . 
  to be specific , when you go to create account , you can just click continue without selecting a payment plan . 
  this is , in fact , stated at the top of the page . 
  some thoughts on mechanics :, 
  - the sky darkening will be a royal pain to ever implement . 
  i wo n't say impossible , but i 'll be impressed . 
  - taking pictures from the user 's picture folder , however , is . 
  absolute best case is that it might work , if and only if the user had files of a specific filename that the mod referenced , in a compatible format and size . 
  not meeting this condition would either lead to missing texture errors , which in my experience usually equates to a crash . 
  to end the matter , i do n't think a mod can even reference files outside the morrowind folder . 
  - for bleeding eyes , you could make a custom clothing item that is set up as a. . . shoe , for instance , but actually covered the eyes with a blood texture instead . 
  this obviously is a crude solution , but something like it might work . 
  edit : oh , and since the assassin does n't need to have disposition stats , you could make it a custom creature , like vivec and almalexia are . 
  that would give you a lot more control over animations and behavior . 
  it 's really cool to see people looking at this and trying to make it . 
  nice work !, 
  you 're right , but the issue would be that as the ukrainian declaration of independence declared soviet law void in ukraine , there is room for argument either way . 
  even if it were brought to a russian court , ukraine would have no reason to recognize the decision at all . 
  i might pick up some dlcs , if there is a good sale . 
  next 100 years ? 
  do n't know . 
  i wanted to breed the sayyid trait into the dynasty , but apparently there is a hardcoded `` must not marry an infidel '' or `` false religion '' problem whenever i try to arrange a marriage or invite a sayyid man to my court . 
  still trying to figure out how to mod that out , because it 's really problematic . 
  i 'm a bit of a nut for doing crazy things with breeding , so we 'll see how it goes . 
  a lot of those who voted for this probably only did this after yanukovych 's position has basically collapsed , and he himself fled . 
  still working on an me-262 , and i have not heard good things about it . 
  favorite group ? 
  the flatlanders . 
  their album `` now again '' is great . 
  given that one payload overtook the other , could you have done a rendezvous in solar orbit to bring them in on one set of engines ? 
  that 's what i 've heard . 
  by itself , it seems like it 's going to be fun , but sending it against sabres/migs is nuts . 
  if they are , they should work on japan . 
  whenever i fly , germany already has the biggest population . 
  bf-109 g-6 .
