  i was 15 , this was 2011 . 
  it was my first elder scrolls game , and is still the one i play most . 
  thanks . 
  and yeah , it was a lifesaver down there !, 
  bosmer archer/thief , i was level 5-6 when i cleared the ruin . 
  it suits me very well , as i enjoy sneaking around and shooting things . 
  starting off at level one with 50 in marksman is awesome . 
  he ca n't take many hits though ; he 's the epitome off `` glass cannon '' . 
  the dwemer puzzle cube is the object of an early part of the main quest in morrowind . 
  it 's notoriously difficult to find . 
  right . 
  thieves guild is generally better in skyrim . 
  other 's are mostly equal except for the main quest , which is far superior in morrowind . 
  the great house quests are also really cool , and skyrim has nothing like them . 
  a lot of morrowind 's misc quest are also better . 
  i really think radiant quests lack a lot of depth . 
  yes , it is . 
  no , got ridiculously rich from selling artifacts to the museum . 
  the hobbit is a great book . 
  highly recommend , from a fellow 16 year old . 
  you have my permission to sleep . 
  the problem is that the number of votes available to the whole site is fixed . 
  as the userbase increases , vote drought ensues . 
  for obvious reasons , no . 
  it does n't . 
  option 4 . 
  this is badly needed . 
  to be utterly fair , props to the friend for conscientious sex habits . 
  i would assume that fleshlight : hand : : vibrator : penis . 
  yes . 
  but at least he made the effort . 
  makes sense . 
  probably piloting three large airships crew by cats and women 's rights activists on a bombing raid over saudi arabia . 
  `` i see now that the circumstances of one 's birth are irrelevant ; it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are . '', 
  i knew what the reference was . 
  nice one . 
  a really nice looking cat . 
  [ already done ] ( http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/354828-16x132-nostalgia-craft/ ) . 
  thanks !, 
  hlaalo manor in northwestern balmora . 
  ralen hlaalo 's body provides permanent , infinite storage . 
  leave her be . 
  she 's not a bother , and she just stays in the back room . 
  is there a direct download link to the patcher ? 
  i ca n't seem to navigate the site to find it . 
  many europeans like minority culture politely displayed behind glass walls , where they can admire how `` quaint '' such `` backward savages '' are . 
  my guess is that it 's a remnant of colonialism . 
  your uncle has nice comebacks . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  for science . 
  grandfather has a story about the later . 
  he and some other guys were getting setting to training during wwii . 
  they stopped at a place to get lunch , and their commanding officer told the waitress that the boys could n't buy beer because some were underage . 
  the manager heard this , waited for the officer to leave , and said `` if they can die for their country , they can drink beer . 
  ring it up as tea . '', 
  not too much at all . 
  perfect . 
  a lot of the guys were under 18 . 
  you can join young . 
  i know what you mean about ntes being slow . 
  i use 9 on the tia sang 's interplanetary stage , and it 's still slow as hell . 
  makes sense . 
  how do you use the physical timewarp , though ? 
  guards only help against creatures , not npcs . 
  thanks !, 
  enchantment : ring of womb-balm : drain intelligence 100 points for 1 second on self . 
  this has the side effect of totally restoring magicka , and is rather cheap to have made ( less than 4k , if i recall ) . 
  not entirely sure . 
  it 's perfectly stable . 
  it 's simply a side-effect of the derived attributes being recalculated when a main attribute is altered . 
  morrowind code patch has an option to `` fix '' it , but i 've never considered it a bug to begin with . 
  no , water works fine in the end . 
  that 's real good money . 
  easy , too . 
  did you perhaps do a damage attribute instead of drain ? 
  possible . 
  if it includes the morrowind code patch , you can run the code patch executable in your morrowind directory and uncheck that particular `` fix '' . 
  great . 
  i 'm sure you 'll fit right in . 
  follow me up to the office and they 'll finish your release . 
  correction : morrowind has 10 square miles of land , not including the bloodmoon expansion . 
  seed ? 
  all of this guy 's work is amazing . 
  semi-relevant : the roman word * gladius * ( sword ) was also a slang word for penis . 
  made latin class ... interesting . 
  [ this is the mod used ] ( http://kerbalspaceprogram.com/forum/showthread.php/20116-cbbp-dragon-rider-pod-capsule ) . 
  permission granted . 
  care to explain ? 
  what are the relevant laws ? 
  thank you . 
  toph , from avatar . 
  `` severe public displays of affection '' ? 
  good for you . 
  sorry to hear your brother passed away , though ; my sincere condolences . 
  makes sense to me . 
  also , awesome username . 
  `` life in lubbock , texas , taught me two things : one is that god loves you and you 're going to burn in hell . 
  the other is that sex is the most awful , filthy thing on earth and you should save it for someone you love . '', 
  it does .
