  if they are distributed ( they wo n't be ) , estonia should take , what , 1300 ? 
  come on , that 's nothing . 
  in the east of germany , there has been considerable change : in gdr times , russian was the first foreign language for everyone . 
  some learnt a second language , mostly english . 
  but most older people do n't speak it . 
  nowadays , it 's mostly english at first , and hauptschule/realschule students leave it at that , but some learn a second language . 
  if you go to a gymnasium , you can learn a third language if you specialize in languages ( and possibly even more than that ) . 
  when i was a student , choices were french , russian and latin for second foreign language . 
  now , there is also czech ( because i live close to the border ) . 
  other schools offer spanish , polish , sorbian ( in my region ) , italian , and greek as third language . 
  i took french , but did n't focus and have forgot ten most of it . 
  at university , learned czech and swedish . 
  obviously , you have a much broader choice there . 
  we already have that . 
  the council of the eu is the `` senate '' , with one councillor per member state . 
  it is actually the more important legislature compared to the parliament . 
  unlike the us , it is not directly elected , however . 
  well , it 's not * completely * symbolic , is it . 
  but yes , i realize that it would n't change much . 
  still , there probably is a majority for staying in the eea , since it was already 48 % for staying in the eu . 
  should n't that majority be heard , even when people railing against immigrants are more vocal ? 
  why ? 
  the question of the referendum was just about leaving the eu . 
  the reasons and exact manner was n't specified , and the reason for which people voted leave is up to debate and speculation , to a point . 
  and since the result was only 52-48 , i 'd say that staying in the eea at least is pretty respectful of the referendum . 
  cutting every tie to the eu would be disrespecting the 48 % , on the other hand . 
  \u010cechy is b\u00f6hmen in german . 
  tschechei is consistent with other country names , like slowakei , lombardei , walachei and the tschechoslowakei . 
  it 's just more old-fashioned than names ending in - ien . 
  and thus occasionally tainted by nazi connotations . 
  can i answer that ? 
  * sponsor projects of transnational cooperation . 
  i played in an youth orchestra with people from three eu countries . 
  financed mainly by eu money , it shaped my image of my european neighbors . 
  if you do n't meet them in person , you only know what press and xenophobia tell you : strange people that bring crime . 
  * sponsor erasmus and similar programs * make it easy to travel , work with , and sell and buy in other eu countries ( common market , schengen area ), 
  living in the border region of czechia , poland and germany . 
  less than a kilometer from the border , actually . 
  police of the three states work together quite well nowadays . 
  germany 's police may pursue criminals across the border , until polish/czech police can take over . 
  presumably the other way round , too . 
  and i think they do joint patrols . 
  not only police ; firefighters cooperate , too , so if a fire breaks out in a border town , fire brigades from across the border can be asked to help . 
  i think i 've heard it happen with emergency doctors , as well . 
  police cooperation happens out of sheer necessity -- you ca n't just stop pursuing a thief when he goes over the unguarded border . 
  fire brigades and doctors help themselves because in a time when everything is cut down on , and participation in the volunteer fire brigades is diminishing , you have to work together . 
   if you read the bible you will see women being treated nearly as objects . 
  sometimes they are , more often they are not . 
  for instance , in genesis 24:58 , one of the first more detailed depictions of marriage ( isaac and rebecca ) :  58 then they called rebekah and said to her , `` will you go with this man ? '', 
  and she said , `` i will go . '', 
  the whole transaction has a lot of the trading aspect that you allude to , but still , she is asked and goes willingly . 
  she is n't sold off . 
  sure , it 's patriarchism through and through ( these are * the patriarchs * , after all ) , she does n't even know her future husband yet ( and the marriage does n't work out too well either ) , but she still is n't treated as property . 
   until the last century , women were not allowed to own property . 
  that 's not true either . 
  see the old english marriage vows ( dating back to the middle ages ) :  with this ring i thee wed , with my body i thee worship , and ** with all my worldly goods i thee endow **  the point here is that marriage , especially civil marriage , changed a lot since it become a thing . 
  did it ? 
  sure , it was * lived * differently in different cultures , but the essence of marriage always was : a man and a woman living together to support each other and bear children . 
  sure , you can replace the `` man and woman '' bit with `` two adults '' , it 's not that big of a change . 
  this sounds like it could be a popular misconception ... 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but i could n't find anything on this . 
  so where did you learn this ? 
  owners of animals do too . 
  owners of machinery perform maintenance . 
  but they do n't have to . 
  they will just lose their slave/animal/machinery , but they can . 
  with wives , even in patriarchal societies , you have to support them , care for them , keep them safe . 
  otherwise the family of the bride will be up in arms . 
  or the state will come and make you , or punish you for neglect . 
  that 's the difference . 
  ( sure , nowadays if you do n't feed your animal , you will get in trouble . ), 
   marriage started as a `` contract '' where men owned their wife . 
  uh , says who ? 
  there always were obligations on both sides . 
  how can one have an obligation to his possession ? 
  good point . 
  it 's still not a physical seperation , like the segregation you are alluding to ( just saw the movie `` hidden figures '' , it showed that part of history in an interesting and not too over-hyped way ) . 
  so if it 's even on the same page , it 's just a footnote . 
  i always thought of adoption just as a way to help orphaned or given-up children , not for personal fulfillment if you ca n't have children otherwise . 
  how can it be your personal right to be ( possibly ) given a child to bring up ? 
  another commenter wrote that it 's just the right `` to apply '' , which , fair enough , is the only thing it can be . 
  but that 's a bit lame for a supposed * human right * , is n't it ? 
  sure , it may be important for some people , but it 's hyped like it 's equivalent to the right to vote for women . 
  two of my best friends are a couple that biologically ca n't have children . 
  but they always wished for it , motherhood was the dream life for the woman , at least . 
  adoption is in very high demand and not enough supply . 
  they now have four foster-children , but they are regularly seeing their biological parents , and could be taken away at any time ( at least that 's unlikely ) . 
  i get how much it means to them , and how much it might mean for other people in civil partnerships , but it 's not about them at all . 
  a decision for a homosexual partnership is a decision against children ( in most cases ) . 
  like a life of celibacy or perpetual singlehood or ... 
   but is n't it comical to construct two parallel legal frameworks ( marriage and civil partnerships ) , identical , from what you 're describing , huh , now that you say it . 
  i 'd be curious to know how much of law is `` for married couples as well as legal partnerships , the following holds : '' as opposed to one law for marrieds and one for civil partnerships . 
  probably the latter , knowing bureaucracy . 
   edit : i just read your other reply . 
  making civil partnerships the standard and confining the term `` marriage '' to a religious one , is of course , a valid alternative . 
  i do n't know whether that 's really workable , however . 
  how do you deal with married couples from other countries , where maybe their marriage would n't even be legal in germany ( unterage couples or multiple marriages , for instance ) . 
  would they have to get a civil partnership in germany for their marriage to be legally recognized ? 
  huh , maybe that would actually be better than the clusterf * it is now ( i think ? 
  sure .
