depends how you define ` western ' , but [ hezbollah ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hezbollah ) are shi'a and iran-sponsored . 
  and even if it were , it 's a piece of art . 
  guernica had nazi bombs in it too . 
  would you paint over them ? 
  i 'll edit when i 'm back at my computer . 
  thanks . 
  ca n't work out if you 're correcting me , agreeing with me , or seeking a different way to explain what i just said . 
  the revenue pie chart does n't really say much . 
  in the grand scheme of things , income tax in the uk is actually pretty low . 
  first 10k free , next 20k 20 % , next 120k 40 % . 
  capped ni . 
  compared to our neighbours we have it pretty good . 
  if you earn # 30k in the uk you pay 13.3 % income tax overall plus ni . 
  if you earn # 60k you pay 26.67 % income tax overall plus ni . 
  if you earn # 100k you pay 32 % income tax overall plus ni . 
   i 'm happy to count them as irish if it 'll annoy them hehehe . 
  well , depends which extremists you 're talking about . 
  like , we also have extremist lefties , but they tend to be pan-national marxists and are n't allied to nationalist causes . 
  then there are our religious extremists - christian and muslim - who are right wing in various moralistically crusading ways . 
  but yeah i get your point - extreme nationalists who are prepared to act on their impulses to seem to be at opposite ends of the political spectrum either side of the irish sea ( unless you go all-ireland and count loyalists into the equation ) . 
  oops . 
  you might need to make another couple of edits - you 're muddling up the war of independence ( irish rebels vs british ) and the civil war ( irish vs irish ) . 
  i love that the ` plain ' setting for crisps in ireland is cheese & onion . 
   while the irish may drink more , i find english people tend to get more ` angry drunk ' . 
  i blame stella this is very true . 
  i lived in ireland for ten years and saw a grand total of two fights . 
  you 'd see more than that in a single weekend evening in many towns in the uk . 
  i want to add a few more things , purely my own opinions : 11 . 
  the irish are generally more tolerant of foolish and drunken behaviour than the british . 
  unless they 're actually catholic . 
  then they 're intolerant of a lot of things . 
  but there are no longer that many actual catholics in ireland , just ` cultural catholics ' . 
  nevertheless catholicism does inform a lot of opinions , particularly regarding sex . 
  contrary to stereotypes the irish work very hard - but in accordance with stereotypes , they play harder . 
  to many people a feed of pints down the pub does n't constitute ` going out ' . 
  hiberno-english is definitely a dialect . 
  there is an distinctly different set of vocabulary and grammatical constructs in several uses of the language . 
  the extended family is much more important in ireland than it is in most of the uk . 
  it 's not unusual to know most of your second cousins and count them as friends . 
  wherever you go in ireland as an irish person , you will always meet someone who knows a friend of yours - or you . 
  everyone still knows many of their folks songs , and joins in . 
  in the uk we 've forgotten ours . 
  in ireland , corruption is a lot more evident but more people seem to get away with it . 
  the biggest one for me . 
  in ireland , when a stranger walks into a pub with a guitar on his back the patrons will look happy and say `` give us an aul ' tune there '' . 
  uk , a stranger walks into a pub with a guitar on his back - the patrons say `` oh for fuck 's sake , please do n't let that cunt start playing '' . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/apr/08/bosnia-camps-ed-vulliamy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omarska_camp, 
  do n't be an obtuse literalist . 
  oh hang on a minute , we 're on reddit . 
  here we go : `` serbs '' in my post is shorthand for slobodan milosevic 's antagonists . 
  like one might say `` the germans invaded poland '' but we do n't mean defeat each individual german - down to babies and old ladies - invaded poland . 
  `` the germans were nazis '' is also an example of using this form of speech . 
  you know exactly what i meant but you 're just being contrary . 
  thank you for saying what i wanted to say to justify my statement better than i could . 
  all sides did bad shit but milosevic 's guys kicked it off and went way further than ` self defence ' and into blatant expansionism , ethnic cleansing , and genocide in the name of ` greater serbia ' . 
  you do n't get much more nazi than that . 
  one of the few times that i agreed with thatcher , who correctly identified the threat before the war started , and was urging europe to arm the croats and bosnians before the war started , but was ignored . 
  well if you only kill the males , that 's only demicide is n't it ? 
  there was an interview with one of the survivors on bbc radio last night that woke me from my doze . 
  the most chilling description i 've ever heard of what was done to him and his compatriates . 
  from memory , he said that when he was a young man the serb soldiers came to srebrenica , rounding up all men and teenagers . 
  he ran into the forest and hid for two days and two nights . 
  eventually he was found by a serb soldier who told him to give himself up as he would n't be harmed . 
  he was put on a truck with a bunch of other men and driven for a few hours , then his hands were tied behind his back and he was led to a clearing in which there were huge mass graves . 
  the other bosnians from the truck were lined up alongside the pits and shot one by one . 
  sometimes machine-gunned . 
  the man in the interview was shot in the stomach and arm and fell into the pit with the bodies . 
  anyone who appeared to be alive was then shot several times in the head , but he played dead . 
  eventually the serbs left , and he heard another survivor who asked him to untie his hands . 
  it took him several hours to push himself over to the other survivor , and he then untied him and was untied , but then they heard the trucks arriving again and had to pretend to be dead as another wave of people was massacred . 
  one of the subsequent bullets hit him in the foot . 
  eventually the serbs left again and he and the other survivor managed eventually to help each other out of the pit and a few days later made their way through the forest to a safe area . 
  unutterably terrible . 
  there were concentration camps too . 
  these serbs were nazis by another name . 
  i was impressed my last time in the south-east of ireland . 
  i know a couple of people who were unemployed for a couple of years ; one of them started his own business and the other one got a shitty job on night shift in a factory , but it pays the bills . 
  another of my friends had his job hours cut for a few years and was very worried , but he held onto his house and car and eventually found something else that pays a shitload more . 
  things seem to be picking up . 
  just to add to / u/back-in-black 's comment , there was a war of independence in ireland around 90 years ago that decisively concluded that ( the majority of the island of ) ireland was a separate country from the uk . 
  as independent from the uk as france or the netherlands . 
  people from ireland are irish , and people from the uk are british * . 
  but a lot of people never got the memo , hence / u/booleanparity writing `` british assassins '' when they were in fact irish ones . 
  in this case from dublin , the capital of the independent country of ireland , so there really should be no doubt . 
  * the exception here being people from northern ireland who politically identify with the uk and thus identify themselves as british , though in terms of proportion to ireland or the uk they are very , very few . 
  went to berlin for the first time the other day . 
  totally blown away by the place . 
  such a great balance of modern and antique , standard culture and counterculture . 
  great sense of history , even the painful stuff . 
  loved it . 
   british assassins oh dear , you do n't know what you 've done . 
  furthermore g is n't always soft in italian . 
  it 's only a ( english ) `` j '' sound when followed by an i or an e. all other vowels render it as a hard `` g '' , but when it 's followed by an n it 's pronounced `` ny '' ( as in gnocchi - `` nyocky '' ) . 
  yes , because the last anglo-irish banking experience was such a success ... 
  at least galway finally has a motorway to dublin in real life . 
  cornwall , still not so much . 
  omg . 
  i 'm leaving my error because that 's a brilliant riposte . 
  now i 'm wondering if i 'm a native speaker either ... 
   most of us are n't actually bad drivers ... as far as skills are concerned i think there 's something ` lost in translation ' here .
