sure !, 
  i work in construction . 
  i had a few friends who had taken work here and gave me a call to let me know there were a few jobs going ( there 's still plenty of work here . 
  large scale rail works included ! ) . 
  in terms of the * situation * , despite the impression you might get at home , places likes dubai , abu dhabi and doha are actually comparable to a city such as london in terms of safety/terrorist activity/etc . 
  i 'd recommend anyone come out here for a couple of years . 
  a minority of expats decide they want to stay longer and settle , but the lack of tolerance by the state towards alcohol , pork , clothing , pdas , etc , tends to wear people out eventually . 
  still , it 's an interesting place to experience and the salaries are pretty generous . 
  by far the best thing about qatar for expats is the other expats . 
  there 's a really good vibe amongst everyone and it is enjoyable . 
  also , our favourite pass time in qatar us complaining about qatar . 
  i imagine that was true back when you were here and will still be true in another 10 years . 
  expat in qatar for the last 2 years . 
  there is n't a great deal of fun stuff to do here . 
  anyone who would recommend a friend from the west came out here to have fun would be absolutely nuts . 
  also , the expat football league is n't happening this year . 
  they are n't able to source any pitches as aspire have been unable to assist ( dare i say they 've been * un * helpful ) . 
  this is a country that 's about to hold the football world cup and who ca n't even support a league for nearly 200 expats who are keen to play . 
  it 's not all that bad , but i 'm bitter ( following the above ) right now , and i think your message might encourage the uninitiated to come out here with a false idea . 
  the winters must be * really * good for you !, 
  we did ? 
   better nate than lever ... first result : longest joke in the world ? 
  they got ta me immigrating somewhere !, 
  ( i would n't normally go into this much detail , but you seem legally literate so i thought it might be of some interest to you  agreed , although i do n't think it would be in the form of a `` wage stability guarantee '' . 
  for example , this is from a fidic contract , which is a widely used contract out in that part of the world :  the contract price shall be adjusted to take account of any increase or decrease in cost resulting from a change in the laws of the country ( including the introduction of new laws and the repeal or modification of existing laws ) or in the judicial or official governmental interpretation of such laws , made after the base date , which affect the contractor in the performance of obligations under the contract . 
  that is to say , they are n't guaranteeing wage stability . 
  they are simply agreeing in advance to pay any extra that results from relevant modification of the law that occur during the contract period . 
  this is fairly standard for any construction/maintenance contract , regardless if the client is a government or a private coorporation . 
  ~ ~ that 's a good point . 
  i work with construction contracts on a daily basis and , although admittedly i 'm not hugely experienced , i 've never seen anything like that before ... ~ ~ ~ ~ if that had happened in the uk i would be asking serious questions to the politician/s overseeing the project . ~ ~ edit : it is actually common in construction contracts for there to be provision for the client ( in this case i assume the egyptian government ) to compensate the contractor ( veolia ) for any adjustments in legislation that cause the price of work to go up . 
  in this case the legislation affects the minimum wage , so in all probability veolia are entitled to a claim . 
  / u/savannajeff : i do n't think the minimum wage would have been a violation of contract . 
  the client will have been obliged to pay the additional cost to veolia . 
  presumably the client then refused to pay and that is why it 's now in the courts . 
  ( ps , please reply to let me know you got this . 
  i do n't know if or how this tag system works ), 
  i 'm based out in the middle east ... red indicators here . 
  confused me too . 
  tremendous reply . 
  i 've read your article and will look through your links when i 'm home and settled . 
  having read nothing but newspapers and reddit 's circle-jerking it 's nice to finally read some informed discussion from the other side . 
  while i agree that * generally * a company ought to be entitled to compensation , i do believe that in this case a sovereign nation should have a right to freely legislate as benefits its populous , without being held to ransom . 
  i think it 's always been implicit that any company choosing to operate in a country does so at it 's own risk , and can be expected to weigh these risks up for themselves . 
  there again , in the case of the german ** coal ** dispute ( thanks for clarifying that one ) , there was clearly an agenda by the local authority to * specifically * block the construction of the coal plant . 
  from what i remember reading , there was actually evidence of one of the local politicians making a statement that he would do whatever he could to stop the construction happening . 
  this despite contracts having already been signed . 
  while , like you , i consider myself to be a green , and i think it 's clear that his actions were well-intended , this is clearly unacceptable behaviour of a state ( would it fall under the category of corruption ? ) . 
  same goes for that dispute in canada where the state was successfully sued by an american oil firm ( again , sorry for lack of citation , but i 'm sure you know what i 'm referring to ) . 
  this was a more obvious example of corruption . 
  once again you 've enlightened me . 
  cheers jeff . 
  cheers . 
  upvoted . 
  i do n't see how it 's especially biased ( maybe a little on the shitty-side , but many would do worse ) . 
  also , this is one of the more balanced comment pages i 've seen in a long while . 
  they are usually hugely anti-ttip circlejerk ( so i do sympathise with you ! ), 
  just read through most of those comments . 
  ca n't recommend this enough . 
  thanks for posting . 
  thanks for this . 
  i 'm downvoting you until you back that up . 
  then i 'll upvote you . 
  glad to hear a dissenting voice . 
  you seem better informed than most so hope you do n't mind if i throw a quick query at you : * `` they can sue only for compensation , and only on the basis that a government decision is discriminatory against a foreign investor . 
  '' * there are three examples that i 've seen referenced in articles relevant to isdss that i do n't believe involve foreign investor discrimination . ^ 1 in the above quote , are you referring exclusively to the ttip ? 
  ^ 1 sorry , i do n't have the references to hand , but i assume you 've heard of them . 
  the are : 1 . 
  veolia successfully suing egyptian government for raising minimum wage . 
  nuclear firm successfully suing german council for blocking construction of nuclear plant . 
  ongoing dispute in australia by cigarette firm trying to sue australian government for passing law to remove branding from cigarette packages . 
  when it can be reduced so easily ( apparently ) , then yes , i would say it is . 
  tldr for all of the other comments : we have absolutely * no * appetite for was right now in europe . 
  from an american standpoint i do n't actually think your question seemed that ridiculous ... 
  i do n't think they were as formidable as you 've been lead to believe . 
  if i were to boycott fifa ... would i still be able to watch the english premier league , or would that still count ? 
  yeah , thanks for that response . 
  i figured it would be difficult to form a reliable opinion based on the information i 've been getting . 
  so do you believe ukraine can retake donbas ? 
  it seems ( again only an impression ) that it would be an insurmountable task , what with russia 's involvement . 
  is that not the feeling within ukraine ? 
  mmm . 
  i do n't know , but my impression is that the majority of the population in the rebel/russian occupied region sympathise with russia more than ukraine . 
  is this the case ? 
  why particularly donbass ? 
  i agree . 
  it 's the language coming from the kremlin ... * there nothing we can do about it * . 
  the language should be * we are investigating the involvement of russian citizens in the war zone *, 
  i really hope so . 
  what do you think should be done about the region under rebel/russian control ? 
  saudi arabia have made it illegal for their citizens to fight in foreign states ... do n't see why russia ca n't ? 
  yeah . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what methods ( and how effective ) the government will put into place to tackle corruption etc. 
  great response . 
  just what i was looking for , thanks !, 
  7.5 % seems quite modest to me , given that they 've lost more % landmass to russia/separatists ? 
  ah yeah , the * financial collapse * is what i was wondering about . 
  i guess it 's been delayed by the eu bailout ... and then more money to come from imf , etc. 
  hope they hold it together . 
  sorry , i was n't clear . 
  i meant how imminent is the economic collapse .
