bastards !, 
  obama took our sun . 
  it 's more like if germany were to deny the evils of nazism , call it a time of great honour and pride , while invading israel . 
  they 're not mad because holocaust , they 're mad because they 're capitalist scum , brainwashed by media . 
  day after day i am more proud of my german neighbours and their utter civility in dealing with ww2 . 
  can you imagine what europe would be like if the average german was like the average russian ? 
  bullet dodged , +1 . 
  i would n't so much call it ` new lows ' , because it 's a mere continuation of the propaganda goals set last year * ( or 2012 , i do n't recall ) * , initiated during the take-over of the then decently neutral ` russia today ' . 
  now that russia is once again touching down in eastern europe , receiving a massive backlash from the peoples over there , the government needs to come up with a reason for this negative reaction that 's not reality . 
  ` they are nazis ' , ` they are puppets of america ' , ` they are brainwashed by the west ' , needs to become the reality instead of ` we committed genocide ' , ` stalin murdered far more people than hitler ' , ` we oppressed and massacred our way through eastern europe for decades ' . 
  this ` revisionism ' is n't multiple different actions and ideas , it 's one idea . 
  prevent the russian population from realising that the guys running the russian federation were employees and supporters of one of history 's most murderous , oppressive and violent regimes . 
  they 've been quite successful . 
   the fact that norway is almost just as much into the eu as normal eu countries except the lack of official membership and position in the eu parliament ? 
  almost just as much in the eu as normal eu countries , except not in the eu at all ? 
  foreign government asks eu to sanction eu nation . 
  not gon na happen , no not gon na happen !, 
  the eu wants to demolish the current russian government , yes , mainly because they 'd want to demolish any military dictatorship governing a european * ( if you 'd label russians as europeans ) * nation . 
  this is the reason russia 's leaders are so anti-eu , because eu would have russia grow beyond it 's sickly government . 
  their economies are central to the region , fuel many other developments and pave the way for other nations ' economic activities . 
  russia has no such activities , they are miles behind other nations and their economy is resource-based . 
  far less interesting partner and voice of authority . 
  i ** guarantee ** there are about a dozen bunkers in german soil , with a conveyer belt ready to pump out nuclear warheads like hot cakes . 
  * ( so to speak ) *  their economies can grow , certainly , but most of them have had their day in the sun , so to speak . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  there are no national blocks in the european parliament . 
  there 's political blocks , consisting out of multiple national parties . 
  depending on the democratic sways of the russian population * ( how many would vote communist , how many would vote socialist , how many would vote liberal , et cetera ) * they 'd have varying degrees of power . 
  they 'd likely reinforce the epp , gue-ngl and s&d , assuming federalisation is slowed down * ( or they 'd go skeptic ) * , resulting in big hits to alde . 
  -------------------------------------------------- `` no / u/cnthlpbtmknwaccnt , russia would remain a single unit and vote for its own interests only . '', 
  okay , they 'd lose every vote . 
  the european union has over 500 million people , and smaller nations are given more influence per capita . 
  ** tl ; dr yes , russia would be the most powerful nation in the european union democratically , but in the end their political parties would still have to connect with the like-minded parties of other nations to get any real power . 
  yes , they would . 
  they 'd support it on a massive scale . 
  france , the netherlands , germany , great relationships with russia . 
  * ( eastern europe might make things a wee bit difficult though ) * however , if by western europe you mean the uk , then i suppose you 'd be right . 
  though the uk might not have all that big a role in eu proceedings if it 's up to farage & co. . edit : i might 've exagurated it a bit with the ` massive scale ' thing , but i do believe if the russian intend was genuine , we 'd welcome them with open arms . 
  europe is a continent that was , on multiple occasions , absolutely torn apart by war and conflict . 
  the european union 's main goal was to halt these conflicts , bring in peace , and let prosperity flow from this peace . 
  having the biggest war monger nation of the continent inside this fold makes a lot of sense . 
  no longer would european leaders have to bend over backwards to meet with the russians . 
  their political parties would simply have representatives walking around brussels ready to chat . 
  eastern europe might say no at first , but i think if they truly consider the effects with regards to likelihood of aggression / war / economic fighting , they 'd probably sign on . 
  does n't mean they 'd like the russians , it 'd just mean they could call them names to their face , in brussels . 
  russia has 143 million people , not enough to dominate . 
  the belorussians will ditch russia as soon as they 're comfortably in the eu . 
  * ( i think . 
  have spend some time in belarus , their people are not as pro-russian as you might think , and consider there familial bonds to extend no further than kievan rus . 
  ) * these plans will likely stretch a few decades regardless . 
  russia is n't scared , the russian government is scared . 
  why ? 
  because if ukraine is successfully integrated into the european union , it will be the first son of kievan rus to do so , and function as a platform for the eu to begin taking aim at the other two sons , belarus and russia . 
  people tend to ignore that russia is a rather violent military dictatorship - their weakness is their vulnerability to internal democracy movements . 
  i 'd suggest a quick browse through hans-werner sinn 's ` an economic approach to europe 's future ' , viewable [ here ] ( http://mediathek.cesifo-group.de/iptv/player/macros/cesifo/mediathek?content=3106369&amp;idx=1&amp;category=2132967424 ) - [ official site of the conference ] ( http://www.cesifo-group.de/de/ifohome/events/individual-events/archive/2014/spanish-german-dialogue_03022014.html ) he provides some very interesting material . 
  it 's over an hour , so it takes a while , but the quality is very decent and the debate accessible . 
  that 's brilliant !, 
  would be a very solid move , and hopefully respected and supported by the european union , since you could still use some back up . 
  temporary / permanent emu departures are not poor ideas for the struggling nations of the mediterranean . 
  sounds like we 're done , ey ? 
  good day to you sir . 
   welcome to the top 10 list for the stupidest posts on reddit !, 
  - / u/daorks the american totally vouches for me being a top 10 contender though - i do n't think we should be so quick in understating my stupidity . 
  then again , diploma sounds pretty legit . 
  make it a laminated one and we got ourselves a deal . 
  * lebensraum i 'm not talking about killing anyone - i 'm saying that all over the world nations talk about progressing , advancing , moving forward . 
  more often than not , it means adopting western ideas , systems and beliefs . 
  why would we treat the group that brings progress as equals to those that follow said progress ? 
   never mind the europe got to where it is now by robbing the rest of the world of the wealth of its labor and the resources of its land . 
  that 's beyond silly , and shows a significant ignorance as to economics and societal affairs . 
  europe 's contributions are based on the supremacy of its ideas , its philosophies , its science . 
  gathering spices and such has no effect on such matters . 
  you honestly believe russia would be as advanced as it is today without europeans to lead the way ? 
   did the level of corruption in bulgaria change after its eu accession ? 
  - 33.9 % yes , it increased ; 28.81 % no , people in power only simulates measures ; 17.48 % yes , it increased , but only at the highest levels of power ; 11.86 % no , it 's the same ; well that 's fucking horrible , and an utter failure on the eu 's part . 
  that 's the one thing of vital importance we 're supposed to be great at . 
   does russia dictate the policies of bulgaria ? 
  - 81.72 % russia never stopped to ; i 'm going to take that one with a grain of salt . 
  anyways , much thanks - good quality post . 
  you ca n't really cure stupidity though , just make it more docile . 
  what are we talking here - painting , laminated card , notation ? 
  mhh , always kind of considered it a logical follow-up to attained dominance . 
   your responsibility starts and ends at your borders . 
  the west does not own the world nor does it have any right to dictate how it should be run ; i disagree wholeheartedly - there is such a vast disproportion in the contribution of the different peoples of the world regarding progressing the species , i find it ludicrous to limit the european * ( + colonists ) * to its borders . 
  think of just how fundamental the european has been in right about every advance this world knowns . 
  from capitalism to communism , from medicine to psychology . 
  look , you 're from a resource-based economy , your society is so vastly different to that of a knowledge-based one , i highly doubt we can find common ground on this . 
   your hypocrisy in your actions across the developing world particularly highlight how western benevolence and responsibility must be resisted , at all costs . 
  the list of famines , wars , genocides , coups , revolutions , assassinations , invasions , et al instigated by the civilized west in the past 60 years is longer than my arm . 
  a short-sighted , propaganda-ridden statement . 
  the west has committed crimes , yes - they will be addressed , analysed and dealt with going forward * ( as opposed to many other cultures , we do face our failures ) * , but to even consider denying the mindblowing amount of progress this world has gone through by mere copying of the west is an offense to your history . 
  you 're russian , you should be aware of this - the significant advances of your nation often came from the blind copying of a western civilisation , returning to a path of collapse as soon as the west was shunned . 
   you for resource extraction and cheap labor !, 
  jokes on you - we do n't have any resources and we suck at physical labour . 
  those t-shirts are going to suck . 
   chide it and remake it in your image ** this has literally happened several times already . 
  peter the great 's contribution to russia was bringing western thought and skill , shit - even the cccp is based on western ideas . 
  your nation has always risen with the adaptation of the european way , and fallen once it started to shun this way . 
  **  gutted the russian economy and culture . 
  apparently too much of the culture remained , because you 're back to sounding in the next world war .
