what ? 
  we are civilized people we do n't steal public trams or buses !, 
  we steal private ones of course , what kind of fucking casuals do you take us for ? 
  got triggered by a guy who called us `` africa `` so here 's a special christmas tram here in naples http://m.imgur.com/sijekij, 
  depends on where you saw it : both things happen though . 
  fucking finally , i waited all my life to see them cone to pompei, 
  the r/italy discord went nuts when we discovered we won it, 
  you guys left poor eesti alone :(, 
  that sneaky eder is fucking glorious, 
  angelino alfano bitches, 
  the baby demon sounds cooler tho, 
  because the governement hates pineapple pizzas , so it 's impossible to not completely love them, 
  it 's a bitch anywhere in the city really, 
  i 'm trying to guess if that pun was intentional, 
  lord eder, 
  how can people hate iceland?robbie rotten , the euros , and now this.just wow, 
  dio can, 
  `` not make anyone angry '' `` pasta with ketchup '', 
  poland cant into atheism, 
  alaska wtf, 
  an american knows what basilicata is.i can die happily now, 
  apple is trying to learn from the best , i heard they are gon na put some offices in naples, 
  the stereotypes are that you and brazil are just like italy . 
  most people here consider it a bad thing, 
  ah , i see trump is trying to imitate milan 's triple handshake, 
  balkan express is the real deal , they have it at 20 $, 
  they are french, 
  how nice of them !, 
  too soon , also i think it 's because the kits are the same as last year, 
  wait what im a local resident and im still here wtf, 
  ssssh , living here is already a bit awful , let us have our moment of glory, 
  i would n't want to risk being in a place without a bidet either, 
  yeah but before, 
  keep talking , you uncivilised , dirty-ass pleb, 
  they are the ones behind canada though . 
  and canada is behind the pizza who shall not be named, 
  why is poland always the best one on these maps ? 
  the real abomination there are the watermelons and strawberries, 
  god , do n't remind me of that one, 
  too real, 
  a n g e l i n o, 
  money is from a fund made for catastrophes . 
  only a small part is ours, 
  tbf there were other ones about 6 months ago , and i think countries just showed it separately, 
  the irpinian cities were in a similar situation , and they rebuilt them . 
  even with all the scandals . 
  let 's hope, 
  glad to see some hope after that irpinia shitshow in 1980, 
  he has the high ground now, 
  still , it was nighttime , he could have eaten . 
  right ? 
  then again those guys have already lost it, 
  madonna se fa caldo, 
  *** luxury ***, 
  was n't vine dead ? 
  terrone here . 
  thats definitely real, 
  only way id like him, 
  di caprio broke all that made sense in this world . 
  it 's his fault, 
  do labour have the majority ? 
  edit : im an idiot , i meant conservatives, 
  france 's was really good too . 
  one of the two double landlocked countries : land locked contries whose neighbours are all landlocked too, 
  yes , but not on the same level of pineapplers, 
  the years with palermo in b are the one with less instability . 
  zamparini is the key to all of this, 
  united by the hate against pineapple pizza, 
  it 's french politician m\u00e9lenchon adapted for the copypasta lol, 
  it 's been 5 years learning french , basically to meme . 
  ca n't say i wasted them, 
  that 's french too , it means `` thing which '', 
  ironique . 
  as-tu jamais entendu la tragedie de darth melanchoneis le sage ? 
  you mean his projet, 
  is there a swamp near ogre ? 
  lets not forget one of them publicly said he liked pineapple pizza, 
  or worse , the popcorn one . 
  i swear i saw it somewhere around salerno, 
  caserta is a prequel city ? 
  that 's a surprise to be sure , but a very dank one, 
  they voted against us last time , so they switched sides too !, 
  breccia di porta pia is back maddafackas, 
  when rai started broadcasting a series in neapolitan dialect ( gomorra ) they had to put subtitles for anyone not from here . 
  something something 1-2 in nice, 
  president hates pineapple pizza , robbie rotten and lazy town are from there , and they humiliated england . 
  they are the best < 3, 
  if they make the ucl a league wothout finals , benfica will do it, 
  what 's happening ? 
  rai is broadcasting a gabbani interview, 
  france and moldova were the best ones out of the ones that do n't have dancing apes, 
  yeah because it 's lit, 
  it 's really good in the studios version , and it 's not english . 
  also voting because harambe . 
  lol you 're here too , let 's hope we win this and the torino game tomorrow, 
  that 's not harambe that 's a reference of a book stop using those normie memes everwhere, 
  and there 's no iceland here, 
  this uear both favourites are non-english tho, 
  no , the problem becomes that you ca n't sign them . 
  not too sure since i usually do n't do careers in england,
