the vast majority of the colleges in the us are either run by the states or private , so we 're comparing apples to apples . 
  same population to support , different results . 
  at least one , compared to at least 60 in the states . 
  http://www.usnews.com/education/best-global-universities/rankings ft only ranks masters degrees , which are not tertiary . 
  and i have no idea what ki or ee is . 
  it 's based on indicators they use . 
  choose what indicators you want , but i do n't see any in the top 100 for those . 
  no , sadly most swedish universities first appear after around 40-50 in rankings . 
  top 10 is us with a few english , then top 20 brings in the canadians and some french and german , top 30 is where the chinese show up , then top 40 is where the rest of the world begins to emerge . 
  remember in the us you have 50 different governments competing against each other to offer the best education as well as 300 year old private institutions . 
  it has the population of a small to midsized us state , it simply ca n't and does n't compete . 
  sweden simply does not make the list . 
  but it does n't . 
  outside the anglosphere , tertiary education degrees for the large part amount to equal parts jack and shit . 
  like the 9/11 hijackers frequenting strip clubs and hooters ? 
  not masters , but usually you can `` double major '' your bachelors ( he tripled , we really liked partying ) . 
  so you get 2 degrees in 4 years if you plan your schedule right . 
  three bachelors . 
  one in meteorology , one in math , one in agriculture . 
  he liked college a lot , took him 6 years to finally finish undergrad . 
  because his father was trading tens of millions of dollars . 
  his farm was only about 4000 acres because a lot of that was in the mountains so he said he only produced about 5 million in revenue with the farm a year . 
  you also can lose a lot more . 
  futures or forwards ( slightly different things , but generally the same ) lock in a set price for a future purchase , not a non-existance of something . 
  for example , my name 's bob , i own a restaurant chain . 
  i need to have 1 ton of beef a month because i 'm quite popular . 
  i ca n't deal with random price fluctuations so i call tim and jim . 
  tim and jim own a huge cattle ranch , they agree to sell me 1 ton of beef every month because they ca n't deal with random price fluctuations either . 
  so i say , tim and jim , i 'll give you a 10k for a ton of beef to be delivered in february , march , and april . 
  i have just bought 3 forwards ( because its private , not on the exchange , but generally same principle ) . 
  so february comes around , and tim and jim have to deliver 1 ton of beef . 
  they do ( i already paid for it ) . 
  then march comes around and my business tanks , but i already paid for the beef and take its delivery . 
  suddenly , when april rolls around , i do n't need a ton of beef , but i 've already paid for it and its due to me . 
  but my business is sucking and i still have a half ton from last month . 
  so i see the price of beef has gone up to 20k . 
  wow , they lost out on 10k but i ` saved ' 10k rather than buy in real time . 
  but i do n't need the beef , so i sell the `` contract '' for the beef they are going to deliver to john down the street . 
  john gets beef , tim and jim got their original 10k we agreed on , and i make a 10k profit . 
  he has a masters in meteorology , three bachelors in meteorology , math ( statistical modelling was his focus ) , and agriculture . 
  and he grew up on a farm and his father made more money trading futures than his crops out of the ground . 
  i 'm pretty sure its just a few cans of dip and a twelve pack of bud . 
  he 's still a farm boy after all . 
  because he works in south american agricultural futures . 
  he can make lots of money if he can correctly identify if wheat will cost a couple pennies more or less than it actually will . 
  he has a masters in meteorology and a bachelors in both meteorology and math and agriculture . 
  and now he works on wall street . 
  i have my shoes on right now , in my own home nonetheless . 
  i was taught from a young age how to wipe your feet and know when you 're muddy . 
  i 'll wear my dress shoes sure , but i 'll take off my hunting boots . 
  eh , if i 'm coming over for dinner or something , my shoes are staying on . 
  you have a doormat , i know how to use it . 
  it 's because west germany can afford doormats . 
  one of my friends got a meteorology degree . 
  we laughed and said we 'd know him and take him out to dinner when he 's a local celebrity doing the 5pm news . 
  he 's now making 200k + doing modelling for trading firms . 
  he takes us out to dinner . 
  dubya even had higher favorability than obama does in kosovo . 
   bibi should n't walk over a few centuries of american tradition regarding foreign statesmen giving speeches before congress without the acquiescence of the commander and chief ? 
  thats not a tradition . 
  congress often invites speakers just to piss off the president . 
  i worked in a job that depended almost exclusively on poor customers paying a little bit of money that the rich provided the capital investment to start . 
  how exactly would my job not be affected ? 
  i thought it was a party van . 
   would you be ok with killing an unarmed kid just because he broke in your house ? 
  yes . 
  there 's no other reason to break into my house but to do me harm . 
  apply common sense , are they breaking into my house to leave presents under my tree ? 
  no , santa is n't real . 
  whether are not they are armed is irrelevant . 
  and yes , the texas law is mainly focused on people stealing not crops but cattle . 
  i mean the simple fact is `` thief 's live < my life '' when they break into my house . 
  i do n't need a security system , i just have an nra sticker on my car . 
  the 6th says do n't murder . 
  it gives out tons of reasons where killing is acceptable . 
  the bible also chastises those who wo n't defend themselves on many occasions . 
  in fact , here 's a direct bible quote supporting texas 's `` you 're allowed to shoot if its after dark ''  `` if a thief is caught breaking in and is struck so that he dies , the defender is not guilty of bloodshed ; but if it happens after sunrise , he is guilty of bloodshed . 
  jesus says , sell your clothes and buy a sword if you need to  `` but now , he who has a money bag , let him take it , and likewise a knapsack ; and he who has no sword , let him sell his garment and buy one . 
  yeah , you can get a train ticket here too . 
  but they 're in places where they have 1 ) a house , more often than an apartment after a few years , 2 ) a support system , be catholic or mormon and you 'll probably never have a worry in the world but just ask any church for help and they 'll help 3 ) a job ( we do n't have welfare for refugees unless you have kids , then its only for kids ), 
  when you decided you were going to rob someone . 
  because of lewiston , maine . 
  basically ... and theirs lots of medium skilled jobs and trades in those areas . 
  i remember an area on the i81 corridor in virginia about 10 years ago got a few more refugees because a gatorade plant was opening and a paper mill was starting back up . 
  i81 runs through the appalachian mountains , down a valley in the middle , not really anywhere close to anything else at all . 
   is n't a human life worth more than your fucking flat screen ? 
  simplest way to not get shot . 
  do n't threaten someones life and not steal their stuff . 
  when are criminals suddenly not responsible for their actions . 
  and yes , and your insurance goes up . 
  you 're supposed to run unless its fear of serious bodily harm or death though , no getting into fist fights . 
  do n't steal ? 
  in the us , if someone breaks into your house , that 's considered a threat to your life if you 're inside at the time . 
  the us has no concept of `` proportionate force '' its `` fear of death or serious injury '' = `` right to use deadly force '' and everything else = run ( except your house , ca n't expect to run from your house ) . 
  and people make fun of us in texas for being allowed to shoot thieves . 
  well , in america they intentionally dump them in small , non-major cities with small populations similar to the refugees . 
  the goal is the refugees never make up a large part of any population center because we want them to assimilate , not maintain their culture outside of ours . 
  refugees in america only get 60 days of aid and are told to find a job and an apartment asap . 
  churches do most of the refugee work in the us . 
  a lot of countries go different routes with how the want their capitals to be perceived to the world .
