  no other country offers that . 
   if french food would be way above the food from other countries people would eat frogs and snails instead of d\u00f6ner without the need to close down d\u00f6ner stores . 
  i do n't think you realise how much `` french food '' is just `` food '' in so many countries now . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't think about `` french food '' when you dip your kebab fries in sauce that directly comes from the mother sauces for example , or when you have a chocolate mousse . 
  hell , the whole concept of a modern restaurant is french , from the organisation of the kitchen , the vocabulary used for cooking , the service , everything . 
   no , it 's actually pretty great for waiters . 
  they make 50-60 % more through tips than they otherwise would , especially since it 's untaxed . 
  that 's so much bullshit it hurts to read . 
  the average waiter in the us makes 23-24 000 $ a year , [ that 's the bureau of labor statistics data . 
  ] ( https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes353031.htm ) a french [ makes 22 954 $ , ] ( https://www.salairemoyen.com/salaire-metier-4150-serveurs.html ) not including tips . 
  and tips are untaxed in the us ? 
  so you know better [ than the irs that states clearly that above 20 $ a month tips have to be reported ? 
  ] ( https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/reporting-tip-income-restaurant-tax-tips ) and let 's not even get into stuff like social security , health insurance , retirement pensions that are the norm for any waiter in france because your statement will look even more ludicrous . 
  here , one of the thousands of articles written by an [ american waiter saying how shitty they have it . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/sep/08/irs-tax-waiter-tips-automatic-gratuities )  people who get paid in tips in the us do n't want the system to change , they prefer tips because they make more money with tips than they would without them . 
  but stupid europeans still act superior regardless , for whatever reason . 
  europe 's inferiority complex is getting worse and worse . 
  well i actually already covered that above . 
  but yes , we 're all laying in bed in foetal position thinking of how rich waiters in the us are , in their mansions looking down on us . 
  i 'm sorry but i can say with certainty that you 've never been a waiter and you do n't know anyone who is a waiter . 
  i have been , and 2 of my closest friends still are . 
  you absolutely rely on tips , it 's not because we are paid a decent wage that we do n't need them , they make up easily for 15 up to 35 percent of your total salary . 
  and of course it 's free of taxes . 
  it 's pretty damn important and at the end of the day not a single waiter in france leaves without his tips ( usually shared equally between all waiters ) . 
  i know the us system is pretty bad for waiters , but i really want to bang my head on the wall when i see french people explaining you do n't need to tip because waiters do n't need it . 
  it 's not required or mandatory , it 's different . 
  it 's not to blame the uk , but it 's true that it was an interesting development of the crisis that the british government barely reacted and did n't really support a commonwealth member . 
   still new hotels are build everywhere . 
  nope . 
  i `` like '' how the nazi chick is as innoncent as any other chicks , just in the middle casually walking , no bigger than the romanian or the dutch . 
  yeah and no eder in sight this time !, 
   i will speak for you father . 
  i speak for all mediocrities in the world !, 
  i am their champion !, 
  i am their patron saint ... then on his wheelchair among crazies in the asylum where he 's waiting to die . 
   mediocrity is everywhere . 
  i absolve you . 
  i absolve you . 
  i absolve you all !, 
  [ these are literally the last words of the movie ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml_f3av_vwk ), 
  i think the movie amadeus really gave an unfair image of salieri . 
  i loved that movie , and i understand why they had to portray him like this for the sake of the story , but plenty of people with no clue about music now think he was just a loser trying to undermine mozart . 
  even worse , 99,7 % of your prisoners are in jail . 
  so there is something in the climate in north america that makes you more inclined to be violent and put people in jail ? 
  why would use a specific place in the first place ? 
  it 's like taking compton to explain how the whole of the us should be avoided because of gang violence . 
  yeah with the population of strasbourg . 
  but you would n't have singled out strasbourg because it would n't have made sense , would you ? 
   some poles like yourself and a few others, 
  countries are not phone apps , you do n't favour a market that can only reach the potential of the one you already have . 
  sure , you invest in the new market , but you do n't move your chips from one to the other , you bet new ones . 
  i have nothing against poland , it 's a beautiful country and i had a lot of fun there . 
  poles might be a bit cold at first but once you befriend them they are great people . 
  i do find ridiculous though some poles like yourself and a few others in this sub that are completely delusional about where their country stands on the map of the world or the eu and have a very , very short memory of their own history . 
  you 're acting like you 're an international powerhouse that does n't need anybody and it is both kind of funny and irritating for your neighbours . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  you 're talking about potential , i was just replying to op 's comment stating v4 market alone is as big as france 's , which is false . 
  besides , your comparisons are ... weird . 
  at best the v4 can reach the same purchasing power and gdp than france , it would not overtake it or at least not significantly . 
  it makes no sense to favour a market that can potentially grow bigger over a market that has already filled its potential . 
  v4 market can only catch up at best . 
  good , you 'll join russia and be finally the economic and cultural powerhouse you think you can be . 
  everybody behold , poland is becoming again the great power it never was !, 
   v4 market alone is as big as france v4 population is roughly the same as france . 
  purchasing power and gdp ? 
  not even close . 
  did we force anybody in ? 
  ca n't anybody leave at any time ? 
   name just one incident [ sure . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-finland-russia-iduskcn1270id )  may be we have such . 
  but such you 'll never see . 
  these are happening at deep underground headquarters  `` you 're a psyschopath ! '', 
  `` maybe , but i do everything in my basement lololol '', 
   like reviving old empire ? 
  i would n't call it retarded just visionary  i 'm sure you fully agree with visionary putin 's minions who want to recreate their empire then , because you have a special place in their heart . 
  a great book especially , forsyth is an amazing writer . 
  got ta give credit where it 's due . 
   another instance where it worked was for the concorde supersonic plane which was deemed unsafe and untrustworthy by the americans and the british and obviously this had no basis on reality ; in the end the plane was banned from landing in these countries . 
  holy shit you 're dumb , the concorde was made by the british too ... and it was operated as much by british airways than by air france . 
  i did n't know this level of ignorance could be reached . 
  ca n't believe you had to actually say it . 
  no , for the uk . 
  we played a double-game in the falklands war , but provided substantial help to the british . 
  the harbours he 's talking about were in west africa and were quite essential for the british fleet . 
  [ a good bbc article that explains it , ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-17256975 ) with former uk defence secretary sir john nott who both describes france as britain 's `` greatest ally '' in the falklands but also the french as duplicitous people . 
  love/hate relationship will never change !, 
   british navy personnel around the globe donned black armbands to mark the lamentable day . 
  mock funerals were staged . 
  that 's hilarious !, 
   the navy is taking steps to tackle binge drinking after the shooting of a commander on a nuclear powered submarine by a drunken colleague , the government has said . 
  that 's crazy . 
   the hearing had previously heard that donovan had drunk 20 pints of cider and lager , cocktails and double vodkas in the 48 hours before he was put on a guard duty with the sa80 rifle . 
  that 's a mix of both . 
   and creating a blatantly false rhetoric of an entire 's regions ' views of western european hardware , because of like 3 trolls in / r/europe does ? 
  do you not at all see the hypocrisy in your statement just now ? 
  i said eastern europeans , you are the one who think i was pointing out every single newborn , men and women east of germany . 
  i was just replying to a comment on reddit for ffs ...  after russia violated the budapest memorandum and invaded a former warsaw pact nation ? 
  when germany was pressing hard to reduce sanctions on russia , effectively letting russia do what it wanted to a former vassal state ? 
  no , i do n't think it 's acceptable in the eyes of a lot of the eastern european citizens i 've met and interacted with . 
  it 's viewed as complicit appeasement of a nation that threatens their national security on a monthly basis ...
