  then it middle school there is a bit more french than basque , but it 's still a billingual teaching . 
   are there any media in those languages ? 
  yes , although they 're obviously local media , but there are plenty . 
  tv channel euskal telebista has an office in bayonne and broadcast in the spanish and french part of the basque country . 
  there is even france 3 euskal herri , which is a local antenna of the state-owned france t\u00e9l\u00e9visions , that has programs in basque ( again , with public money ) . 
  they also have it in alsace , britanny and corsica in the respective local languages . 
  and there are dozens of radios , hundreds of websites across the country in regional languages . 
  i should add that most of them get public subsidies , like the rest of the media do in the country . 
  again , i 'm not saying this is a perfect world for regional languages . 
  there are plenty or problems and i think there is plently to do to protect them . 
  but in this sub , it seems than whenever the topic comes up , people rush to explain that french people hate regional languages and basically attack whoever practice them . 
  in classrooms in britanny 70 years ago ? 
  oh yes , and that is i believe a shameful part of the history of my country . 
  but now , it 's quite ludicrous to claim there is an oppression of people practising their regional language . 
  just to be clear i 'm not talking about you , we 're debatting and it 's always interesting to discuss this kind of matter , but the `` let-me-tell-you-about-your-country '' attitude i saw in some threads on this topic can be quite irritating sometimes . 
  yes , some anonymous people on reddit . 
  in person , i doubt you 'll encounter many . 
  go the r/france and talk to people there , no one will tell you `` occitan does n't exist '' or that regional languages/dialects should be forbidden . 
  as i said , i was born and raised in paris , and i 've never seen any . 
  i do n't deny what successive governments did especially in the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century , they definitely tried to `` kill '' all these languages to impose french as the unique language of the country . 
  but again , you 'll have a hard time finding people who are upset because names of town are written both in basque and french , or breton and french , or that 2 corsicans are speaking their language in ajaccio . 
  and to take again the example of occitan , [ here is the link to the bachelor degree program . 
  ] ( http://www.univ-montp3.fr/occitan/ ) for information , it 's not a private school , but a public university , who is financed by public funds . 
  it 's an odd thing that we apparently all want to destroy these languages but have programs to learn it with public money , is n't it ? 
  i 'm french and i 've never met anyone who has anything against regional languages , quite the opposite actually . 
  i 'm from paris and a good friend of mine is from aix-en-provence in the south east , he has a bachelor degree in occitan and everytime he mentions it , people find it `` so cool '' and `` so interesting '' . 
  do n't mistake some decision-makers in national institutions who do n't go out of paris with french people . 
  hello master-troll , i bow before you and ignore your bait . 
  may the troll be fed . 
  please continue your masterpiece in this sub . 
  that is my experience as well , americans can be * too * polite indeed . 
   like , why would i greet someone when i come into the store , either ? 
  hahaha , that is typically french indeed , it happens to me as well sometimes to get in a store and just say `` excusez moi , vous avez ... '' and before i can finish my sentence i get a passive-agressive `` bonjour ? '' . 
  but i was more talking about accosting someone on the street . 
  well , people asking for directions in the us surely start with a `` excuse me , do you know ... ? '' . 
  sure americans have different codes than us , but they are very polite , as i said it happened only once . 
  for the tap water , it was for an airbnb , and i honestly had people for 20 different nationalities and only this woman asked me that . 
  i mean , really ? 
  no drinking tap water in paris ? 
  in a small village i could understand , but in the most touristic city in the world it 's very odd to ask this . 
  but again , these 2 were really the exceptions . 
   it is because 500 dollar in sweden is worth a whole lot less than 500 dollar in poland . 
  indeed , it 's a very good point a lot of people seem to miss with this kind of data . 
  the cost of manufacturing is also extremely important , this should be taken into account as well . 
  the uk or france produce a lot of their own weapons , but at a higher cost than russia for example . 
  you really met americans telling you this ? ... 
  parisian born and raised , i got asked directions/informations by american tourists 100 times , i 've never experienced this . 
  i 've had one jumping on me without a greeting asking me `` where is the closest mcdonald 's ??? '', 
  ( seriously ) , a woman asking me if it was safe to drink tab water , but all the others are very respectful and well-behaved people . 
  they 're way down the list of the most obnoxious tourists for me . 
  i think brits have a bad reputation is some countries like spain or greece because of the packs of youngsters going there to get shit faced , but we do n't have those in france and brits are definitely not seen as bad tourists . 
  you should buy some cr\u00e9mant , a lot are better than champagne . 
   all french wines are overpriced though . 
  that 's something that baffles me when i travel ( i 'm french ) . 
  even in london , not exactly a far-away exotic destination , french wines are overpriced . 
  and i do n't mean good ones , but shitty ones that cost 3 $ here can easily reach 20 # there . 
  and outside of europe it 's even worse . 
  i spent a semester in south korea , and i always bought chilean or argentinian wines for they were the only affordable . 
  they were very good , but i find it sad that normal french wine is too often only for posh people ready to pay an absurd price for a basic product . 
  the crusades man , never forget to mention the crusades at some point , it explains everything apparently . 
  please , tell me again when we bombed tunisia , where the guy who killed 84 people in nice was from . 
  and tell me when we bombed brussels , where abdeslam was from . 
  oh and coulibaly , who slaughtered jews in a supermarket , can i have an article about the time we bombed his home town , juvisy-sur-orge ? 
  i see what you mean , the sentence `` many french citizens sympathized with mrs. prieur '' is very vague though . 
  but it 's true the agents were not punished and even got promoted . 
  i think the logic behind this as you said is that they followed orders properly . 
  utterly stupid orders , but they 're not paid to have opinions . 
  so in this context , they did a good job . 
  obviously for the general public like you and i , it 's weird , but for the army it 's how it works . 
   though quite a few of the agents were promoted really ? 
  if you have a source for that i 'm interested . 
  again , totally agreed that france majorly screwed up and acted in a completely shameful manner on this . 
  accent failure in the copy/pasta of the title , but nice attempt . 
   the perpetrators were hailed as heroes upon their return to france . 
  i agree with the rest of what you said , but this is totally wrong . 
  along with the ministry of defence , the chief of the dgse resigned , and the agents were definitely not considered as heroes , but as stupid tools . 
  i mean , 2 of the highest officials resigning and the agents were hailed as heroes when they got back ? 
  where did you get this ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious , because here the rainbow warrior story is told as one of the most shameful episode of our recent history . 
   check out mali where they did n't care about human shields . 
   also if i remember correctly , few decades ago they blew up environmental activist ship ... 
  in a middle of ocean . 
  you do n't remember correctly , [ you 're talking about the sinking of the rainbow warrior , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_of_the_rainbow_warrior ) probably the most infamous failure of the dgse ( french secret services ) . 
  they sunk the ship that belonged to green peace who was protesting nuclear tests in the pacific . 
  sadly , the ship was not empty as the agents thought and a photographer died . 
  the ship was in the harbour , and it 's not like it was a small story , it was huge in new zealand and france , with the ministry of defence resigning . 
  i really do n't know where you got the whole `` the french do n't care about civilian casualties '' thing . 
   define violent . 
  slaughtering dozens of random people on the street , in concert venues or near football stadiums . 
  but of course you 'll reply with an essay on the definition of violence troughout history with multiple stupid comparisons like romas stealing a wallet being a form of violence , ending up with an open question like `` what really is violence afterall ? '', 
   maybe you should be more precise and say terrorists or something like hate crimes against the local population . 
  because of course non muslim foreigners are violent sometimes or involved in crime . 
  as of course are various locals . 
  in france , literally 100 % of the terrorists attacks and all the victims are the result of islamism . 
  it 's not * `` hate crimes against the local population '' * , it 's locals mass-killing other locals in the name of their ideology . 
  we 're not talking about crime or violence like a robbery , or someone being stabbed for a cigarette , we 're talking about terrorism . 
  thing is , we took millions of people in . 
  from very very different cultures than ours , from very different origins . 
  we welcomed muslims and still do , they can build mosques , practice their religion , etc , etc. . . 
  yet , they are the only one doing these horrendous things .
