   you can be gay in the arab world but you have to live completely undercover . 
  [ amazingly , it can be ** easier ** to be gay in strict countries like saudi arabia . 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2007/05/the-kingdom-in-the-closet/305774/ ) since just to be alone with a girl on the street means the religious police is going to arrest you , and it 's almost impossible to have sex before marriage , 2 men on the street or a guy going to another man 's house is not considered suspicious and gay life flourishes . 
  i really recommend the read , it 's very surprising . 
  oh ok , cheers for clarification . 
   `` socialism : a political and economic theory of social organization which advocates that the means of production , distribution , and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole . '', 
   please point me at a single product within the eu which is not regulated . 
  til goldman sachs is a socialist company that makes money in wall street , a famous socialist hub of the regulated ( remember , everything regulated is socialist according to your definition ) socialist financial sector . 
   i do not agree with the oecd rankings random redditor who does n't understand the basic concept of socialism vs oecd ... who is the most trustworthy ? 
   interest rates are lower on us government debt . 
  but you are aware of this . 
  [ no it 's not . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/country-list/interest-rate ) but i 'm sure you 're aware of this because you checked first instead of looking like an idiot . 
   see ` socialism ' and try again . 
  lol, 
  ok , but only a polar bear flavoured snickers , or i 'm on strike . 
  wtf with the families from canada and greenland having `` polar bear '' as their favourite food ?!, 
  is it even legal ? 
   this guy spent several years in here and he did n't learn or understand anything , that 's an achievement . 
  i do n't believe for a second he set a foot in europe or outside of the us . 
  that 's true , there are plenty of nice educated americans coming to europe , no need to bring the idiots . 
  i used to challenge people like op 's family , but i kind of grew tired of it . 
  if anything , i find it sad people can convince themselves that such bullshits are true . 
  by the way , i do n't know what you think but i do n't believe for a second the blogger who wrote the article he shared spent a day in europe . 
   the eu and many of the economies within it are socialist . 
  no country in the eu is socialist . 
   the standard of living within the eu is lower than the us , while the tax rates are much higher . 
  [ not really , countries like denmark or sweden rank higher than the us . 
  ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/#/11111111111 )  in addition they are not sustainable as debt by % of gbp has grown massively in the past two decades . 
  the us has a higher debt by % of gbp than most european countries . 
  in december 2015 , the us was at 104.17 % . 
  to give a comparison , france was at 96.10 % , the uk at 89.20 % , germany at 71.20 % and spain 99.20 % . 
  by your logic , spain has a more sustainable economy than the us . 
   unemployment is a regular feature in most eu countries , but it is particularly pronounced in the most socialist of the countries . 
  in countries like spain and greece , youth unemployment is as high as 50 % + spain and greece are nowhere near being socialist countries . 
  for the youth unemployment rates , i must congratulate you for getting one correct figure . 
  those kind of people never set a foot outside their country and never will , they keep reading insane articles like op shared to feed their confirmation bias . 
  unless they are dragged in europe to actually see how things are , there is no way you can convince someone as ignorant as this . 
  op , on the other hand , seems eager to learn about what is really going on . 
   i always thought . org type sites to be pretty safe . 
  [ oh that was a safe assumption , ] ( http://stupid.org/ ) anything . org is always [ totally legit ] ( http://www.911truth.org/ ) and [ based on facts ] ( https://answersingenesis.org/ ) so i completely understand your feeling . 
  it actually started as a joke , and mugabe did n't send observers , [ but russia and albania actually sent some to monitor mid-terms elections in florida . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2002/oct/31/usa.russia ), 
  [ you have similar laws banning face-covering in many states in you 're own country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-mask_laws#united_states ) , you should learn about that before lecturing other countries about `` freedom '' . 
  the 4th one is just brilliant . 
   laugh huh , you laugh when manuel valls does neoliberal policies that actually work to spur growth ? 
  deregulation , reforming social spending and lowering taxes would in general be beneficial to france and the whole of europe . 
  if you want to see the problem in france look at the change or lack thereof since the financial crisis ( that goes for other countries too ) . 
  that was not what i was discussing at all . 
   i have always chuckled when i 've read western neoliberals attacking france this . 
  as a french who reads a lot the english-speaking press , some articles just baffle me . 
  if you do n't know anything about france , it 's described as a third world country on the brink of being a failed state . 
  no one here is denying we 're having major structural problems and that we need reforms , but the agressiveness of some journalists towards france in the telegraph or the mail to name a few is just ridiculous sometimes . 
  i do n't think you know what libertarian means ... 
  anyway i 'm against the law as well , i just ca n't stand the cgt and their methods . 
  the first union that represents about 2 % of the workers in the country . 
  and you know who has twice the amount of members of the socialist party ? 
  the french ping-pong federation . 
  they are still irrelevant , but unlike the cgt , they are not completely rotten and do n't spend over 150k to renovate the office or their president or do n't make their employees sign 184 cdd in the row while blackmailing newspapers to publish their opinion . 
  wow you 've been doing that for at least a year !, 
  well for this one yes , but i 've seen several threads where people took him seriously and furiously replied to him . 
   the court has no power . 
  it has . 
  it 's very limited , but they have the power of settling a dispute based on outdated religious beliefs . 
  now there is a precedent , wait for their next request . 
  yes absolutely , i know some french companies who do some really bad shit abroad they would get destroyed for in france or in the eu . 
  man it 's really too bad most people know you now , it was a lot funnier to read the angry replies to your comments . 
  i really ca n't get my head around the fact some brits like you accept to have a side justice system , even worse a religious one . 
   there is a widely held belief on this subreddit european companies are somehow more moral . 
  what op said was completely stupid , and i would definitely not say european companies are more moral , though i think this is fair to say they have to follow stronger regulations than in the us , like in the food industry . 
   that 's certainly a benefit compared to the u.s. 460 $ is really low though , is that in addition to a salary or is it what you get when you are unemployed ? 
  it 's the minimum you get as a single unemployed person that can not claim unemployement benefits . 
  you can get a fraction of it if you have a very low salary , then you have of course multiple subsidies if you have kids , to help pay your rent , etc. . .  it 's not mandatory in any of the nordic countries . 
  people that are not part of a union tend to get the same working conditions as those who are in one however . 
  mostly because the employers do n't feel like having different contracts for their employees . 
  you do hear stories of employees getting pressured to join unions by their fellow colleagues however . 
  having a union membership can have benefits as the membership fee is tax deductable in addition to member getting special deals on insurance , loans etc. 
  interesting because it 's roughly the same in france . 
  our unions are really bad . 
  ah ok , i see what you mean . 
  no , but closer , voici or public are very much tabloids and they sell a lot more than some of the most famous magazines . 
  or maybe , just maybe , publishing the article would have mean endorsing the cgt , a union that was blackmailing them . 
  i really do n't think you understand what the cgt is in france and how it is perceived , in the left and in the right . 
   we do n't have tabloids are you kidding me . 
  we should build a wall to keep out those socks-and-sandals people . 
  that reminds me of an english lad a couple months ago , i was in my usual bar in paris and he asked the bartender for a desperados ( the beer ) with such a heavy accent that i had to intervene after the third attempt to translate . 
  not that we are any better , the classic for me is : `` dou you ave fire pliz ? 
  `` bien s\u00fbr '' `` aw dou you no am french ?! '', 
   think rationally : if the newspapers would publish their opinion , there would be no reason to go on strike . 
  if they would n't ( even so-called leftist newspapers like liberation ) , there 's an example of a lack of free speech , just like there is in greece . 
  there is nothing rational about what you said . 
  nuit debout and all the movements opposed to the loi travail had a massive coverage in left-wing media online and print . 
  the reason this movement itself is so big is because they have a lot of media support since day 1 . 
  they 're on strike because the government does n't want to stop pushing for the law , not because newspapers do n't want to publish their opinion . 
  also you seem to conflate cgt and all workers on strike or opposed to the reform . 
  the cgt is a rotten union with less than 700k members out of 30 million workers . 
  they are disliked by a vast majority of people . 
   if media in france are anything like media in greece , they 're all condemning the strikes ( about the loi travail , that is ) and are n't offering the strikers any way to express their opinion . 
  well , it 's not then . 
  and l'humanit\u00e9 would have published the article anyway , they just blackmailed the other newspapers who did n't bend .
