  and if you 're running away for the police , the first thing they do is to run your name in interpole database so you 'll just end up in jail . 
  for minor crimes it depends , but this is a myth that the legion accepts former or on-the-run criminals . 
  that was not symbolic at all . 
  and we were still very much part of nato , not part of the integrated military command , that 's very different . 
  source ? 
  sometimes i think we 're having a secret contest with italians and spanish to see which one can be the worst in english . 
  can you imagine that according to these maps , the creature coming from a french-portuguese union would be covered with hair , smells awful and be miserably poor ? 
  i think we should not mate for the sake of humanity . 
  * `` there are no snakes in ireland '' * is also [ a short story by the english writer frederick forsyth . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_comebacks ) it 's one of my favourite ever and the whole collection is great . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to say , i agree with you all along , my point was just that rewriting history with `` ifs '' is a bit pointless . 
  yeah i know , and if de gaulle had been in charge since the beginning we would have won the war blablabla . 
  we have a saying in french : `` with `` ifs '' we could fit paris in a bottle '' . 
  again , that 's easy to rewrite history ... 
  there is already strong cooperation between british and french armies . 
  we 're already heading towards a french-british army . 
  i do n't think france should lead or the british lead the navy , that should simply be a joined command , with other countries contributing depending on their capabilities . 
  interesting , i must say that i did n't think that was anywhere representative of german 's public opinion , just thought that in this context that was quite ludicrous to make such a claim . 
  clearly , i ca n't get my head around this . 
   `` german security policy has relevance -- also far beyond our country , '' the paper states . 
  `` germany is willing to join early , decisively and substantially as a driving force in international debates ... to ** take responsibility and assume leadership '' . 
  ** i find this incredibly arrogant to claim germany should take responsability and lead an eu army . 
  france and the uk have been by far the main military powers , building their power over decades , have nuclear capability , very active abroad but germany , that reluctantly gave a minor contribution in all the last conflicts and literally no projection power would lead ?!!!, 
  let 's talk about it again in a few decades . 
  it 's just not the same , if the us withdraws from nato there is no nato anymore . 
   a lot of the question is why france did nothing beside declaring till the invasion of france as it 's considered a bad decision for france too . 
  well there are not a lot of questions , the french general staff was convinced the maginot line will keep us safe and did n't want to invade germany because they feared this would end up in trenches for years like wwi . 
  it was obviously a major mistake , but hey it 's easy to rewrite history decades later . 
  exactly , they wonder `` why '' we 're important , suggesting they think otherwise ... 
   surely , the real problem is that most people are n't keen on paying to get their news , therefore newspapers just have the ads revenues which can be enough to subscribe to big agencies reports , but not enough to pay proper journalists . 
  people do n't seem to understand that `` free '' can not possibly means `` quality '' . 
  things are changing slowly though , and people realize slowly that it might worth it to pay a few bucks to have quality news cf. 
  just a little thing , this is n't a copy-pasta , yahoo and other media pay a shitload of money to the afp ( and other big agencies like reuters ) to be able to publish their reports . 
  that 's a reason why journalism sucks today , everybody is buying and publishing the same articles from press agencies and smaller media outlets just basically rewrite them because they do n't have the budget to afford them . 
  i had to do it for a small website , and believe me it sucks for everybody . 
  if a website just did a copy-pasta of an afp report without paying they would basically shut down the next day . 
   understand that to get us ever on board it is not enough to say `` yeah it will be defensive in nature '' . 
  we will need black on white exact treaties and decisions . 
  iron tight ones . 
   so yeah , we will need a new definition , a long and exact one in a treaty , with your seals and head of states signature under it . 
  i understand that , and it 's a perfectly reasonable demand . 
  it 's obvious to me that an eu army would have a very strict definition of its mission , signed and ratified by all members . 
  because an eu army would be there to defend the integrity of the eu territory , period . 
  france 's foreign policy is irrelevant in this . 
  or do you think we would go to slovakia or finland and start kidnapping kids to drop them in irak to fight ? 
  so you think an eu army would have the neocon bush mentality ? 
  do you realise how hated this kind of vision of the world is among eu countries ? 
  an eu army would be defensive as it would defend the sovereignty of the eu territory , so no member state would ever experience something like crimea . 
  period . 
  if an eu army is created , there is absolutely no way it could function beyond a defensive mission . 
  most countries would never agree to an intervention in foreign countries , the idea is just getting back our sovereignty from nato and be able to defend ourselves . 
   aggressive wars are frequently painted as defensive . 
  such as ? 
  so because bush 's neoconservative madness an eu army will also make up a new definition of `` defence '' and start invading foreign countries after lying at the un with fake reports ? 
  nice example you took by the way , a war opposed by germany and france , the 2 members that would be the largest contributors of an eu army . 
   i do n't trust german/austrian/scandinavians politicians to be brave enough to quickly allow an intervention or a military operation . 
  they come from countries in which the political climate opposes foreign military interventions . 
  an eu army would be defensive . 
  and fyi , germany decided in january 2016 to send 650 soldiers in mali for peacekeeping missions . 
   if all of europe had had a say in the iraq war , we would have had to invade their country as well . 
  with germany and france opposing it ? 
  because we both opposed it . 
  and without france and germany , an eu army would do nothing . 
  yes , an eu army would have very strict prerogatives . 
  it would be a completely defensive one . 
   i also think a lot of people are overestimating the amount of power the president has . 
  and i think you underestimate the influence of your president in your country 's image abroad . 
  for the next four years at least , the image of your country will be damaged like never before . 
  because if there is one power a us president has , it 's on foreign policy . 
  and most people do n't care about internal us politics , they care about what you do in other countries . 
  this is what they will remember from trump . 
   and what can the parlament do , besides say no ? 
  again it can not set any tone ... 
  i 'll let you learn what an amendment is . 
   have you heard of separation of powers though ? 
  means different bodies have different powers . 
  yes , one has the power to make the unsername low_discrepancy illegal , the other can submit the bill that make it illegal . 
  i 'm sure you 'll vote in the presidential election thinking you elect your king . 
  jospin , a socialist , became premier ministre because without the parliament , the president has no power . 
  i do n't have to explain anything else . 
   again 90 % of the laws are n't initiated by the parliament . 
  the govt sets the tone on how the country will be run in the next 5 years . 
  and if the government does n't have the majority , it ca n't do anything . 
  the government can try to set the tone , but if it 's not followed by the parliament it 's done . 
  because parliament has far more power than the president , countries where it 's the opposite are called dictatorship , you might have heard of it . 
   they basically just approve or disprove . 
  who sets the budgets ? 
  who sets the main goals ? 
   parliament just gives the go ahead . 
  mps do n't just give `` the go ahead '' , by having the power to approve it they have the real power . 
  the government can not set a budget that does n't satisfy mps , they have to comply by what they want or not . 
  it 's like saying the intern who wrote a report for the ceo has the real power , because the ceo only approves or disproves it . 
  sounds ridiculous right ? 
   yes when is vastly more important and it 'll span decades into the future of the country . 
   the other we do every 5 years , twice . 
  i 'm not sure i understood you . 
   that 's normal . 
  it 's the second most important election . 
  popularity drops off . 
  election fatigue sets in .
