   this word does n't have any pejorative nature in most of continental europe . 
  you can say that for poland or central/eastern europe , where there is not a single black guy and no colonialism or slavery past . 
  go say `` negro '' on tv in britain , germany or france and it 's a big fucking deal , hence it makes international news when an unknown minister does it here . 
  it 's not the same than in the us but it 's still highly pejorative to use it . 
  the us is one country , and one of the most homogenous in the world . 
  only americans think that having black people ( who 's ancestors have been in this country since the foundation for the large majority ) count as being diverse . 
  your immigration population is similar to what we have in western europe . 
  [ your foreign-born population per capita is less than what switzerland , austria , ireland , slovenia , sweden , belgium , norway and spain have . 
  ] ( https://data.oecd.org/migration/foreign-born-population.htm ) stop thinking you 're a special snowflake , the us was the land of immigration a century ago , your society has nothing incredibly different from the rest of the developed world now . 
  ok , but it still does n't make his point valid . 
  does n't matter how populous and large the us is , every singe thing he said applies to other countries . 
  someone who lives in a village in normandy never heard a gunshot whereas it 's a common occurrence in the northern discricts of marseille . 
   if you stick to the decent areas ( away from inner city or border drug areas ) you 're very unlikely to ever be a victim of violence . 
  tell me a country where it 's not the rule please ? 
  what you said is true for every country on this planet . 
  also , i do n't understand why americans always bring up that their country is a federation like it 's something special . 
  germany , austria , belgium , switzerland to name a few have a similar system . 
  but it 's not the same case at all . 
  it has nothing to do with the us prosecution . 
   europe is shorthand for the eu in this sub , and you know that . 
  it 's not . 
  i do n't know where you got that . 
   and yes , switzerland is not part of the eu , but many criminal acts took place on eu soil . 
  it did n't . 
  that 's why the arrests have been made in switzerland and the us collaborated with the swiss and not the eu . 
  he also seems to mix europe with the eu . 
  fifa is based in switzerland which is not part of it . 
  but , you know , details . 
  plenty of war criminals are executed or jailed for life . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  it 's an argument based on common sense . 
  you apparently do n't have any . 
  i do n't need evidence , people who murdered or helped murdering innocent people in the name of their religion should n't even be subject of a potential rehabilitation . 
  there is no coming back from what they did . 
   there is no reason to believe that a specific type of offenders is immune to rehabilitation by default . 
  i like how you chose the term `` offenders '' . 
  it seems we 're talking about guys who stole a old lady 's purse . 
  no , there is no rehabilitation possible for people ready to kill dozen of people randomly on the street . 
  if you think otherwise , you 're part of the problem we face today and you should seek mental treatment . 
  let 's start a #boobsforjihadists movement . 
  the denying is strong here . 
   how minorities were treated in his country . 
  they were actually fairly treated ( except the kurds ) , that 's what they 're all saying and why they 're fleeing now . 
  nice to see a local traditional pasta maker like barilla defending american wheat . 
  it 's just that now they are included within the supermarkets ( not just a meat department , a proper butchery ) . 
  but people working there are employees and of course they do n't buy meat to small producers . 
  sad to hear that . 
  although we 're fine with fresh bread , it 's happening a lot to other small businesses such as butcheries or fisheries . 
  big supermarkets took over , especially in the country . 
  true , but the real problem is the quantity of corn syrup added everywhere in food in the us . 
  and also , [ there are crappy stuff in corn syrup , like chloralkai that contains mercury . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-mark-hyman/high-fructose-corn-syrup_b_4256220.html ), 
  well it depends where you 're from , in france you can still get fresh bread at every corner . 
  it 's also true in germany and other countries if i 'm not mistaking . 
  what happened in belgium ? 
  i edited my previous post . 
  you completely oversimplify eu relationships , this is not france + germany vs the uk . 
  and assuming an eu turkey would just be an ally of the uk against france and germany is a big stretch as well , especially considering turkey needs the approval of everybody to join anyway . 
  edit : it seems you 're right , and uk top politicians have been supporting turkey joining the eu in the past . 
  however , i still stand on my point this has nothing to do with counterbalancing germany and france . 
  turkey was never even remotely close to join the eu , and it 's all politics and diplomatic relations strategy between the uk and turkey . 
  i highly doubt a majority of british was ever in favour of it as well . 
  [ the uk is absolutely not pro turkey joining the eu , ] ( https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/652822/cameron-warned-turkey-eu-membership-catastrophic-for-britain ) and your argument about population size makes no sense since the uk and france have roughly the same ( 64.1 m for uk and 66m for france ) . 
  that 's not even possible , only our italian cousins could say something like that . 
  germans are not arrogant enough , it 's a latin thing . 
  it 's never enough when it comes to alcohol . 
  no belgian police officer died , 3 belgians and a french only suffered small injuries . 
  man i 'm gon na stop there as well , you ca n't even read an article and get this simple fact straight and you think you can explain how it went down and how they should have acted . 
  learn to read and come back . 
  here 's a reality check for you . 
  they made hundreds of routine searches like this with no problems . 
  they did n't go on for an afternoon walk on this one , they were fully armed and killed one of the terrorists . 
  do n't you fucking understand that you have different levels of security for operations and that it was a perfectly honest assumption that no one was living in a flat with no running water or electricity ? 
  i swear american teenagers giving their `` expert '' opinions on stuff like this are the worse . 
  they were not raiding anything , they were just checking if anyone was there . 
  is it so hard to understand ? 
   it does n't take a ton of resources to have a guy or 2 watch the apartment for a day or 2 , or get a camera or something in the area . 
  multiply that by a few hundreds or even thousands and it does . 
  it was a routine check , and i do n't know if you followed the news recently , but it is fucking routine to deal with potential terrorists . 
  ok fair enough , i see what you mean , since we 're in r/europe i assumed you meant the effect of hollywood propaganda on europeans and how they viewed the us . 
  i agree people have a very different image of the us depending on where they come from and what they have been exposed to . 
   this kind of stuff may be obvious living inside the us for several years , but a foreigner only sees what we export , the `` brand '' if you will . 
  hollywood rarely depicts multiculturalism , social diversity , poverty , etc that happens in daily life . 
  yeah , here in europe we clearly never hear about your gun violence , racial tensions , police brutality , nsa spying or extreme poverty in ghettos . 
  and no hollywood movie would ever be about this problems , it 's only rainbow and flowers . 
  here in france media reported how merkel basically negotiated with erdogan all alone without including any other european member and what it meant for eu diplomacy . 
  basically french diplomats ( and the rest of the eu diplomats ) are so pissed that they all want to make her pay for this . 
  i do n't know what the response will be but i 'm pretty sure there is gon na be some backlash . 
  interesting , because as a french with an italian girlfriend , i can assure that our coffee is shit compared to what is served in italy . 
   i 've just remembered that wine is not considered alcohol in spain does n't surprise me that much , wine has a special status in france too and some mps try regularly to pass a bill that would exempt wine from the restrictions on advertisement and alcohol . 
  wine lobbies in france , spain and italy have a huge power . 
   the wine from chile 's cono sur company will only be advertised at promotional events held when the race briefly enters switzerland , andorra and spain , as under french law no alcohol brands can be promoted during sports events in the country . 
  shit , our wine industry will surely never recover from it . 
  better invade chile now before it 's too late . 
  ok , fair enough , but it 's still one of europe 's biggest country both in size and population though . 
  funny , we have literally the same expression in france that was used to describe our soldiers in wwi . 
  i guess you thought the same and it applied to british soldiers and command as well when you see how many men died . 
   they just do n't seem to make as the news over here as often as the brits do . 
  as a french who reads a lot of english speaking media , this is partially true . 
  another reason is that the french army has probably the most strict rules among western countries when it comes to press relations .
