  not in france . 
  you can find them only in casinos and they 're all privately owned . 
  so maybe do n't be so condescending . 
  yeah well a google search in english might give you a few answers , but i can assure you as a french and as the son of a fn voter that there are plenty of antisemistic people in the party . 
  difference is marine le pen is not and does n't give a shit about jews , while her father was regularly getting condemned for saying stupid stuff about the holocaust or making comments about a journalist being jewish because of his nose . 
  nowadays the main target for pretty much everybody are muslims , so the debate focuses on terrorism and islamism , but the old school antisemistic are still very much there . 
  that 's the favourite game of muslims . 
  they keep accusing each other of not being real muslims . 
  if you listen to a lot of muslims , isis does n't have anything to do with islam because they 're not real muslims anyway . 
  problem solved !, 
  lol , you act like you 're some kind of genius who knows the ultimate answer to the problems of modern society but seems incapable to produce a single argument . 
  condescending ad hominem confirms you 're the kind of idiot so full of himself he does n't even realize how stupid he appears to others . 
  i 'll leave you here einstein . 
  oh yeah , let 's split the power between degenerate lords , a king that got on his throne because of cousins fucking each other for centuries and some elected people , that should fix our problems . 
  yes , let 's go back to absolute monarchy and give back its power to the clergy , it was way better before . 
  among many things , the declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen , that still influences countries all around the world today ? 
  what i mean is a society is made of very different people who can spend a lifetime without interacting with each other . 
  we always talk about how the elite is `` disconnected '' from reality and do n't know what life is for regular people . 
  well it 's the same for you with religious people , you do n't see them because you do n't go to the church or the mosque , you do n't have the same social interests , you do n't read the same media , etc. . . and when you claim you 've never met anyone religious your entire life , are you sure about it ? 
  did you have a conversation about their religious views with every single person you 've met ? 
  i do n't know how you could claim that . 
  and you ca n't put the 28 % who are convinced there is a god with the 47 % who think there is some kind of superior `` thing '' out there , they are in separate categories for a reason . 
  and this is why personal experiences are completely irrelevant . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't know any islamist extremist either , yet people like omar abdel hamid el-hussein who committed the shooting in february 2015 are real , and were raised and live in the same country than you . 
  people mostly stay in groups and sometimes these groups never interact with each other . 
  i do n't know any woman who wears a veil , nor do i know any woman who supports wearing a veil , should i conclude no woman wears a veil in france ? 
  the results are not based on what is written on id cards . 
  but the results are not based on what religion people are assigned , but what people chose between 4 different statements . 
  nice job anyway mate !, 
   can you read dutch ? 
  otherwise i 'll translate it for you . 
   but the dutch contribution was non-lethal , only above sea , and stricly intelligence and observation . 
  so you participated , we did n't discuss how . 
  and there is no bombing without intelligence and observation . 
  the us only provided logistical support in mali , it does n't mean they did n't participate and that it was n't essential . 
  who would think it 's a horrible mistake to move in one of the richest country of the planet , that tops every quality of life ranking and has some of the most beautiful women on the planet ? 
  it is correct , the netherlands actively participated in libya . 
  you provided six f-16 , one kdc-10 and the hnlms haarlem ( m853 ) . 
  here is the source in dutch : [ nederlandse f-16 's voor het eerst in actie . 
  it was a false alarm , it 's over . 
   but that would further decrease european military capabilities ( which are already at a bottom , even france could n't sustain an indirect military campaign against libya , a third world desert with the population of denmark ) if you 're talking about the military intervention of 2011 , it was a un-supported intervention of an international coalition of : belgium bulgaria canada denmark france norway netherlands romania uk us i do n't know where did you see that was only a french intervention . 
  also , in the past years , france was capable to successfully deploy troops simultaneously in mali , centrafrica and syria/irak . 
  so yes , we have of course a limited capacity , and we need a little help from allies ( us mostly like in mali ) , but france is part of a very small group of countries capable of doing that . 
  only the us and russia have the capability to do more , even china is more limited . 
  how many times are you going to repeat that some polls said french and german people are against helping nato allies should they have conflicts with russia ? 
  i read you saying that at least 4 times in this thread alone . 
  it 's completely irrelevant what polls say . 
  do you think they asked what people thought when we sent troops in mali or in centrafrica ? 
  do you think they asked the opinion of people for the algerian of vietnam war ? 
  or afghanistan ? 
  or the first gulf war ? 
  stop please , stop repeating the same bullshit over and over like it 's the ultimate truth , if estonia gets invaded by russia all of the eu and nato will have to declare war to russia , period . 
  that 's what a mutual defence treaty is all about , and this is what kept us all safe from foreign agression since nato exists . 
  that would actually be fucking great . 
  yeah , i 'd also add that if you follow that logic , why would n't they taxe tourists using sidewalks ? 
  they do n't pay for it either . 
  this article is mixing everything up . 
  there is no `` draft '' proposal in france , some want to have a military service back , which is completely different . 
  unlike sweden , which the article describes as struggling to get new military recruits , there is no shortage for it in france and i 'm not only talking about recent years . 
  that 's true , she 's not what she was back in 2007-2010 . 
  my point was just that she still managed to stay in the game , and to stay a bit important . 
   talking about a has-been politician with absolutely no future . 
  i 'm no very fond of her , but she 's currently the mayor of the 7th arrondissement of paris , one of the richest of the capital , and a member of the eu parliament . 
  2 top positions that many politicians could only dream of . 
  exactly . 
  a friend on mine was like this , and he went to tha\u00efland . 
  he lasted 2 days before ending up in a hospital , that was his first time out of western europe . 
  he got infected by a bacteria , lost 8 kg in a week and had to be repatriated to europe . 
  a tall strong guy with the immune system weaker than a newborn baby 's . 
  he spent the next months getting all the vaccines he could get . 
  i did n't make the initial comment , and you 're right , tesla makes the best electric cars on the market . 
  but as of now , these are luxury cars unaffordable for most people ( i learned something about the netherlands and taxe deductions that allowed a lot of people to buy their cars there but that 's pretty particular ) . 
  and their cars being expensive is the same reason why other luxury vehicles are expensive . 
  why do you think a ferrari costs that much ? 
  because they create their own technology , style , etc. . . 
  so , until they release their new model that will develop their brand , which should be available in 1 or 2 years for around 35.000 $ but probably more in europe , yes , they will remain a relatively small player in terms of sales . 
  pioneers who make the best electric cars , but certainly not the one ms smith , a retired secretary from sussex , is gon na drive . 
  it makes sense then , thanks for the explanation . 
  the bonus you can get in france for an electric car is 10.000 $ top , so tesla remains too expensive for most people . 
  with the new model coming it could become interesting though . 
  it 's insane , how come it was free ? 
  tax refund because it 's electric ? 
  [ what i could find was this ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/neilwinton/2016/04/06/tesla-model-s-the-biggest-selling-luxury-car-in-europe/#4f9cc3f3c948 ) , so norway alone buys more than 25 % of all tesla s in europe ( 15.000 cars total for 2015 ) . 
  so , there are a lot in norway in netherlands apparently , you 're right , but sales for the rest of europe are still very small and that 's normal , tesla is not in the same market than renault or nissan for electric cars . 
  tesla make luxury electric cars that cost a minimum of 70.000 $ . 
  the new and more affordable model will still be at least 35.000 $ and will be available in 2017 in the us . 
  so , yes , tesla make nice cars , but unaffordable for 95 % or even 99 % of the population , they 're not a big player at all in europe now . 
  i do n't know where you live to see all these tesla but it 's certainly not in europe . 
  then do n't expect the flow of migrants to ever stop . 
  that 's a weird logic you have here , basically rewarding lying and dishonesty . 
  i would revoke their ayslum status that allows them to have a shitload of privileges like free healthcare and free housing . 
  and if they go on holiday there , i do n't think they fear for their human rights and their asylum claim was complete bullshit . 
  holy fuck you just changed my life mate !, 
  yeah , her joke was unfunny and plain rude for a french person already , i ca n't imagine when you hear it through an earpiece badly translated because it 's live . 
  why is n't their asylum status instantly revoked when they come back from holiday ? 
  til then , i did n't know germany has such harsh rules for dual-citizenship . 
  no , he 's saying the uk must n't get an advantage from brexit over the rest of the eu . 
  you 're telling me it 's not possible for a turk to have a german and a turkish passport ? 
  i find it hard to believe . 
  i know , i was just responding to his stupid sarcasm .
