  or even more countries , mauretania , senegal and so on . 
  very few migrants make the crossing from algeria or tunisia , they leave from libya , what would be the point to spend millions to block a departure port that almost no one use ? 
  and what do you want to do in mauritania or senegal ? 
  did you look at a map to see where these countries are ? 
  because libya is a failed state mostly controlled by gangs or isis . 
   or lease land in north africa and build eu refugee centers there . 
  it 's already the case in marocco . 
  and the other country that we had an agreement with was libya and a guy named gaddafi , now the eu tries to negociate a new deal with what 's left of the state there . 
  the icelandic word looks like it 's the sound of a sneeze . 
   the left has always been very empathic towards poor immigrants and always opposed rigid borders . 
  you 're swiss , maybe you speak french ? 
  [ this is georges marchais , leader of the french communist party from 1972 to 1994 , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg2ba9sxclm ) an ally of fran\u00e7ois mitterrand ( socialist ) who gave him 4 ministers to let communists in the government in 1981 after his election . 
  for non-french speakers , the speech starts with :  `` official and illegal immigration must be stopped . '', 
  so no , the left was fiercily against immigration , and fiercily anti-religious as well . 
  they changed . 
  now it 's marine le pen who starts her speeches like this , but she 's called a racist by people who were voting communist 30 years ago . 
   you wo n't be able to compare yourself to britain , canada or america though who seem to have both freedom and far fewer islamic terror attacks than france . 
  oh dear ... no , us french barbarians wo n't be able to compare ourselves with these great nations , who never saw what an islamist attack on their soil looks like , clearly . 
  you seem to not understand what nationwide means like the journalist . 
  nationwide means `` throughout the country '' . 
  look at belgium :  belgium followed closely in france 's footsteps by introducing its own ban on full-face veils in 2011 . 
  ** it outlaws any clothing that obscures people 's faces in public places . 
  **  a woman caught wearing a veil can be jailed for up to seven days or forced to pay a 1378 euro fine . 
  the government passed the law almost unanimously . 
  it 's nationwide . 
  let 's look at the netherlands :  last year the netherlands approved a partial ban on the full veil , meaning women can not have their faces covered in schools , hospital and on public transport . 
   it does n't completely outlaw the veil in public , but forbids it in `` specific situations where it is essential for people to be seen '' or for security reasons . 
  it 's nationwide in schools , hospital and on public transport . 
  or in that case , people wear what they want at home on at a private event in france , therefore it 's not nationwide . 
  and i find it amusing you dismiss chad and egypt , two islamic countries , because one is poor and the other is lead by a dictator . 
  do n't know how this is relevant at all in this . 
  and you should know the ban in france is not only about security , as the european court of human rights accepted [ * paris 's argument that it encouraged citizens to `` live together '' . 
  * ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/01/france-burqa-ban-upheld-human-rights-court ) and you can kindly fuck off with your comparison between france and isis . 
  exactly , she compares her current life with people who had to hide who they were to survive . 
  not all jews wear a kippa , the yellow stars was a way to identify them because obviously they were trying to hide the fact they were jews . 
  which is why this is ridiculous , because she 's proudly wearing a veil with no problem . 
  i 'm not american , but i remember the discussion we had with my friend after i saw the stamps and expressed my surprise . 
  [ here americans talking about it ] ( http://www.flyertalk.com/forum/usa/1117812-passport-stamps-when-entering-us.html ) , and some others [ who are confused because apparently it does n't happen everytime ] ( https://travel.stackexchange.com/questions/49302/not-getting-passport-stamped-when-entering-usa-from-abroad ) and finally here is [ a pic of an american stamp in a us passport ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/passport_stamp#/media/file:us_stamp.png ) . 
  exactly , from an administrative point of view it was pretty much the same . 
  but as you probably know for some it was also the loss of a territory that was legitimetely french , hence the violence and groups like [ the oas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organisation_de_l%27arm%c3%a9e_secr%c3%a8te ) . 
  a thing that is often not well known is one of the argument raised by those who were in favour of giving its independence to algeria was the cost , because it was the most underdeveloped d\u00e9partement ( due to a lof disparities between settlers and natives , lack of infrastructure , etc. . . ) and a drain to public finances because as a d\u00e9partement , they had to catch up with the rest . 
  morocco for example was just a protectorate and the french state did n't have a legal duty to raise its standards to france 's . 
  as u/low _ discrepancy said , there is belgium , but also the netherlands , switzerland , chad , and egypt should follow soon . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/652842/burka-niqab-islamic-face-veil-ban-uk-fine-france-belgium-netherlands-europe-muslim-dress ) those are only the countries who have a ban nationwide , you can add a dozen with local bans , including italy or cameroon . 
  the kippa you mean , are you talking about what i said about germany or in france nowadays ? 
  sorry i 'm confused . 
  well , you 're are actually correct to say it was a colony , it was invaded , settlers from the continent where given land and had a preferable treatment over the natives , a government was imposed to them ... 
  but algeria is very special in the sense that contrary to marocco ( protectorate ) or vietnam ( proper colony ) it became fully part of france . 
  what some women said in the nyt article was honestly shameful . 
   `` french muslim women would be justified to request asylum in the united states ... given how many persecutions we are subjected to . '', 
  oppressed people because of their religion or race are fleeing a country , not massively immigrating in it . 
  how can this woman look herself in the mirror knowing what some truly oppressed people have to go through ? 
  please , request asylum to the us , you 'll see how welcome you 'll be there . 
   `` i am insulted , spat on ( literally ) every day in the subway , on the bus , at school . 
  yet i have never insulted or hit someone . 
  no , i am just muslim . 
  i am seriously thinking of going to live elsewhere , where other people 's looks wo n't make me cry every night in my bed . 
  who can believe something like that honestly ? 
  spat on literally everyday in public transport and at school ?? 
  that 's a blatant lie . 
   `` i am afraid of having to wear a yellow crescent on my clothes one day , like the star of david for jews not so long ago . '' no need , the yellow star was to identify the jews , you 're already wearing an islamic veil to protect your impure body from the filthy looks of men , everybody can see you 're muslim and you proudly showcase your religion because , unlike jews in the 1930s , you 're not oppressed at all . 
  also , did i miss the history class explaining the moment in germany when jews where committing hideous massacres of muslim children and german people , trying to force people to eat kosher in public schools and getting mad for a drawing ? 
  damn immigrants who do n't speak latin properly, 
  utc \u2212 10:00 -- most of french polynesia utc \u2212 09:30 -- marquesas islands utc \u2212 09:00 -- gambier islands utc \u2212 08:00 -- clipperton island utc \u2212 04:00 ( ast ) -- guadeloupe , martinique , saint barth\u00e9lemy , saint martin utc \u2212 03:00 ( pmst ) -- french guiana , saint pierre and miquelon utc +01:00 ( cet ) -- metropolitan france utc +03:00 -- mayotte utc +04:00 -- r\u00e9union utc +05:00 -- kerguelen islands , crozet islands utc +11:00 -- new caledonia utc +12:00 -- wallis and futuna we have 12 time zones , more than any other country . 
   the 42-year-old is recovering well from his injuries in hospital , but ca n't now get home . 
  `` he is ok very sore and very tired , the operation went ok and now just recovery but the doctors are saying he 's not able to fly due to air pressure to his lungs , '' she added . 
   `` he 's currently still in hospital in bratislava but has been told he ca n't fly home until at least friday and because of the nature of his injury basically a stab wound through the chest even that may not yet be possible so we 're looking for other ways to get him home which would mean couple of the lads flying back out then either helping to get back via train or hire car . 
  or you just wait 3 days , like the doctors said , and take a flight back home if they tell you that you recovered well enough ? 
  i thought i was reading a story about a poor guy who was thrown in jail or did n't have any money to get back home after getting nearly beaten to death . 
  it 's just a poor guy who got stabbed , got treated very well at the hospital and has to lay on a bed for 3 days before taking a plane . 
  no need to spend money to spend dozens of hours in a car or a train , this is incredibly stupid especially if he has n't fully recovered . 
   all over the west , the left is in crisis . 
  it can not find answers to three urgent problems : the disruptive force of globalisation , the rise of populist nationalism , and the decline of traditional work funny , i thought the problem was going from  `` no immigration !, 
  it drags salaries down , and fuck religious people with their backward mentality '' in the 1970s to  `` refugees and all immigrants welcome !!, 
  so weird big corporations are pushing for the same !, 
  ooooh you 're wearing a veil !!, 
  it 's so empowering , you go girl , i 'm a feminist too !! '', 
  nowadays . 
   similarly , algeria was also part of the republic , but it would still be considered a colony up until its independence . 
  actually , you 're right about everything but that . 
  algeria was a french d\u00e9partement like seine-maritime or hautes-alpes until its independence . 
   and i think you should be able to take your data contract with you for that 90 days that the eu treaties allow you to spend abroad . 
  actually my bad , i initially understood you could use the 90 days as you wished , i missed the part where you have to switch back after 30 consecutive days . 
  so indeed , you 're right and we should be able to use the 90 days as we wish . 
  it 's just insane suspicion of everything that comes from abroad . 
  i was also surprised that us customs give a stamp when you 're a national leaving and entering the country , like for foreigners . 
  it 's a weird mentality . 
  oh not even that , one of my best friend is american and spent 2 years in france . 
  he had to spend 24 hours being interrogated at the airport when he went back home ... 
  i had to go through customs when i had a lay-over in miami , i was going to colombia from paris . 
  fucking pain in the ass and i had the most ridiculous conversation with a custom officer : officer : why are you coming to the us ? 
  me : i 'm not , just transiting . 
  officer : where are you going ? 
  me : colombia . 
  officer : why are you going to colombia ? 
  it 's basically racketting , forcing you to pay a visa fee to transit through the us . 
  good ~ ~ cheap ~ ~ planes , i swear !, 
  exactly , most europeans are going for a weekend in dublin , then a week in austria for christmas , then 2 weeks on the beach in italy in summer . 
  these 90 non consecutive days are perfect for this , i really do n't see the issue .
