  if you 're going to spend 4 months in another eu country , you just have to sign up for a non-biding contract with a local operator , it 's pretty simple . 
  we are everywhere mate , did n't you know ? 
  ok , sometimes it 's just 2 people on the rock in the middle of the pacific , but still , we are everywhere . 
  it 's a thing also in germany , i remember seeing a woman in munich with no umbrella waiting for the light to turn red while getting completely soaked by a monsoon-like rain , with no car in sight . 
  i was like 14 years-old with my parents , and we crossed quickly while the poor woman was probably starting to drown . 
  as a teenager , it took me a while after that to believe that germans belonged to the same species , what a strange bunch they can be sometimes . 
  fair enough for the food example in denmark , but my point still stands , we have parents asking for halal food in public schools in france . 
  no other minorities request anything . 
  and for the swimming-pool , if you move to one of the most progressive country in the world like denmark and request separation between boys and girls , you 're stating loud and clear you 're completely backward and proud of it , and that your religion that goes pretty much against every western values is more important . 
  what 's insane is you defend something like segregation between male and females simply because `` it hurts '' people who have a mentality that completely disappeared in the west decades ago . 
  we have to go backward to accomodate them , but somehow this is progressive . 
  again : it 's insane . 
  but how requesting to have separate lessons between girls and boys at a swimming-pool , or suppressing a typical danish food from the school menu is wanting to be part of the culture ? 
  i know these are just 2 examples cited in the article , but you have that everywhere there is a large muslim population . 
  in the uk , in france , in germany ... we have the 3rd largest jewish population after isra\u00ebl and the us , we have nearly 1 million asians ( from china and vietnam mostly ) , they never made any request whatsoever , why ? 
  jews ca n't eat pork , and we have a few of them orthodoxes as well , they do n't ask for anything . 
   this is a country where pedestrians wait for a green light to cross even when no cars are in sight , a contrast to the bustling streets of middle eastern capitals . 
  well , no need to go as far as the m-e , i can assure you it 's a contrast to the streets of paris as well . 
  and i 'm guilty of it , i hate people who run between cars to cross , but i 've never understood the point of waiting when there is no car at all . 
  i guess it 's one of those latin vs nordic things . 
  they 're talked about a lot , it 's a strategic and extremely profitable industry for the exporting countries . 
  everytime there is a new deal or the possibility of a new deal , there are hundreds of articles about it . 
  hahahaha that 's brilliant !, 
  that is complete bullshit , or [ this article from february 2016 published by the independent as well is complete bullshit as someone pointed out in the comments , ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/arms-trade-exporters-importers-weapons-transfers-sipri-a6891491.html ) and all the data on the arms industry is bullshit . 
  so in this article , britain is the second biggest arm dealer in the world . 
  no accurate figures are given , and if you know a thing or two about this market , the simple idea that the uk could even come close to russia for the second spot is just ... ludicrous . 
  britain at best exports 1/5th of what russia does , and a quick google search with `` britain second biggest arm dealer in the world '' shows only obscure websites repeating the same information word for word . 
  sorry but no , britain is at the same level than germany or france , with a share of around 5 % of the market , some years selling a bit more , some other years a bit less , but certainly not exporting 25 % of the arms on the planet like russia . 
  edit : getting downvoted but no reply , because there is no data to support this claim and there will never be . 
  this article is completely empty . 
  i mean , [ the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-31901493 ) and again , [ the independent ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/article/the-worlds-10-biggest-arms-exporters-and-importers--wktjmua1ul ) is putting the uk 's arms exports at 4 % between 2010 and 2014 , but you seriously believe the uk sold over 25 % of the weapons on this planet like russia in the past 10 years ? 
  do n't you think you would have noticed an article or two which would have mentionned it before ? 
  and this is not insulting to the uk , british make top-notch weaponry , no doubt about it , but you 're completely delusional if you believe the uk is the second biggest arms dealer in the world . 
  funny , [ the previous campaign from ratp ( the public company who did this ) was also with animals , ] ( https://imgur.com/a/92qmk ) although there was no bear . 
  it was pretty good too . 
  [ especially with giant pink rabbits . 
  ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1816956/original.jpg ), 
  some of them surrendered , after losing over 100.000 men , including the ones who saved british asses in dunkirk desperately trying to cross the channel after getting wrecked by the germans . 
  the others went on to fight along with the brits . 
  it was n't about the madrid attacks of 2004 at all . 
  the date is on the top left : mercredi 2 juillet 1990 ( july 2nd 1990 ) . 
  the price is in francs . 
  the name of the file ends with charlie-hebdo-eta1 . jpg . 
  so it was about an eta bombing in 1990 . 
  you mean to defend the country ? 
  yeah strategically speaking waiting for the germans to come was a terrible decision , but saying france was not willing to fight is nonsense . 
   not willing to fight anyway you do n't know much about wwii , do you ? 
  really ? 
  never heard of it . 
  we do n't care about italy in football ? 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  i love italy and italians , my girlfriend is italian , but when we play against them for 90 minutes i have the deepest hatred for them . 
  mex\u00e8s and frey but you forget trezeguet ??? 
  the guy was the best striker in serie a , playing for la juve and this dumbfuck took gomis but not him because he missed a penalty in 2006 . 
   but surely if they are then it should be the people forcing them to wear it that are punished ? 
  as it is , the penalty seems to befall the women instead , in the worst cases amounting to police officers publicly removing their clothing . 
  i do n't understand , how are the women being punished ? 
  police offers publicly removing her niqab would surely enrage her husband ( or whoever is forcing her to wear it ) , but i do n't see how it punishes her . 
   or that they 're actively promoting a radical form of islam ( if they really do belong to that brand of hyper-machismo islam , they 're unlikely to be allowed to preach actively anyway ) . 
  the only person they 're enforcing it on is themselves . 
  you 've never heard of women being abused for not being covered in neighbourhood with a strong muslim population ? 
  here is an article from 2003 , with testimonies from young muslim or non-muslim women from muslim families , explaining [ how the pressure from their families and neighbours is unbearable ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/france/2003/12/10/leur-voile-j-ai-envie-de-l-arracher_454783 ) ( it 's in french , sorry if you do n't speak it but you can use google translate ) . 
  and if you think an `` hyper-machismo islam '' stop them from preaching , i think you would be surprised [ to read about the al-khansaa brigade ] ( http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/how-isis-is-using-women-to-police-other-women/ ) , women policing and whipping women for not wearing a burqa properly . 
  i mean , if isis islam is hyper-machismo enough for you . 
  do you think isis gives them such a role in their territory , but in the peaceful and democratic west women who voluntarily wear it do n't actively promote their vision ? 
   but handing out bans , telling people what they can wear , what they can believe , is n't the way to go about it ; it only hardens the resolve of people who feel under attack already . 
  european culture is strong enough to withstand women wearing veils ; if we start humiliating people in public for their clothing then we really will lose the higher ground . 
  it 's not about what they can believe or not , it 's that we have values and crushed this kind of bullshit in the past with the catholic church . 
  we do n't want it to come back and spread under another form , an even worse version . 
  now i think this is cultural , france and england have a completely different approach to religion and i do n't think we 'll ever agree on how to handle this . 
   particularly given that no one ever seems to ask the women in question what they think . 
  well , there are only 2 options . 
  either they 're being forced to wear it , then i think we can both agree this is horrible and unacceptable . 
  or , in a country where they 're free to take it off , they deliberately wear it . 
  then we 're talking about people who think alike isis , saudi arabia and the talibans . 
  that this is the way to go , and actively promote it . 
  because these people do n't quietly practice their religion like some pretend , they actively promote their radical version of islam , like we can see every week when they protest in london , or through the various branches salafis have everywhere . 
  there is a reason why we 're having debates like this one in europe nowadays , and we did n't have any of the sort 30 years ago . 
  and it 's not because they 're quiet and peaceful . 
   what , the european court of human rights agrees on banning it ? 
  care to cite a ruling ? 
  [ of course . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/01/france-burqa-ban-upheld-human-rights-court )  people in europe choosing to wear a burqa is in no way comparable to the taliban . 
  no european law forces it on anyone . 
  people in europe choosing to wear a burqa or a niqab deliberately alienate themselves from the rest of society and proudly showcase they are salafis , the most backward islamist ideology spread by the rotten kingdom of saudi arabia . 
  they have no place in europe and i 'm happy they 're marginalized and feel unwelcome , plenty of muslims are onboard with this and [ actively try to get rid of them . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/egypt-drafts-bill-to-ban-niqab-veil-in-public-places-a6920701.html ), 
  yes there is a difference . 
  by not banning it , you recognize this is perfectly tolerable in 2016 for a woman to have to cover from head to toe to go out in europe , just like in afghanistan when the talibans made it mandatory when they got to power . 
  i find it personally intolerable , and a symbol of the most backward and oppressive culture in the world nowadays . 
  the vast majority of europeans , including the european court of human rights , agree with me . 
  i 've never seen an islamist in my life , but whatever let 's support them . 
  ~ omedries, 
  no more bbc rapists , no more bbc drug dealers , problem solved . 
  this is not the bbc here you speak reddit or get out, 
  i 've never been to iceland but i 've seen plenty of beautiful pictures of small icelandic villages/towns . 
  and we have nothing similar in france , this is why travelling is great , you discover things you do n't have at home !, 
  ireland giving a special tax deal to apple so the latter can dodge taxes in other countries where it operates is the textbook definition of international tax fraud . 
  these interventions might have been counter-productive for the stability of the countries , but they 've been extremely productive for a lot of big corporations which was the goal for most of them . 
  so they had no problem fining bnp 8.9 b$ , then vw 14.7 b$ , but the poor american companies that are found guilty in the eu should n't pay anything because poor americans are going to have to pay the bill .
