  i moved to london when i was 19 , worked as a waiter and realised that english had almost nothing to do with the outdated and strict version i was taught in school . 
  the way we learn foreign languages is terrible , we basically almost never speak it ( this is why we have the reputation of having a terrible pronounciation , well deserved imo ) , learn lists of irregular verbs , lists of vocabulary , translate or answer questions about a small text from time to time ( `` where is brian ? '', 
  `` brian is in the kitchen '' ) , and that 's it , off you go to study abroad and ridicule yourself . 
  i 've lived and studied abroad and a lot of french people i 've met where often an embarassment . 
  that 's true , but with the brexit you 'll get back a lot of the influence and economic power you lost . 
  italy is still one of the best country . 
  yes , there are unemployment problems especially for young people and the economy has been stagnating for a while . 
  still , it 's one of the richest country in the world , with a gdp equal of superior to brazil 's , russia 's or india 's with a much smaller population . 
  it 's a gorgeous country , with food considered to be among the world 's best , a culture that makes it the second most visited in the world , and the population is very healthy . 
  my girlfriend is italian , and i know how depressing the situation can look like , we have pretty much the same problems here in france ( a little less bad though ) . 
  but sometimes you have to realise that pretty much 90 % of the rest of the planet has it way worse than you , and that your country has incredible assets a lot would kill to have . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you for your detailed answer !, 
  ah , hello canadian friend , i have a question for you . 
  what is exactly the difference between the world cup of hockey and the ice hockey world championships ? 
  is there one that is more prestigious than the other ? 
   is greece to be an exception ? 
  no , which is the point of the article and why some parents are unhappy . 
  and he announced that the government is going to completely and permanently dismantle the camp !, 
  is n't it great ? 
  he did n't do shit for 4 years and suddenly the social security deficit is at its lowest and the system `` saved '' and now calais ' problem is over just like that !, 
  amazing achievements months before being ridiculed like no one before in the presidential election , i 'm sure next week he 'll announce isis is completely defeated and unemployment is no longer a thing . 
  who would n't vote for him after that , a great president that gets shit done i 'm telling you !, 
   you mean english/american culture , which is mostly spreed my movies , music and business ? 
  because french , german , spanish , portuguese , italian , etc , culture is n't spreed like it happens with usa and uk . 
  of course it 's spread and it 's spreading . 
  look at north korea and china , their entire systems are based on a ideology developed by marx , a german . 
  the very idea of a political party , a parliament , a prime minister or a president is 100 % european . 
  the weapons their military use are inventions of europeans or americans , the entire way their armies are organized , from the grades to the uniforms , are europeans . 
  the electricity and how they produce it are european systems , the cars they use are a european invention , so are the planes or the bicycle . 
  their medicine is european , the way they approach science is mostly european , through universities that are copied on european models . 
  i could go on all the details and which country contributed to what but you get my point , the west , and not only british/americans , have massively spread their culture and influenced the rest of the world , and is still doing it . 
  no other region did that to this extend . 
  ah ok , thanks for the correction . 
  not really , at least the idea in the us is to cut spending . 
  former us presidents are all multi-millionaires who can easily pay for their own security 10 years after they left office . 
  [ i think you 're talking about the f-35b lightning ii ] ( http://www.raf.mod.uk/equipment/f35jointstrikefighter.cfm ) that will be used on the new aircraft carriers expected to be delivered in the next years . 
  if the president was in function before 1997 , he has secret service protection for life , if after 1997 , it 's a maximum of 10 years . 
  so for example , bush jr will have to pay for his security starting in 2018 while his daddy has it for life . 
  indeed , we 've always had a very good relationship with you . 
  france was the first foreign country ever to be invited to the military parade last year for your national day , 
  actually the link worked for me . 
  so , the guy had 4 coffee shops , the dutch prosecutor wanted the tha\u00ef to seize his financial assets in tha\u00efland over some unpaid taxes , and the poor guy ends up sentenced for life in prison and already lost 40kg there . 
  now the prosecutor feels sorry because he did n't expect that . 
  did he care to look how tha\u00efland treats drugs dealers there ? 
  it 's totally absurd . 
  til !, 
  again , that 's fucking insane . 
  it 's a miracle there are n't more scandals . 
  that 's insane . 
  and when you say imported from neighboring germany and belgium , you mean they can legally grow weed there or is it also a shady product ? 
  wow , i was sure the weed sold in coffee shops was already produced in the netherlands !, 
  where does it come from then ? 
  i guess coffee shops ca n't get their weed from illegal weed producers abroad ? 
  for the record , in comparison the four former us presidents cost a total of $ 3,7 m a year . 
  [ here is a detailed article comparing the rafale with the f-35 . 
  ] ( https://defenseissues.wordpress.com/2015/09/11/dassault-rafale-vs-f-35/ ) tl ; dr : rafale is significantly superior to f-35 in air-to-air combat ( both wvr and bvr ) , which is logical as it was designed primarily for air-to-air missions . 
  in air-to-ground combat , either can be a better choice , depending on mission requirements . 
  yep , just checked on their website and `` feel at home '' is an extra you have in some plans . 
  so pretty much what i said : it 's not free roaming , it 's an extra feature . 
  can you provide examples please ? 
  because considering the prices in the us , you would have millions of americans getting a uk operator if it was free and unlimited . 
  i think that what you mean by `` free '' is actually specific packages that cost extra and offer a few gb of data to use abroad . 
  we have those too , and this is not free roaming at all . 
  why would they negotiate anything ? 
  operators are against this measure and have been fighting it since day one . 
  if anybody wants to negotiate anything , it 's the british government . 
  thanks !, 
  well there is no equivalent to the de fun\u00e8s antisemistic character , but it 's extremely stereotypical as well . 
  do you have good articles in english or french that explain was is at stake with the constitutional reform ? 
  you think it could n't be done today ? 
  i do n't know man , la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 si je mens !, 
  is pretty close and it 's pretty recent and was a huge success as well . 
  nevermind that the screenplay was written by josy ( yossef ) eisenberg , a rabbi , and the movie was directed by another jew , max-g\u00e9rard houry tannenbaum ( g\u00e9rard oury is his artist name ) , we clearly have the typical nazi movie . 
  listen to the british guy man , rabbi jacob is racist , he knows better than you . 
  lack of cultural cuisine in spain , france or italy for example ? 
  lol, 
  i loved the food in poland , but one thing i really envy the poles for is the food on trains . 
  having proper food made in a real kitchen on a train was so fucking great . 
  in france you pay a an absurd price for a half-frozen triangle sandwich :(, 
  although i disagree with them because as you pointed out everybody was christian at the time , and i think after the enlightment in the 19th century christianity was more of an obstacle than anything to science progress , i 'd like to point out that the dark ages are a myth no serious historian supports . 
  many incredible scientific discoveries have been made druing this supposed `` dark age '' era , all supported and founded by the church . 
  it was n't a problem when headquarters of a little alliance called nato were based in paris . 
  and at the time , the level of english was a lot worse that it is now . 
  also , considering the french army for all its international missions cooperates mostly with the us and the uk without a problem , i find it weird to bring language as an argument . 
  yep , i was wrong my bad . 
  [ should have done a little reseach before . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2016/sep/06/paralympic-games-brazil-us-athletes-disability ), 
  so i question the argument according to which us paralympic athletes are less founded than the british ( i was apparently wrong about that ) and it turns into `` filthy inferior dogs in the us ? '', 
  you need to take your pills and call the nurse man . 
  so that 's what the real luck of the irish looks like . 
  so if you win the jackpot you can buy a coffee ? 
  mmmmh i have really a hard time believing american paralympic athletes are less funded than their british counterparts . 
  quite amazing performance by gb athletes , they were just better and using money as an excuse from the us is a bit ironical . 
  or maybe they 're also arguing ukrainians were flooded with cash while us athletes were struggling in comparison ? 
  sounds totally legit ... 
  as of now , it is the most powerful military for the simple reason that the uk does n't have an aircraft carrier and france has the charles de gaulle . 
  when the uk gets its 2 carriers , it 'll get back the power projection it drastically lacks right now . 
  british pilots even had to learn french to be able to train because the british army ca n't do it :  [ one senior royal navy officer said : `` who would have thought that more than 200 years after the battle of trafalgar , we would be asking the french to train our naval fighter pilots ? 
  our relationship with the french has always been a bit tense , so this will be a big test of co-operation . '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/8570983/royal-navy-pilots-forced-to-learn-french.html ),
