  your two example ( a 25 years old war and a 13 years old war ) of large numbers of troops deployed relying on the us means jackshit . 
  even the us aknowledges france as its biggest military ally for years now , time you realise actions speak for themselves and only british think they are somehow superior . 
   except it kind of is , being able to project power is important globally oriented militaries . 
  which we do , we lead successful military campaigns thousands of kilometers away regularly . 
  the uk does n't since 1982 . 
  ok , i see what you mean . 
  you are correct about the logistical issues and the bigger involvement of the us in the conflict than initially planned , but france still did the biggest part ( the highest percentage of strikes , 35 % ) , which was the main goal . 
  apart from france and the uk , i do n't think the us would rely on any other country to lead a campaign in a foreign country which was the original point : france is an ally that can get things down without the us being forced to play the biggest role . 
   to be fair , if anything lybia acts as a counterexample . 
  why ? 
   a few thousand troops . 
  not really anything given the size of the french army . 
  is that really going to demonstrate their value ? 
  mali is 5 times the size of the uk , the fact that a few thousand troops secured this country and prevented it from becoming a new afghanistan should be a good indicator of their value , yes . 
   when was the last time france sent 10,000 + men anywhere ? 
  not exactly a relevant question . 
  when was the last time france successfully lead an operation abroad ? 
  i already gave the answer . 
  the uk ? 
  that was the falklands in 1982 . 
  you 're still traumatised by it . 
   and if you want to test french army , come one , we 're waiting for you . 
  are you 12 years old ? 
   considering how small the jewish community is we have the 2nd largest jewish community in the world , it 's not a small one at all . 
   jews in france are harassed on a daily basis , both by the far right and arab gangs . 
  lol , yeah it 's literally germany in the 1940 's here / s the far right does n't give a shit about jews anymore , especially since jean-marie le pen is gone . 
  muslims are their target , more and more jews actually vote for the far right . 
  mosques and churches have armed soldiers around them too , in case you missed it we 're in a state of emergency and it 's the standard protocol . 
  and you know a lot about bitching , do n't you . 
  mali , libya or centrafrica for the past 5 years alone . 
   the euro health consumer index they are based in marseille according to their pretty weird website . 
  why would a swedish political think tank be based in france ? 
  also apparently they are only two people . 
  grant man , the us is especially great for that , you have some many of them you can apply to !, 
  try to have a conversation with a spanish cow , you 'll understand pretty fast . 
  not at all , that 's why the baron haussmann redesigned paris and created big boulevards in the 19th century . 
  [ here is a good article in french describing the traffic mayhem paris has been for the past hundreds of years . 
  ] ( http://attelages-magazine.com/articles/tradition/les-embarras-de-paris.html ), 
  that 's what the current mayor is aiming for , which is great imo . 
  still a long way to go though . 
   non-colonised countries like siam fared better on all indicators than colonised ones like india . 
  that 's just a very blank statement . 
  some non-colonised coutries fared better , other are shitholes who seem to only getting worse . 
  siam ( thailand ) fared better than india , but malaysia fared better than thailand . 
  truth is colonisation was different in each country , and each country evolves differently . 
  no one can affirm what would have happened if they did n't get colonised . 
  we were pretty neutral during the cold war , and we invaded russia with napoleon , funny example you took ... 
  well from a military point of view i think you 're right , but do n't underestimate the stupidity of some politicians . 
   and that 's exactly my point . 
  rather than actually criticising the isis ideology , they 're laughing at the people who fall for it . 
  it 's basically just convoluted victim blaming . 
  victim blaming ? 
  we 're talking about people who watched hours of people getting beheaded and left everything to watch it irl . 
  cut the crap please , they 're not victims . 
   like i already said - if you 're a muslim woman , and you get to the point where you perceive your alienation in society to be less bad than somewhere as fucking horrible as isis-occupied territory , what does that say about your current situation ? 
  pretty fucking awful . 
  and this is humour worthy ? 
  i went through a lot of comments under the video on facebook , the only comments from muslim women i read were supportive of the video and encouraged the bbc to continue ridicule isis . 
  white tumblristas though ...  a good satire lampoons those in power by pointing out their failures . 
  all rhoisis is saying is ` haha , isis made you a slave when you were promised a better life , idiot ' . 
  it does n't even mention the people in power , let alone criticise them !, 
  like i said in another comment , it 's comparable to the poor voters who thought that trump would bring back jobs to their communities - immediately before he hired a bunch of lobbyists and big banks . 
  it 's one dimensional and lazy as fuck , boiling down the suffering of these women ( and indeed the other victims of isis ) to ` lol they thought they were going to have a good time and now they are n't , shoulda thought better : ~ ) ' . 
  sat \u00b7 ire \u02c8sa\u02cct\u012b ( \u0259 ) r / noun noun : satire * the use of humor , irony , exaggeration , or ridicule to expose and criticize people 's stupidity or vices , particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues . 
  * sounds exactly like what the bbc did here . 
  exactly , tv and radio a really different things . 
  i listen to the radio every morning in my bathroom , it 's an old model from the 1980s and it works perfectly fine . 
  but nobody has a tv from the 1980s . 
  and not much shaving cream either !, 
  that could be the right explanation indeed . 
  there is a lot of collaboration because we have a lot of common interests , now i wonder what is going to happen with brexit . 
   to her vice president philippot , a closeted self hating gay who barks about the infamous , non existent gay lobby . 
  the whole article you linked is about jean-marie le pen and other `` old-school '' party members whining about philippot ** being ** the head of the gay lobby . 
  you should read what you link , just sayin ' . 
  me neither and i agree !, 
  to reply to your other comment , we are the closest allies in europe simply because we have the most active armies . 
  and we do n't share an aircraft carrier , unfortunately imo . 
  the project was aborted in 2008 . 
  did the taliban get their ass kicked ? 
  yeah . 
  they were removed from power within days . 
  the fact that they are still there living in caves and launching some attacks does n't change that . 
  plus , we 're talking about a tyrant coming to power and turning a country into a dictatorship , not foreign armies with a un mandate removing the psychopaths in charge spending billions to try to establish a democracy . 
  their whole point is `` i have a gun , so i can defend my freedom against tyranny !!, 
  i wo n't be a slave ! '', 
  i 've never said everyone would comply , i said their guns would not change that . 
  the resistance movements in france , poland or serbia in wwii were attacking germans , but they could n't have kicked them out on their own . 
  guns do n't change much for regular citizens . 
  definitely not 20 years ago , maybe pre-wwii but i 've never heard or seen stuff where it seems like a popular trend to not shave , quite the opposite . 
  yeah i know , again i can see the origins of most stereotypes about us but i do n't see for this one , never met any girl who did n't shave . 
  i know that english-speaking media ( especially american ) have a big fetish for the * `` french girls do n't get fat , here are 10 of their secrets to eat what you want and stay slim !!, 
  '' * articles and books . 
  maybe it leaked . 
  i never got the `` french girls are hairy '' thing . 
  [ it 's complicated here so have this but shhhhhhh ] ( https://i.imgur.com/er4mno8.jpg ), 
  of course it played a big role , but it would have been crushed without french and spanish support . 
  that 's history . 
  and i see you and others who replied ca n't bring anything else than the american revolution , an over 200 years event . 
  as i said :  the constitution of new hampshire might gives you a thrill but it 's nothing more than a piece of paper written in the 18th century in what still was the middle age in terms of weapons compared to nowadays . 
  armed inhabitants would n't last a day if the us army decided to turn their state into a giant prison camp .
