  lol there are hundreds of them , [ like this cleaner who says `` it 's really an arab 's job '' ] ( http://www.comixtrip.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/lisa-mandel.jpg ) ( racist expression to say it 's a sloppy job ) , this one from a belgian publication , [ `` where is charlie '' with arms and legs everywhere ] ( http://www.lesoir.be/1166562/article/soirmag/actu-soirmag/2016-03-30/ou-est-charlie-quand-belges-repondent-une-charlie-hebdo ) , or [ this other one on the same theme ] ( http://medias.comixtrip.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/lo%c3%afc-s%c3%a9cheresse-1200x675.jpg ) . 
   then again , i do n't know what would happen if another country made a cartoon about dead french or germans killed by terrorists . 
  would people still say `` ah , do n't get butthurt . 
  it 's just a cartoon . '' ? 
  plenty of french people would get butthurt !, 
  people equal charlie hebdo with all french people since the attack , but a lot have always complained about them . 
  it 's just that before it was only a french thing and no one knew charlie hebdo . 
  the thing with charlie hebdo is it was a small magazine with a small readership . 
  now every week the whole world is looking at what they 're publishing and some think that it 's outrageous . 
  they decided after the massacre that they would continue doing pretty much exactly what they 've been doing for over 40 years . 
  they wo n't change a thing , and seeing people getting butthurt over a cartoon in 80 different languages make them laugh even more than when it was only in french . 
  that 's actually a factual mistake of the bbc . 
  she learned her son committed suicide at the police station after she killed her husband . 
  i do n't know how they could get such an important element so wrong , it 's in every article about this case in french newspapers . 
  no i am not . 
  i 'm a le pen supporter now ? 
  and a brexit supporter with an agenda ? 
  lol . 
  so stating a fact , that as a dutch national she will not be deported because of a worthless letter , and after the home office said as quoted in the article :  `` the rights of eu nationals living in the uk remain unchanged while we are a member of the european union . 
  eu nationals do not require any additional documents to prove their status . '' i am `` predicting the future '' and have `` magical skills '' ? 
  that is called being rational . 
  and i would be a fucking billionaire if i could bet on deported vs not deported . 
  you would bet too on it if you did n't have your head so far up your ass that you refused to aknowledge a simple reality . 
  [ it is . 
  ] ( http://pointstobemade.boardingarea.com/2014/03/25/getting-a-second-uk-passport/ ) you can do it in france as well , a friend of mine has two because of his job , he has to travel to israel then the week after to lebanon sometimes . 
  he would be either deported or it would be a nightmare at the customs to justify the stamps every time . 
   your objection seems dishonest . 
  the headline is literally true . 
  the headline is true , but incredibly dishonest . 
  answer this simple question : is this woman in any danger of being deported from the uk ? 
  when you write a headline in a major newspaper like this , based on what is a worthless letter sent automatically after her application was denied and does n't concern her at all ( extra-eu nationals are the target , before the brexit vote almost no european would have applied because they already have pretty much the exact same rights than british nationals ) , you just fuel the anxiety and hysteria of people who 'll think that mass deportation is on its way . 
  when the sun or the daily mail makes a headline like `` we pay x millions to the eu everyday !! '', 
  this is literally true . 
  they just do n't mention what is behind all this , the money they get back , the benefits of the eu membership , etc. . 
  it is as well incredibly dishonest . 
  and it is sad that the guardian is slowly falling in the garbage-category of newspapers . 
  this is what happened ? 
  is anyone other than a standard administrative worthless letter told her that ? 
  when does she have to leave then ? 
  because the headline says it like it 's a final decision . 
  sorry dutch woman , you can no longer stay in the uk . 
  so , for you that 's a honest headline , stating a fact . 
  good . 
   where do they imply that ? 
  i think the words you are looking for are `` i imagined '' did you read the title ? 
  `` the uk is throwing out europeans !!!! '', 
  that 's what it says . 
   i 've never said anything like that , nor in fact is the guardian implying it . 
  so i am not sure what the hell you are calling them dishonest for , while distorting the facts yourself . 
  of course , i 'm distorting the fact . 
  the guardian is n't making up a story about nothing , totally random daily article about problems with the administration . 
  permissible means you need a good reason . 
  like having no alternative , which she has . 
  you seem mad , relax . 
  your whole rant does n't have a single point challenging what i said . 
   at best it was just incompetence , at worst they really do n't pay any attention to the rules and doing their job properly . 
  that 's pretty much what i said . 
  have you ever had to deal with an administration ? 
  you have thousands of stories like that about incompetent administrations , stop being such a conspirationist . 
  or do you really believe the uk has a masterplan to deny citizenship to europeans like the guardian is implying ? 
  that seems more plausible to you ? 
  so it 's permissible , does n't mean it has to be approved by the public servant in charge . 
  again , the same public servant who deals with thousands of applications and is not gon na bother to check if her reasons to not give her passport is valid or not . 
  too much stuff to do . 
  or maybe he checked it , considered this is bullshit because she can ask for an extra passport or a simple dutch id that would allow her to travel within the eu , uk included . 
   however , the department not only rejected her application but sent her a letter which took no account of her right to be in the country irrespective of their decision . 
  `` as you appear to have no alternative basis of stay in the united kingdom you should now make arrangements to leave , '' the letter said . 
  who applies for a uk citizenship ? 
  a very few europeans , since they can legally stay in the uk , work , etc. . . like any british citizen . 
  they do n't need a british passport . 
  but indians , somalians , colombians , americans or whatever nationality outside of the eu who want to make their life in the uk need one to secure their future . 
  this letter is not personally written . 
  it 's standard protocol . 
  once the public servant on his computer running on windows 1997 clicked on the little box next to `` denied '' , a letter is printed , put in an envelope with the adress of the applicant automatically printed on it and sent . 
  and in this letter they warn you that you might not be able to stay in the uk and start making arrangements accordingly , because that 's the case of 99 % of the applicants who are denied a uk passport . 
  she 's the 1 % that does n't have to be concerned about it . 
  period . 
  this is quite a dishonest headline . 
  the whole story is the story of anyone who had to deal with an administration , british or else . 
  bureaucratic , pre-written answers , rules that does n't take into account personal situations , etc. . . you have to read quite a lot before having the simple reason her case was dismissed :  she was told the reason for the rejection was because she had not included her original passport , even though she had told the home office her father had died in the netherlands and it was needed by dutch authorities . 
  that 's it , end of the story . 
  no passport , no valid application . 
  a public servant who deals with thousands of applications is not gon na listen to her special story about her mother being alone in the netherlands . 
  and any public servant in any country would do the same . 
  give the required documents and stop crying . 
   your own party members treated you and your ancestors badly , because of their name/ethnicity they did n't , that was my last paragraph . 
  and i just checked what was just an assumption and can now confirm it : his ancestors were pieds-noirs , the people who colonised algeria . 
   how can you join them ? 
  because he 's french and does n't think of himself as an immigrant ? 
  the journalist sees him as an immigrant or a descendant of an immigrant , while the fn took him in put him in a mayor 's sit . 
  do n't you see the hypocrisy ? 
  yeah , that 's a terrible way to attack fn actually , and it just backfires badly . 
  `` he has to be anti-fn , he has a foreign name , only true french for the fn !!! '', 
  that 's what the journalist said with this question . 
  the guy has a spanish-sounding name , is an elected mayor of the fn and claims to be a `` french patriot '' . 
  and the strategy is to bring up his origins to prove what ? 
  he ca n't be nationalist because he has foreign ancestors ? 
  sounds typically like what the actual fn members would say , `` you 're not really french '' , `` true french '' , `` true frenchness '' , etc. . that 's because of stupid arguments like this they 're raising , the journalist literally just used the xenophobic rethoric of the fn by implying an immigrant or the son of an immigrant could not possibly integrate to the point of sharing the views of the fn . 
  by the way i 'm curious what the fn has done to spanish immigrants . 
  algerians and other africans , i can see very well .
