  i studied a semester in seoul and had a south korea history class , i know precisely what he did . 
  [ this is what workers were doing under his ~ ~ presidency ~ ~ dictatorship . 
  ] ( https://lh4.ggpht.com/tao5u2wvmo3etaawyswsqwndykgqu62ss3djgwamz4mudtwdldukx07kdrs=s526 ) you can read [ the story of jeon tae-il , the man on the picture , there ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeon_tae-il ) to give you an idea of what it was like to be a worker in south korea at the time . 
  if you want to take this as a model be my guest but you 're on your own . 
  i think you underestimate the power of businesses if you think someone willing to do that can be elected . 
  and japan is n't exactly the best example , [ they 're changing their policy ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-22/japan-expands-foreign-worker-plan-u-s-cited-for-forced-labor ) because of their aging population and are heading in the same direction than western europe on that matter . 
  [ indeed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrj4315srlm ), 
   if employers find it more difficult to bring in cheap foreign labour , then they will have no choice but to offer better incentives for british workers . 
  on that i agree , but it 's practically impossible to just close your borders to cheap labour . 
  it does n't even matter that you 're in the eu , employers always find a way to import it because too many business got used to it . 
  so either there is a real revolution or nothing will change sadly . 
  indeed , # 7.20 i stand corrected . 
  it 's still an extremely low salary that makes it nearly impossible to live in london or any big city . 
  what can you buy with that , 2 pints of cheap lager in a pub ? 
   still glad to know that the continent is still absolutely clueless about british culture . 
  oh boy , you still believe you 're a special snowflake are n't you ? 
  we live in a globalised world with a globalised economy , britain is no different when it comes to immigrants coming to work cheap jobs . 
  fuck , even south korea , one of the most protectionist developed country in the world , has filipinos coming to work for low salaries . 
  question : what will happen if brexit happens ? 
  are salaries going to suddenly skyrocket and allow people to live in london or manchester on minimum wage ? 
  are britons going to suddenly accept jobs paid the minimum wage and live happily ever after ? 
  i 'm truly curious of what you think will come next if you vote out . 
  ok , britain is the exception among all developed countries and that 's the fault of the eu , good talk mate . 
  try to ask these proud working class britons you seem to know so well why they 're not working for less then 7 # an hour and get back to me . 
  alright , i should have been more specific . 
  british people , just like french people or americans , are ( mostly ) not ready to do dirty jobs for a ridiculously low salary that sometimes does n't even cover their basic expenses . 
  since governments do n't want to raise the minimum wage significantly , and businesses are not ready to pay more for a lot of jobs , only immigrants fill in these postions . 
  every single developed country experiences this and there is n't really any solution to this . 
  and believe me british workers are not passed over . 
  when i applied for a job as a runner in a restaurant we were 25 candidates , not one was british . 
  on the other hand , all the managers were . 
  hahaha you 're cute ... 
  i lived in london in 2010 mate , go check the kitchens in the restaurants there and who works there for # 5.93 ( minimum wage at the time ) an hour . 
  same in other parts of the country , check out how many easter european are coming for the harvests . 
  it 's the same in every developped country , at some point most locals do n't accept the minimum wage exhausting jobs and immigrants do it for them , britain is no exception . 
  wait ... 
  your british mom drinks a bottle of ricard sometimes ???!!, 
  picturing a posh british lady getting hammered on ricard is really weird i must say , i did n't know it was a thing there ... 
  can confirm , the brits i encounter here in france are a completely different breed than the one i saw in spain . 
  you need to leave the eu first for that . 
  indeed , that reminds me of the visa application process from my moroccan friend to go to japan . 
  she had to prove she had enough money ( like 3.000 $ ) , have a return ticket , a list of all the places she was going to stay ... 
  it makes sense to have strong regulations to avoid people abusing their tourist visa to overstay or settle , but it is nonsense for people who obviously are tourists with high financial means . 
  except you do n't really need educated immigrants , but people willing to do the dirty work like in other developped countries . 
  i actually learned that not so long ago , another proof atat\u00fcrk was truly a great man , 
  hey , do n't mistake anglo-saxon press with all western countries , i can assure you that erdogan had very little support on this here in france . 
  they think their idea of personal liberties is universal and do n't realize it is very different than ours . 
  the number of articles about france being almost a fascist state for making the full veil illegal are countless , and many still do n't understand why religious symbols are forbidden for public workers and in public schools . 
  it is sad to see atat\u00fcrk 's achievements being destroyed like this so quickly . 
  i thought erdogan wanted to abolish the ban in school ? 
  did n't he do it already in universities ? 
  risotto and polenta are from the north of italy and have been normal dishes in the whole region including switzerland for centuries now , so i kind of understand why he said it . 
  risotto is definitely italian originaly , although wiki does n't attribute polenta to italy only . 
  i actually had only very good meals in sweden , definitely nothing like the usual `` rotten fish '' stereotype i heard about before going . 
  it 's not necessarly stuff i would eat everyday , but i really enjoyed it . 
  literally lucifer 's navy . 
  the right-wing and what used to be called the extreme right-wing are blending so much that this is debatable now . 
  it is , transmission of knowledge and parotting are different things . 
  this is why parrots or chimps were exactly the same 20.000 years ago and we 're not . 
   nowadays i never said europe did n't experience christian violence or terrorism , i said that currently , it 's non-existent . 
  my point is christian terrorism is virtually non-existent in europe nowadays . 
  the most radical christians in france march against gay marriage with their kids then go back home in their minivans . 
  radical islamists on the other hand ... well i 'm sure i do n't need to give the details . 
  if we were parrots we would be living on trees in the jungle , not planning to colonise mars . 
  critical thinking is literally the opposite of indoctrination . 
  human beings are by nature critical thinkers , this is why we 're the most advanced species on the planet : we challenge everything to discover new things . 
  indoctrination is locking up people in a set of beliefs or rules , very often absurds and based on imaginary things in the case of religion . 
  your first link on christian terrorism does n't even have a `` europe '' category though ... 
  which is why school should be a place free from it where kids can learn critical thinking . 
  the question is , which country does n't have a lot of polish people ? 
  the title is misleading , the court authenticated the document as not being a fake or altered , judges did n't have a say ( yet ) on the content of the document . 
  for now , there is no proof he got this money from gaddafi . 
  does n't matter how many documents or testimonies certify he received $ 50 million , no money = no proof . 
  i really hope they find it but it 's gon na be very , very hard . 
  of course , but very often people who live in nice buildings are not gon na let youngsters put graffitis everywhere or dump their trash everywhere because they want to keep it nice . 
  people who live in buildings that are shitty in the first place are not gon na put the same effort . 
  damn you denmark !, 
  we 're going to build a wall to keep these danish rains away and you 're going to pay for it . 
   it 's investment in the people that fixes these problems , not in the buildings . 
  actually it 's both . 
  a friend of mine is an architect ( finishing his studies to be accurate ) and want to design social buildings . 
  basically he explained to me how nice buildings can completely change a neighbourhood , have an effect on criminality and unemployement . 
  it does n't solve everything , but having people proud of where they live and enjoy coming back home after work can do a lot . 
  ah , of course a pole would have a thing to say to start an argument !, 
  `` you fucked up really bad , recognised it , apologised and paid for it , and now you suggest we do the same ??? 
  how dare you ?? '', 
  it is indeed oppressive , and it is only the uk in europe that has this stupid rule afaik . 
  do it in france , germany , italy or spain to name a few and no one will arrest you because it 's perfectly acceptable to be topless for a woman . 
  well companies , american or else , have very strong values until defending them means losing money . 
  nothing really new here . 
  the uk still does n't have a written constitution , it does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  yeah i exaggerated , but to say they did n't have any laws is ridiculous . 
  they were imposed new one they eventually adopted over time , just like we adopted roman laws after the gaul conquest , it does n't mean there were no gallic laws . 
   the previous tribes were very different than the europeans ( better in some points , crazier in other ) . 
  they did n't have laws , so , after they got independence they keep the laws from the european countries ( and some in africa keep the religion ) . 
  that 's a gross over simplification of africa before colonisation . 
  you really believe there were only lawless tribes eating each other ? ... 
  they had kingdom and dynasties ruling on huge territories . 
  i suggest you read about [ the kingdom of matamba ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_matamba ) and their [ queen anna nzinga ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nzinga_of_ndongo_and_matamba ) , or [ the mossi kingdom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mossi_kingdoms ) .
