  and it worked so well that now , almost all the country fallen behind are in nato as well . 
  and the big bad wolf is weaker and poorer than before , pretty much alone . 
   in the media it will definitely not be a clear-cut case . 
  public opinion support is important for these kinds of actions , so if the waters are not clear then it 's a lot more difficult to have public support for these actions . 
  `` why must we fight another war ? 
  was n't iraq enough ?!, 
  libya ? 
  and that 's just for my country in the past 5 years , not even the biggest member of nato . 
  do you think all these conflicts had unanimous popular support ? 
   and what kind of military objective does that fulfill . 
  how does that help estonia ? 
  it would simply drum up more support on the russian side to keep fighting the war . 
  and this is why we wo n't get to that , putin does n't want to have missiles and nukes aimed at saint-petersburg . 
  that was a pretty good show , a classic now , 
   a natural port to the baltic sea . 
  so , wwiii for a port ? 
  that 's the reason you give me ? 
   if estonia has already been conquered what do the 28 other countries have to gain by declaring war at that point ? 
  it 'll be `` that 's fucked up '' and then that 's that . 
  while article 50 binds the states , it still does n't guarantee that those countries will actually execute said policy . 
  so why do we sign a treaty in the first place if you think anyway no one is going to respect it ? 
  that 's a weird logic . 
  especially considering the billions spent by other members of nato to defend the eastern border and whose soldiers will be killed in case of invasion . 
  and if nato does n't react , it 's the end of nato , period . 
  no country will trust the treaty and that 'll be the end of it . 
   if russia denies that their troops are in estonia and there 's a pr war going on about which side is the truth , then i could easily buy that estonia would get occupied without the war cascading onto other nato countries . 
  it 's irrelevant , because estonia is a nato member , and the rest of nato members will listen to estonia , not the propaganda of the main enemy of nato . 
  everybody knows what 's going on in ukraine , did you ever hear a nato member saying something like : `` huh , maybe russians tell the truth , nothing it 's going on there ? '', 
   where exactly would they go ? 
  the north sea ? 
  somehow try to get into the baltic sea ? 
  yes , ready to blow up saint-petersburg from the baltic sea . 
  and this is why we 're moving towards an eu defence army , which is good . 
  what else can we do ? 
  so ... you pretty much summed up my point . 
  countries not in nato do n't get nato deterrent . 
  and your example with the philippines giving a middle finger to the us ( well at least its president ) is the perfect example of it . 
   you ca n't just draw a line in the sand and say ok , this is our yard and that over there is yours and please pinky swear that you will keep to your side and i promise i will keep to mine . 
  states do n't act like that . 
  lol , states exactly act like that , that 's why russia stays out of nato and eu countries . 
  alliances are exactly this : they make all its members stronger and keep the bully out . 
   spain has better force projection capabilities are you out of your mind ? 
  but that was never the point of nato deterrent in the first place ? 
  so , let 's say russia conquers estonia . 
  nevermind the huge movements of troops that would be spotted within seconds and would expose a reaction with a dozen nuclear aircraft carriers and submarines at the door of russia before they can reach the border , let 's just ignore that . 
  so russia successfully invades estonia , let 's ignore also the fact that they 're incapable to successfully do it completely in ukraine already , whatever . 
  what happens in the month following when 28 countries formally declare war to russia , including 3 nuclear powers . 
  tell me , what in the world has putin gained ? 
  what could possibly be in the baltics or eastern europe that is worth risking wwiii ? 
  that 's how an alliance works . 
  you 're in it or not . 
  or maybe we should divide all the eu funds as well we algeria , marocco , tunisia and libya because oh , they 're just on the other side of the mediterranean , it would be childish to refuse them in just because we 're lucky we 're on the good side , right ? 
  that i agree on , and if trump is elected there will be serious concerns about nato 's future . 
   the reason behind why ukraine gave up its nuke was that nato and russia promised to uphold their territory . 
  gave up its nuke it had no control over in the first place ? 
  russians had total operational control over them , they agreed to destroy them because they were absolutely useless anyway and russia already signed the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons so they could n't get them anyway . 
  i mean , you seriously believe ukraine was a sovereign nuclear power at some point ? 
  also , nato did n't promise shit . 
  there was not a treaty signed or anything , ukraine was never invited to be part of nato , you 're talking about the budapest memorandum on security assurances that has nothing to do with nato , and never guarenteed ukraine a military intervention in case of invasion . 
  there were sanctions against russia though . 
  but who care about things like facts , right ? 
  there are plenty of measures , the us alone allocated $ 2,7 b to reinforce nato presence in the region . 
  it 's just never enough and they keep saying russia will invade because muh , look at ukraine , look at georgia . 
  again , for the 100th time , ukraine and georgia ** are not nato or eu members , they 're isolated countries with no allies . 
  ** why the fuck do you people always forget that part ???? 
  and for your information , the us , france , the uk , iran , china launch cyber attacks everyday . 
  hell , the us got officialy exposed for having launched a cyber attack on the french presidential palace only a few weeks ago . 
  do you see the us as an irationnal state too ? 
  all the attacks of russia are very rationnal from their point of view , since they always carefuly avoid to attack a nato member or an eu member . 
  and they will never invade one because they would n't last a week if they did . 
  is the republic of moldova a member of the eu ? 
  is the republic of moldova a member of nato ? 
  no , so they can rightly shit their pants then . 
  for all the baltic states that you mentioned for example , i can understand their concerns about russia to some extend , but it 's getting a bit tiring to always listen to them mention isolated weak countries whereas they 're part of the most powerful military on the history of the fucking planet and the most powerful economic union . 
  so they should look at actual facts , like power balance , and understand that russia , a country with a smaller gdp than italy 's and shrinking , who never dared touch with a stick a nato member when they were almighty a few decades ago , will never do anything now . 
  the thing is , russia would go back to the stone age if they attacked an eastern european country member of the nato and the eu . 
  they would get utterly destroyed and have nothing to gain at all in this . 
  i see what you mean and maybe it 's a bit too much to expect regular classes in school to create fluent english speakers like in the netherlands for now , but still , we have a deep problem with foreign language teaching in france . 
  the fact that some kids get out of school without being capable to properly ask their way in english after years of studies is really a shame . 
  the education nationale is also in denial about this problem , stupidly refusing to see what countries who perform very well do and learn from them . 
  and you 're also correct , everybody has an accent . 
  but apart from italians or spanish , who has a worst accent and pronunciation than us ? 
  a lot of french people - especially young - are very self-conscious about their level in english , especially in an international environment like a student exchange program . 
  the french system is completely different from the american one where participation is highly praised in a classroom . 
  the american teachers i had made you speak , everybody at some point had to make a presentation or answer a question . 
  i was uncomfortable too at first , but you have no choice and rapidly you gain self confidence . 
  also my experience as a waiter in london , where i had no choice but to learn very fast helped me a lot . 
  i studied in korea and it was just like what you experienced , a big group of french that did n't mix with the rest very much . 
  a lot of them were very nice and eager to hang out with other foreign students , but they mostly gave up when they realised their english was n't good enough to keep up with conversations and jokes . 
  it 's kind of sad but on the other hand that was the opportunity to massively improve their level in a very short time . 
  some did it , and like me they have friends from all over the world . 
  the others , well , they have friends from all over france . 
  you 're not behind us i can assure you :( the dubbed movies and programs are a real cancer in france too , i still do n't get how people can enjoy that . 
  there is that of course , a french person can travel in a lot of places on every continent and still stay in french speaking territories so some do n't make the effort to learn a foreign language . 
  new generations are very different though , now it 's weird when someone below 30 does n't speak at least some english . 
  we learn it , does n't mean we learn it right . 
  i learned german as a first foreign language , then english and italian . 
  most students learn english as a first foreign language and spanish . 
  you ca n't get out of middle school without studying at least 2 foreign languages in france . 
  i 'm fluent in english , and have a few notions in german and italian but i 'm nowhere near capable to have a flawless conversation in these languages .
