  afghanistan or iraq ? 
  if you try to compare russia to afghanistan than you are just flat out retarded and no one can help you , i 'm afraid . 
  if you compare russia to iraq then you will find that the us was the main-factor during that invasion . 
  afghanistan or iraq ? 
  did you just get an attack or what ? 
  i started my sentence by ** `` france alone in the past 5 years intervened in libya , mali , centrafrica and syria/irak '' ** and you think i 'm talking about russia in iraq or afghanistan ? 
  what ? 
  let me ask you back : are you retarded ? 
  can you read and process words or you just make up things in your head ? 
   right , facts like the fact that the french population has allways been a strong supporter of their military , unlike in other european nations ? 
  or the facts that what i mentioned is the truth and a large part of a decision . 
  ( guess why some countries did n't participate in the iraqi invasion , weird right ? ), 
   but sure , apply france to every nation in europe . 
  because that makes sense ... for fucks sake . . 
  guess who else strongly supports its army ? 
  the us and the uk . 
  plus france , you have 90 % of nato , the rest will have to follow or will be kicked out of nato , period . 
   the greater impact of multiple , large political parties directly supporting russia . 
  in germany alone there is `` die linke '' and the afd , both most likely with very high results in the upcoming election . 
  in france it 's front national with strong ties to russia . 
   in a potential conflict with russia europe might run into strong opposition in their parlaments when trying to take action . 
  that would be relevant if article 5 needed parliaments approval to be triggered . 
  but it does n't . 
   because now you not only have very little support for such a conflict at home but also a potential paramilitary threat . 
  so suddenly germany and france have parliaments with a pro-russian majority , that 's interesting . 
  not based on anything remotely real or any fact , but interesting . 
  and what paramilitary threat are you talking about ? 
   look up russian military history and the history of their conflicts . 
  if i look up german military history , i should vote for a pro-russian candidate that would sign a military alliance with them against you because you 're our common enemy . 
  see how that does n't mean shit ? 
   well , back then only a few hundred thousand troops protected the border to the soviet satellite states . 
  hello , this is 2016 , where we do n't fight by sending massively little green men to protect borders . 
  you might read up on the new weapons developped in the past decades , you 'd be surprised how warfare and border protection has changed . 
   do i have to explain why that matters very little when you have dozens of splintered nations , all buying their own shit , training their own soldiers and speaking their own language and paying significantly more in salaries than russia . 
  it 's such a stupid and retarded argument that im hearing over and over again recited by left-wingers with no education in military matters . 
  and military joint exercises and operations , common equipment like standard ammunition and a central command that perfectly worked in afghanistan for example . 
  we were able to defeat and occupy a country thousands of kilometers away but within europe we would n't stand our position , which is by definition a lot easier than an offensive ? 
  and you condescendingly suggest i do n't know shit about military matters ? 
  well that 's ironic ...  nato leaders are what again ? 
  correct , heads of state . 
  what is important to heads of state ? 
  public perception . 
  what tanks public perception ? 
  when you act against the `` truth '' that people are led to believe . 
   use some common sense please . 
  yes , use some common sense and look at facts , not speculations based on your fantasies . 
  france alone in the past 5 years intervened in libya , mali , centrafrica and syria/irak . 
  but all these wars with our unemployment rate and economic situation had great public support , of course !!, 
  and you think we intervened thousands of kilometers from home but we would let a member of the european union we 're part of and that we founded wrecked ? 
  yes , get common sense please . 
  what greater impact are you talking about ? 
  russia is economically , military and politically weaker than ever . 
  sure their propaganda has some effect on some part of the population in europe , but even that is an absolute joke compared to the soviet propaganda when communist parties had 15 + % in national elections in western europe . 
  why would it have any effect on the decision makers ? 
  do you think merkel , hollande or mps use rt to know what 's going on outside nato 's borders ? 
   i feel that we 're arguing in circles . 
  indeed we are !, 
  my point is since nato exists , russia - or ussr at the time - never dared to touch with a stick a member , because all the successive leaders have been terrified of the possible consequences . 
  i mean , the ussr collapsed miserably without giving a fight , and had been constantly defied by leaders within ussr . 
  why , when russia was in a middle of the cold war , more powerful than it ever was , it did n't do anything against nato except proxy wars like afghanistan or vietnam ? 
  and now that it is economically weaker than ever , with a military that is partly completely outdated , it would attack ? 
  in the meantime , nato have more members than ever , more economic power than ever , and more military power than ever . 
  the point is not that nato would instantly nuke russia the minute a russian soldier set a foot in estonia for example , it 's just that russia would n't send a soldier to a nato member like it did n't for the last 67 years in the first year . 
  because on the contrary to what some people think , russia and putin are not entirely stupid and are also terrified of a total war with nato , and have been since the end of wwii . 
  that 's a fact . 
  the consequences of nato not reacting would be also terrible , the alliance would collapse , china will know the pacific is basically their , etc. . . 
  the us would lose its enormous influence and it 's just not going to happen . 
  so , nato will not uphold its commitment because you saw rt news on social media . 
  yeah , this port will make russia great again , sure that 's worth it . 
  nato is already a shit-show with turkey unable to un-fuck itself the last few years and most of europe cruising along saying `` 2 % military spending ? 
  nah fuck that ... '' a shit show that guarenteed the security of its members for 67 years . 
  in the meantime russia lost pretty much all its satellite states and struggling to get back a small part of ukraine . 
  but sure , nato is the shitshow . 
  and you do know that even with plenty of member not respecting the 2 % spending nato has 10 times the military budget of russia right ? 
   riiight , and now take a look at how many people believe the propaganda that rt is spreading while covering as a legit news outfit . 
  it 's all over europe . 
  france , germany , britain , sweden ... you name it !, 
  yeah because obviously , as we saw in georgia and ukraine , nato leaders follow rt to get their informations and fully supported russia . 
  no point in signing a treaty like nato then , since you 're convinced no one would follow its commitment . 
   that 's why nato should n't abandon ukraine , and moldova and georgia . 
  did they ? 
  did nato and the eu supported russia or heavily sanctionned it ? 
  did n't bush send condoleeza rice and sarkozy went to georgia himself to put an end to the conflict ? 
  did n't the us just organized a big military training in moldova that the pro-russian opposition condemned as `` an invasion '' ? 
  that 's what they get , they get support from nato , but as non-members , they do n't get the guarenteed military intervention full-members have . 
  and if a nuclear security shield and the guarentee 3 of the biggest militaries on the planet , including the us that is itself bigger than the 20 next bigger military powers is not enough , nothing will ever be . 
  explain to me how that means nato has to intervene military ? 
   except ww3 is not guaranteed . 
  nothing in these relations is ever guaranteed . 
  ...  okay , so we just create a new one . 
  league of nations -  united nations . 
  and it 's much more likely that there would just be amendments to the agreements , where they would somehow twist it out that it was okay for some of the nato nations not to react . 
  the league of nations like the un was just a platform where countries talked . 
  that 's it . 
  what does that have to do with a military treaty ? 
   countries are members of nato . 
  countries do n't always take official positions on everything . 
  sometimes it 's convenient for them not to say anything at all - just like when they divided europe after world war 2 and left a whole bunch of nation states under russian control . 
  end result is that those countries had half a century of falling behind . 
  yes , this is when we created nato , so no country would `` fall behind '' without the others to attack .
