   so you do n't think they use it as a leverage ? 
  even if it is new subsidies , i do n't see any difference . 
  leverage to do what exactly ? 
  did valeurs actuelles became a pro-socialist magazine ? 
  did they disappear ? 
  their sales have been continiously raising since hollande 's access to power . 
  and you do n't see the difference really ? 
  let 's say you have a comfortable salary and you 're doing well . 
  your company offers a bonus but you do n't get it . 
  now same situation but a big part of your comfortable salary is suddenly cut off . 
  you do n't see a difference between these two situations ? 
   compare that to the way they treated the edwy plenel case , and you 'll see how a governement make some difference between friends and foes so , he gets a major redressement fiscal , he shits on hollande continuously and his website revealed the whole cahuzac case that crushed hollande , but he is friend with the powa . 
  good , good . 
   want some solid examples ? 
  read this those are not solid examples , none of the things he listed affected the way journalists treated the government . 
  and if anything , the whole valeurs actuelles thing gave them a major media coverage and a raise in subscribtions . 
   get the most aid ? 
  not per news paper sold . 
  they still get the most aid , over 16 millions a year . 
   why do you think journalist have taxe advantage ? 
  why news papers are mostly supported by public money ? 
  it 's just to keep them prisoner of this system.and use it when you want to shut down a newspaper . 
  an exemple ? 
  fleur pelerin who wanted to shut down subsidies for news paper supporting front national . 
  ah great example you took , did you even read the article ? 
  these subsidies were ** new ** subsidies , they did n't exist before . 
  valeurs actuelles was living without them before and will continue to live without them now . 
  i 'd like to know how is it `` shutting down '' a newspaper to not give them subsidies they lived without so far . 
  and prisoner of what system ? 
  what governement as an entity has ever got from this ? 
  please give me solid examples ( this time read all the articles ) and not bullshit vague conspirationist crap . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than this . 
  basically the cgt sent the article to all newspapers to be published the next day . 
  they all refused , so they blocked the printing except for l'humanit\u00e9 who happily published the article . 
  everybody is shitting on the cgt right now , what they did is quite disgusting . 
  the idea is to maintain a plurality and to support new ones . 
  and the eu forbids favoring a company over another , not to provide financial aid . 
   but in fact , it 's a way for our governements to keep the press dependent of his good will ... yeah , le figaro , that gets the most aid , is clearly a pro-hollande paper . 
  the cgt , a private union , blocked the printing of private newspapers . 
  i do n't see what state-funded media has to do with this . 
  and i understand your concerns from a cuban point of view , but in democratic countries like france , the uk or the us , public media receive public money and that 's about it . 
  the state does n't get to choose the journalists or edit an article it did n't like . 
  if it did , no one would listen or read them anymore considering the large choice of private media . 
  no it is not , radio france or the bbc are great , but giving public money to privately owned ( very often by fucking billionaires ) newspapers is a problem . 
  that 's what everybody assumes to be fair . 
  we do strike a lot , and even if unions only represent a minority of workers , they still have a massive power and a lot of support from non-unionized workers . 
  so yes , union or not , people protest and strike a lot in france . 
  to give you an example , the first big protest against the labour reform was not organized by unions but by citizen movements . 
  they just jumped on the band-wagon when they realized cameras will be there . 
  7 to 8 % actually , but this is still one of the lowest rate among developed countries . 
  european fellows should also know this : newspapers if france get financial aid from the state , and this is massive , we 're talking about 400 millions a year . 
  without it , l'humanit\u00e9 would have ceased to exist a long time ago because their readership is too small . 
  i agree with you overall , but i think talking about slavery and starvation is a bit much . 
  ok i see your point , that was indeed not very accurate to illustrate my point . 
   at nickle farm in kent , we found a small army of largely romanian workers - lured here by a network of romanian employment agencies ** who pass them on to one here in britain called pro-force . 
  ** if you did n't even bother to read the article that explained everything we 've been telling you , at least you could have read the 2 lines i copy & pasted from it . 
  and if you do n't even want to accept a well documented practice i do n't see the point in discussing this any further . 
  but you have dozens of recruiting agencies who do this . 
  [ here is channel 4 investigating one . 
  ] ( http://www.channel4.com/news/supermarkets-exploitation-investigation-launched )  at nickle farm in kent , we found a small army of largely romanian workers - lured here by a network of romanian employment agencies who pass them on to one here in britain called pro-force . 
  hey do n't take it as a personnal attack against the uk , other rich european countries do this as well including france . 
  a lot of europeans from eastern europe just follow the harvest and move from regions to regions and countries to countries to get work . 
  they get badly exploited , this is a reality . 
  source : i 've seen it firsthand in champagne when i was doing the harvest as a student job . 
  ah actually you 're right , higher inequality rate would be the right expression then right ? 
   are employers very hesitant to hire young people in general ? 
  i can imagine it being hard to get a job as time goes by , especially if you do n't have any previous experience . 
  the problem is they 're hesitant to give a cdi , which is basically an unlimited contract . 
  the only way to fire an employee who has a cdi is either to pay him a shitload of money or wait for him to leave . 
  that should n't be a problem because there are alternatives like the cdd , which is limited contract ( for example 1 year ) . 
  but they are two problems with this , both for employers and employees . 
  first , an employer can renew the cdd only 2 times . 
  after that he 's forced to give his employee a cdi or tell him to find a another job . 
  a lot of employers would rather get a new employee than risking to end up in court in the future and pay a shitload of money . 
  second , for the employee a cdd means he has no chance to get a loan at the bank if he does n't have already a large amount of money ( inheritance ) , and it 's gon na be a nightmare to find a landlord that accepts a tenant with a contract like this because the eviction procedure is extremely slow in france . 
  so if he does n't pay , the landlord is kind of screwed and they 'd rather take someone with a cdi . 
   i am not sure if that is the best metric to use . 
  if we use this data it would mean that an american household is poor if they earn less than 27 000 usd a year . 
  it 's not the highest income , but it 's totally livable . 
  especially considering the low cost of living . 
  it 's true and the income is only one metric . 
  considering a poor in france has access to free healthcare , will have a pension of 460 $ a month no matter what , i 'd say you 're way better off in france than the us if you 're poor . 
  same thing for someone with a low wage , for a similar income he has access to a lot more things essential and a lot more help from the state than someone in the us . 
  also i would say that an american household ( so not a single person in a small flat ) with 27 000 usd a year is deeply struggling , even if they live in a small town . 
   very high inequality is n't good so i agree . 
  i do however think that allowing youth to enter the job market just for the experience is a good thing though . 
  considering the high youth unemployment rate in france i can see it difficult for french youth to get this experience . 
  i agree , right now all i want is to get to work , no matter the contract . 
  i 'll be more demanding in a few years , i have no problem with that . 
   it 's a very good system indeed . 
  however strikes like the one we see in the article is one of the reasons why it does n't work in france in the first place . 
  the relationship between the unions and trade confederations are generally pretty good in scandinavia due to both having a very pragmatic approach . 
  cutting down on wages and benefits are in general accepted among unions here if that is what it takes to stay competitive . 
  on the other hand trade confederations are willing to increase wages and benefits if the industry is doing good . 
  in general both are willing to cooperate for the common good . 
  here i must say france has something to learn !, 
  is n't it mandatory in denmark to join a union ? 
  i do n't think it 's well known but in france , unions represent only between 7 to 9 % of the total employees in the country . 
  in the us it 's 12 % !!!, 
  so unions in france represent almost nobody , which is a huge part of the problem .
