   in poland lived 3-3 ,3 mil jews . 
  in france roughly 200k-250k . 
  but you all keep saying only a few poles collaborated and the rest were heroes saving the jews . 
  why would they pick a place so hostile and not nazi-friendly france next door ? 
  surely the fierce polish heroes would n't have let nazis build giant death camps like auschwitz without sabotaging it . 
  makes no sense with the narrative . 
   what 's your point ? 
  figures do n't lie . 
  polish jews nearly totally disappeared , a large majority of french jews were saved . 
  again , makes no sense with your revisionnist narrative of poland , mostly heroes and few collaborators , france , puppet nazi-state fully collaborating . 
  at all . 
  and it hurts your feelings because the whole world can see your bullshit . 
   no one here deny that some poles collaborated with nazi-germans . 
  the thing is , number of those who in fact supported nazis is nothing in comparison to those who helped jews . 
  they did one hell of a bad job then . 
  they should take advice from others , because they failed massively . 
  massively as in worse than anybody else . 
   maybe you do n't usually notice such articles , or perhaps those deliberately changing the national affiliation of nazi german death camps , but that does n't mean nobody does . 
  and they appear worryingly often in international press . 
  maybe you 're so obsessed with this topic that you see these articles everywhere . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collaboration_with_the_axis_powers_during_world_war_ii#poland  some excrepts for you :  `` unlike in most european countries occupied by nazi germany -- where the germans sought and found true collaborators among the locals -- inoccupied poland there was no official collaboration either at the political or at the economic level . 
  [ 70 ] [ 71 ] poland also never officially surrendered to the germans . 
  [ 72 ] ''  `` there is a general consensus among historians that there was very little collaboration with the nazis among the polish nation as a whole , compared to other german-occupied countries . 
  [ 70 ] [ 71 ] [ 75 ] depending on a definition of collaboration ( and of a polish citizen , based on ethnicity and minority status ) , scholars estimate number of `` polish collaborators '' at around several thousand in a population of about 35 million ( that number is supported by the israeli war crimes commission ) . 
  [ 76 ] ''  `` however , research shows that at least as far as warsaw is concerned , the number of poles aiding jews far outnumbered those who sold out their jewish neighbours to the nazis . 
  according to the studies of historian gunnar s. paulsson , during the nazi occupation of warsaw 70,000 -- 90,000 polish gentiles aided jews , while 3,000 -- 4,000 were szmalcowniks , or blackmailers who collaborated with the nazis in persecuting the jews . 
  [ 88 ] '' so , exactly what i said then , you think you 're some kind of special snowflake and you 're only trying to prove the good role of the poles who were somehow the fiercest resistant fighters and collaborated the least with the nazis . 
  yet poland had the highest number of jews killed . 
   with the actual french government full-on collaborating with germany as a puppet vichy regime ? 
  not really . 
  that 's true pardon me , 75 % of the french jews survived and we have the 3rd largest jewish population in the world today . 
  ca n't be said about poland , that 's for sure . 
   stop baselessly accusing republic of poland of having any role in those sparse , individual crimes . 
  keep telling yourself not signing a surrender paper makes poland and the polish people innocent heroes . 
  now let me ask you a question , but i doubt you 'll answer it . 
  since poland was this awesome nazi-hating country , with less people collaborating than anywhere else apparently , why did the nazis picked you to build all these death camps ? 
  i mean , that 's kind of a weird decision considering france , with a `` full-on collaborating government '' is just next door . 
  is n't it ? 
   yet there appears to be an intense media campaign really ? 
  persecutory delusion much ? 
   the only party responsible for various atrocities [ ... ] lies on germany . 
  and now you went from a moderate position to straight up denial . 
  all occupied countries had active collaborators who were happy to help the nazis . 
  and poland is not a special snowflake , plenty of poles have a responsability in what happened . 
  same can be said for france , the netherlands or whatever country got conquered and occupied by germany in wwii . 
  that does n't mean there were n't brave polish resistant fighters or that the government in exile did n't do its share to help the allies , but stop pretending all the poles were either victims or heroes fighting the nazis . 
  this is not the reality . 
  i 'm saying the swiss system is working perfectly fine now , changing it can have dramatic consequences and i do n't see the point at all to risk this . 
  oh no i do n't think they would . 
  but their children will inherit them , and a good portion of them wo n't give them back for various reasons . 
  and they wo n't follow a proper training because it 's no longer a thing , and 30 years later you 'll have a mass shooting by a crazy yougster with what was a legally owned gun by his grandpa . 
  or he 'll murder his neighbour . 
  etc. . my point is switzerland has a very effective system regarding guns , and it 's working so well that it 's one of the safest country in europe and the world . 
  i would n't even think for a second about my country ( france ) adopting a similar system because it would probably be a disaster . 
  but i just recognise that guns are not a problem in switzerland , and they 're not affecting any other country with it . 
  this whole debate is just about making up imaginary problems . 
  holy shit i 'm never cycling in rural greece ever . 
  so you 'd rather have illegal guns going around than more guns but owned by registered and trained people ? 
  well it 's not like they 're hoping christine lagarde is going to open the letter herself , so i 'll go with `` do n't care '' . 
  you do n't seem to understand what i 'm saying so i 'll repeat it again : abstainers vote pretty much the same than voters . 
  i did n't say they vote fn all the time for every election . 
  that means abstainers simply would n't change the outcome of an election , whatever the parti that won . 
  here is another example [ with the regional elections . 
  i usually put an `` edit '' , but since i posted and edited right away i did n't this time . 
  does n't change the fact that abstainers vote pretty much the same than voters . 
  the example i took is very relevant because when the fn won , people just blamed abstention . 
  as if people who did n't even bother to vote were all eu leftist lovers . 
  the fact is these people are often even angrier and more unhappy about `` the system '' , which is why they do n't vote in the first place . 
  force them to and you 'll realise abstention was actually not that bad . 
  there is a link in my comment . 
  not really , studies showed that people who do n't vote would vote pretty much the same than the one who did . 
  the idea that abstainers are somehow less extremist is just a comforting myth . 
  for example , at the last european elections [ abstainers would have given the front national a higher score . 
  ] ( http://www.ifop.com/media/poll/2666-1-study_file.pdf ) and the front national won that election . 
  we were talking about eu residents who could vote at the last referendum and might not in the next one , why are you talking about americans all of the sudden ?? 
  but you could enslave them , which is a lot more complicated than just killing them . 
  which is the part you chose to ignore . 
  i see , but would n't it be a legal clusterfuck ? 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  but if the referendum takes place in 2018-19 , i do n't think the uk will effectively be out of the eu yet . 
  then it would be the same than the last referendum i assume and eu residents will vote . 
  so you were too backward to hunt and kill them , but you were advanced enough to hunt and enslave them . 
  you do n't make sense buddy . 
  [ dr. viorel achim is a romanian scholar ] ( http://www.iini-minorities.ro/ro/membri/viorel-achim/cv ) who wrote a book about romani in romanian history . 
   in romanian historiography the appearance of the gypsies in romanian territory was linked to the mongols ( tatars ) .31 nicolae iorga believed that the gypsies arrived in the romanian principalities together with the mongol invasion of 1241.32 other historians shared this view .33 the gypsies in the romanian lands were seen as a legacy of the tatars . 
  the tatars supposedly brought them to this part of europe , whilst the gypsies remained after the withdrawal of the tatars as the slaves of the romanians . 
  the theory is based on the fact that the institution of slavery is attested to in romanian lands from the first official documents , so it is presumed that the practice existed before the founding of the principalities . 
  gypsy slaves , therefore , would have existed from the mongol period , i.e. 
  from the thirteenth century . 
  another opinion states that the tatar slaves referred to even earlier than gypsy slaves in moldavian documents were in fact gypsies from an ethnic point of view .34 they were gypsies brought by the tatars as slaves , whose ownership was taken over by the romanians . 
  the tatar slaves from the moldavian documents were seen as the first wave of the gypsy population to arrive in romanian lands ; the second wave would have been that which arrived from the south of the danube beginning in the fourteenth century . 
  i 'll concede he 's a bit more cautious than the wikipedia article and explores different work of historians , i did n't go through all of it but [ you can start at page 24 there to make up your mind . 
  ] ( http://books.openedition.org/ceup/1549 ), 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people_in_romania#demographic_history ), 
  true but the situation is quite different this time . 
  although i hardly see if they allowed them to vote last time how they could tell them they ca n't this time . 
  i guess it 'll all depend on what kind of brexit will happen . 
  ah ok , i did n't know . 
   i wonder if westminster will allow eu nationals in scotland to vote , there are 115,000 eu nationals in scotland and those votes could make a significant difference .
