  but spanish ? 
  hell , thousands of `` sanchez '' were settlers in algeria , and they were the first supporters of le pen when they had to leave to go to france after the war . 
  really , really bad question . 
  there is no official statistics , le monde says the estimation is [ between 15 % and 30 % . 
  ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2016/07/18/retour-en-france-apres-l-alya_4971214_3224.html ), 
  so first , you said * `` birth rates , are projected to decline significanty '' * , completely talking out of your ass , with nothing to back that up and going against what anybody qualified on the subject is saying . 
  then confronted to a un report made by a division of people who dedicated their lives to study this particular subject it 's * `` highly speculative and barely account for other democraphic changes '' * , still talking out of your ass with nothing to back up anything you said . 
  i 'm gon na leave now . 
   where are these projections from ? 
  [ the united nations population division . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/global-development-professionals-network/2016/jan/11/population-growth-in-africa-grasping-the-scale-of-the-challenge ), 
  mmmh i see . 
  well the problem with french and german is learning one of them does n't really help for the other . 
  i 'd say french should be easier for you as a portuguese , and afaik germany 's job market is definitely more friendly to someone who speaks french , english and a bit of german than the french job market is to someone who speak english , german and a bit of french . 
  but if you do n't want to move to france , maybe you should focus on german . 
  for the anecdote , a spanish friend of mine told me a story not too long ago . 
  one of his best friend moved to paris to start a new job . 
  he sent an email in english , sent his cv in english and had the interview in english . 
  he got the job and moved to paris , without speaking french . 
  first day , his manager welcomes him and introduces him to the team by saying in english : `` hey everyone , say hi to juan your new colleague . 
  he 's from spain and does n't speak french , so do n't forget to speak english during reunions and when you send him an email . '', 
  that 's the first and only time anybody used english . 
  not really , it 's illegal in france to collect data on ethnicity and religion as well . 
  oh i agree on this , it 's still a very powerful diplomatic language , but yeah i think everyone can agree that putting french on par with english really is a stretch . 
  as much as i appreciate reading a foreigner defend the french language , it is an exaggeration to say that nowadays french is as powerful as english . 
  well , it all depends why do you want to learn german or french . 
  [ it 's a myth that has been debunked a million time . 
  ] ( http://www.snopes.com/language/apocryph/german.asp ), 
  holy shit , how many drowned this time ? 
   my country ( and others too ) should learn from those methods . 
  unfortunatly , i have little hope that it will happen here . 
  the reality is countries acquire this kind of expertise the hard way . 
  this is what is happening in france now we 're exposed to a lot of attacks . 
   true , and i do n't want to get too much into what-ifs here but i ca n't imagine it would be that way if france had n't been kicked out of n. america prior to the war . 
  absolutely , things would have been very different if france had managed to keep territories in north america . 
   so i do n't think there 's really any enmity between spain and the us . 
  it 's not what i meant , it 's just that war have consequences for the image of the country . 
  so , for example , i 'm pretty sure there was n't a lot of classes at university in the us or history books printed about how spain helped in the independance war at the end of the 19th century and the years following the conflict . 
  i has an impact on the long run for the collective memory . 
  of course , spain 's involvement was different for the reasons you stated , but i think the view americans have of france 's role in their revolutionnary war has a lot to do with the fact france has always been an ally of the us and never had a military conflict with it . 
  also , the cultural ties between american founders and france was a lot stronger . 
  could it be because of the spanish -- american war ? 
  these kind of events have consequences for history books and collective memory unfortunately . 
  ooops you 're right , half of it , my bad . 
  it 's a bit more complex than that . 
  there is both private and public funding in france , depending on how well you fare in elections . 
  right now , the fn ( and other parties ) are trying to get funding for the presidential elections . 
  if they do more than 5 % , they 'll get fully reimbursed of everything they spent during the campaign . 
  and they will do more than 5 % . 
  it actually raises a question that a party which is guarenteed to get the money back after the election , regardless of what one might think of this party , struggles to get funding . 
   i guess the direct equivalent to the commandos marine would be the sbs for the uk . 
  the special boat service generally come from the royal marines and navy whereas the special air service generally come from the parachute regiment but recruit from the entire army . 
  maybe you 're right , the commandos parachutistes would be closer to the sas and the commandos marine would be the equivalent of the sbs . 
  i 'm a big fan of frederick forsyth who alway extensively talks about british special forces , and i remember clearly when he explained that there was n't that much difference between sbs and sas . 
  they both are capable of ... well anything really . 
  they 're all formidable soldiers . 
   sorry for another question but i always thought gign were comparable to the sas , navy seals the french equivalent of the sas or the seals would be the `` commandos marine '' , which are under the authority of the cos ( commandement des op\u00e9rations sp\u00e9ciales ) that regroups all the special force units of the army . 
  the cos was actually inspired by the british uksf ( united kingdom special forces ) and the ussocom ( united states special operations command ) and was created in 1992 . 
  [ heretic . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtsfpbbneco ), 
  i always read they would fine british teams if they ignored the warning . 
  fifa really is a cancer . 
  well the british bombers of dresden were just soldiers executing orders , not fanatics . 
   turkey is drifting away fairly dramatically in that regard , but you of course have massive amnesia of the last 10 , especially 5 , years . 
  and you do n't know much about turkey 's history . 
  a little idea of the background before the military coup of 1971 , 45 fucking years ago :  by january 1971 , turkey appeared to be in a state of chaos . 
  ** the universities had ceased to function . 
  ** students emulating latin american urban guerrillas robbed banks and ** kidnapped us servicemen , also attacking american targets . 
  ** the homes of university professors critical of the government were bombed by neo-fascist militants . 
  factories were on strike and more workdays were lost between 1 january and 12 march 1971 than during any prior year . 
  ** the islamist movement had become more aggressive and its party , the national order party , openly rejected atat\u00fcrk and kemalism , ** infuriating the armed forces . 
  [ 4 ] demirel 's government , weakened by defections , seemed paralyzed , powerless to try to curb the campus and street violence and unable to pass any serious legislation on social and financial reform . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1971_turkish_military_memorandum ) again , nothing new in what is happening now for turkey , unless you do n't know shit about its history . 
  exactly , people really have a short-term memory . 
  turkey joined nato in 1955 , then had a military coup in 1960 . 
  then in 1971 . 
  then in 1980 . 
  then in 1997 . 
  there is nothing really new in the current situation . 
  i expected to be like : `` i knew almost all of these already '' but it was very informative , thanks !, 
  most likely not . 
  the past 2 months were all about the right primaries , now it 's about the left primaries . 
  she stayed relatively quiet but after january and the left primaries is done she 'll be everywhere and will raise again . 
  unfortunately . 
  i see , thanks . 
   as i said early the argument seems plausible with spain , but falls apart very quickly when you look at poland ( cheap healthcare and hardly any brits in poland vs expensive healthcare and the largest ) . 
  i think its more down to the nhs been free at the point of use and not keeping records of non-uk citizens who use the service . 
  while other healthcare systems are insurance based so they are designed around billing items to particular patents , making it easier to track how much has been spent on non-citizens as that information is something collected for every patient . 
  you may be right , i do n't know enough about how the nhs and british hospitals work . 
  and my example about spain and france do n't apply to poland , i agree . 
  but do n't you have private insurance in the uk as well ? 
  i thought it worked pretty much the same way it does here in france , a lot is funded by the public system but there are also stuff that are not covered and you need a private insurance . 
  i remember having a conversation with a british about how dental care is crazy expensive in the uk ( it 's the same in france ) , he had to go get new teeth abroad . 
  subhumans who represent [ 80 % of the 40 richest people in malaysia . 
  ] ( http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/business/2012-02/03/content_15781890.htm ), 
  yes i was talking about the sky article . 
  ok , that 's just a guess but i think it has to do with what kind of people are coming to the uk and leaving the uk to work abroad . 
  spanish or french going to the uk are going there to work , i was part of them . 
  i had a national insurance card and paid taxes to the nhs . 
  now a retiree in spain is obviously unemployed .
