  also , outside of italy mussolini did pretty much nothing contrary to hitler . 
  for us ( france ) it 's all flowers and shit !, 
  ok there is an axe on top but it 's just because we like to behead bad guys only . 
  bad guys only i swear !, 
  come back !, 
  ca n't help but imagine the outrage there would be in the us if the biggest public channel aired this in a summer tv show for kids . 
  fort boyard gave me wanking material all my teenage years . 
  thank you , france 2 . 
   still your fluidy body parts contain incomparable amounts of bacteria actually it 's the opposite for urine , it contains very few bacterias , so little [ that it was thought to be sterile until recently . 
  ] ( https://www.sciencenews.org/blog/gory-details/urine-not-sterile-and-neither-rest-you ) shit on the other hand is pretty bad . 
  eurostat gets its figures straight from the states , in the case of france the stats come from the cities who collect the data ( and the taxes ) and send it to the minister in charge of tourism . 
  actually no , in paris airbnb pays a tax like any hotel and sends everything to the city ( the tax is paid for every night a guest spends in the airbnb/hotel ) , so their numbers are included and very accurate . 
  do you ever regret picking this username 4 years ago ? 
  aaaand of course / r/ofcoursethatsathing is a thing . 
  damn it . 
  i 'm getting confused now . 
  you ca n't die of gangrene in your bed ? 
  no , louis xiv said `` l'etat , c'est moi '' ( not `` la france c'est moi '' ) , but he implied it turned bad for him afterwards , thinking of louis xvi . 
  he did kind have to deal with them when his head was cut off in the middle of a square . 
  it was louis xvi btw , louis xiv is the sun king and he died in his bed . 
  i know what the scandal is and how detrimental it is for his rethoric , but i do n't know how you can claim he 's destroyed and has no credibility now . 
  considering how often a politician is exposed to this kind of scandal in this country , it 's impossible to tell the consequences it will have on his score . 
  maybe it will destroy him , maybe tomorrow the front page of le monde will be about macron and his swiss bank account and everybody will forget about fillon . 
  i 'm not talking about my personal opinion ( i think we have the same views of it ) , but the general public has a huge tendency to forget extremely fast . 
  it 's a presidential campaign , shit like this is going to come out every week for the next 3 months . 
  we have absolutely no idea at this point the consequences this story might have . 
  this is completely ridiculous to claim it `` destroyed everything he 's been going on about for the last few months and any credibility he had '' . 
  ridiculous . 
  and please explain to me how m\u00e9lenchon , a far-left candidate , is going to benefit from that ? 
  the conservative right wing voters of fillon are going to turn to someone who praises fidel castro because of this ? 
  are you for real ? 
   the most obvious candidate to face le pen has probably just lost at least a third of his potential voters , leaving the door wide open for macron and melenchon . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  we do n't even know if we 'll be talking about it next monday , and now m\u00e9lenchon is gon na take his spot ? 
  everything you said is on point , i 'd just add that the reserves you mentionned are around 100 million $ which is insane . 
  they 're basically untouchable . 
  you do understand that a president or a head of state is not a king right , that an arrest warrant is issued by a judge ? 
  that putin would have to to be charged first ? 
  which is exactly what president hollande wanted to do ? 
  when did putin visit france lately ? 
  and that 's besides the point , you said `` no one here is even suggesting that belgium or other nation arrests putin for war crimes '' , that 's bullshit and i proved it . 
  whataboutism and you do n't recognise you were wrong , i 'm done with you . 
  [ boom , wrong . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37611151 ), 
  a few british in this thread oddly seem to think this is done , there is now a united `` anglo block '' who is going to dominate the world . 
  it 's weird . 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
   response was `` but , / u/trucidator , how could you vote leave ? 
  you speak italian ! '', 
  lies !, 
  i do not believe your real first name is trucidator , reveal yourself devil !, 
  interesting , that actually could be possible . 
  when i read `` intoxicated '' i pictured a drunk guy rolling on the floor , but it makes sense that it could cause headaches . 
   in all seriousness , if the geopolitical climate changed drastically enough that the us suddenly became our enemy then i 'm sure we would start working on such a programme . 
  as long as the us did n't start a nuclear conflict with us during that time , we would be fine . 
  well that 's quite an unlikely scenario , so you 're definitely fine for a while !, 
   as a side note , i 'm sure i 've read about some countries ( possibly japan ? ), 
  which do not keep nuclear weapons but have systems in place to build one if they need to . 
  ah , never heard of that . 
  if you have articles on this i 'd be interested . 
  nikos aliagas in greece ... what the actual fuck . 
   it is certainly within our capabilities to produce a similar delivery system if needs be . 
  no doubt about it , the question is in how long . 
  it can potentially leave you powerless ( relatively speaking of course ) for years . 
  well it can have a big effect . 
  it 's like a married couple working together and divorcing , on one hand they 're fighting each other tooth and nail to get the custody of the kids , and on the other hand they have a great working relationship ? 
  seems not very likely unfortunately . 
   you can be intoxicated also only by the alcohol vapour and fumes even if you do n't drink . 
  ok , do you have a source for that ? 
  because that 's the first time i 've ever heard such a thing . 
  i disagree , her father was like that , but she wants the power badly , hence she 's trying to `` clean up '' the image of the party . 
  but why did you resist so much !, 
   made this monument for you !, 
  you are the lion ( british ) in top of the eagle ( french ) and we made this to thank you for your support against the french invasions . 
  that is so mean portugal : /, 
   you mean asda ? 
  which is already owned by walmart without this fta . 
  meh , that was a cheap joke to illustrate my point , i should have done some research i guess   you do n't think that the british government would happily concede plenty to america or russia or china just so they have a stronger arm against the eu ? 
  unless the eu gives to british government a fairer and more mutually beneficial option then i 'm certain our government would shoot itself as long as the eu gets shot as well . 
  may has made that worryingly clear . 
  that 's what i said , i just pointed out the problems that come with it . 
  i think we agree overall , and the future looks quite bad for everybody in all of this . 
  everything comes down to how far may is willing to push in the negociations and how much the eu will concede without looking `` weak '' . 
  the thing is , the fta you 're dreaming about can only happen 2 ways . 
  the long way , and it 's gon na take 10 years . 
  trump wo n't even be around anymore . 
  or the short way , in a few months or a year . 
  problem is , the uk would get eaten alive with this 2nd option because let 's be clear , the uk is a dwarf next to the us ( like any country except china , nothing personal ) . 
  you would have to concede so much , and accept so many american regulations with this that brexiters will understand the pain when the only cheddar they 'll find at ~ ~ tesco ~ ~ walmart will be thin orange layers of plastic . 
  and that 's assuming people will be behind trump for this , i doubt his average voters care much or will be much involved in the process of making that agreement . 
  as obama 's 8 years at the white house have shown , `` wanting '' something is very different from getting it done . 
  ah , yeah , less visa restrictions , clearly a pillar of trump 's program . 
  well , you read wrong then . 
  ah , funny because i originally put `` more '' exactly there and thought it was wrong . 
  wo n't make the mistake again now !, 
  seems wrong then , because we get a lot . 
   get a lot of bang for the buck . 
  new expression learned !!, 
  wait , what does it mean actually ? ... 
  because the victim did n't press charges in france .
