  cool , you found out about wikipedia . 
  do n't display all your knowledge of the different variant of the french language at once , it 's overwhelming . 
  seriously , 2 out of 3 examples in this ridiculously short take on acadian has [ citation needed ] at the end because he does n't even have proper references . 
  acadian evolved its own way , just like any other language . 
  and  the french language in canada is more like old french than modern french spoken in france today is still bullshit . 
  religious establishments are essential part of every culture , whether you like it or not . 
  i 'm totally atheist , that does n't mean i 'm not interested in visiting religious places . 
   you also think that your personal experience with quebecois insults and whether or not i speak french has any bearing on the topic . 
  of course it has a bearing , you 're trying to lecture me on the evolution of my mother tongue you do n't even speak mate ... 
  i mean  french is not some special snowflake it 's a language like any other . 
  exactly , and no language in the world remained similar for hundreds of years . 
   why even bring up insults specifically ? 
  you seem triggered . 
  it was just an example ... insults in qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois is a topic that always comes up when french and canadian talk , we think their insults are funny and not insulting at all and they think our insults are weird . 
  but you do n't speak french , so i 'm not really surprised you do n't understand why i chose this to illustrate my point . 
  anyway , only foreigners who do n't speak a word of french bring up this non-sense about french canadian being closer to `` old french '' . 
  no french speaking person will ever tell you this . 
  make your own conclusions . 
  holy shit , no offense but your post made me cringe . 
  french speakers are not a minority in qu\u00e9bec , where most of the french-speaking canadians live . 
  english was never the majority language in qu\u00e9bec . 
  it is in the rest of canada 's provinces . 
  qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois can live their whole life speaking only french because it 's the official language with english . 
  their french is no more a static language than french is in france , belgium or cameroun . 
  it 's been evolving on its own since the beginning , and the most used insults in qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois never existed in french from france ever . 
   my understanding is that the french pursued language standardization much more agressively than the germans , so i would n't be surprised to see a similar effect , particularly in rural french speaking communities in canada , though i expect there would be less of these communities because canada is cold . 
  sorry but your understanding of french ( a language i assume you do n't speak at all ) is terrible and i ca n't even imagine how you came to the conclusion that canada being cold had an effect on the way they speak french . 
   the french language in canada is more like old french than modern french spoken in france today . 
  it 's like saying american english is more like old english than modern english spoken in britain today . 
  it 's pure crap . 
  interesting , now let 's figure out a way to link that to brexit . 
   european cities have retaken that by being much easier to make environmentally sustainable . 
  it 's an extremely recent shift , like 30 or 40 years old top . 
  the higher density and higher oil prices certainly forced us to as well . 
   also , does anyone know why it 's so much more common for the middle class to live in apartments in europe , even in the suburbs ? 
  density . 
  big european cities spread slowly for a long time , the expansion was slower and people where staying as close as possible to the city , while in the us cities expanded much faster and people already had easier way to commute to the centre and could afford to have a large house far from it . 
  but richmond and wimbledon are both on district line , like westminster . 
  13 stops from it in the case of wimbledon . 
  sure , these are rich suburban areas , but easily accessible by metro ( not even suburban trains or special bus ) , so not really comparable to the us suburbs described in the video that are strictly separated from the city . 
  a bunch of chavs from whitechapel could sit in the tube and end up in wimbledon without having to stand up . 
  try to find something similar in the us . 
   which even though is not the mortal sin it once was * cough * cough [ like it ever was ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_viii_of_england ), 
   if islam did n't exist , those radical people would be catholics yeah , no . 
  it 's not how it works . 
  because your shops/restaurants overprice french , spanish and italian wines . 
  source : french who worked in london for a year as a waiter . 
  it 's too bad because mixing intelligently polish and french gives stuff like chopin and marie curie ... well , it wo n't happen with kownacki i guess . 
  oh yeah the netherlands , where people making a movie about islam get shot and beheaded in broad day light in the middle of the street . 
  veil was banned in countries like tunisia or iran for example before islamists grew and took control or started to have a great influence . 
  [ tunisian president was even removing the veil of women in front of the cameras . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atwnbksknrc ) nasser in egypt used to [ mock openly the muslim brotherhood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx4rk8bj2w0 ) for their backward ideas of women . 
  let 's not even talk of afghanistan in the 70s which was the country where hippies from all around the world were coming to have sex and drugs . 
  radical islamism as we know it today is very much a modern concept that emerged in the 70s and 80s . 
  it is absurd , because they 're comparing apple to oranges . 
  how can you take a country like afghanistan , where girls can have acid thrown at their face for going to school , and a country like the us where people start movements like `` free the nipples '' ? 
  it 's nonsense , the debate around women issues are completely different between well developped countries and third-world shitholes . 
  there is no 60 years old men marrying 12 years old girls in the us or spain , it 's just not even remotely a concern . 
  access to education is a good criteria as well as access to healthcare , but the rest are nonsense . 
   i 'm finding it was negativity from people who , funny enough , have never traveled . 
  they 're the worst , in the us or anywhere else . 
   i 'm an american and was a little worried that i would n't be received well . 
  fuck i ca n't believe people in 2016 still think that . 
  not blaming you or anything , it was just never true since the us has been founded but somehow people will say that . 
   until i return to the reality and look out of the window to the cold pitch dark finnish fall : :( it 's beautiful too , just different , 
  you do know that turkey and saudi arabia are literally the biggest us allies in me , 100 % aligned on the same policy ? 
  [ you can read the new york times explaining how saudis and americans are working together to train `` rebels '' in syria . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/24/world/middleeast/us-relies-heavily-on-saudi-money-to-support-syrian-rebels.html?_r=0 ) the name of the operation is called timber sycamore , and they 're so open about it that they call journalists to explain the details of the whole thing . 
  you apparently do n't know much about the subject to find weird saudis and americans back the same groups ... 
  i do n't think anyone seriously considers what 's going in syria as a black and white situation , everybody knows it 's a clusterfuck at this point . 
  the original `` bad assad vs good rebels '' is long gone , even in the media that as you rightly said covered the conflict like this at the beginning . 
  [ the us openly supports jihadists known for their savagery in syria but will refer to them as `` rebels '' , ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michael-hughes/us-support-for-al-qaeda-l_b_10089410.html ) it 's not an obscure conspiracy theory , it 's basically what the us have been doing for the past 40 years in the me and al qaeda and the talibans are the flagships of this policy . 
  the us is not the only one , france or the uk among others have tacitly or actively supported this . 
  when i see how many bullshits are being said about france , especially in recent years , i can totally understand that . 
  it 's really infuriating and except patiently trying to explain that it is all crap on a platform like reddit , there is not much to do unfortunately . 
  i even have this weird habit sometimes to look for articles that i know will annoy the hell out of me . 
  i do n't understand why i inflict that to myself but i just do . 
  i see , well despite the backlash from some people who misunderstood my genuine intention to learn about this subject from a local point of view , i 'm glad i got what i wanted with your replies , very interesting . 
  i 'll keep that in mind next time i see a documentary or read an article on the subject that depicts croatians as ustashe nostalgics , thanks . 
  i 've never heard bad opinions about croats and serbs in france , probably some ignorance and stereotypes ( me included , i 've never been there but i intend to visit the balkans ) , but no animosity or bad feelings . 
  but you 're right , i 've visited quite a few countries , including supposedly dangerous ones like colombia , and people are pretty much always nice . 
  a bit colder there , a bit warmer here , a bit shy there , but overall good people . 
  anyway i was n't trying to judge croats or blame them for anything , i was just trying to learn something but apparently some people misunderstood me . 
  thank you for reply , people got agressive really quickly itt . 
   they are not really perceived at all . 
  there is little talk about anything with regards to them , unless you interview your stereotypical 17 year old nationalist wannabe , which is simply because it 's the age kids act out on the `` wolf-pack '' mentality . 
  so pretty much what you can find here in france or any european country as well , nothing special to croatia . 
   personally i think it was a terrible decision to align yourself with the nazi agenda , but i do n't think you could ever blame a whole nation of people for the actions of a puppet state that ensured obedience through fear . 
  totally agreed , again we went through the same thing as well in wwii . 
  next time i 'll read or watch something on the subject , i 'll be more informed , thank you !, 
  yeah it 's always nice to have pocket money !, 
  i actually did n't know that some countries paid for military service . 
  first , thank you giving me a real reply and not `` this is all bullshit '' i got from others . 
   an example ? 
  they are all similar , that 's why they fall under the same umbrella , except maybe for their end goal ( `` masterplan '' so to speak , that 's different for each nation - but the means to achieve it and the nature of the goal is again similar across all fascist movements ) . 
  so yeah we agree , they 're similar but have a different ultimate goal depending where they 're from . 
  perception though is different and some have a lot of supporters while others are marginalised . 
   yes , you could have trouble with locals , but with the police as well because it 's against the law . 
  for example , this guy got parole and a fine for wearing a hat with ustashe insignia ( the pic ) . 
  interesting link , it confirms that what i saw in the documentary i was talking about initially is bullshit and ustashe supporters are not the norm or tolerated .
