  journalists are almost never allowed in combat areas , it 's nearly impossible to make a documentary like [ restrepo ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1559549/ ) for example . 
  so , most informations come directly from the high command and it 's very hard for the press to cross-check them . 
  not that other countries like the us let reporters roam freely around , but they are definitely more lax . 
  incidentally , we have less details on what exactly is done and when they are actually hiding stuff . 
  you looked pretty damn serious to me . 
  poland is the 5th biggest european country with the 5th biggest population . 
  it 's absolutely not a small country for europe , it 's a major one . 
  and they have plenty of mountains . 
  not sure what you tried to explain by that . 
  yeah , let 's rewrite history , shall we ? 
  we got invaded by germany , we fought and lost , we surrendered . 
  that 's history , it happened and i have no problem with that . 
  there is no point in trying to argue against it , so i 'd rather move on . 
  now you do n't see french people going around and mocking poles for being literally butt-fucked by germany then russia for decades , so why do n't you get some sense of decency and keep quiet about these kind of jokes ? 
  yeah , you guys are all heroes who fought so well to the end , and the french gave up without a fight blablabla . 
  i do n't really mind this american joke , sometimes it can be even funny , but i 'm honestly puzzled when it comes from people whose countries have basically been the bitch of others for decades . 
   but the uk undoubtly has more power projection than the french . 
  again , i gave you all the elements to explain why the uk can virtually do nothing without an aircraft carrier . 
  you can not move any of your fighter jets without france or the us giving you a spot on theirs . 
  you can not bomb any countries without the help of france or the us . 
  you can not have air support for your troops on the ground without the help of france or the us . 
  you will in a few years , when your aircraft carrier will be delivered . 
  sorry but global firepower is a bullshit source . 
  the uk and france have roughly the same defence budgets and military power . 
  except for the aircraft carrier , that completely put france ahead of the uk for projection power . 
  seriously , ask any military expert he will tell you the same . 
   you guys very rarely act on the world stage as you are so tied down to the eu and you are incapable of acting independently of germany . 
  ok , you seriously do n't read any news or what ? 
  france was acting alone in mali ( with a little logistical help from the us ) , was the biggest contributor in lybia , has been bombing syria for a while whereas the uk only voted to join a couple months ago . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  and about your bullshit claim about british cultural superiority . 
  lol , i lived in london for a while , never heard such non-sense . 
  it 's 2016 , britain and france are old countries who used to have big colonial empires , but these days are long gone . 
  your ex-colony india is buying for billions $ of rafale french-made jet fighters , not british eurofigters because they do n't give a crap about your supposed `` special relationship '' . 
  we live in a globalised world , commonwealth countries do n't look up to you and wo n't die for you anymore . 
  and five eyes seriously ? 
  france has a mass-surveillance system as well , and that 's not a fucking thing to brag about . 
  but if you get a boner because your government plus 4 others are monitoring what you do , good for you . 
  edit : spelling, 
  lol , i thought only americans were as delusionals as this . 
  [ the uk wo n't have an operational aircraft carrier before 2020 ** at best ** . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/9117367/navy-aircraft-carrier-plans-hit-by-further-delays.html ) right now , british pilots * learn french * to work on the charles de gaulle aircraft carrier because guess what ? 
  they 're stuck in britain otherwise . 
   work is already underway , with british pilots learning french in preparation for deployment on france 's aircraft carrier . 
  have a fun read mate , reality can be hard sometimes . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  the uk does n't even have a functionning aircraft carrier , france is actually the only country with the us and russia to be able to bring nuclear jet fighters at the door of any country of the planet within days . 
   though not with lard . 
  how dare you . 
  funny that you 'd say that , i 'm french and i find our kebabs terrible compared to what you can find in germany . 
  the original croissant definitely comes from austria , but the croissant everybody eats today is definitely french . 
  it 's marie-antoinette who was austrian who introduced it in france ( at the time , food was mostly first adopted by royalty then it would become popular among regular people ) but it was more a kind of bread in a crescent form . 
  it 's only in the late 1800s that the croissant that became known worldwide with thin layers of dough and lot of butter was created . 
  nope , it 's from austria and the crescent form was chosen to celebrate the fact they repelled the turks . 
   defending itself involved , in part , taking the territory their enemies used to surround them from strategically key areas . 
  thank you but i perfectly know the propaganda isra\u00ebl uses to justify their bullshit colonisation . 
  and you can quit quoting wikipedia , i know what happened and it is still not a justification for what they did and what they continue doing . 
  they kicked the ass of every single country around , and all of them would not dare try to attack isra\u00ebl ever again . 
  the idf is more powerful than all of them combined . 
  there is no `` defence of the territory '' , there is just expansion of its territory and war was a good justification for it . 
   it was during this war that israel captured gaza ... from egypt - and capture the west bank ... from jordan . 
  wait ... 
  so isra\u00ebl did n't only defend itself ? 
  they used the opportunity to expend their territory illegaly and violently ? 
  yeah that 's exactly what i said . 
  yeah , a lot are leaving because of the attacks and fear of islamists , but that 's not massive either . 
  and a lot come back when they realise it 's more dangerous in isra\u00ebl than in france and that they do n't integrate eventually because they 're still culturally french . 
  you seem to conveniently forget that isra\u00ebl was given a specific territory and that israelis kept on expending it illegaly and violently at the expense of other populations . 
  and for your martyrdom rethoric about how much you suffer , france has still today the 3rd largest jewish population in the world after the us and isra\u00ebl . 
  ever wonder why ? 
  because french jewish killed during wwii account for 1,5 % of the total of the jewish killed . 
  that 's one of [ the lowest percentage of every other countries . 
  ] ( https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/holocaust/killedtable.html ) ( that 's a link towards a jewish website if you wonder ) . 
  that 's a nice one !, 
  you can keep telling yourself you 're a beacon of democracy exempt of any criticism , apart from a bunch of americans evangelist christians wackos the rest of the world thinks isra\u00ebl is just a rogue state with an ethnic policy that hitler would n't have denied . 
  `` your country did bad things decades ago , so shut up and let me behave like a piece of shit . '', 
  every israeli apologist . 
  what the settlers are doing with the blessing of the state is the textbook definition of stealing land whether you like or not . 
   they are ready to give up some of their freedom in exchange for ( both actual and economic ) safety . 
  and they wo n't get either . 
  and isra\u00ebl can also fuck off and stop letting settlers steal land , seems fair right ? 
  your last sentence is so true . 
  i 'm french and we have exactly the same problem , despite the fact we did n't take as many refugees as germany did in 2015 . 
  for all the people who are denied asylum , about 90 % do n't ever leave the territory . 
  and those are the economic migrants . 
  sometimes , they wait even years before getting a reply . 
  so they start sending their kids to school , work under the radar , etc. . . a lot of them are not living in a center but are just `` surviving '' and try to be invisible . 
  this is terrible for everybody : for them , because that 's the best formula to create criminals , even if they want to live a honest life . 
  and for us , because it costs a shitload of money , creates ghettos that are destroying neighbourhood and let people with no valid reason to be here enjoy free healthcare and social benefits . 
  shit , i 'm french and i 've seen this the whole summer in parks . 
  now i know what it is , thanks !, 
  that 's a really cool channel man thanks for sharing !, 
  by the way we never hear much about what happened in spain during wwi as well as wwii , if you have similar channels/websites i would love to check them out . 
  here it seems like spain completely disappeared during this time , only my father taught me stuff about it through his grandmother who was from girona . 
  george orwell 's `` homage to catalonia '' made me realize how spain was going through major changes and how intense it was . 
   pretty boring save for a few operations in both sides well i would have thought a battle like verdun that made over 700.000 victims would have been considered a bit more than boring . 
  holy crap you spaniards are hard to entertain !, 
  we surrendered in wwi ? ... 
   french legion etrangere is a hardcore military corp that forgives your crimes well , that was true 100 years ago but not anymore . 
  if you committed a murder , a rape or have been involved in drug trafficking you do n't stand a chance .
