  it 's a major issue for the oc because they literally might not have candidates at all in the near future , especially for the winter olympics . 
  [ an article from 2016 talking about the issue . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2016/jul/27/biggest-threat-future-olympic-games-rio-2016-ioc-thomas-bach-hosts ), 
  the olympic committee has no choice , los angeles and paris are the only candidates and all the other folded . 
  you 're welcome . 
  the irony is that the person i downvoted the most in this sub is also romanian . 
   we 're heading into perhaps one of the most naive generations ever to set foot on this earth , with no living history of repression or war , and an absolute arrogance as to their civilization heritage and their sense of exceptionalism regarding their ability to not fall back to old habits . 
  man , just wanted to say that you 're one of the people that i upvoted the most on this subreddit and pretty much anytime i read you you 're fucking on point , no matter the topic . 
  keep up the good work . 
  [ yes !, 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/lnlaifqdenmxw/200.gif ), 
  we have big dick mountain of europe . 
  we have . 
  france stronk . 
  france big dik . 
  yes , it is literally the horror in eritrea [ where military conscription is fucking indefinite , ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-34985205 ) basically turning you into a slave working for a crazy dictator for decades . 
  but i 'm sure you know better and you 'll explain to these eritrean cry-babies they do n't know what tough means . 
  come closer portubro !, 
  you 're boosting your ass off !, 
  yeah that 's a nice poll and all but it 's rather meaningless , especially when you look at what people actually vote for in concrete terms . 
  look at france where supposedly a majority favours a federation ( quite a lot has changed since 2013 by the way ) , at the last presidential elections anti-eu candidates ( le pen , m\u00e9lenchon , dupont-aignan to name the main ones ) got over 45 % of the vote in the first round . 
  those are people who openly dislike the eu , either want to leave it right away ( dupont-aignan and le pen ) or completely transform it and leave it if it does n't work ( m\u00e9lenchon ) . 
  federation is not even in question because it just sounds like a ludicrous idea right now . 
  even pro-european politicians do n't dare using the word ` federation ' as it has such a negative connotation now . 
   continental eu countries , especially those who have been in the eu since the off , almost have a nationality of the eu now ; the younger generation especially . 
  and i 'm saying it as a rather pro-eu young person . 
   the federalists also , are basically eu first now , to coin a trump phrase . 
  there are like 150 federalists in europe . 
  and 147 of them are in this subreddit , thinking they have large support for their cause . 
  they do n't . 
  do n't know what that is , but you could probably find one somewhere near the canadian ambassy desperately looking for a tree to cut down or a bear to fight . 
  i feel sad for you . 
  yeah so they can [ fix your brain real quick . 
  ] ( http://cdn.acidcow.com/pics/20130524/hockey_04.gif ) we do n't need that . 
  it is , not in restaurants though as it is more `` family '' food that your mom or your grandma cooks . 
  still not how it works but nice try moose-eater . 
  11 damn it !, 
  north americans ... 
  why the hell a professional politician would refuse the sit of the prime minister of the uk in one of the most challenging chapter in modern history ? 
  a war has an ultimate goal , this goal ( kicking communists out ) was n't achieved in vietnam . 
  the goal of the iraq war was to successfully invade , take control and remove saddam . 
  that was achieved . 
  this is why your point is false , the us invests plenty of money into healthcare , more than any other country as percentage of gdp . 
  their system is just piss-poor like your points , and that money mostly goes to big pharma , but that 's another question . 
   this is not just my opinion , it 's a fact . 
  the war in iraq was not a war , it was an invasion based on a false pretext . 
  they found no chemical weapons . 
  it 's like saying the battle of verdun is not war , it 's just a battle . 
  this is literally the first line of your wiki article :  the 2003 invasion of iraq lasted from 20 march to 1 may 2003 and ** signalled the start of the iraq war ** you ca n't be this dumb ... `` reached the bottom but keep digging '' as we say . 
   this was my point . 
  your point was :  they invest a lot of money into the military while almost completely ignoring healthcare . 
  you talked about money . 
  never about service . 
  the us spends the most money . 
  your point is bullshit and you 're just moving the goalpost . 
   it was based on the false premise that iraq had chemical weapons . 
  they did n't find any . 
  it was n't a war , it was an invasion that led to the creation of modern terrorist organizations . 
  so now the false political reason behind iraq is relevant to evaluate the military operation . 
  and that was n't even a war ... lol . 
  i flagged you a while ago as a `` troll '' , i see i was already right back then . 
  piss poor . 
  he explained why your point about the us healthcare spending is bullshit , then you answer by saying ( in bold , because you know he 's right ) the services suck which he never denied and he even acknowledged . 
  then you suggest the us has n't won a war citing vietnam and irak . 
  while the former is true , the latter is blatantly false . 
  irak ( first or second war ) was a total military success , like afghanistan . 
  the country was completely controlled by the us and its allies , saddam captured and hanged as well as pretty much all the high-ranking members of his administration . 
  a pro-us leader was given the country . 
  but you 're mixing up war and the politics put in place afterwards , so i 'm not really surprised you 're confused . 
   the iranian revolution from the 70s , that led to the creation of islamist extremist states , was sponsored and supported by the us . 
  it 's the shah that was supported by the us , the one overthrown by the revolution . 
  do you even know how to read ? 
  how can someone be so ignorant to state that the iranian revolution was sponsored and supported by the us ? 
  this is honestly mind-blowing . 
  so you did n't read the article i linked , i 'm not surprised . 
   the problem is the extension of it while rest of europe is diversifying through lng . 
  you know who else is diversifying through lng ? 
  [ russia , who 's set to become the largest lng exporter withing a few years . 
  ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/lng-novatek-idusl8n1jk3bk ) you 're a real genius , are n't you ? 
   one of those countries is currently expanding its pipeline to russia we need gas as much as russia needs the money that europe pays for it . 
  actually no , russia is much , much more dependent on european money since their economy is shit and gas is pretty much the only thing that keeps it alive . 
   while another was selling warships during the crimean farce . 
  i think you meant cancel a decade old contract worth billions . 
  dude , none of my female friends would do that either it 's just anecdotal evidence . 
  does n't change the fact that since the dawn of time when we were cavemen , the chief of the tribe would get more women . 
  that does n't mean all women or even a majority of women would fall for a guy with power , but there are plenty of them . 
  i can guarentee you that any country leader receives dozens of letters everyday of women ready to do anything for them . 
  ok i get your point , i was more thinking about any woman attracted by power . 
  well historically , leaders from czech republic or france or indonesia simply attract women . 
  this is what power does . 
  that 's because he is hot for * politics * standards . 
  when you know that a chubby guy who looks like shit like hollande can pretty much bang any woman , imagine a guy like macron . 
  no , that 's exporting freeeeeeeeeeeeedom ^ ^ tm, 
  no , there are dozens of countries with cheaper labour than china . 
  yet they struggle to compete with it , simply because they do n't have the infrastructures , supply chain , etc. . . you want to start your business and sell glasses ? 
  go to danyang , here in this factory you 'll find the best quality . 
  oh sorry , you want to sell cheap crappy glasses , i did n't get it . 
  well , just cross the street and you 'll get what you want in this other factory . 
  you changed your mind and want to sell smartphones now ? 
  cool , just hop on a plane to shenzen and decide on your way there if you want to compete with the latest iphone or this new crappy phone under 100 $ .
