  they should n't be able to speak for everybody but they do , which sometimes is for common good but very often it 's a disaster and they have no support but still annoy everybody . 
  a large majority of french people want to change that but unfortunately politicians a quite afraid of the unions . 
  i thought his was even more obvious . 
   my impression is that france is a great place to work if you have been working in a business for many years . 
  for younger people it seems like it 's much harder to enter the market . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  no , you 're absolutely correct on this , i 'm actually a young guy struggling to get a first real job myself . 
  but i think the comparison with the uk or the us is not a really good one , they have indeed lower unemployment rates but a [ much higher poverty rate especially in the us according to the oecd . 
  ] ( http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2013/09/20/business/economy/20economix-relative-poverty-sub/20economix-relative-poverty-sub-blog480.png ) and this is definitely a model we 're not aiming for . 
  denmark on the other hand is a model for us as well as other scandinavian countries ( sorry to oversimplify the situation of 3 different countries ) , you have this mix of liberalism and flexibility on the job market combined with a very generous welfare system that could work very well in france . 
  it 's just that our economies are quite different and we need to figure out how to apply something similar that could satisfy everybody . 
  that is correct , denmark has a very dynamic economy with flexible labour laws . 
  though it 's hard to just apply what works for you , as a small country with an economy based on export , to a country that has 13 times your population with an economy based on a service industry and that imports more than it exports . 
   there are two governments of france wat, 
  do n't get me started mate , it drives me crazy . 
  i think the worst example is levallois-perret where my sister lives . 
  it 's very near paris and the population is basically upper middle-class and old people . 
  so the mayor got convincted in 1996 for basically paying 3 people to work at his home with public money . 
  he did n't give a single fuck , went to work in the private sector ( because he could n't be mayor for a few years ) , came back and got reelected in 2002 !!, 
  since he had n't pay back the money he has stolen and the penalty he received , claiming he needed a few years to pay a little bit every month despite being a fucking millionaire , he could n't even manage the city hall 's money !!, 
  so only his first deputy could do it . 
  who 's that ? 
  his bloody wife ... and he did n't stop there , he waited until his best friend sarkozy got elected in 2007 to simply ask the finance minister to erase his debt !, 
  right now , there are currently 5 investigations on him for money laundering , money laundering again in another case , corruption , tax evasion , lying about his assets . 
  oh and his name was in the panama papers ... and those are cases still in process , he 's been convicted several time of stealing public money but i ca n't even list the whole thing . 
  the worse is , levallois-perret has the highest debt per capita in the whole country . 
  needless to say , he only needed a few fruit baskets and almost free childcare centres to satisfy everyone and get reelected again in 2014 . 
  no no that 's actually what i meant , if a politician get caught or convicted in britain , he 's out of the picture . 
  in france he will try everything to stay , they are completely shameless . 
  same reason why we have someone like sarkozy trying to get back after an humiliating defeat against hollande in 2012 . 
  compared to britain , when miliband lost , he accepted it because this is how the system works and politicians at least follow some rules and have some decency . 
  i do n't think they are that much more corrupt than in britain , it 's just that after getting condemned they fucking stick around and people reelect them . 
   russification is a form of cultural assimilation process during which non-russian communities , ** voluntarily or not ** , give up their culture and language in favor of the russian one . 
  i think russia also invented the concept of `` forced volunteering '' with it . 
   on top of that britain does n't have a history of large amounts of immigration except for the romans , the vikings and the normans , who massively changed britain . 
  just tongue-in-cheek , plz do n't get mad . 
  no , i think some is and some is n't , but i definitely think asking someone who is desperate to have a media presence and who will tell anything that makes him look like he `` understands '' people 's concern is not a good idea . 
  he could tell the exact opposite next week if polls in france were more pro eu . 
  he 's been doing this for months now , reaching an all time low a couple of weeks ago when he criticised hollande for cuts in the defense budget . 
  forgetting the budget is decided every 6 years and he is the one who decided to reduce it . 
  he has no credibility , and he 's soon-to-be a convicted felon . 
  i 'm just saying he might not be the greatest pick to defend a pro-brexit stance . 
  he 's so desperate to make a comeback he 's commenting on absolutely everything . 
  meanwhile , [ 72 % of french people do n't want him to run for president ] ( http://www.rtl.fr/actu/politique/presidentielle-2017-72-des-francais-opposes-a-la-candidature-de-nicolas-sarkozy-7783346583 ) , he is behind jupp\u00e9 , fillon , bayrou and le maire in voting intentions in his own party , below 23 % . 
  he is politically dead and is ready to say anything to miserably make a headline . 
  if you 're a 79-year-old virgin you better have booze to keep going . 
  [ shame . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkga3-8z9wo ), 
  there is also a bit of historical context with iran . 
  i think the west still regards iran as a great country with a great culture , the current islamic regime is quite an anomaly in its history . 
  for saudi arabia it 's different , they got lucky with oil that they were completely incapable of exploiting and had to call the west to teach them what to do . 
  their economy is only based on that , and everybody waits for the time they 'll get back to what they were before , meaning insignificant people with a non-existent scientific and cultural contribution to the world except for wahhabism . 
  well , that 's true . 
  i do n't think the position of the west in general towards saudi arabia is going to last forever . 
  we are going to reach a point where , even with their oil-money and the power that comes with it , they will be forced to stop financing extremists and terrorists all around the globe . 
  i mean , i ca n't think of another country that is despised if not deeply hated by literally everyone , including muslim countries . 
  even isis wants to destroy them for fuck sake , surely we can do something about it ? 
   sometimes i feel saudi arabia is bribing some people to get these in . 
  they are , by building mosques and importing their salafi ideology . 
  they do n't do it only in europe but also in other muslim countries like morocco or tunisia . 
  [ no , sorry germany you 're gut at a lot of things but not at this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-yroapqt5g ), 
  i can only give you my personal french opinion on this and we have a whole thread about it on r/france , [ but i think that the real problem is what he said during this interview ] ( http://takimag.com/article/surrendering_to_death_gavin_mcinnes#axzz48vjxngpu ) . 
   q : they were in the venue early . 
  that implies some staff were in on it . 
   i got in a lot of trouble for saying that . 
  i know for sure that they were in there early . 
  i remember them staring at my buddy . 
  i just chalked it up to arab envy . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  when a muslim sees a cocky american dude with tattoos , he stares at him . 
  i realized later it was abdeslam and he was staring at my buddy because they thought he was a threat . 
  there 's no denying the terrorists were already inside , and they had to get in somehow . 
  during the shooting i went outside and the backstage door was propped open . 
  how did that happen ? 
  ( ... ) definitely . 
  there were two girls who were involved . 
  they were at the venue and vanished before the shooting , and these women were in traditional muslim garb . 
  they knew people would n't check them because of the way they were dressed . 
  ( ... ) they were already inside . 
  if they were hanging out enough to let three people go , then they knew security dudes . 
  they knew bouncers . 
  they knew doormen . 
   q : do you think a percentage of the security staff was muslim ? 
   i know they were . 
  look , security guards backstage are notorious for being dicks . 
  agreed , he did n't become a religious gun nut after the bataclan but well over a decade ago . 
  he comes to play music , not to talk about how jesus saved him and why everybody should carry a gun in france . 
  lies !!, 
  no one is buying `` albums '' anymore . 
  actually i thought it was french , but wikipedia proves you right , the first verified claim belongs to baron karl von drais . 
  apparently we coined the term * bicycle * which might explain why . 
  sorry for appropriating your invention germany :(, 
  kazaa man , i remember downloading a movie for 3 days to end up with a shitty porn or the trailer in a loop . 
  fun times ... 
  ok , i see what you mean , i disagree it qualifies for what op asked but fair enough . 
  no , but it 's like saying the european space agency is french because it 's based in paris . 
  he did n't steal it , he adapted it to european taste and created the red bull company . 
  [ yoovidhya , the tha\u00ef who created the original drink , and mateschitz , who adapted it , both have 49 % of the shares . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_bull#history ),
