  what ? 
  you make no sense , why are you talking about mexicans in the us ? 
   the system is called hukou so they register when they move somewhere and ? 
  do n't you think an american moving from montana to delaware says anything to the irs ? 
  to the census ? 
  when he gets his driver licence or his new passport ? 
  you really are running out of examples to prove what he said was n't dumb as fuck , american exceptionalism really is something remarkable . 
  you should explain that to the dozens of millions of chinese who left the countryside to go to the city . 
  that 's besides the point anyway , he claimed `` almost no other large country '' managed to have freedom of movement and it 's absolute bullshit . 
  so they had a civil war , like the us and pretty much any country . 
  can they move around their country as they want ? 
  yes . 
  the us is not extraodinary at all , but i keep reading americans on reddit thinking they live in the only federation in the world like they are a special snowflake . 
  they 're not . 
   in my context , the method of execution is of lesser importance than the political ideology and intent of holocaust . 
  this is exactly what jm le pen said for fuck sake , [ link to the video it 's at 00:31 . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xxiot_jean-marie-le-pen-point-de-detail-1_news ) quote :  jm le pen : la question qui a \u00e9t\u00e9 pos\u00e9e est de savoir la fa\u00e7on dont ces gens ont \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9s ou non n'est - ce pas ? 
  translation :  jm le pen : the question asked was how these people have been killed is n't it ? 
   journalist : but this is not a detail ...  jm le pen : yes this is a detail . 
  that is literally the same thing you just said : the method is a detail . 
  you linked to my inbox ? 
   it 's just a method of accomplishing political goals the irony is that 's exactly what jean-marie le pen got ( rightly ) condemned for , saying the gas chambers were just a `` detail '' of wwii , as in `` the way they got killed is a detail '' . 
  it 's fucking not . 
   it 's a freedom that almost no other large union has figured out so flawlessly , leading to civil war and creation of multiple nations . 
  it 's something literally every single large country has managed . 
  brazil , india , china , russia . 
  every . 
  single . 
  one . 
  and you can see a few of them are not exactly models of democracy . 
  stop thinking you 're special , you 're desperately common . 
  there are dozens of functioning federations in the world , from switzerland to the one just below you , mexico . 
  the `` freedom '' to move from one state to another is something so basic i ca n't even understand you take pride in something like this . 
  hahaha no i can totally understand and i wo n't be the one defending him on that . 
  he calmed down a bit the past couple of years but he was overly agressive towards merkel and germany for a while . 
  it 's one thing to criticise her and her policies , or to question the german leadership and its effects on the eu , but all he did was basically insulting her and germany which achieves nothing and put a lot of people off including myself . 
  we are n't ? 
  how is it justified ? 
  i mean it 's pure discrimination and totally illegal under eu law . 
  potatoes . 
  well they agree but would n't lift a finger for them , for obvious reasons like getting wrecked . 
  if you 're talking economically yes , the uk was as important as france . 
  politically not even close . 
   the trigger seems innocuous enough in isolation : a few non-native slugs from continental europe have accidentally been introduced . 
  and here we go again , immigrants from the eu !, 
  how is it more pragmatic for low-income workers to vote for fillon ? 
  because you do know that 's the base of le pen voters right ? 
  and comparing fillon-le pen who are 2 candidates of parties fighting each other for decades with clinton-sanders ... 
  i do n't even . 
  you could require to use the channel tunnel though , that would make sense . 
  i did n't even know there was a controversy about his nationality , to me he was always polish and i 've never heard someone claiming he was german until now . 
  you keep mixing up things and claiming stuff i 've never said . 
  my point is simple , i talked about the global trend of extremist islamism , and how there is no equivalent to it anywhere right now and this is a pure product of islam . 
  period . 
  i 've never said `` all muslims are isis '' or `` muslims are lesser people '' for fuck sake , i talked about a global trend of obscurantism in islam . 
  is it that hard to understand ? 
  i note you 're still incapable to find me the other link than islam it exists between a philippino islamist who pledged allegiance to isis with a nigerian from boko haram and a guy born in the middle of brussels who all scream allah ahkbar when they blow themselves up in the middle of a crowd . 
  there are a few christians extremists/terrorists , there are no christian equivalent of isis or other islamist terrorist movements spread internationally . 
  btw you wo n't find a single historian who will ever say that the ira or the nazis were christian terror groups . 
  or maybe you have an alternative history where they claimed to kill people in the name of jesus christ quoting verses of the bible to justify it . 
  both ? 
  the most extreme individuals are the one shaping the countries , not the silent majority . 
  isis are a few extreme individuals and managed to get control of a territory the size of the uk , forcing millions to become refugees . 
  a few dozen extreme individuals attacked people in my country , giving le pen a huge boost . 
  she might get elected now because of the few percents they allowed to give her . 
  all of europe could change . 
  etc , etc. . 
  lol ok , i learned something today then !, 
  please , tell me the other link than religion there is between a philippino islamist who pledged allegiance to isis with a nigerian from boko haram and a guy born in the middle of brussels who all scream allah ahkbar when they blow themselves up in the middle of a crowd . 
  on point , eco being brilliant as always . 
  but i 'm talking globally . 
  muslims from canada or muslims from the philippines , muslims from saudi arabia or muslims from somalia . 
  everywhere you have this trend of obscurantism ( of course not all muslims are concerned by this trend and plenty are fighting it ) . 
  the only link between these people is islam . 
  there are rich saudis becoming terrorists as well as young swedes living in the most developped and open country on the planet . 
  again , the only link between them is their religion . 
  no other religion produced the same phenomenon . 
  yep , it should take a week before you 're incorporated into the ottoman empire . 
  us in europe it shoud happen by wednesday . 
  no , one of his fanboys quoted in the article . 
  another one has a message for you america :  `` this is a message to the world to shut up . 
  turkey is getting stronger . 
  america has to know this , too . 
  we are the voice , we are the ears , we are everything for the middle east , '' got it , america ? 
  have n't you heard ? 
  there is no turkey anymore , just the new ottoman empire . 
  it consists only of turkey , but it 's still an empire according to akp supporters . 
   `` europe 's spine has cracked . 
  this referendum will be the most effective thing in the rebirth of the ottoman empire . 
  europe has to look at itself . 
  we do not have to yield to torture . '', 
  i 'm not saying the situations are equal , i 'm talking about general trends and schools of thought . 
  we 're talking about western civilisation , there are differences within it as well and denmark is not the same as italy . 
  yet we westerners share a common path because we were shaped by the same religion that lead to the way we think . 
  the same is true for the islamic world . 
  right now , there is a dark obscurantism trend in the islamic world and it is coming from islam wether you like it or not . 
  it 's worldwide , from saudi arabia to somalia , from muslim minorities in the philippines to muslim minorities in canada . 
  ah , not a very good habit indeed , i heard people get stomachache sometimes . 
  holy shit the one on the right ... why so dumb , whyyyyyyyyy, 
  no , christianity is no longer such a problem , or nowhere near what islam is today .
