  and a country like iran where the leader was put in charge directly by western powers with the catastrophic result of the islamic regime we see today . 
  that 's not supporting commercially or benefiting from a horrible regime for financial gain while spreading our ideas and values at the same time , it 's being indirectly responsible for the horrible regime in the first place . 
  allende in chile is another example of an elected democratic leader being toppled and replaced by one of these horrible regime . 
  like always in geopolitical questions , nothing is black and white . 
  i said in the past 60 years , the huge damage in countries like guatemala or chile has been done . 
  in the middle-east , i 'm sure i do n't need to list them . 
  do n't get me wrong , we europeans do the exact same . 
  we mostly support the same horrible regimes because we 're aligned with the us . 
  what i meant with this whataboutism is that what russia does is exactly what we and the us do because it 's in our interest . 
  the irony and the hypocrisy is just called `` diplomacy '' and `` strategic interests '' in real life , but i guess it 's better to live in a world where one side promotes `` good '' and the other `` evil '' , that 's easier . 
   it is kinda ironic how russians support the most fascist-like politicians all over europe while claiming to fight against it at the same time . 
  kinda shows how little they actually care about anti-fascist values and how it has purely become some pro-putin propaganda about their opposers and nothing else . 
  you just literally described the us foreign policy in latin america and the middle-east of the past 60 years . 
  actually there is very little to change in what you say to adapt it :  it is kinda ironic how americans support the most fascist-like politicians all over latin america and the middle-east while claiming to fight against it at the same time . 
  kinda shows how little they actually care about anti-fascist values and how it has purely become some pro-us propaganda about their opposers and nothing else . 
  i said marine le pen worked side by side with her dad for twenty years before taking his sit as president and that she ca n't be completely dissociate from him . 
  that 's pretty simple shit you ca n't apparently process . 
  what is silly though is to talk about a coworker that would say something on twitter then this coworker becomes donald trump and you do n't have to agree with him to work for him . 
  that was your train of thought and i have to say , one of the most stupid i 've read on reddit so far . 
  so now we went from a coworker to donald fucking trump , that 's a pretty massive difference since it 's not exactly a billionnaire who owns dozens of companies that i had in mind when you said `` coworker '' . 
  i know , it 's odd but by `` coworker '' i thought one of the guys in a cubicle ... silly me . 
  secondly , by definition you agree with your political leader since a political party goal is to rule with its ideas and policies . 
  to follow his lead . 
  you do n't have to politically agree with the ceo of mcdonald 's to flip burgers , you have to politically agree with the leader of your political party . 
  you really do n't see the difference ? 
  i see a problem with it , i adressed this point later in the conversation . 
  this discussion is going nowhere , are you really comparing the leader of a political party with a co-worker ? 
  i 'll leave you here . 
   depend what sins you put on jmlp . 
  if it 's the revisionist sentence , he , alone , said them . 
  well if you stay in the party and continue to actively support him , it leaves a mark ...  if you blame him for the very existence of the front national , then you 've got a problem with democracy . 
  so when i say : `` you ca n't say they have nothing to do with each other '' you conclude : `` you 're anti-democratic and want to outlaw my party . '', 
   i already explained why that comparison is bad . 
  eu is a political and economic union that france is an integral part of - france gets to shape eu policy and participate in eu policy making , therefore candidates can embrace that as part of their platform . 
  eu is essentially an extra level of governance of france . 
  so again , you refuse to accept that an opposition candidate has a different vision of this governance and wants to get rid of it . 
   that right is actually severely limited by the nature of the arrangements taking place , and many possible arrangements could be made which are illegal . 
  what arrangement ? 
  we 're talking about le pen and putin meeting . 
  as you said , she 's not in power and can not make any legal agreements . 
   it was unethical from the perspective of us for a political candidate to have a backchannel with ( let alone receive funds from ) the soviet union . 
  we were talking about le pen and putin meeting , if you 're talking about the funding then i agree . 
  it 's not even unethical it 's illegal , but they used a private bank for the loan and it 's pretty much impossible to legally prove the kremlin was behind it . 
  unfortunately . 
   foreign policy is exclusively the domain of the acting government . 
  unless they 're opposed to the existing state to the extent that they want to actively work against it - which can be a legitimate method too under some circumstances - candidates should refrain from any tangible communication with foreign governments . 
  unless they 're pro-eu then . 
  got it . 
   especialy here in r/europe , a bunch of you had fathers doing pretty atrocious things . 
  german/italian/spanish , you want to talk about this ? 
  pretty terrible example you took here , did they actively participated with their fathers in these atrocious things and then continued the fight by taking over the same movement responsable for these atrocious things ? 
  what i mean is she worked side by side with her father for two decades before taking over the fn . 
  i do n't think she 's the same than her father , but you ca n't say they have nothing to do with each other . 
   france is tightly integrated into the eu , and discussing eu matters with merkel is not really comparable to discussing geopolitical issues with putin . 
  a guy with no mandate who has never been elected in any office is meeting with a foreign head of state = ok because pro-eu . 
  a woman elected member of the eu parliament meeting with a foreign head of state = not ok because anti-eu . 
  a democracy has opposition parties . 
  they have the right to actively seek foreign support from whoever support their positions , which is exactly what macron did with merkel : he is pro-eu and wanted the support of the most powerful leader of the eu . 
  contrary to what you think , being anti-eu is a completely legal opinion and it 's also legal to call for it . 
  is it stupid ? 
  i personally think so , yes . 
  getting in bed with putin is pure madness to me . 
  but she has every right to want to achieve this , and there is nothing unethical about it . 
   from the perspective of russia , yes , absolutely . 
  so from the perspective of an undemocratic shithole it 's unethical . 
  glad you finally admit you share putin 's undemocratic views . 
  that makes it a great contributor of global warming for a tzatziki . 
  she 's a professional politician running for president , she 's defending her positions and make alliances with people sharing the same positions , as stupid as they might be . 
  macron did the same by meeting merkel because they share similar positions , he does not lead or represent france either . 
  and that makes perfect sense as well . 
  would you think a political opponent of putin ( not yet in prison or assassinated ) meeting with a leader opposing putin would be unethical ? 
   they are hostile to nato global interests , which france is a part of . 
  marine le pen openly wants to leave nato , it 's in her program . 
   they are also hostile to eu , which france is also a part of . 
  marine le pen openly wants to leave the eu , it 's in her program . 
  russia is her best ally to achieve that , why would she refuse the help of putin ? 
  it is if she refused that it would be a surprise . 
  mate i 'm french , i do n't need to read an anonymous redditor explaining in english the program of macron , i already read it in french in his official program , thank you very much . 
  none of his propositions are coming close to resolve the issues raised by people who want a frexit ( not one of them just to be clear ) . 
  one highlight of the debate is when macron was the only one defending the posted workers directive while the 10 others wanted to either get rid of it or deeply change it . 
  not twinned , it 's a cooperation and friendship pact . 
  the twinning with rome is exclusive , sorry greek bro : /, 
   the reforms macron would do and what is that exactly ? 
  no , because the 2nd turn is in 6 days now and it 's the first time ever he mentions eu reforms . 
  staying extremely vague and without actually explaining what reform exactly of course . 
  indeed , what she 's saying is no different than what she 's always said . 
  she 's also slamming the eu `` technocrats '' in the original interview in french but somehow reading this headlines she now claimed to be pro-eu . 
  her line has always been to slam the eu and praise france and europe as a white and catholic country and continent , nothing new here . 
   bin laden was al qaeda , not taliban . 
  al qaeda means `` the base '' , it was n't a defined organisation and is a name created by a manhattan court to be able to prosecute bin laden under the rico laws that allowed to prosecute mafia bosses without them being present . 
  bin laden had to be the head of an organisation to be prosecuted , hence al qaeda . 
  it 's only after that all kind of terrorists organisations started to claim they were `` al qaeda '' . 
  [ a well documented comment is explaining it better than me here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/bd5zm/there_is_no_terrorist_group_called_al_qaida_and/c0m6847/?context=3 ) to put it simply , it makes no sense whatsoever to oppose al qaeda and the taliban , the former only existing in name for legal reasons . 
   how many independentists have you met in your life ? 
  what the fuck is it supposed to mean ? 
  they 're not independentists , they 're autonomists . 
  and they go along everything le pen represents , especially her hatred for muslims and arabs . 
  holy shit you 're dumb . 
   there are dozens of millions of mexicans in the united states too ; does n't mean they are allowed to do it and face large ( and often unenforced ) penalties for doing it .
