  on what planet do you live where collective european governments pretend nothing is wrong ? 
  til i 'm ran by `` anglos '' . 
  how staying in the eu would be adding a lot more cultures ? ... 
  but this is always the rethoric of communist militants . 
  not communist . 
  cambodia ? 
  not communist . 
  not communist . 
  not communist . 
  venezuela ? 
  not communist . 
  north korea ? 
  not communist . 
  and that list can go on for every single communist country . 
  oh and of course the ultimate argument : `` they never reached communism , they failed just before they were going to . '', 
  yeah , right . 
  shit !!!, 
  i meant sister !!, 
  edited, 
  i 'm not a dick , i was pointing out they mean jack shit : she gets more votes at every elections , whatever the reason . 
  [ the front national has multiplied by 11 the number of their elected members since 2012 . 
  ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/elections/regionales/infographie-depuis-2012-le-fn-a-multiplie-par-11son-nombre-d-elus_1223807.html ) she got the highest numbers ever after the clash with her daddy at the regional elections . 
  your polls mean jack-shit and all the elections proved them wrong . 
  really ? 
  i do n't know where you get your figures , she 's been rising continuously since she took control of the party . 
  my sister 's partner was jewish and both his grand-parents were polish jews from warsaw . 
  they were in the ghetto and managed to escape . 
  as he grew up , he was not very interested in his origins and never really considered himself jewish . 
  his grand-parents both passed when he was little so he never got to talk to them . 
  like many survivors , they never really talked about their experience and what happened . 
  so when he got interested in their story , his own mom was n't able to provide him many details . 
  he managed to find an old great-uncle who was living in isra\u00ebl , but by the time he contacted him he had passed . 
  so to this day , he has no idea how his grand-parents managed to escape . 
  maybe they managed to kill soldiers , maybe they bribed them , maybe they found a guardian angel ... 
  he will never know and it 's obsessing him . 
  i find it quite sad to does n't know such an important part of your family 's history , he would n't be there if they stayed in the ghetto . 
  so jumping from the current 5 % unemployment rate to 8 % and the us collapses ? 
  did n't know you were so weak . 
   i think it is unjust to transfer the decisionmaking . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you mean by that . 
  no sarcasm , i really do n't . 
   various countries have different reasons for not wanting to become eu members/getting out . 
  absolutely . 
  but rich countries like norway , switzerland or iceland do n't want to get in , growing anti-eu is becoming huge in france and the netherlands , the uk in on the verge of leaving . 
  there is an undeniable pattern . 
  and eu leaders have basically no argument except : `` if you leave it 's gon na be worse '' . 
  that 's not a convincing answer at all . 
  here in france , since maastricht the situation has been getting worse and worse every year socially and economically speaking . 
  is the eu the only reason for it ? 
  absolutely not . 
  did it bring a solution or improved the situation ? 
  absolutely not either . 
  do eu people plan on rethinking about the policies they 've been implementing in these past 25 years ? 
  still absolutely not . 
  we 're simply heading towards a wall at full speed . 
   however , there is increasingly little evidence that countries like norway and switzerland and iceland want to join the eu that 's not even that , they do n't want to join at all . 
  iceland was the only one who could potentially join and they withdrew their eu membership application a year ago . 
  i think it is very telling when rich and stable countries have no interest in joining while only weak and rather unstable countries want badly in . 
  oh and now the uk , a rich and stable country , wants out as well . 
  should we make an assessment of the policies of the past 25 years to consider why the eu is perceived that way ? 
  absolutely not according to the leaders of the eu , `` the others are wrong '' they keep repeating . 
  you kind of dismiss his points without really adressing them though . 
  when he takes the cases of sweden and norway , they 're actually very interesting examples of how everyone predicted they would go back to the stone age by not adopting the euro and joining the eu . 
  and not only it did not happen , they are significantly better off at every level than the vast majority of other rich european countries . 
  they are in fact the richest and most prosperous . 
  i 'm not anti-eu , but pro-eu who completely refuse to aknowledge massive failures like the euro or the greek situation for instance are part of why so many people become eurosceptics . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://lepcd.fr/ ), 
  well , the front national won the most seats in the last european elections , so that makes him the most important french party at the eu parliament , we 're beyond the growing eurosceptism . 
  although the polls show that a majority of french people do n't want to leave the eu , a large majority demands major changes . 
  and as you said , it 's clearly vital for the future of the eu and the region . 
  indeed . 
  we might disagree on the china/uk trade future , but i 'd really like to see big changes in how the eu is governed and function . 
  the uk voting out might be the big shake up our leaders need to have to realise how much people are not currently satisfied on the direction we 're taking . 
  i got your points , and again i really do n't think the uk leaving the eu would make it irrelevant at all , that 's absurd . 
  well , i guess we 'll see if you 're right in the next years if the uk votes out then !, 
  ok , sorry if i appeared agressive , i read again my replies and i sounded like a cunt , i apologize for that . 
  so we mostly agree on everything , except one thing : i still do n't see why the uk would increase its trading with china more significantly outside the eu . 
  you say it would have more liberty , which is true to some extent but not as much as you think , and i believe the voice of the uk would be extremely diminished . 
  i think a lot of brits think being `` independent '' again would improve the situation , i do n't believe china sees anything but more problems and headaches out of this , not easy trading . 
  how delusional are you seriously ? 
  top uk exports to china are vehicles , really ? 
  china is selling you massively their products , what they buy from the uk is ridiculous in comparison . 
  you want an example ? 
  [ let 's take a minute to check what is inside the last big trade deal you signed with china . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/oct/24/britains-deals-with-china-billions-what-do-they-mean )  but some analysts characterise xi 's visit as all one-way traffic , with a grateful britain buying almost anything china had to offer , from nuclear technology to investment funds for the hs2 rail line , with only a handful of chinese purchases of uk goods and services going the other way . 
  and that 's a nice way to put it . 
  [ they invest in your new nuclear power plant , are going to build 200 buses , are going to design the electric aston martin cars , as well as the new london cabs , sell you their tv programs among other things . 
  the uk ? 
  you 're going to build a legoland in shangai . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/china-business/11943880/china-to-invest-30bn-in-uk-plc-how-the-deals-break-down.html ) so , please , instead of throwing stuff around and say the uk has a lot to sell to china , give me some articles and data about it . 
  because you have n't provided anything to back up your claims . 
  please , the uk 's gdp growth was at 2,2 % in 2015 , that 's extremely slow . 
  saying `` we both have growing economies '' when you know china had the slowest growth in 25 years and was at 6,9 % ... you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  and let 's not even talk about the next financial crisis that will happen , it 's just a question of `` when '' , which will be a massive hit to your economy ... and you keep explaining that the uk will somehow be finally freed from the chains of the eu , that you wo n't have to take into account the needs of 27 other countries . 
  man , if it 's not propaganda i do n't know what this is . 
  you can and you already are trading with china without asking permission from croatia or belgium , do n't worry . 
  and i 'm genuinely curious , what services do you have to offer to china that will massively increase trading with them ? 
  because you sure do n't have an industry . 
  only services , and apart from finance i do n't see where you 'd get an improvement .
