where the fuck do i blame africa for anything ? 
  [ the african population is booming ] ( http://www.worldbank.org/en/region/afr/publication/africas-demographic-transition ) , and so is the asian 's . 
  i 'm not blaming anybody , just stating a fucking simple fact contested by no one that you do n't seem to be able to process . 
  are you completely dumb ? 
  good , go tell that to millions of africans and asians that are having a lot of babies . 
  newsflash : they do n't give a shit what a swede or any other european has to say and never even heard of what a condom is . 
   ignoring the fact that the iarc ( not the who ) [ `` the international agency for research on cancer ( iarc ) is the specialized cancer agency of the world health organization . '', 
  you moron . 
  ] ( http://www.iarc.fr/en/about/index.php ) they 're part of the who , use the who logo on their front page and use the same typo for their own name . 
  if you ca n't process something as simple as that you 're just helpless . 
   based on pretty flimsy evidence so you just going to repeat what monsanto lobbyists said ? 
  like , are you one of them or what ? 
  no independent scientists contested this study , none . 
  and if you do n't know the difference between a pesticide that can be replaced and basic consumption product you 're just plain stupid . 
  they 're selling a product that is considered `` probably carcinogenic '' by the who and lobbied like crazy to keep selling their products after the eu decided to ban it , i do n't know for you but i agree with op and find this kind of shit sickening . 
  how is the commission fiercly anti-gmo ? 
  seriously , give me one example where the commission lobbied against gmo please . 
  the only thing i can think of is the `` opt-out '' , meaning member states can refuse to grow gmo on their soil and it 's not even against it , it 's just giving to countries the option to decide for themselves . 
  [ like this shit that happened a month and a half ago . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/mar/08/eu-vote-on-controversial-weedkiller-licence-postponed-glyphosate ), 
  or italy . 
  or france . 
  or spain . 
  or croatia . 
  fuck that 's awesome . 
  that 's true , that was an overstatement and you 're right . 
  but people also tend to believe the russian army is way more powerful than it is , and still believe they have the same might they had during the ussr period . 
  they 're definitely among the world 's best , again what i said was an exaggeration , but are not capable to take on the nato . 
   the power projection would n't be affected if western european nations took over the bases in their countries if america was allowed to use them too . 
  well that would be completely different . 
  having to make a request , move troops & material would take days or months ... a permanent base means the us has an always-ready capable force on the ground all the time , that 's just simply incomparable . 
   this economic power claim does n't sound very credible considering american corporations are being targeted by the eu constantly with the aim of replacing them with european ones . 
  i did n't say european countries with us military bases on their soil accept everything the us want , i said it gives them a huge leverage . 
  if an american company backed by its government wants to invest in x country that relies on the us for its defence , you can be sure that the question of the american military presence will come in the bargaining . 
  the us military bases in europe ( and in the world in general ) are one of the reason of the american global dominance . 
  first military , they 're crucial to project power in africa/middle east , although they have bases there ( there are us military bases in 80 countries ) . 
  a lot of troops/material went through germany ( which has 174 of those bases alone !! ), 
  or italy bases for the war in afghanistan or the current bombings in syria . 
  so the bases defend us interests and allow to tackle any potential threat pretty much any time the us want . 
  europe is like their safe spot to store all their personal/equipment . 
  then there is the economic power it brings . 
  first , these bases bring billions of dollar to the military industry , either to american private companies or local ones . 
  second , providing security to a country gives the us an incredible power to bargain and gain access to new markets . 
  these military bases in europe are like hundreds of small embassies and you can see how countries who rely on the us for their defence are freaking out when obama says the us might reduce its military presence . 
  it gives a huge leverage to the us in trade deals . 
  third , it creates a complete dependence of the us and it has a huge psychological effect on some countries . 
  you can see it right now in eastern europe , a lot of people are convinced that without the us they will be fucked by russia . 
  same thing for south korea with north korea , or japan with china . 
  they 're actually not really independent and sovereign countries when it comes to their defence , which comes with a heavy price and the us gets a lot from it . 
  so shutting down those bases will reduce massively the us global power , both militarily and economically speaking . 
  i 'm saying russia , a country with a gdp smaller than italy 's and shrinking , wo n't even consider invading a nato country in the first place . 
  seriously , they did n't do it when they had a bloody empire and the us was even considering the ussr as a very serious threat for its own territory , why would they do it now with their mostly outdated and under-equipped army and a military budget half of the uk 's and france combined ? 
  and what would they gain from it ? 
  it has been said 100000 times on 10000 threads on this subject but i 'll say it again since people like you constantly miss this `` little detail '' : ukraine is not in nato , ukraine is not part of the eu . 
  they 're alone and their situation has nothing to do with romania or baltic states . 
  you really think the us presence in europe is for `` free '' and you do n't gain anything from it ? 
   first of all , the philosophes were not flawless . 
  while the ban on statistics ( which only goes back to the early 20th century , by the way ) might 've made sense then , french society has changed so much since then , for better or for worse , that its needs became different . 
  knowing the exact number or jews or protestants in france in 1920 was n't important because they never pulled something like 13/11 , or the charlie hebdo attacks , or the 2005 riots that mostly originated in france 's `` multicultural '' neighborhoods . 
  the way to deal with these problems is to be aware of demographic trends , not to willingly blind yourself in the name of tolerance . 
  i tried to explain you the origins of why we do n't have statistics on ethnicity or religion and why i thought it brings more bad than good , that 's it . 
  no need to be condescendant . 
  in what way having statistics as accurate as what the us has would have changed anything for the attacks or the riots ? 
  you tell me . 
  because last time i checked , we 're nowhere near the us for riots and and terrorist attacks . 
   and ironically , demonizing the use of statistics because of its association with the vichy administration is the real invocation of godwin 's law . 
  you added `` nazi '' to make a stupid point . 
  that 's goldwin 's law . 
  associating the ban on what happened under vichy 's rule is making a relevant connection between an historical event and how it has an influence today on the subject we 're precisely discussing . 
  that 's not goldwin 's law . 
   and if we 're going to draw historical associations to justify or demonize ethnic statistics , why not invoke de gaulle ? 
  the same de gaulle that stated france 's universal calling was a good thing purely on the condition that the white , catholic french remain an absolute and overwhelming majority ? 
  to maintain this ideal , accurate ethnic and religious statistics could very well be used to justify a broadening or narrowing of france 's migration policy . 
  considering modern french politicians love paying lipservice ( and nothing more than lipservice ) to de gaulle , this seems a rather potent justification . 
  who gives a fuck what de gaulle was thinking ? 
  do you think that people who refer to napol\u00e9on want the empire back ? 
  i never said the us were `` some hyperdiscriminatory nazi republic '' , nice strawman and goldwin point , i said in my opinion it divides more than anything . 
  the reason we do n't have statistics on ethnicity goes back to the revolution which gave birth to the declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen , the whole idea of french universalism goes against stuff like splitting people in ethno-religious categories . 
  if you add wwii , where making lists of people with their origins and religions was sadly quite popular in france for the vichy administration , i 'm sure you can understand a little bit why not everybody here is so keen to adopt a system that , by the way , would n't change anything and would n't teach us something we do n't already know . 
   because somehow not knowing this means better governance ? 
  not knowing means not making differences between people . 
  a citizen is a citizen of the republic , period . 
  his skin colour or religion is irrelevant . 
  that 's the idea , of course it 's more complicated and we do n't live in a perfect society . 
  but when i see how in the us for instance people always bring up that they are `` black '' , `` asian '' , `` christian '' , this specific ethnicity , etc. . . and use it to put people in specific cases i do n't really like the idea . 
  i feel it divides people more than anything , and does n't really bring any solution to problems like racism and discrimination . 
  not that i 'm saying we 're free of these problems , we have plenty of it , but i feel it does n't come up as much as it does in the us . 
   europeans should be highly embarrassed about this . 
  defamation no longer carries criminal penalties in much of the world , including the u.s. , u.k. and many african states . 
  apparently the author does n't know the u.k is in europe . 
   not sure why the uk and us did n't bid for the contract too . 
  apparently the us was supporting the japanese offer . 
  for the uk , i would n't be surprise if you get a big contract in the next months/year on which france did n't bid . 
  those kind of contracts and agreements are so complicated , we never get the full picture . 
  really ? 
  but secularism was introduced in turkey by atat\u00fcrk ( tell me if i 'm mistaking ) , is n't attacking his heritage a big deal for a lot of people ? 
  how are turks reacting to that ? 
  i know that turks in this sub are against this kind of shit , but if one of you could give an idea of what is the general feeling for this in turkey it would be well appreciated . 
  ukraine is not in nato and not in the eu . 
  it 's completely different .
