  of course it was , factories close or inside cities , everybody using wood or coal for heating ... 
  it was horrible . 
  hahaha , the industrial revolution ? 
  nothing has changed mate , [ paris is currently building this big ass tower ] ( http://recherchearchitecture.e.r.f.unblog.fr/files/2015/02/le-20-heures-du-17-novembre-2014-tour-triangle-pourquoi-paris-11305678jsutm.jpg ) , london wants to build i do n't know how many new skyscrapers , etc. . . and let 's not even mention other regions of the world like gulf countries where they all want to prove they have the biggest dick . 
  number 2 . 
  you share a crappy video of a sort-of tiny li-ion battery exposed to fire and that does n't burn as a response to my point about what would happen if you threw an electric car battery in a fire . 
  dishonesty at its finest . 
  cool , apparently using google seems complicated for you , [ so here is an actual video of a tesla burning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofphnvb1yze ) and not a crappy example of a baby battery . 
  i 'm sure you would have stayed conformtably seated because it 's obviously impossible for an electric car to burn , or an electric battery to catch fire . 
  throw an electric car battery in a fire and come back to tell me what happened . 
  you think electric cars do n't burn ? 
  well , it 's still better than the swedes with h&m . 
  i have n't visited yet , but it 's definitely on my list and i 'll go next year ( my girlfriend is from a small town near lecce , so i go there in summer ) . 
  i really like how some towns have arabic influences , some greek , some roman , etc. . . 
  architecture is great there . 
  great weather , great food , great beaches , great landscapes , it 's cheap and not as packed with tourists as other mediterranean regions . 
  the problem is not the police , it 's political will . 
  there are police officers doing what you say , who dress as tourists and arrest them . 
  they face 2 problems : first , there are not many , so their impact is very little . 
  compared to the scammers , they are a drop in the ocean . 
  second , most scammers and particularly romas are minors without any id . 
  so when they get caught , they spend a couple hours at the police station and get released . 
  they claim to be 14 , so no prison for them . 
  it 's of course simply impossible to prove they 're not , or it would take so much time and money that it 's simply not worth it for the police . 
  like pretty much everywhere else , we have politicians who want supercops to be supereffective , stop crime everywhere , and at the same time they cut their fundings . 
  yeah , the swedish royalty is originally french ( bernadotte ) , yet no one would say sweden and france are similar culturally . 
  it 's not the point , saying something like this makes you look like a snobbish cunt and does n't achieve anything . 
  no one has ever convinced anyone by making statements like this . 
  actually , it has the exact opposite effect and gives free ammo to anti-european movements , as we see it now . 
  if an experienced politician does n't understand something as simple as this , he should just keep quiet . 
  `` the people are the problem '' is an incredibly stupid thing to say by any politician in any country , whatever the context is . 
   this type of robbery being common in france makes france look bad , it 's not common , that 's why the story made it to fucking international news . 
  yes it does , like everywhere else . 
  [ and when it 's not canadians stabbing to death elderly tourists , ] ( http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/french-tourist-in-his-80s-dies-after-attack-in-quebec-city/article25479474/ ) it 's bears who [ savagely attack them !!, 
  ] ( http://www.calgarysun.com/2014/07/22/tourist-attacked-by-bear-during-alberta-vacation-wants-bruin-to-live ) canada is lost . 
  i just gave an example of a violent attack on tourists in your country to point at this is ridiculous to claim a country is a joke based on an isolated incident , i do n't see what the priest murder have to do with tourists getting attacked honestly . 
  [ in france , i ca n't remember the last time tourists got attacked in their hotel room with a hammer in the middle of the night by a man who broke in as it happened in the middle of london . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-26931993 ) yet that does n't mean i think the uk is `` a joke of a country '' . 
  saint-denis has the highest crime rate of the country , so i would n't call that `` standard '' but burning things is a normal pastime there . 
  they seem to not burn people yet , so there is a good news at least . 
  in what utopia are you living where there is no robbery ? 
  i get that it 's not a good time for us with the terrorist attacks , and consenquently the image of the country has been damaged , but this is a news story about a bunch of tourists getting robbed . 
  if we 're a joke because of this , then the whole world is a laughing stock . 
   the shared nationality would be the lesser of two evils for them . 
  how do you know that ? 
  nobody knows what kind of deal the uk will have with the eu . 
  and they scream at every opportunity they get they do n't want to be spanish , ever . 
   personally , if gibraltar leaves the eu and the border is closed , the problem stops to exist for me . 
  and the problems start for +4.000 spaniards who come to work everyday in gibraltar . 
  you can trust it because the whole book is basically a long list of examples based only on facts and data ( a lot of it , on the number of headlines about a conflict compared to another one , etc. . . ) whatever you may think of chomsky ( he annoys me a lot too sometimes ) , he wrote this scientifically , it 's not an opinion piece . 
  well , in the case of scotland it 's a bit different , they had a referendum not so long ago and a very strong independence movement . 
  but in the case of gibraltar there is absolutely none , so i really do n't understand people claiming they would for sure kick the british out soon . 
  hahaha , you guys are hilarious . 
   gibraltans are gon na want shared sovereignty after brexit . 
  you seem to be quite sure of something based on nothing . 
  here is the reaction of fabian picardo , gibraltar 's chief minister , after the spanish foreign minister said that brexit opened new possibilities :  `` let me be absolutely clear . 
  despite the noises that are bound to be made by some in the neighbouring nation -- indeed , some have already been made this morning -- this government is confident in the support from the british government that there will be not talks , or even talks about talks , against the express wishes of the people of gibraltar in respect of the sovereignty of gibraltar . ''  he dismissed margallo 's intervention as irrelevant noise and a waste of breath . 
  `` such ideas will never prosper , '' he said . 
  ** `` gibraltar will never pay a sovereignty price for access to a market . 
  gibraltar will never be spanish in whole , in part or at all . '' ** [ here is the complete article . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/24/britain-gibraltar-rejects-spains-talk-joint-sovereignty ) oh and by the way , the last time gibraltans had to vote on the issue of joint sovereignty in 2002 , 99 % rejected the idea . 
  that 's not a small majority . 
  and i do n't think in 15 years , even with the brexit , a majority of the population changed their mind . 
  i really do n't get spain on this , gibraltar is a small rock who has been under british control for 300 years , and the people living on it seem to be really happy about it , why ca n't they let it go ? 
  i mean , a big chunk of the country ( also the richest ) wants its independance already , maybe they should focus on this . 
   those companies probably have a lot of employees , if they really are pushing just one sole agenda and censoring the rest , surely a lot of people would notice and speak out ? 
  you should read manufacturing consent : the political economy of the mass media by chomsky . 
  it 's very enlighting and shows how media bias works . 
  til that my fellow countrymen are against croatia joining the eu , despite the fact croatia is a member since 2013 . 
  interesting . 
  i went to sweden for the first time this year , the social awkwardness is really on point . 
  whenever i had to ask for directions , people looked terrified at first , and it seems like it was a horribly uncomfortable thing to do to give directions to a tourist . 
  very polite and lovely once you break that barrier , but the first contact was always a strange moment . 
  i think you 're mistaking us with the vikings . 
   if we were to sit around in the 1940 's describing how bad the mongols were while hitler warmed up his ovens i 'd find it as tedious , morally confused and irrelevant as this conversation . 
  this is the best analogy i 've read on this . 
  i might even borrow it in the future . 
  mmmmh , francis looks like a naughty boy indeed . 
  and this the kind of stuff that makes me realise how bad i am at maths . 
  iirc , the number of tourists per year means the number of foreigners who spend at least a night in the country . 
  so vatican would have almost none . 
   well it 's probably just for the general public . 
  investors use econometric analysis far more detailed than a map on the washington post . 
  but it surely gives you an idea of which countries and regions are currently innovators and which adaptors . 
  well , fair enough . 
  i still think it was n't complicated to have a little more detailed map , especially when comparing countries and regions of vastly different sizes and populations . 
  but if 90 % of the innovation comes from one city of the region , do you think it reflects anything to colour the whole region ? 
  i mean , let 's say you 're an investor . 
  is this map any useful to you ? 
  would you know where to put your money , or where you 're going to buy a building to put your new startup company employees in the south west region of france for example ? 
  because as u/thomanou said , you can have a very innovative city like nantes , being in a region nearly the size of ireland , wich is gon na fall in the light green category because only nantes is considered very innovative . 
  the rest of the region is more in the `` modest innovators '' category , and a better map would concentrate on the very innovative areas and cities , not administrative regions . 
  with this map there is only an average that is quite inaccurate . 
  it can applies to other countries too . 
  population yes , but france is much bigger than italy ( 551 500 km2 vs. 301 300 km2 ) , which is his point , the population is more widespread . 
   and the situation in france could be much better ; none of those languages are co-official in their regions , for example . 
  yes , that 's a problem and i think they should be . 
   can you learn them at a public school , from primary level all the way to unversity ? 
  yes , you can learn basque in public schools for example , starting at primary school . 
  [ here is a link ( in french ) that explains how it works .
