  nobody seems to be able to provide a good example to counter my point . 
   besides , you 're changing the subject : you asked about quality . 
  now you 're saying that quality is irrelevant . 
  it becomes irrelevant because you exclude millions of people from your statistics , whereas other developed countries will include everybody with a cancer since everyone can have access to treatment . 
  your statistics just erase millions of people who ca n't even get treatment in the first place . 
  include them and see how fare the us globally scores in 5 years survival rates . 
   then you can read the same thing from the cdc or from any other source . 
  interesting indeed :  the u.s. infant mortality rate was still higher than for most european countries when births at less than 22 weeks of gestation were excluded . 
   the percentage of births that were born preterm was much higher in the united states than in europe . 
   the united states compares favorably with european countries in infant mortality rates for preterm , but not for term infants . 
  so you 're lagging behind , pretty much what i said and what the cdc is confirming here . 
  so people with guns , plus the support of 2 of the superpowers of the time then . 
  including their navy , their guns , their training , etc. . . 
   the united states of america , baby . 
  the united states of america , without the support of france and spain , will still be a british territory . 
  you really think you gained independence because americans had guns ? 
   the us army wo n't use hellfire missiles to kill their own people . 
  you 're delusional if you think they 'll resort to that level . 
  we 're talking about a scenario where a tyrant is in power , and the people have become insurgents and fight the government . 
  the us army would n't need hellfire missiles , a few tanks would do the job . 
  the entire american revolution was possible because 2 superpowers of the time , france and spain , funded , trained and provided troops and material . 
  if you think the us became a sovereign country because of guerilla warfare you 've just never opened a history book . 
   an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . 
  if allowing the peasants to own firearms means that there will be less tyrants , that is an incredibly good argument to have them . 
  i 'd like to have your examples of these armed peasants who managed to avoid tyranny in history . 
  ever . 
  and those who replaced the tyrant by their own ( often worse ) tyrant do n't count obviously . 
   sorry , but i do not intend to be a slave . 
  if you think your gun will stop your government with its conventional army to enslave you if it wants to you 're plain delusional . 
  the constitution of new hampshire might gives you a thrill but it 's nothing more than a piece of paper written in the 18th century in what still was the middle age in terms of weapons compared to nowadays . 
  armed inhabitants would n't last a day if the us army decided to turn their state into a giant prison camp . 
   it means you are not retarded you pass some psychotests , you will not start shooting people because you see a person with a knife . 
  yeah well there is a difference between having some practice at a shooting range and having a proper reaction in a stressful situation . 
  trained professionals make mistakes everyday . 
  telling the average guy he can shoot on sight if he sees a terrorist is incredibly stupid imo . 
  i do n't know but it 's honestly odd to see a reaction like this from czech republic whereas this was not even a question raised here in france where we 're basically waiting for the next attack to take place . 
  do you realistically think terrorism is such a big problem in your country that you need to change your constitution and just make people anxious for something that will probably never happen ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most of isis do n't even know czech republic exists ( i do n't mean to offend , but considering how stupid they are that would n't surprise me ) . 
  the only thing i can find about terrorism there is a one-paragraph article on wikipedia about a big threat in 2006 and that 's it . 
  ah and also that there is 3 500 muslims in all of czech republic . 
   i do n't know if i 'd say `` superb '' but it 's basically true that the problem with our health system is cost , not quality . 
  unaffordable healthcare makes the quality of your healthcare irrelevant for dozens of millions of americans : they ca n't access it anyway . 
  also , when you have a wikipedia article entitled `` list of countries by quality of healthcare '' , a very global topic that should have thousands of contributors , only available in english , urdu and chinese , that means it 's crap . 
   the us has a longer male life expectancy than the eu . 
  where do you see that in your link ? 
  when did you decide the eu was a country ? 
  why do cherry-pick one region of the uk to compare it to states ? 
  compare countries with countries . 
  from your link , i learned that the who , the un and the cia among others put you way down their lists for life expectancy . 
   and the infant mortality statistic that is constantly used to make us look like shit is false : unlike most countries , we count stillbirths and miscarriages and deaths of premature births as infant mortality . 
  with that accounted for , our infant mortality rate is the same as norway 's . 
  [ i 'll take the cdc ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/09/29/our-infant-mortality-rate-is-a-national-embarrassment/ ) over [ your shitty collaborative blog . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pj_media ) but i 'm sure you 'll tell me the media , the cdc , and pretty much any organisation with data on this is part of a big conspiracy to make you look like shit . 
   it may costs more than theirs but its better . 
  based on what ? 
  your irrelevant anecdote about your canadian friends ? 
  i 'll trust the who a bit more , thanks , or just take a look at the infant mortality rate and life expectancy to compare the two . 
  the us healthcare system is a massive failure : it costs more for a lesser quality than any other developed country . 
  private insurance costs more , and they spend more in % of gdp in healthcare ( and that 's public money , taxes ) . 
   also worker 's rights is not a part of their culture . 
  they do n't view it as a big problem mainly because of their individualistic work ethic . 
  millions of americans consider it a big problem and protest to have a decent minimum wage , affordable healthcare and so on . 
  they might not be the majority , but they are there . 
  i do n't think it 's only about architecture , people see a fast-food chain serving crap taking the spot of what could be an italian restaurant . 
   money 's money , whether in the form of a ticket or a tax subsidy . 
  look at your healthcare system to see how flawed your logic is . 
  you end up spending more private money and more public money than any other developed country . 
   look at the situation with roads that would be a good comparison if you could have your personal train and use it on the railtracks for free . 
   the fast train is on par with a french tgv that 's because it 's alstom , the french company that makes the tgv , who is providing poland its fast trains . 
  poles pay a lot less than us to use them though , tgv tickets can get very pricey . 
  it is ( a part ) of the muslim population that separates itself from the rest of society by living with 8th century mentalities . 
  not the other way around . 
  you 're right , it 's only speculation as no fair referendum was organised but it 's still a reality that the annexation of crimea happened mostly because almost no one wanted to fight russians they considered their own . 
  [ sure , le monde . 
  ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/attaques-a-paris/article/2015/12/20/juste-apres-les-attentats-salah-abdeslam-a-passe-trois-controles-de-police-en-france_4835461_4809495.html ) third paragraph , just after the quote . 
  who 's talking about wanting to vote for putin ? 
  we 're talking about wanting to join russia . 
  well i 'm sceptic of the eu , does n't mean i want my country to leave it or i want to see it end . 
   then why not have a similar referendum in the french banlieues ? 
  that 's actually an idea she could consider . 
  ah come on , i consider the annexation of crimea 100 % illegal and the referendum as well , but it 's a fact that a vast majority of crimeans consider themselves to be russians . 
  i really do n't see the point in denying this . 
  exactly , for the record salah abdeslam confessed after his arrest that he left the id of his brother ( who was part of the november 13th team ) `` so he could become as famous as coulibaly '' who did the attack in january 2015 against the kosher supermarket . 
  that 's true , poland was quite advanced on women 's rights compared to us . 
  i should have said catholic values in latin countries . 
  i do n't understand at all what you 're trying to say . 
  why would i prefer buddhists ? 
  over whom ? 
  what is this correct answer you 're talking about ? 
  i do n't really understand your point , are you trying to compare the 60s in the west with the current middle-east ? 
   have you ever talked with someone in their middle 60s ? 
  yeah my parents and almost all my uncles and aunts . 
  the 60s is not the hippie paradise people fantasize about , not everybody was in woodstock taking lsd you know , conservatism was extremely strong , far more than today . 
  nearly 2000 years of catholic values that put men above women . 
  ah yeah you 're right , 52 years ago then . 
  not exactly a big difference though . 
  yep , and 50 years ago ( so in 1967 ) , women could n't open a bank account or have a job without the approval of their husbands . 
  that being said , these communities shown in the video do live in a different world very different from mainstream society . 
  they are 50 years behind and that 's a problem . 
   someone make an offensive cartoon about them then .
