  i always heard it was because coca-cola did n't want to sell coke in germany for their brand image , i guess i should have known better , a multinational company does n't give a shit about ethics . 
   they do n't need to be refueled every few days , they have a 19,000 km range . 
  ok i stand corrected on this , that 's actually a large range . 
   but still not on the level that britain can . 
   the new carriers will just mean that france will fall further behind than currently when it comes to projecting power abroad . 
  you have power , more jets and soldiers than us , just no recent history of being able to wield it abroad . 
  so britain has n't led a war or went somewhere on its own since the falklands , you do n't have an aircraft carrier and had to rely on the french and the americans for a while now , but we 're not on your level ? 
  what level is that exactly ? 
  only a british can be as delusional as this . 
  [ british pilots had to learn french to be able to practice on our aircraft carrier while you were still trying to build your own . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2002605/royal-navy-pilots-language-lessons-use-french-aircraft-carrier.html )  a senior royal navy officer said last night : ` who would have thought that more than 200 years after the battle of trafalgar , we would be asking the french to train our naval fighter pilots ? 
  our relationship with the french has always been a bit tense , so this will be a big test of co-operation . 
   ` for decades , our perception of the french has always been that they arrive when the battle is over . 
  now david cameron has forced us to join forces , take french lessons and eat their food . ' lol , and that 's the daily mail , i guess that must have been painful for them to write a quote like this directly from the royal navy !, 
  oh ok , sorry your phrasing confused me . 
  [ they badly want to actually . 
  ] ( https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/01/21/will-china-become-an-aircraft-carrier-superpower/ ), 
  i 'm not sure i understood your question . 
   why does it matter if they 're non-nuclear ? 
  the deployment range is already more than enough , and they 're cheaper to run in the long term considering how incredibly expensive it is to refuel nuclear carriers . 
  i think you got that backwards , the charles de gaulle needs to refuel every 7 years and a half with its nuclear propulsion . 
  yours will need a tanker always close enough because they 'll need to be refueled every few days . 
  that 's a huge liability . 
  and nuclear fuel is a lot cheaper . 
  on a submarine , on an aircraft carrier or for civilian purposes . 
  anywhere . 
   as for power projection , even with a carrier , the french have n't proven to have the logistics or capability required for large sustained operations like iraq , so yeah . 
  most powerful military with the most power projection in europe . 
  you mean the capibility to handle a war in iraq alone ? 
  of course not . 
  we still managed to fight in mali and the whole sahel region , centrafrica , syria and iraq at the same time in the past 4 years . 
  if it does n't prove our capability to sustain large operations i do n't know what to say . 
  edit :  also , the first one is due to be commissioned in 2017 , second in 2020 . 
  hardly five years at best . 
   the first of the ships to be ready , hms queen elizabeth , is due to start sea trials next year and is expected to be ready for its first deployment in 2021 . 
  i mean , i 'm just quoting the article . 
  well this is true , but as powerful as these aircraft carriers will be , your nuclear subs are the best defence of the uk . 
   damn right , most powerful military in europe with the most power projection too . 
  damn , an article about non-nuclear aircraft carriers that will be in deployment in 5 years at best and you already have the most powerful military and the most power projection in europe ? 
  at least wait until they can actually float . 
  edit : ah , sneaky edit after my reply , of course . 
  it 's actually a weird statement , aircraft carriers are formidable asset to project force , not really to defend the territory . 
  my girlfriend is from puglia and she disagrees . 
  [ i think i 'm gon na go with this , ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/france/2016/03/20/pour-un-boycott-actif-de-l-election-presidentielle_1440850 ) i honestly do n't trust any potential candidate . 
  same here in france . 
  we make money from greece 's problems . 
  the hypocrisy of our governments is unbelievable . 
   i may be exaggerating on the scale slightly . 
  not with their national team . 
  well it 's the same in pretty much every country . 
  if you live in paris and have an appartment , you are a lot wealthier than a guy who lives in the north or in auverge in the middle of the country . 
  my girlfriend is italian and her family has been struggling for 10 years to sell a house where they live in puglia because it 's worth nothing . 
  if they had the same house near milan they would be a lot richer . 
  you always have areas where wealth is more concentrated , this is why these kind of numbers do n't mean that much and it 's more interesting to have the figures for different regions within each country . 
   when he realized he was n't the messiah we were all waiting for . 
  i 'm not even sure he has realised this yet . 
   companies of more than 50 people will be obliged to draw up a charter of good conduct , setting out the hours - normally in the evening and at the weekend - when staff are ** not supposed to ** send or answer emails . 
  [ from the more detailed bbc article . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-36249647 ) this is nowhere near a complete governmental ban that would be impossible to enforce anyway . 
  it 's just a charter companies will have to write down that has legally no value . 
  but if an employee gets fired because he did n't answer an email on a sunday afternoon , that might help his case if he goes to court to contest his sacking . 
  yeah , that must be that , i 'm projecting . 
  the fact that uae , a tiny filthy rich monarchy , has been granted visa-free travel in schengen does n't mean their islamists are not a threat . 
  you just jumped to conclusion and completely ignored economic and diplomatic reasons that lead to that . 
  the same reason the eu is talking with turkey right now : mutual interests . 
  not because we admire your lovely president and his islamic views from the middle-age . 
  ah ok , no one from uae blew people up in europe , so therefore we should n't consider any radical islamists as a threat as long as they come from a country that has n't had any citizen involved in a terror attack in europe . 
  taliban never blew people up in europe , neither did members of al-shabbaab from somalia , i do n't see why they should be treated differently and we should consider the possibility some of them might be a danger in the future . 
  actually , let 's not consider all islamists a threat anymore because a small country in the gulf has been granted visa-free travel in schengen . 
  because the jihadists are among those 8.000.000 . 
  algeria only had `` a small minority '' that was in favor of sharia as well in the 80s . 
  go read how it went in the 90s when a part of this small minority decided to start acting violently to achieve their goal . 
  actually , go check anywhere on this planet where there is a significant muslim population where their jihadis ' problem come from . 
  you said it like it 's an irrelevant tiny minority , i sarcastically pointed out this is not . 
  i do n't think they are directly a threat to europe , but among these 8.000.000 , i think you have a significant number that is a threat to turkey . 
  [ a nice response to the `` only a minority '' argument . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry3nzkaoo3s ), 
  only 8.000.000 people then , nothing to be worried about here . 
  he was n't , that 's the whole point of what i said ... 
   for high ranking army men the punishment was imprisonment of the family : like it happened when koningsberg surrendered or like we 've talked about in the case of paulus . 
   the death penalties you mention were ... after the assassination plot against hitler failed . 
   the fact that nothing happened after he did n't flip the switch against parisian landmarks is proof enough that nothing would have happened . 
  it was the end of the war man . 
  actually you 're right about this , it was imprisonment and not death penalty . 
   i mean really in the table . 
  like something that would actually happen . 
  and the guy needed convincing cuz he was like soooo close to flip the switch and blow the louvre . 
   doubt that ever was the case . 
  explosives were all set , every bridge was ready to be blown up . 
  the order to detonate them was given directly from hitler . 
  i do n't know what else you need to be convinced that was `` really on the table '' . 
   do you have any exemples ? 
  paulus ' wife did n't get shot for example , she died in 49 . 
  [ yes , there is a whole book about it and it was called * sippenhaft * ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/reviews/disobeying-hitler-german-resistance-in-the-last-year-of-wwii-by-randall-hansen-book-review-9669872.html ) ( althouth it predates nazi germany , but it became associated with the end of wwii for german soldiers who disobeyed hitler 's orders ) . 
  also about paulus , his wife did n't get shot but was sent to concentration camp . 
  it 's kind of a miracle she survived . 
  but i 'll give you that , she did n't get shot . 
   i really doubt the destruction of important parisian landmarks was ever on the table . 
  [ oh it really was and it 's actually quite well documented . 
  ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/books/596967/new-book-reveals-nazi-governor-dietrich-von-choltitz-saved-paris ),
