  and you were responding to him for fuck sake . 
   so if the uk invaded france 100 years earlier it would n't have been a wonder of the modern world , right ? 
  you make no sense . 
   why are you bringing up ceausescu ? 
  why did you bring up le pen ? 
   seriously , how old are you ? 
   ) unseen quality counter argument right there . 
   you diverted the discussion about an electric airplane to an underwater tunnel built in 1994 and falsely claimed `` it was the first in human history '' . 
  read again what i said , it 's the first to connect two countries . 
  and it is the first to connect 2 countries which is why the whole world knows about it . 
  [ this is also why the american society of civil engineers named it one of the seven wonders of the modern world . 
  ] ( http://www.ce.memphis.edu/1101/interesting_stuff/7wonders.html )  that 's petty nationalism . 
   you flair says `` moody parisian '' . 
  i do n't have to accuse you of anything . 
  it 's already obvious . 
  and yours says ` romania ' , i do n't have to accuse you of anything it 's already obvious you 're a ultra-supra-extreme nationalist and ceau\u0219escu nostalgic . 
  might be neo-nazi-bolchevik as well , have n't decided yet on this one though . 
   so france was the first in human history to build an underwater tunnel together with another country ? 
   ca n't the brits say the same thing ? 
   so when i say  unseen collaboration project between france and great britain you read : `` france built it alone . '', 
  you have brain damage , no other explanation . 
   this discussion is over . 
  yep , i think so . 
  tagged as romanian nationalist troll . 
   why are you being so hostile ? 
  i 'm not ? 
  i get it . 
  extreme french nationalism ? 
   you support lepen , amirite ? 
   because i take pride in what is an unseen collaboration project between france and great britain you accuse me of being an extreme nationalist ? 
  building project with your historical ennemy is nationalism now , ok . and what the hell le pen has to do with this ? 
   and , no , you were n't `` the first in human history to build a mother fucking undersea bridge '' . 
   japan did it before in 1988 . 
   the channel tunnel was opened in 1994 . 
  that 's 6 years later . 
  not to connect 2 different countries . 
  which is very , very different . 
  well yeah , if two people lose 10 $ they both lose . 
  but if one only has 100 $ at the bank and the other has 1000 $ it does n't have the same effect , one lost 10 % of his money and the other one 1 % . 
   it 's a symbolic route . 
  it 's a bridge between two nations that had long disputes across history . 
  well yeah we 're a bit passed that since we were the first in human history to build a mother fucking undersea bridge to connect our two countries . 
  an electric flight is still a plane flying , whether it uses dog shit or electric energy does n't make it a `` bridge between two nations '' that are so connected that thousands of people go spend just a day in each other 's capital city . 
  and then we get angrier and angrier until a short guy make us fight with everybody ? 
  not nice :( but then we would be bff again for 2 centuries !!, 
  oh shit i forgot about germany getting totally insane twice in between ... oh well , we shall see !, 
  jealous ? 
  excited ? 
  oh yes !, 
  whatever how this all ends , we 're living interesting times . 
  and this is the beauty of the european project , we can all say fuck to brussells sometimes and not to each other !, 
  because we all have a say !, 
  or he 's just an alcoholic captain named after a fish , whose past glory is long gone and needs a friend from brussels to constantly save him . 
  yep , really depends how you look at it !, 
  with hours , minutes and * seconds * remaining . 
  they 're not overexcited at all about brexit , are they ? 
  not far yes , a little bit south-west of cherbourg . 
  cherbourg is in normandy today while asterix 's village would be in bretagne . 
  you do n't send a nuclear missile `` by accident '' , i do n't see the risk in this . 
  this is the same situation since the dawn of time . 
  if my neighbour has a stick , i 'll have one too to defend myself so he 'll think twice before attacking me . 
   still pretty badass how they managed to conquer it all . 
  [ wrong !, 
  ] ( http://safet91.free.fr/images/bd/asterix/loupe_essai.jpg ), 
  until qu\u00e9bec ~ ~ separates ~ ~ becomes french again !, 
  the dependency the uk has for its nuclear deterrent is outside of nato . 
  even if nato collapses the us would still work with the uk to maintain their nuclear deterrent . 
  but granted , it 's not fully independent . 
   nobody can point to a single realistic scenario where it would be in russia 's geo-political interest to engage in a first-strike on europe . 
  so unless europe decided to invade russia , something which no sane person advocates then a first-strike will not happen . 
   even if you ignore the fallout and the nuclear winter that would effect russia then the financial implications alone would spell disaster for the russian state . 
  russia depends on the eu economically . 
  but ... you just explained what is nuclear detterence . 
  it 's unlikely russia would use it if europe did n't have any nuclear detterent , but it 's completely impossible since we have one . 
  it 's simply not worth it for either side to attack the other so no one does . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  too bad he deleted his comment , sounds like it was an interesting one . 
  russia also has a giant target on them , that 's how nuclear deterrent works . 
  if you do n't want the us deterrent it 's fine , go vote for someone in your country that opposes it . 
  we and the uk have our own , we do n't rely on it for defence anyway . 
  if you think russia will stop pointing their nuclear weapons at you because you told the us to fuck off well ... that 's your opinion and we 'll see . 
   that 's what ukrainians thought when they gave up nuclear weapons in exchange from security promises . 
  they had physical control of the nukes but absolutely no operational control . 
  it was like having a giant gun with no bullet at all . 
  well , i guess that 's why humour is n't your greatest export . 
  reading what other people said , m\u00e9lenchon meant it as `` romanians work a lot '' which makes more sense since he 's really not the type of person to insult other countries on how much they work . 
  do they have a bottle of schnaps ? 
  m\u00e9lenchon ( left ) told fillon ( right ) : `` stop saying we do n't work in france . 
  do you know how many hours they work in romania ? '', 
  to which fillon replied : `` we do n't compare ourselves to romania but to the netherlands , germany or denmark . '', 
  so not very nice sorry :( to be fair i still do n't know exactly what m\u00e9lenchon meant by that , fillon 's answer was very contemptuous without a doubt though . 
  almost bigger than great britain , impressive !, 
  turkey has a population of around 75m , france is at 65m . 
  that means turkey would have more mps than france at the eu parliament , which is something no one here will support ever , from the far left to the far right . 
  also , considering the birthrate of germany compared to turkey , in about 2 or 3 decades turkey could potentially be the most represented in the eu parliament . 
  this is n't nonsense at all , this is the most basic common sense to talk about the population size . 
  how did we do the most to fuck your country apart . 
  please , explain . 
  because the least we want is to have a fucked up country at our border . 
  you 're being sarcastic because you 're butthurt as fuck , but that 's exactly it .
