  period . 
   stability means that you are able to change policies and/or leadership without trouble . 
  this is not stability , this is democracy . 
  [ you can read the definition of `` stability '' here . 
  ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/stability ) * stability : the quality or state of something that is not easily changed or likely to change . 
  interesting , turkey seems indeed to be quite divided , and so are a lot of european countries . 
  all i 'm saying is it 's a personal journey . 
  if a country under autocratic rule wants democracy , it will get it . 
  but not every country is ready for it , nor western democracy is adapted to every country . 
  and when westerners like you will stop looking at other countries like miserable people unable to make the right choice because they 're `` victims '' , which by the way is the logic that lead to the current disastrous situation of many middle eastern countries , we will have achieve a great step towards self-determination for many countries . 
   that was always and still is the biggest danger , losing grasp on democracy and slipping into authoritarianism . 
  ... which is what democracies in europe and elsewhere have been doing for the past century and why democratic regimes are not necessarly more stable than autocratic regimes sometimes . 
   no they are n't , in-fighting , civil wars , revolutions , they always occur in autocratic regimes . 
  as they occured in democratic europe for the past century . 
  with a little bonus , the 2 bloodiest wars mankind has ever experienced . 
  i had conversations with turks here that had a completely different opinion . 
  especially on how he changed education to push for more religion in public schools by putting teachers with islamist views in charge . 
  that is very , very debatable . 
  what is a democracy for you ? 
  take algeria , that is very likely to collapse when bouteflika dies . 
  this is a democracy , there is an opposition and people elect their leader . 
  yet they had a nasty civil war 20 years ago , that exported terrorists in europe , and economically they are miserable mostly because of corruption . 
  now look at morocco next door , which still has a king that controls everything . 
  they 're more stable politically and way more successful economically without oil . 
  so again , this is very , very debatable to say democracies are stable by nature . 
  actually , if you look at history , autocratic regimes are often way more stable than democracies . 
   immigrant : a person who migrates to another country , usually for permanent residence . 
  they are literally the same thing . 
  and do you think they 'll be friendly to slovaks ? 
  again : how the hell do you think football ( soccer ) developped ? 
  do you think the world cup appeared out of thin air ? 
  the first british leagues and competitions existed decades before it . 
   yet they didnt invent 2 sports that started out being played exclusively in one country and then sloppily throw together a tournament championship using all the teams in the country , despite the different teams belonging to one of several national leagues . 
  how the hell do you think football ( soccer ) developped ? 
  the brits invented almost all the most popular sports worldwide , yet they never called their first professional national champions `` world champions '' . 
  [ yep , this sums it up pretty well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5yawy3d96g ), 
  [ what about the nfl ? 
  ] ( http://static.nfl.com/static/content/public/pg-photo/2012/01/17/09000d5d82618721_gallery_600.jpg ) or what [ about the nba ? 
  ] ( http://images.collectors.com/articles/1979-gus-williams-nba-championship-ring-2013may14.jpg ), 
   ~ ~ france ~ ~ the whole fucking world is resembling more and more like northern ireland during the troubles every single day . 
  ftfy, 
   that i should follow danish culture and not pray i feel the is the core of the problem with some immigrants ( not all of course ) . 
  britain and france for example have had immigrants coming for a while now . 
  it used to be simple : someone from x country would come , of course this person would retain aspect of her culture , and some of it would even be accepted by locals ( like food or art ) and become part of the local culture . 
  she would adapt and respect the local culture though , because she knew she was n't from there . 
  this person then would have kids , and these kids would receive some of the culture of their parents . 
  but , they would also become fully local , speaking the language and having the mentality of a local . 
  then these kids would have kids as well , and after a couple generation all them would feel 100 % british or french ( as many do ) . 
  now , we see people claiming the local culture `` sucks '' , they do n't respect it at all and publicly state they want to force theirs ( which often is n't even theirs , but what they think their ancestors used to do ) on locals . 
  how is it not a recipe for disaster ? 
  what the british , french or spanish did was to force their religion , culture and values on others around the world . 
  it is almost universally accepted as something horrible that destroyed entire cultures . 
  yet this kind of behavior should be accepted by europeans from others now ? 
  this is insane . 
  i agree , also it really depends where you look . 
  british police is very effective and famously respectful of individuals , i personally think this is the model everybody should aim for . 
  sadly here in france cops are more looking at the us for this , fortunately the law is still very strict and they ca n't shoot people at their will . 
  the us has its own very specific problem of police brutality and racism that does n't exist in europe . 
  not that we do n't have police brutality and racism here , but it 's on a completely different level . 
  also , i 'm absolutely not in favour of racial profiling which is a horrendous thing , maybe i did n't explain myself properly . 
  i think cops are already profiling suspects based on criterias such as clothing and attitude , they just do it unofficially but they very much do . 
  sure , it 's not fair for the innocent guy who just happens to live in a bad neighbourhood . 
  but when you 're a cop and the same people wearing the same clothes throw rocks are you every night , when they 're not shooting at you , gang-raping a girl in a basement or burning cars , you start profiling . 
  i know most people do n't like to hear it , but the fact is cops are already doing it . 
  when 99 % of the criminality comes from young people , who dress in a specific way , talk in a specific way and hang out in the same way , it 's a logical thing to do . 
  yes , certain types of clothing combined with certain attitudes most definitely can be a good indicator of a potential criminal activity . 
  imagine , you 're a cop and you know people have been mugged and you got tipped that drug dealers where in the area . 
  you get there , and you see [ these guys ] ( http://i.skyrock.net/7647/27407647/pics/840172283_small.jpg ) and also [ these ones . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/2e/ce/5a/2ece5a497aa6289e36c88661250ba499.jpg ) which ones are most likely to be the criminals ? 
  which ones are you going to ask for a lighter late at night ? 
  none of them have tattoos or gang clothes , yet it seems pretty obvious who 's the most suspect is n't it ? 
  exactly . 
  when i was a teenager i spent all my afternoons skateboarding , i had long hair and was wearing baggy jeans . 
  i was getting controled every week for weed . 
  now it 's been years since a cop asked for my id . 
  same thing for everybody , black or arab people wearing suits do n't get harrassed by cops surprisingly . 
  the one who wear tracksuits and spend their day on a public bench get more attention , and quite rightly so . 
  not neo-nazi though , there is a difference . 
  [ example : these are not nazi salutes , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlt2sbkigny ) but you would know if you had actually been in a bleacher before . 
  [ this is . 
  ] ( http://img.20mn.fr/z8hvep8_tmuqtwfx2y48rw/2048x1536-fit_anders-behring-breivik-lors-de-l-audience-du-15-mars-2016-a-skien-norvege.jpg ) edit : a downvote but no reply when i expose your ignorance . 
  the fact that you think they make nazi salute is actually quite indicative of your knowledge of ultra culture . 
  oh come one ... 
  nope , not for the r\u00e9union island , the first inhabitants were europeans there was no one before !, 
  ^ but ^ we ^ brought ^ slaves ^ after . 
  indeed , much more !, 
  you played very well , not sure we were really better yesterday , you can definitely beat switzerland and albania . 
  me neither , i read an interview today ( in french ) of raducioiu , a former romanian player who said the quality dropped in recent years . 
  but i remember chivu , mutu and nicolae to name a few good players you had . 
  i ca n't say i can name many now unfortunately . 
  what really annoyed me is there was so much quality on the pitch in both teams , yet they played like both did n't want to score . 
  they wo n't , they would just have to apply for visas . 
  that 'll be an administrative nightmare for them but i do n't think it will be a big problem eventually . 
  most brits in france own properties , they ca n't be kicked out and i do n't think anyone will become agressive towards people well established and well accepted ( some even have seats in city councils ) . 
  well , if it can make you feel any better , we were miserable as well in 2008 . 
  the france-romania was one of the most boring match i 've ever watched . 
   that 's 1.2 million doctors , engineers , scientists , entrepreneurs , business leaders well , about 1 million of those are actually retired people in france , spain and portugal . 
  incidentally , nice people very much appreciated by locals i must say , except when they provoke a car crash because they drive on the left . 
  that is because the eu budget is set in a seven year financial framework by the european commission .
