  lol . 
  i 'm talking about something i know very well and concerns me and pretty much all the people around me . 
  i do n't even know what you 're trying to do honestly . 
  it 's like explaining what an apple tastes like to someone who eats it everyday when you never had one . 
  i must say it 's quite fascinating to be lectured by a foreigner with no personal experience or knowledge of the question that the trains millions of people are taking everyday and complain about are working just fine . 
  the law affects them . 
  when you make less than 2.000 $ with 2 kids at home , live in a shitty suburb and have to drive your 1995 shitty car because it would take you 2 hours to get to your shitty job in paris if the trains are running well , which happens rarely because the transit is shitty ( i linked to an article about the class action of users against sncf , no reaction from you because it contradicts the bullshit you keep repeating ) , you ca n't afford to spend 5.000 $ + on a new car . 
  you did n't develop a single argument besides `` i 'm right because that 's it . '', 
  you do n't have a single article , figure or personal experience to actually support anything you said . 
  you 're not from there , you never used the trains we 're talking about but try to explain what is the situation . 
  this is indeed embarassing man . 
  i feel for you and your loneliness :(, 
  we were talking about commuting from the suburbs , not public transit in paris . 
  i said in my very first comment that public transport in paris is good . 
  if you ca n't process the words you read i ca n't help you . 
  but please tell me : are you french or have you ever lived in paris or its suburbs ? 
  fact remains the transit is terrible and i gave you detailed articles and informations that explain why . 
  again , there is no way you 're french to say that rer trains are `` fine '' . 
  so you do n't have a clue what you 're talking about . 
  also , this is not about turning paris into atlanta , it 's about letting people with low income still use their old car to commute to work . 
  you 're not from paris are you ? 
  a rental car costs around 100 $ a day , and we 're talking the cheapest one . 
  and again , the rer is at full capacity , i had to take rer a for a year to go to work , every morning i had to let 1 or 2 trains pass because you ca n't physically get on the train . 
  but i guess from a tourist point of view who took the metro to go from montmartre to the eiffel tower everything is smooth and it makes you totally qualified to explain to locals how it works . 
  and you have millions of people coming to work in paris from the suburbs , mostly people who live in the suburbs because they do n't have much money . 
  these are the same using old cars , of course it will fucking affect them . 
  spirit , my friend , do n't underestimate the power of spirit over talent . 
  but to answer your question , no i do n't , we will crush you and [ parade like this ] ( http://media.topito.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/napoleon_born2party-127664.gif ) while the whole world hates us until we face germany . 
  then the whole world will cheer for us . 
  thank you geehrter herr germany , but if we win we 'll play each other in the semi-final . 
  oh come on iceland , the whole world will be against us tomorrow already , do you really need your president to make you look even more sympathetic than you already are ? 
  that 's very , very low . 
  the problem is not paris , most parisians do n't have a car and the one who do do n't really use it in paris anyway but to go on vacation outside of the city . 
  it 's different for people living in the suburb though , and public transit on rer a or b is not a fucking good public transit . 
  also , the rer lines are already at completely full capacity , so there is that . 
  paris metro is mostly great though , nothing to say there . 
  i think he recently started to take flamenco lessons and wanted to show off his newly acquired skills . 
  i honestly do n't have another explanation . 
  completely different man , this is chickenball . 
  many people have such a simplistic view of history this is depressing . 
  my grand-father applauded when p\u00e9tain was appointed , it did n't stop him from joining later the fff in north africa and fight for the rest of the war when he realised what he had done . 
  the vast majority of resistants and fff soldiers initially gave their full support to p\u00e9tain , he was the only mar\u00e9chal and a legend of wwi . 
  [ good tip , you should use this website for the most accurate translations of words or expression with a context . 
  ] ( http://www.linguee.fr/ ) you can select french -  romanian , it works both ways . 
  yeah it was the final dicrease this month before completely eradicating them next year . 
  phone ... 
  i just realised roaming fees are going to disappear in exactly one year in the eu , it 'll be fun to see how high prices will go in the newly free-from-brussels-regulations uk . 
  seriously , now with the brexit , i pay more attention and i keep finding little stuff like this that would n't have been possible without the eu . 
  i 'm not the one you originally replied to , i agree its raise is mostly the result of internal politics , i was only saying that claiming the fn is just the result of a tantrum and they do n't do shit is completely underestimating their power . 
   when things matter , like the 2015 regional elections , fn does n't do shit . 
  in 2012 , fn has 181 elected representatives . 
  after the regional elections of 2015 , they had 1 992 . 
  since marine le pen took over the party in 2011 , they simply destroyed all their previous highest results at every singe election and multiplied by 11 the number of their representatives . 
  they fucking won the last european elections . 
  that 's right , the fn is the biggest french party at the european parliament , and they openly want to leave the eu and get the franc back . 
  they 're the one who speak on your and my behalf to europe . 
  but yeah , keep telling yourself that when `` things matter , fn does n't do shit . '', 
  it 's just a tantrum , it 'll all go away if we do n't look at it . 
   are you talking about the plan to implement amgot in france ? 
  this plan was opposed as much by eisenhower and members of roosevelt 's cabinet as it was by de gaulle ; though de gaulle took sole credit for it in his memoirs . 
  that is simply not true . 
  [ the us even massively printed a currency that did n't take off , but would have simply given them full economic control of france . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/am-franc ) it 's a weird way to `` oppose '' an amgot plan for france . 
  great , you tell yourself that , 
  you ca n't change the tax system of another country genius . 
  that 's called sovereignty . 
   paris vows to fight amazon prime now service  on either side of the atlantic , authorities are racing to recover vast sums from amazon 's multibillion-dollar pool of untaxed income held in luxembourg . 
  i can do that all day . 
  and we all know how tragic and sometimes violent a divorce like this can end ... 
   do n't worry about us . 
  we will get lots of investment soon enough !, 
  from whom ? 
  when you leave , you 'll have to negociate with the eu and every single country you had a trade deal with , because you signed them as a full member of the eu . 
  they are worthless now . 
  and let 's not even mention no one knows what country will the uk be , since a big chunk of it wants its independence and might very well get it . 
  that and economically speaking the uk was in terrible shape . 
  british had to go beg the imf for a bailout 3 years after joining the eec , which kind of proved de gaulle right . 
  to do well you 'll need a special treatment , from the eu and other countries , that 's the whole point . 
  special trade deals , special diplomatic cooperation , special visa agreements , etc. . . 
  this is also why you might be in pretty big trouble , since with this vote most countries are quite pissed at the uk now . 
  i think he was not talking about denmark 's standards . 
  [ it looks effective , do n't mock . 
  ] ( http://cdn.randomfunnypicture.com/pictures/1099chick-point.jpg ), 
   on either side of the atlantic , authorities are racing to recover vast sums from amazon 's multibillion-dollar pool of untaxed income held in luxembourg . 
  we do something . 
  but you would have had to read my previous messages instead of rushing to your keyboard to know about it . 
  come to france , the auld alliance will be stronger than ever now . 
   this is an eu tax law problem  so fix the tax law . 
  i pointed out this is not a eu problem , it 's global and the us is getting buttfucked by amazon too . 
  [ allocin\u00e9 does n't real . 
  ] ( http://www.allocine.fr/service/ticketing/ ), 
   [ the case , which could force amazon to pay more than $ 1.5 bn ( # 1bn ) in unpaid taxes , throws into sharp relief tensions between the us and europe over how to tax multinationals that operate in both jurisdictions . 
  ** on either side of the atlantic , authorities are racing to recover vast sums from amazon 's multibillion-dollar pool of untaxed income held in luxembourg . 
  ** ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/feb/18/revealed-project-goldcrest-amazon-avoid-huge-sums-tax ) you should fix the tax law as well , america , because apparently it concerns you too . 
  it 's almost like we live in a globalised economy and multinational companies take advantage of it , crazy ... 
  what the hell `` adjust their tax law '' means ? 
  they dodge taxes with the help of countries like luxembourg , the netherlands or ireland . 
  we have nothing to adjust , they just have to pay taxes on the profits they make in france , period . 
  their service is `` too good '' because they do n't pay taxes like their competitors . 
  a giant american company , paying almost no taxes , destroying hundreds of local businesses ( who do pay taxes ) and exposed several times for treating its employees like scum , clearly it 's paris ' mayor trying to stop `` progress '' .
