   and my point is that as a major economy , the uk and china have a lot of potential for increasing that trade relationship if the uk leaves the eu ( or in areas where the uk retains competency within the eu . ) . 
  how so ? 
  why would it increase ? 
  the uk will be there alone , next to the eu , the most important consumer market in the world and biggest economy in the world . 
  why would china look towards the uk ? 
  sorry but it does n't make sense at all . 
   so on that basis idea that the uk as a major global economy is uninteresting or unimportant to the china is simply bizarre it 's not what i said at all , it 's just that as i pointed out , the uk is not even in the top 10 trading partners of china . 
  the uk is a minor trading partner for china , that does n't mean the uk is uninteresting or unimportant , it 's just small for them . 
  and that does n't mean the uk is irrelevant on the global stage , it is one of the most powerful in the world without doubt , just not economically speaking for china . 
  and sure , your economy is ( slowly ) growing . 
  now , does that mean that you will have suddenly millions of brits who massively improve their financial situation like in india ? 
  are you experiencing the appearance of a middle class ? 
  new millionaires every day ? 
  no , because the uk is already one of the most developped country , and the market is pretty full . 
  you wo n't have millions of people who will be able to afford things that were only accessible for a small portion of your population like brazil or india . 
  chinese students are to be found en masse everywhere you can find a good education . 
  you know why ? 
  because they 're more than 1,3 billion with a growing middle-class . 
  they are also the biggest international student community in france , second in germany but they 're going to overtake the turks soon , first in australia as well ... 
  everywhere the number of chinese students increases . 
  again , the uk is not very special on that matter . 
  and sure , trade between china and the uk might increase and you have indeed quite important aspects that attract chinese investors . 
  but on the global stage , you 're a tiny player compared to the eu , the us , brazil or japan . 
  well , christine boutin wearing the veil and going to iran is actually exactly in her line of thought . 
  she 's a religious bigot and marched side by side with muslims during the protests against gay marriage , just like a catholic priest testified in the charlie hebdo trial in favor of the muslim association that sued the magazine . 
  they 're allies , not enemies . 
  i do n't disagree when you say china and the uk will continue to trade if you leave the eu because you will remain one of the most powerful country , but i think you really overestimate the importance of the uk for china . 
  [ you 're not even in the top 10 of their most important trading partners , germany or even australia are well ahead of you . 
  ] ( http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/bizchina/2014-02/19/content_17290565.htm ) you 'll be a very small player in the game when it 'll come to bargaining , because your voice will be very tiny . 
  and seriously , you really believe china is seeking access to uk * education * ? 
  what is it ? 
  do n't make jokes about luxembourg 's army , they 're mighty . 
  [ they recently doubled their military presence in mali to assist us . 
  ] ( http://www.albawaba.com/loop/luxembourg-will-double-its-military-presence-mali-sending-second-soldier-780732 ), 
  agreed , this is a good point . 
  we also have the largest muslim population in europe and the most active country in the so-called `` war on terror '' . 
  statistically we are at the top of the list of potential targets . 
  although as you pointed out , we reached a point where nobody is safe and they refer to europeans as a whole as `` crusaders '' . 
  it would n't surprise me if they start targetting your country , as it is way more stable than france right now . 
  imagine if germany gets hit like us in the next months , merkel will be completely isolated politically and would be force to totally change her policy . 
  the consequences for europe will be greater than after the paris attacks . 
  i really hope it wo n't happen . 
  i see what you mean , and this is true to some extent . 
  the thing is , our foreign policy dramatically changed when chirac left the power to sarkozy . 
  the former was mostly beloved in the arab world , he was even given a street name in ramallah . 
  consequently a lot of arab countries saw france more as an ally , especially after we refused to join the iraq mess . 
  sarkozy destroyed all of this in 5 years . 
  oh i agree on that , and the attitude of some of our intelligence/police officials has been quite ridiculous after the attacks towards belgium . 
  mistakes were made from both side and taking belgium as the scapegoat was unfair . 
  i just do n't get what you mean by `` criticize us ** for acting ** '' . 
   and the french dared to criticize us for acting wat . 
  you genuinely think we are being attacked for the algerian war ? ... 
  i agree with the rest of what you said , although i would argue muslim minorities are segregating and alienating themselves from the rest of society , just like in other countries with a significant muslim minority . 
  i 'll go jump off a cliff then , cheers !, 
   belgium will never split , britain was there at it 's creation and we have sustained and ensured it 's neutrality since before ww1 ; it 's like an illegitimate child to us . 
  i do n't know if / s or not . 
  if not , i would be deeply concerning for the state of british education system . 
  you have sustained shit , belgium was fully occupied in wwi and wwii . 
  not so great for neutrality and i do n't think belgians really think you `` have their back '' . 
  and the treaty of london you refer to is as british as the treaty of paris is french , meaning absolutely none . 
  it was just signed in london between european powers and britain was part of them , that 's it . 
  you 're 100 % american , no european whatever country he might be from would spew stupidities like you did . 
  and i do n't believe for a second you 've `` lived all over the world '' . 
   would you be saying that if you did n't have daddy american waiting on the wings to bail you out ? 
  spoken like a true and totally legit spanish . 
   disposable income already has healthcare taken out . 
  no it does not . 
  did you even read the article you linked ? 
   to calculate an internationally comparable household income measure , gallup asked respondents in most countries the following question : `` what is your total monthly * household income in [ local currency ] , before taxes ? 
  please include income from wages and salaries , remittances from family members living elsewhere , farming , and all other sources . 
  again , please provide your total monthly household income . '', 
  oh yeah i watched this one a little while ago . 
  i was asking specifically about slavery though , i know how insanely violent liberia can be . 
  can you develop a bit ? 
  i knew liberia was quite a fucked up place , but i did n't know that slavery was a thing . 
  a dictatorship yes , but not with a proper slave system like in southern us . 
  and that 's germany alone , consider that france , the uk , spain and italy are all in the top 10 countries that export the most weapons as well . 
  the hypocrisy of our world never ceases to amaze me . 
  what taxes increased for the millionaires ? 
  the only one i can think of is the 75 % tax for incomes above 1 million $ a year . 
  it lasted 2 years and was dropped as promised at the end of 2014 . 
  again , the one who 've seen their taxes increased drastically are people from the middle class , not the millionaires . 
  you have to understand that historically , the richest businessmen in this country like bollor\u00e9 made most of their fortune during the mitterrand era , who was a socialist as well . 
  it 's just the name of the party , not the ideology they follow at all . 
  the bogeyman : `` high taxes are driving rich people out of the country !!! '', 
  has been around since the election of mitterrand in 1981 . 
  the number of millionaires never stopped to increase since then , and so did the gap between poor and rich . 
  i do n't believe for a second that millionaires are massively leaving the country because of taxes . 
   who is surprised ? 
  taxation of rich people is also reason . 
  that 's pure bullshit . 
  from 2013 to 2014 alone , we got 5.000 new millionaires in france . 
  the expectation is to have 370.000 millionaires in 2010 compared to 230.300 in 2014 . 
  the richs are getting richer , stop swallowing the crap english-speaking media say about france . 
  if someone gets taxed too much it 's the middle and lower class , not the millionaires . 
  i ca n't really deny the rest of what you said . 
  funny they would call a white `` negrito '' , i knew the word but i did n't know that it was used regardless of someone 's skin colour . 
  til . 
  `` negro '' literally means `` black '' in spanish ( and portuguese if i 'm not mistaking ) , it 's a bit different for other languages who have another word for it like `` noir '' in french . 
  til then , it 's just that you mentioned most of continental europe , which i thought was a bit a simplification of how different countries perceive that word .
