  but speaking in numbers and not % , slovakia and cz seem to grow somewhat comparably . 
  i 'm not trying to argue , if you know more about the topic , i 'd be happy for clarification . 
  catching up with us in what aspect ? 
  according to [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/refreshtableaction.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;pcode=tec00115&amp;language=en ) in 2015 we had bigger real gdp growth than any cee country and most we countries as well , so your `` not catching up with the west , on the contrary other post-communist countries are catching up with us '' statement is not really true . 
  human index development-wise we had very comparable growth with both poland and slovakia and they are not making any significant progress in catching up with cz so far ( not even mentioning ihdi ) . 
  i do n't know why czechs always have to compare themselves with everybody else and start complaining when anybody is better than us . 
  but point i 'm trying to make is : yes , we are not best in the world , but all of those countries mentioned are already in the top 20 % countries to live in so we should just be grateful and not trying to look up every little thing to be unhappy about . 
  i feel like cz is not affected by this issue as much as other ee countries , in cz people are emigrating in quite lesser numbers than the rest of former eastern bloc countries . 
  in fact all stats i found claim that cz in general has bigger immigration than emigration ( mainly from eastern european countries , i can confirm myself , factory where i work is now 3/4 either slovak/bulgarian/romanian ), 
  we like you too , neighbours . 
  i live in pilsen ( western bohemia about 45 minutes from german borders ) and it 's next to impossible to go to a pub in the city centre and not stumble upon a group of germans , usually very nice people . 
  just out of my curiousity , would croatians generally be open to joining v4 ? 
  a lot of people do that . 
  it 's sort of like `` thanks , obama '' approach when everything 's obamas fault , but transfered into reality . 
  i can recall how old people ( `` everything was better with communists '' type of people ) blamed decrease of bee population on the government . 
  good , good , this dude knows better to talk nice or we 'll bomb boston marathon again . 
  i think i 've seen them here , not sure tho , when i go shopping i usually do n't pay extra attention whether there are solar panels on the roof . 
  you could say it was ... `` moosion impossible '' . 
  ok , i 'll see myself out ... 
  how can you forget socks in the sandals and home packed bread with schnitzels ? 
  indeed , our little central european corner could turn into metal loving , beer drinking superpower . 
  it 's combination of words kef\u00edr and german word f\u00fchrer ( leader , the title adolf hitler used ) written the way it is read in czech . 
  purely white pure and perfect taste . 
  contains only best chosen cultures . 
  significantly increases concentration . 
  it takes only one sip to feel like over-human . 
  ( not sure how to translate this term correctly , it is supposed to mean opposite of sub-human , superior being ) . 
  `` oh you 're from czechoslovakia , that 's in eastern europe , right ? '', 
  insta kill, 
  supreme commander on top , north korea = best korea . 
  thank you , after this i 'm definitely adding you to my must visit list . 
  if you 'll ever get to czech language and need support , feel free to pm me , maybe i 'll be able to help . 
  yes , we have roma people to thank for that . 
   in july 2009 , canada reinstated the requirement for people from the czech republic to have visas before entering canada due to a high number of asylum seekers from the czech republic , mainly roma , who allegedly abused the canadian asylum system . 
  looks amazing , makes me want to visit montenegro . 
  any tips for potential visitors ? 
  czechize would be : `` bitching in a pub about how everything sucks and then do absolutely nothing about it . '', 
  those silly finns , we call it thursday . 
  thank god we have at least australia . 
  this list seem odd altogether , i mean no offence to countries mentioned , but i find hard to believe serbia is ahead of us and i 'm not even mentioning croatia who is apparently even ahead of sweden . 
  beaten even by azerbaijan . 
  can our self-esteem go any lower ? 
  no people around , just the way finns like it . 
  i believe ireland in this map is not represented by english but by irish gaelic . 
  but you talk about it ... what is your game here ? 
  but we will [ remember your name ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uthfnslusww ) . 
  i demand you polish people taking czech language seriously or we will claim your clay for our glorious beer empire . 
  i do wonder how long it 'll take before ( or if ever ) we are generaly considered as west again as it was before cold war came . 
  numbers , mason , what do they mean ? 
  no but jokes aside please you 're on europe page , please join 2016 and use modern units . 
  it 's quite surprising about estonia , but i 'm sure it would n't be the last if this included all of the 2004 + eu members . 
  still i though they were doing better that portugal at least . 
  god dammit switzerland , y u so perfect ? 
  \\ #secondbestslavs czechoslovenia ... pls ... ? 
  not squatting = western spy . 
  dude ... please ... do n't do this ... 
  until you come in and see pizzas with ananas and ketchup spaghetti ... 
  yea sorry i 'm on phone , hard to read properly . 
  i meant denmark . 
  i can assure you people will complain regardless . 
  diunno i 'd go with sweden on this one imho . 
  interesting . 
  not a fan of czechlands but still find it better than czechia . 
  i 'd love bohemia but then moravians would be angry ... it 's difficult . 
  or czechlands . 
  still he made valid point that the reason cz still does n't have euro is because noone is making any major effort to set a plan for implementing it . 
  there has been some parties trying to make it happen but so far nothing definite , not mentioning majority of population does n't want it either . 
  well , you 're both right . 
  what 's up with lithuania compared to rest of balts ? 
  they should have , this is a man with zero tolerance for [ bullshit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lriqgu2rrk ) . 
  exactly , same with me , i think it 's reminder that there still are people like this among us , and other people such as myself find it ridiculous to even think about something like that and trying to tell them that , there is ton of catalogues with black people in it here and nobody said a word . 
  tl ; dr i share opinion on this with you and find this ridiculous too , but once in a while loud minority makes itself heard . 
  it was taken from facebook discussion under the status from article , most upvoted comment by some woman :  i will use one of the comments i saw which perfectly fits here : `` why is there a black man in a sporting suit ? 
  because he does n't weight 120kg , does n't have stomach resembling a car tyre ( pneumatika ) and mainly he can fit in the sporting suit/model unlike our countrymen , who prefer to be disappointed that lidl did n't have a gothaj ( salami , to eat for instance on a bread ) on sale . '', 
  if you you do n't like the fact that there are people of different colours living on this planet , then i suggest you and people like you to move to another planet . 
  i 'm on my phone so sorry for possible mistakes , tried to make the translation as comprehensible as possible . 
  jast took a look at the discussion thread there and to me it looks like normal people are in majority there , had a few laughs in the end to be honest . 
  i have hard time imagining normal person under 40 who would stop their head over this . 
  again loud minority makes whole country look like backwards idiots . 
  just some things i can think of now at 03:48 in the night : we seem to share the same sense of humour , a lot of britcoms are very popular here and that goes even for those older ones ( such as yes , minister or red dwarf ) . 
  also that ( never been to uk , now speaking out of impressions i got from various sources ) the emotionless and , dare i say , `` pessimist '' approach to life is a part of our national identity by now it seems . 
  yea it 's called `` houskov\u00e9 knedl\u00edky '' ca n't help you with sauce though there is hundreds of different ones and a lot of them are delicious . 
  british in work , american/british mix in informal situations ( always try british but sometimes american is easier ) , indian when talking over phone . 
  `` 1939 worst year of my life '', 
  except proud budweiser . 
  can confirm , out of all people i know only two went to live abroad and both came back after few years . 
  to be honest , compared to other post communist countries we talk about we come off quite good . 
  username checks out . 
  unfortunately ca n't afford a child . . invested in eastern poland . 
  nice to see my investment to eastern poland was totally worth it . 
  holy roman empire the best empire . 
  just few dozens more and we outnumber kelly family !, 
  i love kofola , cold one out of the tap is divine mana . 
  yea it was made as a substitute for coke but that 's the case for infinite amount of coke knock offs around the world . 
  ashamed ? 
  what ? 
  well kofola is czech invention , it just happened while there still was czechoslovakia . 
   they 're famous for their `` pilsner urquell '' beer . 
  i know this is joking around but still had to collect all my inner strength to not get triggered . 
  well , time to watch breaking bad ... again ...
