yea , with you in the middle we could be like slavic/germanic oreo . 
   to sweden and czech : i honestly have no idea i assume people are dumb . 
  i believe eu and eurozone got confused , it would work for everything ( unless i did n't notice something ) except uk . 
   eastern european cold war , my friend , cold war ... 
   how slovakia could become the `` new detroit '' love it !, 
  and so lucky streak of portugal being always either `` so poor '' or `` not part of spain '' continues ... 
  too much freedom . 
  do n't you mean poortugal ? 
   is in eu ouch ... 
  damn those hillbillies and their patriotism . 
  i was there in december on business trip , it was great , but cold af . 
  so this `` czechia '' thing is here to stay , huh ? 
  as someone born and living in pilsen i 'm obligated to give you a two thumbs up . 
  we are apparently only one who do n't care , rest of europe seems to be really into it . 
  probably not eastern europe , but he did n't say ee , but `` people from behind the iron curtain '' which we are . 
  cz is getting just enough migrants to keep population growing ( very slowly , but growing ) . 
  if you 'd consider only czech birth/death ratio cz would be negative . 
  at least you wo n't have to [ move far ] ( http://www.elblogdeyes.com/wp-content/uploads/its-something.jpg ), 
  we all know your [ most famous piece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ), 
  then all of a [ sudden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odcxot-jdyo ) . 
  yep . 
  poland can not into central europe ... 
  slovenia is like [ linda ] ( https://www.funker530.com/wp-content/uploads/lindas-war.jpg ) of countries . 
  awwwww , we beat you in beer consumption , tho . 
  it 's funny because i always felt we share fondness for the same type of dry , dark humour . 
  this is proven even by fact that many british tv shows are extremely popular here . 
  shows such as red dwarf is enormous cult here ( which is even more impressive given fact it 's from 90 's ) and you hardly find anybody who does n't know it and generally love it . 
  but ... but ... we the best ... 
  we love you denmark !, 
  i do n't know why , but denmark was always one of my favourite countries in the world . 
   unfortunately i find no surveys on the internet for austria but i guess you guys would also be ranked higher than the germans because they are relatively unpopular here . 
  really ? 
  that 's quite surprising , i always thought that most austrians would still look down at czechs as slavic eastern europe . 
  i understand values to be part of national culture , and i feel that nearly millenium of living in one country with germans and/or austrians had bigger cultural impact than 40 years of soviet influence , which however , yes , is more recent . 
  regarding economics , it 's not as easy to divide europe to east ( poor ) / west ( rich ) anymore . 
  yes , in general we is wealthier than ee , but on both sides there are countries who are breaching this barrier ( to quote wiki : * `` the difference in wealth across europe can be seen roughly in former cold war divide , with some countries breaching the divide ( greece , portugal , slovenia and the czech republic ) '' * ) . 
  you might consider cz economically eastern for now , but it wo n't take long before things shuffle up and start to be more complicated . 
  conclusion is imho that cz should be called central europe as it 's not on the same level as average we nor average ee , it 's somewhere in between in every considerable aspect . 
  * rest of the year, 
  i 'm not butthurt , sorry if it sounded like that , i was just saying that people here usually do n't like to be labeled as eastern europe , because of ee stereotypes ( that it 's all poor and underdeveloped ) and it 's not even accurate . 
  regarding geographic location , half of cz is more west than poland and the other half is on level of western poland . 
  geographicaly poland is more east than cz . 
  calling cz eastern europe ? 
  do you want internet fight ? 
  because that 's how you get internet fight . 
  just sayin ' ... 
  do n't you mean ... hitlerious ? 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  makes me ashamed to be czech , once again i 'm proved that football fans are worse than animals ( my apologies for this creature to all decent football fans and italians ) . 
  we already have bigger immigration than emigration , our population growth at this point is basically driven by immigration because if we 'd be considering solely czech birth/death ratio we 'd be negative 22,000 . 
  yes , in the ideal world , but in real life ( speaking of my experience , of course i 'm not saying it 's truth , i might be wrong ) i think that when kids are from normal functional families , they do n't feel the need to bully someone . 
  the bullies are from families that are not working and when that 's the case i do n't think parents would pay extra much attention if their kids are bullying someone . 
  this is just my opinion and the only reason i might be hesitant with same sex couples adoption . 
  i did n't make any comparision . 
  i said both days are bad . 
  and if you think the day some idiot who obviously has no respect for women and people of minorities gets elected as one of the most powerful people in the world is fine then there 's something wrong with you . 
  calling mexicans rapist and objectifying women classified as `` couple mean things '' ... jesus fucking christ ... 
  funny how 9/11 is now tragic even in european date writing system . 
  hey uk did you hear ? 
  you 're in luck . 
  brexit is only second stupidest people 's choice this year . 
  how can belgium be important when it does n't exist ? 
  maybe making but hungarians take `` most pornstars '' award . 
  we love you , nebraska . 
  why are n't we present , we drink the most beer dammit . 
  which is that ? 
  all flags look great . 
  looks like it , not anymore though . 
   why belgium exists ? 
  well , now that cat 's out of the bag , belgium , why do you exist ? 
  i was in amsterdam few weeks back with friends and we rented a bikes to drive around a city . 
  the helmets thing did n't occure to me until i 've sat on the bike but when it did , for me as a non-dutch it felt just ... unsafe . 
  also here in cz almost every bike you see is mountain bike but among hundreds of bikes in amaterdam i saw only two of those and yea i saw only one person wearing helmet . 
  well , we had to find different country to tease now , since portugal has had enough from these maps in the past ( so poor , not part of the spain , ... ) and we were getting worried they might get depressed . 
  do n't worry portugal we like you . 
   the czech but i ca n't , this is unacceptable . 
  r/yurop would be so happy . 
  i know , it was supposed to be just lame pun . 
  what do you say when you open this with hopes of one of your cities being there and then you do n't see one ? 
  phuket ... 
  i 'll see myself out ... 
  oh , you were talking about people candidating , i thought you talked about public opinion , sorry , my bad . 
  still that is fucking sad that some people apparently think kids 'd be happier in childs home rather than with two parrents , no matter their sex ... goes over my head . 
   all are against adoption by homosexuals ( but one is for allowing them foster parenting ) . 
  could you please provide source for this one ? 
  i can honestly say that all polls i found were quite even on this topic . 
  the hell romania ? 
  i thought we were friends ... * cries in the corner *, 
   concern about living conditions of family -- the most spectacular czechs hear ya , czechs do n't care ... 
  and here i was hoping that reporting about famous-for-nothing non-european people would stay in the us . 
  we have a lot of our own . 
  you just got ta win the eurovision and bam !, 
  wheels are in motion . 
  see you there , we got you a cosy place next to poland . 
  this is genuinely heartwarming . 
  greetings from czech republic , also do n't worry , our mexican friends , if trump wo n't want you we will adopt you . 
   a met spokesperson said : `` at this early stage , there is no evidence to suggest that this was a racially motivated attack . '' nobody said a word about this attack being due to racism , from the article it looks like it was n't . 
  by creating someone elses roma integration problem . 
  i thought [ zanger rinus ] ( https://youtu.be/rxijcfvds0e ) is most successful . 
  jokes aside i 'd think that within temptation would be successful as well .
