  all i see is ukraine ... except in data , no ukraine there . 
  we good too . 
  edit : staying tuned for polish redditor to see if they are cool too . 
  i do n't live in prague specifically but i find hard to believe somebody would care about holding hands . 
  in cz there is strong `` if it does n't limit me or someone else i do n't care '' general public attitude . 
  if polan can not into space , space can into polan . 
  let 's be honest these polls ca n't be objective . 
  germans will vote for germany , czechs for cz and pope for vatican . 
  most objective poll would be if you could n't vote for your country , this way germans will win because theres most of them . 
  considering his wife was czech i sincerely hope he remembers . 
  hello , fellow bohemian , kofola or cola ? 
  why are you trying to take away our 15 minutes of fame ... y u do dis ? 
  definitely poles . 
  in czech w is one of the least used letters and cz are never next to each other , while it looks like poles have it in every name . 
   wtf is wrong with trump ?!, 
  is that serious question ? 
  oh boy , where to begin ... 
  nice, 
  flair description checks ... 
  i 'd say czechs but i 'm legaly obligated to all czech puns . 
   has a weird president ... 
  it 's amazing in how many ways he is like trump . 
  man-child revered by rural people for god knows what reason who unfortunately managed to get him where he is . 
  at least 10 hour version makes hitting replay button bearable . 
  i was wondering if there are any widespread stereotypes about your country that make you angry and immediately make you explain how they 're not true ? 
  `` m\u011b poser na hol\u00fd z\u00e1da '' - shit on my bare back - when you ca n't believe something, 
  paul is dead , dude , new one is impersonator . 
  we also went to brewery as elementary school trip . 
  but i 'm from pilsen so it 's understandable , this is bigger than all of us . 
  `` op was never heard of again '', 
  are there any other czech men ? 
  to be honest i can know name only from their door and i 'm passing those only when i 'm coming home and do n't care because i 'm glad i finally home or when i go out in which case i do n't care because i 'm annoyed i have to go out . 
  i 'm not a robot , man ... 
  i also love `` sr\u00e1t magi v kostce '' . 
  hmm , you seem to get lost in this pocket edition of czech insults , probably not going to go deeper ... 
  got ta say i have no clue because it was exactly the same with me . 
  maybe the clay animal in the end attacked after all . 
  wilcome to ze hydroolic pres chennel . 
  no dude ... people usually do have money when they order pizza . 
  that shit is triggering me and i 'm not even italian . 
  everybody knows that england is capital of france . 
  it is known for it 's famous red square and pyramids which can be seen from pizza hut . 
  german bread is great . 
  dunno personaly i shower everyday with the exception of days when i do n't sweat or get dirty in any way so usually it 'll average at about 5 times a week . 
   http://deviantsock.deviantart.com/art/zapadoslav-republic-686132356 the flag there ... 
  i like that shit ... 
  `` when i said i wanted to be a stand up comedian they all laughed at me . 
  nobody 's laughing now . '', 
   what else [ this maybe ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dp9wp6qvbsk ), 
  it 's between 7-8 where i work but some people come at 9 too , personally i prefer to come early and go home early , if i leave later than 15 i feel like i wasted the day . 
  so glorious ... so majestic ... 
  because apparently it would n't be easier since they have troubles understanding it . 
  that `` for me there is nothing as `` incomprehensibly fast slovak '' '' does n't mean it 's same for everybody , czechs do n't come in contact with slovak pretty much ever unless it 's from slovak who moved here . 
  and the argument `` chances are he still does not get everything right '' is seriously stupid , does that mean nobody should bother learning language , because they might make mistakes in it ? 
  so government decided to put money into hope that some divine force will fix their health-care and education instead of putting money there directly ? 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's funny how familiar this sounds . 
  well we used to be one country after all ... ^ ^ yes it 's a joke please do n't kill me, 
  like it here too . 
  going to see korpiklaani and tarja ( unfortunately solo as it 's been for a while ) in 2 weeks on a festival in my city . 
  ca n't wait , finland has amazing metal . 
  honestly , did n't even know it was on until i came to reddit an hour ago at 4 am ... should probably go to bed too ... 
  yea , i just wish they had awesome advertisements like they do in the [ us ] ( https://youtu.be/fj3ohpup-pk ) . 
   poland is poland i love how self-explanatory this is . 
   and as always , it 's preferred over bohemia . 
  i 'm so triggered . 
  i was n't trying to start another debate on this topic of `` what is eastern/central europe '' . 
  what it is is up for everybody to decide as there are countless of different ways to separate europe . 
  i was just implying that people in cz do n't like to be called eastern europeans and the czechoslovakia dies n't need explanation i think . 
  also do n't forget to mention how czechoslovakia is your favourite eastern european country . 
  we decided we of nordic now . 
  love black books and it crowd and vicious and yes , minister and red dwarf and all of these comedies . 
  uk i 'll give it to you , if there are 2 things you 're best at it 's heavy metal and comedy . 
  that comment probably sounded worse that it would be . 
  he is right , people do n't care about someones sexuality until it 's shoved down their throat . 
  czech language really is hard but it can be learned with a lot of practice . 
  generaly i think if you 'd try to assimilate with culture and live in one of bigger cities , cz would be viable option . 
  still , if you are in a process of choosing the country , i 'd look rather for netherlands or said france . 
  as i said cz would be ok , but both fr and nl have higher living standards and relatively easier languages so i think it 'd be better bet . 
  gl anyway, 
  good to hear you 're over that toblerone scandal too . 
   born a penguin one can dream ... 
  the thing about arsenal is , they always try and walk it in !, 
  to be honest ... 
  i 'm always too distracted by his hair to actually think anything ... like seriously ... 
  i just wan na pat it . 
  what if we get invaded by other countries because we brew insane amounts of beer ? 
   we build huge walls to keep it out . 
  oh man , they are gon na love you over there . 
  i have to admit , i knew very well what the link was going to even before i opened it . 
  damn that was painful to watch . 
   * tramvaj * is a transcription of `` tramway '' . 
  i got ta be a retard for missing that , seems so obvious all of a sudden . 
  i would n't do it , i like it the way it is . 
  imho there 's no real reason for it too because i personaly ca n't see benefits of it . 
  we have freedom of movement regardless , but both countries can govern themselves independently . 
  a lot of slovaks are living in cz just as it was before so no change would happen there either . 
  tl ; dr : would n't do it , because it probably would n't bring any major difference . 
  but that 's just me . 
  non-alcoholoc beer , got ta start off easy .
