  yea i share this view with you but in the end if it provides comfort for some people and they are not shoving it anybody 's throat i have no issue with that , everyone to it 's own . 
  the benefits are the same as they were since the beginning . 
  the thought that your life here is not all there is and that if your life sucks here you have heaven to look forward to . 
  that 's why every religion in the world has their own version of afterlife ( let it be heaven , paradise , elysium , valhalla , ... ) . 
  that being said i 'm agnostic/atheist , just wanted to say where this comes from . 
  never knew until now , but now hearing this goes onto my bucket list . 
  interestingly a lot of austrian foods already feel like at home here . 
  strudel or schnitzel from oma is the best thing ever . 
  austrian , bavarian and bohemian cuisines are very closely related and shared as is our love for beer , wursts and kn\u00f6dels . 
  interestingly i 've read that this legend is said in all three countries ( cz , poland and russia ) and in each of those countries the legend differs in the fact of who was the `` dominant '' one . 
  in polish it is lech , in russia it is rus and here it is \u010cech . 
  solid advice right there . 
  it 's interesting tha from everything you choose stealing . 
  i 'd personally go for +1 sec casting speed ( for unnecessary complaining ) +1 to all skills that have beer/brew in it immune to all holy divine damage, 
  this is hilarious , if you did that best country index chart in cz , you 'd get exactly opposite result . 
  to be honest we seem to be one of the most atheistic countries . 
  this bitching about immigrants comes mainly from people living in areas where there is little to no number of immigrants ( just as it was with brexit , immigration being one of the headliners of leave campaign , most of the leavers were from the areas with relatively low immigration ) who are just using religion as an excuse to complain about immigrants because ... 
  i have no clue why , actually . 
  well , till 1918 it was definitely austria , basically the same but with different language . 
  from 1993 on it feels that , even though still probably culturaly very similiar countries are slowly drifting apart and evolving on their own . 
   is n't germany `` the promissed land '' especialy for `` eastern europe '' why do n't you answer to yourself ? 
  you 're just as much eastern europe as we are . 
  only with glorious slavic language . 
  for cz it would be israel it seems . 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_republic\u2013israel_relations )  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu during his visit in prague said `` israel has no better friend in europe than the czech republic '' . 
   in 2015 , ex minister of foreign affairs of israel moshe arens said czech-israel relations are excellent and best of all nations of the european union . 
  you have different experience ? 
  unfortunately no counterfeit jackets in everyday life . 
  there are no adidas tracksuits on the streets , no vodka drinking in the parks and noone is squatting on the bridges . 
  if you do n't count jogging people , i 've seen maybe 2 , 3 tops in whole 24 years of my life . 
   religion is just justification to invade some heathen territory . 
  world history summed up in 9 words . 
  i 'd prefer germans and austrians , empire that runs solely on beer . 
   this does not include white socks with sandals , czechs dammit , what am i supposed to do now ? 
  take out food i 'd also add kebab or gyros . 
   ctrl + f `` your country ''  0 results  feel sad, 
  wha ... you kiss your mother with that mouth , young man ? 
   `` every josef and marie have to let everyone know their opinion on the whole thing '' made me laugh . 
  like fucking seriously i had to satisfy my inner masochist and went onto novinky.cz , there was article about how finns plan to abolish subjects in the schools ( not sure about the details , did n't read it all ) and surprise , surprise , commenteurs were absolutely certain how stupid that is . 
  i mean , finland is nation with one of the best education systems in the world , but i 'm sure some fucking franta lojza from horn\u00ed doln\u00ed who has been a plumber whole his life knows better . 
  we stronker , of many relevance and can into space for starters . 
  expired ... dammit . 
  i do n't live in prague , but few things to keep in mind i can advise you on is : keep an eye on your bags , there 's a lot of pickpocketers as the city is constantly crowded by tourists and also remember that 1 $ = 27 czk ( czech crowns ) , i 've seen a video few weeks back about a exchange point that were exchanging at 1 $ / 15czk rate so almost half , do n't get screwed by them . 
  that would be only bad things i can think of , other than that tipping in restaurants and bars/pubs is optional , usually people just round up ( for instance 291 round up to 300 ) but you do n't have to if you feel service was not adequate . 
  definitely try czech beer while you 're here and enjoy your trip mate . 
  thank you i also accept digital high-fives . 
  what i find absolutely retarded is mm/dd/yyyy format of date writing . 
  it 's like `` we have to be different and fuck common sense and logic '' . 
  imperial system is annoying too , please just join us in 2016 already . 
  other things ( creationism in some schools , obssesion with fire arms ... 
  etc. ), 
  i find just confusing . 
  but overall i like you , lads . 
  edit : i could also say this years election but thats it 's own category . 
  `` soooo ... you guys had anything interesting to eat tonight ? '', 
  `` not really , just rajsk\u00e1 like every friday . '', 
  `` right , friday . 
  that 's the best day of the week , is n't it ? '', 
  `` yeah , totally . '', 
  `` yeah , totally . '', 
  you greet each other in turkish ? 
  that 's nice . 
  by law you are required to have 20 days off , but a lot of companies offer 25 among other benefits to lure people , because there 's not enough work force to fill in for demand . 
  + othe public holidays free days make up to 30 + - . 
  would n't be czechs without complaining all the time but still not actually doing anything to change it . 
   busses arrive either on time , 5 minutes too late or not at all . 
  i have to say i laughed at `` not at all '' part and how it appears to seem normal to you . 
  anyway in cz public transportation is very good , if you live in the city you can get by without needing a car 95 % of the time . 
  funny thing is that when you hear complains about public transport it 's mostly by locals who never seen pt in other countries , but whenever someone from foreign country moves here they usually have nothing but a praise for cz public transportation . 
  i was traveling with my friends from prague to amsterdam with flixbus . 
  on our way there we did n't stop at all . 
  on our way back we stopped on nl/de border . 
  we showed them id and some ... tunisian looking dude had to show them his bagpack . 
  they did n't manage to wake up two brazilian girls that were sleeping drunk out of their skulls so they left them be . 
  i know you were talking about cz/au border , just sharing my experience as this was with flixbus as well . 
  same here , dudy is word for bagpipes , but slang for boobs . 
  duda means boob in czech ( as in two boobs - dudy , one boob - duda ), 
  slavs just jealous because they can not into our glorious language . 
  it 's `` jdeme , jdeme , jdeme . '', 
   i 'm curious , i have n't watched sg , is this original audio ? 
  did they let him talk like this in czech without subtitles ? 
  i 'm curious about your measurements of how language gets important . 
  i can understand english , german and french , they are important ( even official languages ) in a lot of european organisations , but spanish is not nearly as important on european level as it is on world level . 
  and italian even less so . 
  in europe spanish and italian are spoken in only one country while with for instance russian you 'd get by in some other countries as well . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love all these languages and agree with your list mostly , i 'd just switch italian for russian in importance aspect . 
  is there a slavic language that does n't think we sound child-like ? 
  we are very manly , dammit . 
  heh , enjoy your night out man , have a drink on me . 
  not specificaly from my country but i just love it : `` here 's to the nights we will never remember with friends we will never forget . '', 
  same . 
  i know reddit for quite some time , but first time i saw it it stroke me as confusing . 
  but after a while i gave it a chance and i love it , you just have to find subreddits you find interesting . 
  what i 'll probably never get into though is 4chan . 
  i just do n't know what to make of it . 
  i 've heard couple times girls call their bfs as mladej . 
  overall in general madej/mlad \u00e1 is used when people are just dating and starej/star \u00e1 for when two are married . 
  i do n't like beer either and i feel like an anomaly . 
  i do n't like beer . 
  and i am from pilsen .
