  honest to god i 'm more scared of tell that to anyone than i 'd be telling that i am a terrorist ( totally hypothetically of course ... 
  only one ? 
  then beer it is . 
  ( next in the line would be : more beer , atheism and complaining about everything ), 
  did n't know about that , thanks for the link , one is smarter every day . 
  `` debility ''  is that even english word ? 
  i know debil\u00e9 is insult in french as well , not sure about english . 
  well , here the classic response is : `` you just do n't understand it . 
  it 's art . '', 
  i 'd say enormous . 
  there is very visible divide between people who were living during communism and those who were n't . 
  younger people are generaly very liberal and open-minded in pretty much every way possible while some older generations ( and even more in the countryside ) tend to be more conservative . 
  this is just my impression from living in czs relatively big city . 
  someone might have different opinion however this is mine . 
  yea blackadder too , these were just few examples from top of my mind , rowan atkinson is brilliant in both blackadder and mr. bean . 
  language : czech moon : europa continent : evropa, 
  a lot of british comedies are popular here because it seems brits and czechs share the fondness for the same kind of dry humour . 
  i personaly generaly prefer your tv to us one , some of my all time favourites comedies such as yes minister/prime minister , black books , it crowd , vicious , red dwarf are way better than any us comedy i ever saw . 
  got ta hand it to you , if there are two things you are really good at , it 's comedy and heavy metal . 
  not speaking for me but in uk obviously jim hacker comes to mind . 
  just throw them out of the door , you can scrub them away from the mountain side few days later . 
  problem solved . 
  seriously though , i do n't even want to know if some czechs actually do that , makes me embarassed . 
  just throw those parasites out . 
   the czech are just czech . 
  such a fine taste in beer needs its own place you honour us , sir . 
  well obviously we have n't all died in the mountains in your countries ... some died in our own mountains as well . 
  first i read `` signed '' bible and i thought : `` damn this dude 's got bible signed by jesus , that 's pretty cool . '', 
  nope and never seen anyone who had . 
  defenestrator !, 
  sounds pretty good actually . 
  i 'm czech and i do n't understand polish speaking at a normal pace and in my experience this goes both ways . 
  when speaking slowly , it 's better , but even then i had troubles understanding it to the point i switched to english instead . 
  czechs hardly move at all . 
  at least compared to other post-socialist countries . 
  i know only two people living abroad , one of which already came back . 
  i 'll add my personal observation now as it 's somewhat related to the topic : i 've been noticing quite growth of foreigners in cz ( specifically my home city of pilsen ) lately . 
  there were times where all you met were slovaks and vietnamese . 
  now there 's a large number of bulgarians and romanians working here , aside of ukrainians and small numbers of polish and hungarian people depending on specific areas of cz . 
   ussr imposing the communist regime on us is one of the main reasons we still significantly lag behind the western europe ( from the economic point of view ) i reckon it is the reason . 
  before wwii we were one of the wealthiest nations in the world , ahead of such countries as ireland , finland , italy , on a par with austria , etc. 
  sure there were coutries doing better economically but the gap was insignificant compared to now . 
  wwii later did n't have `` such '' ( please take this with as much reserve as possible ) destructive impact on us as it had on poland for instance . 
  we could have eventually get back where we were before that , but ussr with their forced regime and `` friendly help to an ally '' occupations made sure we did n't . 
  stalin might have executed just as many people as hitler ( even tho i think he wins in that one too ) , but is responsible for more deaths overall . 
  he is considered second worst `` killer '' only behind mao zedong . 
  even tho if we count in % of world population then biggest killer would be probably genghis khan ( not european , just thought to mention him might not be completely off-topic ) . 
  edit : god dammit , grammar . 
  kafka is really a special case . 
  i feel the need to correct people if they say he was austrian , i feel the need to correct people if they say he was czech ( / bohemian ) . 
  he had citizenship of both austria-hungary and later czechoslovakia , according to wiki , while on the other hand he spoke german ... this dude is just impossible to place . 
  i like to think of him as an author of which can be proud both austria and bohemia . 
  you could get it in supermarkets , but it 's not common , other items ( nutella , marmelade , jam , etc. ), 
  are widely more popular . 
  moravian tears are our bohemian morning tea . 
  thanks for having our backs , bro . 
  - dude from pilsen . 
  we 're still standing in expectations for first brave adventurer to conquer this perilous journey . 
  none came back to date . 
  kofola is czech , tho . 
  i swear to god this constant complaining by some people is thing i hate the most about cz . 
  despite it 's flaws ( which every country has ) i generally really like my country . 
  yea pilsner is a brewing style , i just included it for the sake of generality since we were talking about beer . 
  budweiser ( budweis - bud\u011bjovice ) and pilsner ( pilsen - plze\u0148 , my city woohoo ) are both named after czech cities . 
  western civilisation = / = only western europe ( now putting anglosphere aside for a moment ) . 
  there are countries which belonged to western civilisation for centuries and now might not be seen as western because they ended up behind iron curtain ( i 'm now specificaly talking about most countries that joined eu in 2004 ) . 
  to question where is eastern europe you get different answer every time but most of the time people say it starts with country east of their own . 
  so for me `` the west is : eu and anglosphere ( usa , canada , australia , new zealand ) . 
  edit : i forgot to post link i intended so now here it is . 
  i think [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/archive/d/d5/20091010231513!clash_of_civilizations_map2.png ) is probably most accurate map , from samuel huntington 's clash of civilizations . 
  i see , i suppose when somebody says baltic in my mind it is primarily geographical term , rather than ethnical . 
  my bad . 
  well , i always thought that baltic countries are the ones next to baltic sea : lithuania , latvia and estonia . 
  i was going to write the same thing in the comment but then it felt kinda long . 
  indeed first and second generations were amazing and i 'll watch them again someday but third one i do n't think so . 
  it 's not that it was bad , it just ... 
  i do n't know , it did n't get to me as much as those firts two . 
  also as you said too soundtrack was [ brilliant ] ( https://youtu.be/b9dsygd5elk ) . 
  does n't seem that surprising to me . 
  we were in one country with austrians or germans for good part of a millenium compared to 68 years of czechoslovakia . 
  it might seem odd to some simply because it 's more recent . 
  as with others , depends on a job . 
  my schedule for instance and schedule of all people where i work is flexible too . 
  you can come any time if you let boss know , but normally people come between 7:00 - 8:30 and go home after 8 hours with paid 30 minutes break . 
  i myself prefer to come at 7:00 because then you can leave at 15:00 and have pretty much whole afternoon for whatever you want/need to do . 
  if you work some extra hours a day those hours go to your `` account '' and you can use them to go early some other day , you just need to make sure you have all work hours done by the end of every month otherwise , you wo n't get as much quality bonus ( additional money to your salary ) . 
  but then again it differs from job to job and employer to employer . 
  ending of episode 7 is still in my living memory even though it 's years since i saw it first . 
  i can count on a fingers of one hand how many times i 've been shocked by a tv show as much as i was from freddie x that doctor encounter . 
  i 'm surprised nobody mentioned skins yet . 
  as much as i usually do n't like this `` for teens '' genre , i have to say skins is one of my all time favourites . 
  it has 7 seasons , and every 2 seasons you get brand new cast . 
  there are 3 of those so called `` generations '' ( season 1-2 , 3-4 , and 5-6 ) and season 7 is concluding and features 6 episodes with 3 title characters each having 2 episodes focused on them . 
  if you want something from this genre this is definitely worth a shot . 
  it 's both comedy and deama so there 's everything in it . 
  yup . 
  i 'm curious , was krtek broadcasted in nl as well ? 
  i knew it was popular in countries of soviet influence sphere beside cz where is it from and it aired in germany too , but i thought that 's about it . 
  `` vybafnout '' - to jump on somebody out of hiding with laud noise and scare the shit out of someone . 
  the joke is funny and sad at the same time because this really is applicable to a lot of people .
