  the czech population is very uninformed in regards to politics . 
  it is very rare to find somebody you can argue about politics here and they mostly repeat whatever the scummy nova et altri will say . 
  the fact that they voted someone power hungry like zeman ( who is hell bent in making his role not be just cerimonial and is an intolerant hateful man ) and that they voted so much the shady ano party is proof enough . 
  that bigot is [ not yet dead ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v\u00e1clav_klaus ) . 
  yeah , the czech national bank devaluation of the currency by about 11 % to favor some supposed exports is such a great measure ... 
  the responsible people for the czech economy are not doing a much better job than de eu central bank is doing for southern europe . 
  i do n't see slovaks being crippled by the euro at all . 
  while i personally think that giving up your currency and taking another one over which you have no direct control is crippling your resources in case of crisis , the fact is that czech republic is [ not much of a producing/exporting country ] ( http://fita.org/countries/czech.html ) and this games with currency are not very effective as they only tend to make it more expensive to purchase imported goods for the normal population while increasing the sales of the big industry ( which is not often 100 % czech owned ) . 
  i do n't think the current policy is going to have a good effect in the purchasing power of czechs . 
   mass immigration from rural and undeveloped lands towards industrial centers has happened in spain , in france , in the uk , in germany and practically in every single country ever since the industrial revolution . 
  there were andalusians and galicians packing their bags and moving to madrid and barcelona since the 1800s , and even moroccans.but none of them were mass migration though . 
   way before franco , the second republic and primo de rivera . 
  with the fascist regimes it was though . 
  so completely different things . 
  one is normal good and enriching , the other one is problematic if not planned properly so that the new inhabitants are properly mixed and blended with the current one . 
  otherwise integration is more troublesome for the settling population . 
   not long ago i met a nostalgic francoist who told me , quite seriously , that the moroccans were planning to conquer spain by letting thousands of them cross the borders and , eventually , use that growing demographics to annex ceuta , melilla and a nice chunk of andalusia . 
  they were killing the spanish culture , he said !, 
  now try to imagine how your argument about spain sending poor workers to `` conquer '' catalonia sounds to me . 
  catalonia is a welcoming and integrating land . 
  a significant amount of the people that sustain the catalan culture and would vote for independence are these immigrants . 
  so that was never a real worry in catalonia . 
  there is no greatest satisfaction than to see a foreigner learn your language and take part in the culture voluntarily , that is the success of migration , to take the new culture and to keep your own . 
   oh boy , godwin 's law so early ? 
  nice discussion , though . 
  i would n't say it was that early , but in any case it is a similar case . 
  the difference is that sudetenland was about 85 % ethnically german ( but of czech ) and catalonia never had particular ethnics and was never culturally spanish ( as spain as a state , unlike switzerland , never embraced its multiple nations as source of nationality ) . 
  it is very sad to see indeed that spain as a nation ca n't be grown up like czech and slovakia were when splitting or like uk and scotland are by agreeing to a referendum . 
  it is not ;-) it meant to refer to the point in thr past when it got to be the most powerful . 
   workers looking for a job being exploited at the factories because ... what ? 
  did they want to destroy the catalonian/basque identities by drowning  them with poor workers who only wanted a chance to a better life ? 
  in the industrial revolution workers were exploited in general . 
  i am no saying the closeness to europe was not an original factor , but to pretend that the dictatorship did n't see with good eyes to do , as your current culture minister says , `` espa\u00f1olizar '' with the help of demographics and laws against the language is delusional and historical revisionism . 
   it 's a good thing you insist this does n't sound xenophobic , otherwise i 'd be mistaken . 
  and you are . 
  we never had problems accepting immigration . 
  in fact , in catalonia i rarely heard anybody complain about the newest immigration from the magreb ( and when i did it was mainly from people whose family immigrated during the dictatorship ) . 
  i particularly found funny hearing them going on about immigrants not integrating when some of them would rarely ever speak catalan . 
   do many people in catalonia accept that argument ? 
  because that worries me now . 
   and that 's the problem , my friend . 
  until very recently most spaniards assumed catalonia was also their home . 
  you wo n't believe me , but many are sad that is n't the case anymore . 
  it was also sad for the germans that considered sudetenland to also be their home . 
  `` you wo n't believe me , but many are sad that is n't the case anymore . '', 
  well , it is up to them to know their history : [ portuguese restoration war \\ ( 1640 -- 1668 \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_restoration_war ) `` although portugal had substantially attained its independence in 1640 , the spanish continued to try to reassert their control for the next twenty-eight years , only accepting portuguese independence in 1668 . '', 
   because ethnic intermingling is a horrible , horrible thing and those evil castilians want to purge the genetic purity of the superior catalonian race . 
  catalonia does n't have any specif genetics nor ethnics . 
  nor does any other latin descendants compared to others . 
  the fact that you mention this shows a very small level of understanding of the issues at play . 
  but i guess trying to play the race card to paint catalans as xenophobic is more important here ...  galicians , andalusians and other people from the poorer regions of spain went to catalonia for the same reason we spaniards go to germany today : to find a better future . 
  you do n't say ?!, 
  it 's not like almost half of catalonia is n't directly descendant of migrations that you 'd have to explain that ... that does n't change the fact that if the resources of spain would have been spent in a wiser and more distributed way the people would not have had to emigrate `` en masse '' . 
  i do n't know you , but i never heard of any people that would not rather have their country improved than to emigrate ... 
  massive migrations are usually bad for everybody as they tend to end up in ghettos and to negatively impact integration ( specially when efforts of integration are being fought by a central government ) . 
   the fact that i have to explain this scares me a little bit , to be honest . 
  the fact that you think you have something to explain when you only want to spread propaganda about a supposedly `` nazionalist catalonia '' is what is troubling here . 
  specially when unknowingly you tell this to people descendant of this migrations ... 
  yes , and i suppose that the fact that fixing the industrialization issues of spain had the side-effect of favoring castilian immigration to non castilian zones ( navarre , euskalherria and catalonia ) was completely accidental an unintended ( specially during the dictatorship ) . 
  so you are saying that there were no campaigns to suppress the other nationalities of spain ? 
  the fact that https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nueva_planta_decrees ( look at the lower right side `` french decree banning the catalan language '' ) and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francoist_spain#nationalism were less effective than https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vergonha only shows lack of success , not lack of intent . 
  about the `` nobles against nobles '' post below . 
  historically inaccurate in several fronts . 
  first , there was occupying and conquering as depicted in this spanish map of 1850s http://mapsontheweb.zoom-maps.com/image/73608746120 second , 1492 the merger or 1492 was not making a single entity from the kingdoms , that happened with https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nueva_planta_decrees . 
  citing from there : `` the decrees effectively created a spanish citizenship or nationality , that judicially did not distinguish between castillian and aragonese anymore , both with respect to rights and law . '', 
  this last part showing finally , what might have started as `` nobles fighting nobles '' , which in truth was a war for a model of state , between those who wanted a centralized model in the bourbonic fashion and those who preferred a more austrian one , ended up after charles succeeded in the empire 's throne ( and gave up the catalan cause ) as a people 's fight to defend the laws and constitutions of the `` assimilated part of the map above '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_utrecht and the following for more reference https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rafael_casanova#the_peace_of_utrecht_and_the_case_of_the_catalans after the allied forces retreated it was left to the catalan militias of irregulars and a few foreign columns that refused to leave to defend barcelona . 
  a lot of the nobles had left by then to switch sides . 
  sorry about the tone , i just do n't like when people put things like :  it appears he views spain as an occupying kingdom . 
  that kingdom being  castile which has n't existed for quite a while . 
    kind 've of strange . 
  which seem to point that what i said is disconnected with the present situation when it is still very much relevant . 
  nueva planta was never formally abolished and the thought process that evolved into the unionism of nowadays stems there . 
  oh , and apropos of what sounded as putting as subjective the view of castille or as it is called now spain as an occupying kingdom . 
  just look at http://mapsontheweb.zoom-maps.com/image/73608746120 that map is a spanish map of the 1850s , it is objective that they occupied and assimilated the crown of aragon in the succession war of spain and that they considered it an annexed territory . 
  ( sorry for the initial sarcasm though ) . 
  sure , the money transfers are important , but they should be done in a way that the regions can use to modernize , not in a central radial way that just tries to vertebrate a non-efficient and artificial model of state . 
  the spain that has existed since the kingdom of castille ceased to exist is as much a a state of denial of the identity of the other nations of the peninsula as the france that destroyed as much as it could its nationalities ( with a bit less success ) . 
  what spanish nationalism understands as being spanish holds almost a total identity to what was understood before as being a `` castellano '' the only difference is the expectation that the minority nations will just replace their culture , language and laws for those of castille . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nueva_planta_decrees so yeah ... learning history before downvoting is a good practice ... 
  thankfully catalans are not naive enough to expect the castilian nation to be any more democratic nor tolerant now than it has been since it gained the power over the rest of nations in the iberian peninsula . 
  it would n't even be bad if other `` regions '' were to request it . 
  a highly federal model of state for spain would imho be very beneficial . 
  each region would have more funds and responsibility towards its closer citizens and maybe we 'd see a modernization of the economy of some depressed zones . 
  indeed , the purchasing power is very limited considering average salary and average rent . 
  if you 'd like to hear it , the catalan news channel 3/24 is broadcasting daily the news in it after the catalan segment . 
  this is todays : http://www.tv3.cat/videos/4879792/324-en-aranes---29012014 it 's a really beautiful language and sister language of catalan and official in the north west of spanish catalonia . 
  i 'm married to a czech woman and i have to say that maybe around d\u011b\u010din and plzen people look more germanic , but the rest of the country is very typically slavic faces ( easy to spot putin look alikes in prague and in hk ) . 
  iirc spain has already been doing that for decades . 
  this estonian lad is either not estonian or does not understand that with smaller states in europe the eu would be more democratic and not be subject to the whims of the large nation states that now and then force issues on the smaller nations ( of which s/he is a citizen of ) . 
  lol . 
  what does a piece of law that has already been trashed by fast track changes by neo liberal debt-related urges and monarchical convenience have to do with the catalan and the spanish governments growing up and saying . 
  it 's best to be brothers with separate governments like czech republic and slovakia did ? 
  the spanish government and some of its supporters ca n't seem to understand the peaceful velvet split . 
  it is far too rational , i guess . 
  well , before the crisis when the economy was at its best , with the most `` progressive '' government has seen in democracy under zapatero , it was attempted with the estatut ( which was much less than federation ) . 
  the result was a whole bunch of `` that 's just not gon na happen '' . 
  it 's probably a better deal actually . 
  good luck governing a country without representation in europe . 
  i ca n't see how it would go well .
