   nobody is arguing they should join before they fulfill the conditions . 
  turkey would not imbalance the institutions ... a one billion country would . 
  actually they would . 
  there are like 80 million turks . 
  by their sheer number they will have about as much influence as germans . 
   they 're on the cusp . 
  let it depend on their actions , i.e. 
  fulfilling the membership conditions . 
  more asian than european . 
  the fact that something like 3 % of their land is in europe means nothing . 
   nobody cared what turkey did internally . 
  even if they were pressured , so what ? 
  are you going to block germany because they did n't give up dictatorship voluntarily back in 1945 ? 
  you said they did it voluntarily . 
  i 'm saying they did n't . 
  besides you 're missing the point-germans are european . 
   at least there you have a clear , undisputed geographical border , and morocco was much , much further removed from the membership conditions than turkey . 
  like the bosphorus . 
   even so , i 'm open to revise that if morocco would become more like the eu . 
  but that 's not going to happen this century in any case . 
  so i get your point . 
  the eu should basically be a world union and not an european one . 
  we already have the un . 
   it means that drawing the geographic line is arbitrary . 
  if you can skip half of the atlantic ocean and still call iceland geographically european , then you can do the same with the bosporus . 
  geographic divisions are not objective facts , and turkey straddles the grey zone . 
  so , japan , welcome to europe . 
  iceland has nowhere else to go . 
  the closest they have is europe . 
  the closest turks have is asia . 
   no , arabic is a semitic language . 
  it 's a separate language group as well . 
  well okay . 
  so screw that . 
  in language they are neither like us nor like arabs . 
  but their culture is closer to arabic . 
   of course i can compare it : it shows clearly that language , on its own , does not prevent a country from being european . 
  or take malta , a border case as well . 
  yeah , a language does n't . 
  other things do . 
  i was just saying their language is non-european . 
  because it is n't . 
   exactly , so i do n't know why you bring up genetics . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  well because since we all came from africa a lot of things happened . 
  such as : europeans are very rich of neanderthal dna , which is something others are n't , turks included . 
   no , there are signficant differences within the continents , and those straddle the borders we use now . 
  there is not such thing as a typical asian or european genetic makeup . 
  actually yes there is . 
  that 's why asians look like they look and so do europeans . 
  there is genetic difference between spaniards and swedes , let alone germans and japanese . 
  there is a reason race exists . 
  it 's just a bunch of people who share a lot of same dna , more than with other humans . 
   ignoring the laughably ori\u00ebntalist imagery , check out the genetic maps of europe . 
  central turkey is similar to greece and sicily . 
  the bosporus area is genetically similar to bulgaria , southern yugoslavia and southern italy . 
  if that 's sufficient ground for exclusion , prepare to split italy ... a founding member . 
  that 's what i said . 
  the similarity comes from all the raping turks did and all the slaves they took . 
  mostly the slaves though because women would kill a baby that was a result of rape . 
  it 's widely known that italy is probably the most genetically diverse country in europe but there are other things that unite us , things that turks do n't have . 
   they fail most membership conditions , they are far beyond the grey zone , and would inevitably block the eu institutions . 
  turkey not . 
  apart from the grey zone every argument also goes for turkey . 
  and as i said . 
  why should turkey be european and not asian ? 
  i do n't deny they have common things with europeans . 
  but they are rather asian than european . 
   turkey did it voluntarily , just like eastern europe . 
  you mean after losing ww1 and being pressured by the winners ? 
  sure ...  there simply is no point in saying no prematurely . 
  yeah , like why did we say no to morocco ? 
  let me take a step back here though :  in less than 10 years turkey will prove that no muslim country can be truly secular . 
  you may or may not be right , but . 
  turkey has been secular for almost 100 years now . 
  i do n't see why that would change in the next 10 . 
  plus , being secular is part of the intellectual and moral standards of humans . 
  if you live in a secular country ( turkey ) you must be mad if you want to go back to some fundamentalism . 
  the way i see things : in time people get smarter and smarter . 
  and this will eventually result in having just secular states and later on religion will also be pretty much forgotten as it has already started happening ( atheists are probably the fastest growing group ) . 
  so i have no idea why you would think that turkey is going to go backwards . 
   muslims in the balkans right , the slavs who were forced to accept islam by the turks . 
  still does n't make then genetically close , they just share a religion . 
   i presume you mean they are n't living on the right side of the bosporus , but that just depends where you draw the line . 
  iceland is geographically much more removed from europe , but nobody brings up that `` iceland is n't european '' . 
  tunisia is also closer to europe than iceland but it 's not part of europe . 
  and the whole land of iceland is considered in europe . 
  since if it is closest to any continent it is europe . 
   turkish is not indo-european , but neither is it semitic , so that does n't decide the issue . 
  in addition , there are non-ie languages in europe ( basque , uralics ) and there are ie languages outside europe ( eg . 
  farsi , hindi , pashto , ... ) . 
  maltese is a semitic language . 
  hell , kurdish is an indo-european language !, 
  well closer to arabic anyway . 
  i agree it does n't decide the issue but it 's there . 
  and the basque country is entirely in europe so you ca n't compare the cases . 
   not that crap again . 
  the whole of europe is settled by descendants of middle eastern farmers ... 
  but if you insist : lots of `` turks '' are assimilated greeks , and in central anatolia people descend from galatean celts . 
  are n't celts and greeks european enough .
