  go fuck yourself . 
  i mean really i do n't wan na take any criticism whatsoever from a country that has barely won 1 military conflict 200 years ( which is by the also the time in which that country has existed ) and is made of europeans who were unfit for our society and slaves . 
  yes but we 're not at their lever . 
  the sole idea of comparison is humiliating ... 
  so what if if a foreign tourist wants to rent a car ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  good . 
  they have no right to put monuments and embrace war criminals who killed serbs . 
  i see how it 's fairly famous to support the minorities in many countries . 
  i absolutely support the serbs for defending their land . 
  for those of you who think the albanians are right , think about this-a piece of country is cut off and stolen . 
  much like kosovo . 
  wow seems like a dangerous place . 
  i hope i never visit it . 
  people from the us are way more politically correct . 
  the difference between us and india/china is that our population is decreasing . 
  the `` problem '' is fixing it 's self . 
  because europe is a big producer of it ? 
  fear ? 
  respect ? 
  yes . 
  you see here in europe , although most people have n't seen it , we know about the horrors of war . 
  war to you is sending your troops thousands of kilometers away and watching them fight . 
  war for us is bombs on our houses and bullets through women and children . 
  was ww2 so long ago ? 
  we know the pain guns can inflict way better than you do and it is locked in our mentality . 
  we have genocide like 20 years ago in europe . 
  i do n't like the idea that someone should be able to buy a gun with basically the same ease he can buy bread . 
  there are many mad people and i feel much more comfortable when there is n't a person with a gun around me ( unless it 's an authority ) . 
  do you realize what guns are ? 
  it a piece of metal that literally anyone can have , pull out and end your life within the second . 
  no , thank you very much . 
  as for afraid of guns , guns are what made europeans rulers of the world so i would n't say we 're scared . 
  i have also shot a gun and enjoy it very much . 
  i see all of it 's bad aspects . 
  having that said i 'd love to do it , if it had n't been canceled . 
  potato vendor in latvia ? 
  amerikanski kapitalistky lies !, 
  there no such thing as potato , just sadness . 
  such is life in latvia . 
  it is western civilization so i 'd say more yes than no . 
  but canada is closer to us . 
   also very social but we only speak english . 
  do ** not ** be very social . 
  do n't they just teach people cursive in the first years of school ? 
  it 's effective and nice . 
  i 'd rather not have them . 
  they are supposedly there to protect us but i do n't see from whom they are defending us . 
  yes . 
  minorities . 
  that is why i say whatever makes people happy . 
  if separation makes them happy so be it . 
  my opinion is that whatever makes the people happy should be done . 
  and to be honest it would be nice if brussels was n't in any country , but rather just a city of the european union . 
  my is that whatever makes the people happy should be done . 
  and to be honest it would be nice if brussels was n't in any country , but rather just a city of the european union . 
  it 's a joke . 
  unless you 're gay , black , asian , bisexual , transsexual , brown or weak or short . 
  yup . 
  let me just add europa europa and der untergang . 
  people like to bitch about stuff . 
  there is no such thing as gender inequality in western countries . 
  how so ? 
  they are the most liberal countries in europe . 
  i do n't think that ethnic and religious minorities , even if predominant in a particular area , should be able to split into a country . 
  italy . 
  no , i would n't say so . 
  italy has quite a low homicide rate , even for europe . 
  as i said-hard to get a gun . 
  nobody really cares if you have a gun , but because of law restrictions it 's really hard to get one . 
  so it is socially acceptable but few people , especially in cities , have guns . 
  i think mignotta is dialect . 
  cazzo , sei bellissima ! -  i can say that obviously i 'm joking . 
  you ca n't use cazzo in a formal situation . 
  like the fucking english fucking word `` fucking '' . 
  you can fucking place it in every fucking place and it 's gon na be fucking grammatically correct . 
  well not the same but you see what i 'm getting at . 
  cazzo , queen of england you look great . 
  stop putting your cazzo in little boys , pope . 
  yes i did . 
  cazzo can be used in every situation . 
  i dare you to show me a situation where cazzo is not relevant . 
  means dick . 
  very very important . 
   france , italy , spain jobs ? 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  so i was wondering how the education systems work in different european countries . 
  so i though of a few questions that i want to ask . 
  at what age do children normally start going to school ? 
  how long do they stay there ? 
  i 've heard 12 or 13 years of school in different countries . 
  how is the process split up ? 
  is it elementary -  middle -  high school or is there a different division ? 
  i heard there 's something called college in the uk . 
  is education free?or is it free to some point and then paid ? 
  are there both public and private schools ? 
  is education obligatory ? 
  if so to what point , to which grade is it obligatory ? 
  do the pe classes include something like swimming or are they just a class to pass some time ? 
  are children obligated to read books and/or do homework during vacation ?
