  they honored the dead and made a good face in front of the world and still sue the ones who broke our law and survived . 
  smart move , letta . 
  what the lybians start to put holes on their ships ? 
  i would never give such order to my men . 
  they will be escorted to the african mainland with our ships , and the lybians wo n't dare to shoot . 
  once we leave the vessel on the land whatever . 
  and if we 're denied access to lybian territory , the lybians will have to care for them . 
  and if they deny we 'll just play the caesar/vercengetorix game . 
  and if the lybians decide to put holes in the boats the blood is on their hands . 
  and you are right . 
  this situation is far more serious than the gallic wars and we must find a way to end it . 
   the dead have been posthumously awarded italian citizenship , while the survivors have been charged with illegal immigration . 
  only in italy folks . 
  i confiscated the vessle . 
  and you know if they continue to try it 's madness . 
  einstein said that a mad person is whoever does the same thing all over again , fails and continues . 
  after they fail every time , eventually they 'll stop . 
  besides escorting them back would be much cheaper than the food , accomodations and money we give them anyways . 
  meh that 's what you get for having spineless politicians . 
  may be the most ffective but i do n't like it . 
  escorting them back to africa would work as well . 
  i doubt that . 
  the name has been in the top 5 or 10 for a long time . 
  i know plenty of francescos . 
  as i said i 'd rather escort them back to the african mainland . 
  then maybe the lybian wo n't accept them and this reminds me of a story . 
  you see julius caesar had the city of aleysia under siege . 
  the rebel against roman rule , vercengetorix , tried to use a weapon-the fact that the romans may have hearts , so he sent all of the old people , women and children ( anyone unfit to fight ) out of the city . 
  caesar had built a wooden wall around the city to help the siege . 
  the gaulic women and children reached caesar 's wall . 
  vercengetorix hoped that he would a ) save them due to caesar 's assumed compassion and b ) spare himself resources . 
  but caesar was a smart man . 
  so he did n't let them pass . 
  and they wandered between the romans and the gauls for a few days . 
  untill vercengetorix broke . 
  he could n't take it . 
  so after many of the people who were supposed to escape died vercengetorix took them back . 
  now , can you guess who eventually won the battle ? 
  the heartless romans or the gauls ? 
  you know the `` learn from history '' thing . 
  well might as well do it . 
  i ** do not ** want to kill them . 
  i just want them not to come here . 
  at which we 're going to respond by just escorting them out of our waters , so they 'll consider being clever . 
  a.k.a chicken soup . 
  as it should be . 
  well it will change something . 
  it will reduce rapidly the number of imigrants we 're getting and that 's all i care for . 
  where did i say lybia should take people not from lybia . 
  since they departed from lybia we get them out of our territory . 
  lybia is free to do the same . 
  escorting them back to afrcan shore and confiscating the vessle would work though . 
  no , i would rather mean the whole political `` elite '' . 
  not just him . 
  he is just an example , and the most famous one , of what italy 's politicians and bureucrats are like . 
  he has become the nominatvive for them all . 
  the whole problem is that italy was very unlucky . 
  it had the worst possble leaders in the worst possible time . 
  i 'll go as far as to say that people like berlusconi are the sole reason behind italy 's problems . 
  but then again , who 's fault is it that people elect him ? 
  it will help us because unlike the us we are separated by sea . 
  we can put guard on every shore of the island , not so easy to guard . 
  plus some boeats to go around . 
  it 's much much easier to guard than the us borders . 
  eventually they will learn that traspassing the sea is n't a good idea . 
  best thing is the us ca n't bitch about human rights because they do the exact same thing . 
  jewish is not a race , it 's an ethnicity . 
  is chopping off parts of the penis covered by the health care institutions ? 
   circumcision gained rapid popularity in western countries for varying reasons . 
  no it did n't . 
  oh yeah i forgot the fear and insecurity . 
  next is were you not hugged as a child and sometimes , were you abused . 
  still no argument though . 
  and we are ? 
  how dare you not allow cutting bodily parts from babies . 
  you are all a bunch of nazis ( especially the germans ) today you ban circumcision , tomorrow you put auschwitz back to work . 
  of course . 
  the typical liberal `` i feel sorry for you '' or `` you 're so ignorant '' or `` you 're a bigot '' presenting absolutely no argument and yet living in the deep belief you 're enlightened about the world , and how fluffy the world is and how butterflies fly around and everyone loves each other , and the only problem are evil people like me . 
  because in your little world things like rape or murder are products of social inequality . 
  right ? 
  of course some people lost it . 
  you see when you buy a house , you work on it . 
  you paint it , you clean it , you buy furniture . 
  when you inhabit a country , you work on it . 
  you make infrastructure and social structures . 
  so what is the difference between a random stranger coming to your house and starting to use your rooms and a bunch of immigrants coming to your land , starting t use what you already made . 
  i 'm all for some kinds of immigration . 
  if some will come here and be a valuable contribution to society-a rocket scientist or a doctor , or a magistrat , or whatever i will be the first one to put the red carpet under his feet . 
  but not someone who comes here to do a useless job and often not even pay taxes . 
  as far as to abuse the social system and commit crimes against the same people that accepted him into this society . 
  and sadly , most of immigrants do n't become like the very few described in the former paragraph . 
  of course not . 
  but . 
  italians have been here for long enough to create our own culture in this place : long enough to call it home . 
  because the mountains and seas of italy are mixed with italian blood and the land on the fields are soaked with italian sweat . 
  because from the alpes to sicily wherever legnano is every man has the heart and the hand made for this land . 
  yeah . 
  same goes for , you know , everyone . 
  norwegians did that , brits , germans . 
  italians as well .
