  nice to learn a few new things . 
  in terms of how old our planet is the difference between 100 or 1000 years is not significant . 
  blood does n't become water . 
  i admit that you have to work really hard to get the german blood out of northern italian , much like it would be pretty hard to get arab blood out of the southerner 's veins . 
  when i reflect i can say you 're right-we took that region because we just wanted more land . 
  but what can i say ? 
  history is written and made by the winners . 
  this post is so american i gained 100 kilograms and lost 50 billion brain cells while reading it . 
  i have to disagree with you . 
  while it is true that german is still widely known there everyone also speaks italian plus i would n't say the german population makes a majority . 
  it 's like a german-italian zone . 
  on top of that latin is in the core of many european languages ( except the slavic ones ) including in german , english , french and so on and so forward . 
  it 's a common zone plus with the eu i do n't think we 're going to have anything but symbolic borders soon . 
  italians can be pretty good at complaining too . 
  i mean germans * did * invade northern italy after the fall of the roman empire so historically speaking do you want to get switzerland , northern italy , austria and germany back together just to not bother ? 
  on a related note we want the territories of the roman empire back . 
  normal . 
  younger generations tend to often forget or not to care as much for historical events . 
   she used to say that after wwi `` they '' ( the winners ) took away the best apples ( south tyrol is famous for their apples ) and gave us a land full of gypsies ( burgenland ) . 
  i know this sounds racist , but it is authentic . 
  racist or not it 's the truth . 
  oh well my mistake then . 
  not a big country north of italy . 
  i think some of them are still mad that sudtirol is in italy . 
  there is even a subway stop in vienna called sudtirolen or something . 
  capital is vienna . 
  it has great places and the people are pretty nice . 
  best schnitzel and cakes in vienna plus strudel . 
  i liked the bratwurst and the beer was good . 
  they had a pretty successful empire but they really like to talk about empress elizabeth ( sisi ) which is a mystery to me because they had much better monarchs . 
  and she was n't all that pretty . 
  they speak german , are much like germans in every way ( of course that is in the eyes of a foreigner ) and yet austrians tend to not like germans a whole lot . 
  i know vienna was voted the best city for living in europe and i can say the city is quite nice . 
  their empire had a pretty nice eagle as a coat of arms . 
  the murder of their heir to the throne started ww1 . 
  hitler was born there so they kind of helped start ww2 . 
  plenty of eastern europeans most of whom moved there a long time ago . 
  which roughly translates to : what revolution ? 
  it 's a fascist rebellion . 
  i just realized there is more than one point of view . 
  if my wife looked like that i would too . 
  reminds me of a movie called [ the parade/parada ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1784575/ ) ( i think it 's in serbo-croatian ) . 
  laughed my balls off . 
  good movie . 
  [ best scene ever ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko8wuhzczq8 ) . 
  amazing how much hate there is in the comment section of that video . 
  guess who does n't have the balls to stand up to the usa . 
  thank god romanians are n't `` slavs '' . 
  why the quotation mark on slavs anyway ? 
  but yes , i can see your point . 
  i was left with the expression that roma people are often gypsies and that bulgarians and romanians are frequently bulgarians and romanians and that there is a big difference between romas and bulgarians/romanians . 
  geez i even though that there was some kind of tension between these groups . 
  malta is a small mediterranean island ( two or more maybe islands ) south of italy . 
  they used to speak italian but not anymore . 
  there are plenty of historical places because many civilization built there . 
  the capital is valletta . 
  arabs ruled them for a while . 
  i do not deny we massacred people . 
  you should deny we civilized them ( maybe you ? 
  i think i should be a dictator to change things . 
  otherwise it would take too long . 
   also , bosniak ( bo\u0161njak ) refers specifically to bosnian muslims i did not know that . 
  i would n't be surprised considering a good deal of bosniaks are ethnic serbs ( repubblica srpska ) . 
  italy would be the chef . 
  when done cooking it 'd be the guy who thinks he 's really hot but he will get rejected by all the chicks . 
  well you know all of these were barbarians . 
  at least the european countries brought them civilization while the ottoman empire destroyed cultures . 
  i never said bosnians and kosovans are turks . 
  what i said was that they are the locals forced by the ottoman empire to take islam . 
  we might have been gassing the ethiopians but we as a nation did more good than bad to the world . 
  as i said-turks make 9 % of bulgaria 's population . 
  i 'm guessing they are also present in other countries . 
  i 'm sure they are in romania . 
  we did n't do it for 500 years . 
  plus if you knew history you 'd know it is n't my country since it was n't italy back then . 
   the ottoman empire want an angel but it can safely be said it was still better than the european christian powers this is the biggest bullshit someone has said to me . 
  obviously you 're not aware of the ottoman empire 's atrocities . 
   the balkans used to be home to millions of turks before the various independence movements . 
  where are they now ? 
  there were n't a lot of turks on the balkans . 
  i ca n't speak for all the countries but a solid 9 % of bulgaria 's population is turkish so obviously they did n't disappear in a puff of smoke . 
  their lives were spared . 
  say do you know why bosnians , kosovians are muslim ? 
  because the ottomans would do everything possible to change the faith of the locals and they made it in some places . 
  they would decapitate anyone who did n't accept islam . 
  and decapitation was for the lucky ones . 
  yes spain paid for it but columbus was italian . 
  from genova . 
  most americans would n't have survived in europe . 
  they went to america because they were either poor or criminals . 
  so they owe us that . 
  i have never said i was another ethnicity . 
  cause i 'm not . 
  i was just stating a single fact and waiting for your reaction . 
  plus leonardo and machiavelli were from florence which is n't exactly south . 
  maybe we did . 
  yeah , we did . 
  but we did n't do it for centuries . 
  plus , unlike the ottoman empire , we brought good things to the world . 
  and please .
