  his 3 siblings are n't . 
  i suggest you go and make a thread in / r/italy . 
  ask how they feel and you 'll see the most multicultural people on reddit . 
   and what , just let them die ? 
  yes . 
  i should say this is a low , really really low action even for us.that 's being super-asshole . 
  germans , have my most honest apologies for that . 
  what we should do is not let them in in the first place not get them to move somewhere else in the eu . 
  but i like our citizenship law ... 
  i do n't remember myself complaining . 
  and i could n't care less for the us media . 
  ok i do n't even know why i 'm bothering but whatever . 
  first of all comparing europe to the us is stupid . 
  the us is one country . 
  europe is a continent with about 50 countries . 
  the us being racist is illogical . 
  how can you be anti-immigration in the us ??? 
  you 're all immigrants . 
  and recent ones . 
  the ovens thing . 
  the minority of europeans did that . 
  there were 4 main european nations that were in the axis of evil without being taken over . 
  germany , italy , austria , bulgaria . 
  bulgaria saved all of it 's jews so that makes 3 . 
  so out of about 50 countries only 3 decided that it would be a good idea to gas the jews and consented to it . 
  that is what we call a minority . 
  plus many of the people in these countries did n't want that . 
  you are an american idiot . 
  europe is not one thing . 
  we are different nations and we have fought and loved each other before we discovered your continent . 
  and sent all our criminals there for that matter . 
  yes and so does the rest of europe . 
   the appointment of cecile kyenge as the first black cabinet minister has sparked a racist response from members of the country 's northern league political party . 
  they 've called her - and i apologize , but this is - i 'm reporting here - a congolese monkey . 
  they 've derided her the new , quote , unquote , `` bunga-bunga government . '', 
  pretty sure it would happen in other countries as well . 
  i 'd say that the fact that there is a non-italian born minister speaks of a non-racist nation by it 's self . 
  the fact that some people are opposing it ( as do i but not because she 's black-she was n't even born here ) does n't mean anything . 
   northern league is an anti-immigrant party name a country that does n't have one . 
  maybe there is but it 's not just in italy . 
   another one of the ministers who 's a woman is also a german immigrant yeah well that woman obviously has deserved her citizenship . 
  she won medals and stuff for italy . 
  all of this is so stupid . 
  italians are probably the most tolerant people . 
  there are anti-gay protests ... in * france * ??? 
  everything i was told is a ** lie ** . 
   `` what stalin made me drink seemed pretty savage : winston , who by that time was complaining of a slight headache , seemed wisely to be confining himself to a comparatively innocuous effervescent caucasian red wine . '', 
  churchill you ai n't got nothing on stalin . 
  yeah and do you know why ? 
  because we let them free because otherwise it would be `` racism '' . 
  well you know these rightist people are also a part of our small / r/europe society and their opinions deserve to be heard as well . 
  i do have to say that the usa does much better than europe in integration/multiculturalism . 
  we must just look at our history to explain this . 
  you see , after the discovery of america all kinds of europeans and slaves ( africans ) landed there . 
  most of these were people who were ... different than the europeans that stayed . 
  since america was found you guys have been living together and sharing various cultures ( british , german , danish etc. ) . 
  so basically your nation is composed of immigrants who brought their own culture . 
  europe on the other hand ... it 's much more complicated . 
  i 've talked to people who are still mad about what the roman empire did . 
  we have a lot of cultures here . 
  the difference is that we have been at war with each other the entire time . 
  even recently ( ww2 ) and there is still suspicion between eastern and western europe . 
  it 's hard to tolerate each other . 
  wounds from the past are often deep even if it happened 1000 years ago . 
  thankfully we managed to get along we created the eu . 
  and as we are barely starting to know and respect each other , on our beautiful continent * they * show up . 
  they bring a `` culture '' that is different and more violent than ours . 
  they bring their working habits which rarely even exist . 
  they bring crime , poverty and fear . 
  and i really am sorry to say this but it 's the truth . 
  we are diverse enough . 
  for example an italian and a brit have a lot to learn about each other . 
  we do n't need extra `` cultures '' . 
  how so ? 
  have n't heard of nemanja but the other ones you can also meet in bulgaria . 
  except bo\u0161ko is the name of a soap . 
  well the mods can silence people all they want but i think nonetheless the / r/europe community has shown in multiple cases it 's position . 
  the position is really negative as it is in europe in general . 
  considering the facts i 'd say this is rather normal . 
  europe is multicultural enough * without * all the african/asian so-called * cultures * . 
  everyone is thinking against it at least a little . 
  i see that recently the word `` race '' has become scary so we replace it with `` culture '' . 
  i hate political correctness and i think i call things with their real names . 
  because we all know what the majority of people from other * races * and religions engage is-in 90 % of the cases it 's either crime or ruthless abusement of the country 's system . 
  that 's it . 
  i do not think that the moderators should have the right to delete any comment regardless of it 's content . 
  that 's taking freedom of speech away because it 's out of the norm . 
  i think that via the upvote/downvote system the community is perfectly fit to decide weather it agrees with a certain statement or not . 
  we all have the right to express our opinion . 
  let our fellow europeans here decide if they like them or not . 
   but it seems you just take most information that way you made me laugh . 
  really . 
  but in this thread i think it 's pretty clear i 'm italian . 
  edit : yeah you 're right . 
  i had two comments in that thread with one of them bashing on kosovo . 
  the other one was about italy . 
  i just remembered . 
  you 're right ... this time . 
  but the fight is not over :d, 
  you tagged my name ?
