  the one for personal defense is almost impossible to get . 
  you have to prove you 're mentally stable ( which is the case for the other two as well ) . 
  then to walk around with it you have to prove you have a reason you 're walking with it around . 
  like someone threats you but you ca n't just lie because they 'll wan na know who . 
  for an average person it 's almost impossible . 
  they usually give it to people who carry around a lot of money or valuable things and that is their profession such as a gold store owner . 
  the other ones who can get it are judges , prosecutors because they might be attacked by the subjects they sue by default . 
  my personal opinion ( which differed a lot from the common one in / r/italy ) is that gun control is way too strict . 
  i think a mental test for stability is enough and that we should have the right to bare an arm and defend ourselves . 
  recently near milan a crazy immigrant shot some people . 
  i think i should have the right to have with me something that can help me survive such a psycho . 
  and as we see the ban does n't stop the psychos . 
  also please can anyone tell me wtf is a 3d `` printable '' gun ? 
  russian . 
  trust me . 
  strongest of those countries . 
  nobody fucks with russia . 
  lots of russians anywhere in the world as tourists . 
  the biggest eastern european trade market . 
  i do n't even see why you 're considering it . 
  have n't noticed them . 
  what do they do and who are they ? 
  well i should start off with this . 
  the north is much much wealthier than the south . 
  the gdp per capita in the north is more than twice as big as the one in the south and is higher than in germany . 
  in some places in the south unemployment reaches up to 50 % while in some places in the north it goes 0.5-1 % . 
  all the big factories are in the north-the cars like fiat , ferrari , alfa romeo , lancia are from the north ( turin ) . 
  our fashion centers are also in the north ( milan ) . 
  almost every piece of earth is made into fields which is not like that in the south . 
  you can also sense a difference wherever you go . 
  like the north is cleaner . 
  naples often has trash problems . 
  add to that that the infamous italian mafia comes from the south so it 's the base of corruption . 
  when you read this it seems like separation would only be a smart thing to do . 
  but no . 
  because in the short term the wealthy north will be much better ( you know paying less taxes because we wo n't have to pay for unemployed southerners ) . 
  i 'm a little ashamed to admit that there was a period in which i believed in the separation of italy . 
  the problem with the south is that it 's poorly developed . 
  the south has really rich lands . 
  if we start to exploit them correctly that will make a huge change in economy . 
  if we invest in the south we could create working places and drive the economy forward . 
  the south is really warm ( unlike the much colder north ) which enables us to take care of cultures like olives and use electricity from the sun . 
  in the long term the south may become very useful to the rest of italy because of it 's nature . 
  a very important thing-italy is self-sufficient ( except natural fluids ) . 
  only the north is not self-sufficient enough . 
  also , the south provides inside-immigrants for the north . 
  thus many of the people who work in factories come from there . 
  having all that said i think you understand why we would regret it . 
  also something else . 
  leaving the south because it 's in a hard period would mean we 're traitors . 
  you ca n't just leave them because they are in the rough right now . 
  maybe in a few ( hundred ) years we will be worst than them . 
  we are , after all , one nation ( although some people try to dispute that and they have their arguments ) . 
  and a nation must never be separated . 
  separated means weak . 
  the bigger we are , the better . 
  not a bag question . 
  the north ** would ** surely benefit from a separation but that would be a short-term financial benefit . 
  then , in time we would regret it . 
  no they do n't . 
  they are my favorite english team as well but i just think this is not the proper subreddit . 
  i see you 're from the north . 
  a southerner would never say this . 
  yes but i have to ask . 
  does n't the rest of spain provide some products for you guys as well ? 
  i mean are they not good for anything ? 
  you speak one language right ? 
  i 'm asking this because in italy all the industry is in the north ( cars , guns , factories ) . 
  also income in the north is 2x the one in the south , yet the south has valuable things that contribute . 
  such as grain , olives and stuff . 
  why is the rest of spain useless to you ? 
  so why does catalonia want separation ? 
  i mean in italy there is a party that wanted the north to be separated from the south . 
  but they are often perceived as idiots . 
  i see it 's different in spain . 
  i am a huge football fan but i do n't think this belongs here . 
  many people do n't care . 
  this is not a major change to football anyway . 
  it 's not like man united have any significance anywhere outside of england . 
  same goes for the rest of europe . 
  nobody , even the chinese , dare to fuck with russia 's name . 
  ** no one !, 
  no she is in hell . 
  she refused to get married against her will ( go figure ) . 
  do you like `` friends '' ? 
  and they said muslims are aggressive ... 
  well i do n't know hungarian nor turkish so i wo n't argue . 
  maybe this was n't a the best point since i was judging of the sound of the language . 
  other points still stand strong though . 
  ok so the special ones are : valle d'aosta , trentino alto adige , friuli-venezi giulia , sardegna , sicilia . 
  is it not true ? 
  would you say that turkish is closer to any european language than to arabic ? 
  dude in italy every region has a strong regional identity . 
  italy was a divided country not so long ago . 
  macchiavelli called it `` patriottismo spicciolo '' . 
  every region has their dialect etc. 
  if i were you i 'd only add the special ones like valle d'aosta , friuli-venezia giluia . 
  if you made veneto and piemonte it is only fair to add emilia-romagna , lazio etc. 
  as i said everyone has a strong regional identity . 
  now that you have made different flags for the regions you guys will probably start getting your average north-south conflict and whatnot , although i think that italians on reddit are a bit smarter than that .
