  we can do everything as long as we set our minds to it . 
  well i think it is safe to accept that this guy supports kosovo . 
  and yes i do feel the need to point things out . 
  nope i 'm not irritated . 
  i just do n't know why you 're taking this so seriously . 
  really . 
  technically you just did the same thing i did . 
  you pointed out you do n't agree with my methods of communication . 
  as far as i 'm concerned this is what out continent has come to and fought for , and still fighting for it-everyone having the right to speak their mind . 
  god damn it do you really feel the need to make such a huge deal out of it ? 
  you know the funny thing is the first time i saw that meme was when a friend sent it to me during an argument . 
  i did not randomly throw it at someone . 
  i threw it at someone who thought kosovo is legit . 
  fair enough . 
  and i honestly believe that kosovo is not a legitimate country . 
  even if that makes me am asshole . 
  in other news , you 're not a real country . 
  guess who 's pulling a belgium . 
  out of the cultural tourism i 'd suggest italy . 
  and west europe in general . 
  for other kinds of fun-the east . 
  plus in eastern europe there are nice cultural monuments . 
  which countries do you want to visit ? 
  depends on what you want . 
  do you want cultural tourism ? 
  like sightseeing or do you want to have fun ? 
  both are possible . 
  as for what to take . 
  clothes and money . 
  you have money = you have everything . 
  check the hostels via internet and plan it a little so you do n't end up in some shitty place . 
  not in russia . 
  not in ukraine . 
  not in belorussia . 
  not even in serbia ( since thanks to the fall of the ussr nato screwed them taking their land ) , not in the baltic countries . 
  ok yes maybe romania . 
  you were always known in bulgaria as the poor ones ( although now we 're the same ) . 
  in bulgaria everyone had food . 
  the queues here came after 1989 . 
  in the 90 's . 
  that was when hunger struck . 
  before that . 
  in sofia there was well working heating with normal bills . 
  now people ca n't afford to pay the bills that are higher than their salaries for barely working heating . 
  everyone had meat and pure products , natural . 
  now there are people who starve . 
  we ate yogurt from sheep which people ca n't afford now . 
  bulgaria exported huge amounts of electricity . 
  all of those factories were sold to people ( thus did n't belong to the government anymore ) so now they are closed . 
  bulgaria that in multiple olympic games was second only to the ussr and the usa ( often even more than the us ) now barely has 2 or 3 medals . 
  as i said the queues here started after 1989 . 
  bulgaria was heavily armed enough to handle turkey in case of a military conflict . 
  now-now bulgaria is just an obstacle . 
  in bulgaria people had electricity and gas and all . 
  unlike now . 
  as i said the only good thing we have now is the freedoms . 
  but what freedoms when you are ruled by mobsters ? 
  yeah you can speak your mind-so what ? 
  elders had their pensions big enough to live . 
  now many ca n't even afford food . 
  i mean imagine that with all that done right now we are the same as romania who was well behind us . 
  imagine how after 1989 times screwed us . 
  and i 'm a double citizen . 
  i was born bulgarian and italian . 
  i can tell you that so far democracy has worked for italy ( except in the last 5 years ) . 
  but not for bulgaria . 
  truth is both parts of the iron curtain brainwashed their population . 
  the only difference is that today the east knows the truth about the west and the west still does n't know the truth about the east . 
  in most eastern countries as of economy the comicon worked better and the people were richer . 
  example : in 1985 bulgaria had 0 cents of external debt , now it 's a few billions . 
  in 1988 bulgaria had 2200 tanks while england had about 2000 . 
  in 1989 bulgaria had a population of about 8,8 million people . 
  now it 's 7,3 million . 
  fact : crime levels have raised dramatically since socialism . 
  actually the reason you see cities in bulgaria are brighter here is that people who lived in small towns left them since then . 
  there are about 5000 dead towns in bulgaria now ( meaning 0 inhabitants ) . 
  everyone goes to the cities because `` democracy '' took their jobs and food . 
  before 1989 bulgaria was a big exporter of almost all goods ( except fuels ) . 
  now it 's an importer . 
  it 's regress and i dare say it is n't just bulgaria but 95 % of the warsaw pact countries . 
  do n't get me wrong-i love freedom of speech and all but it was n't as horrible as you guys were lied to . 
  maybe we should have tried giving more freedoms but keep the good things like i do n't know ... a working economy ? 
  the bright become brighter , while the less bright also become brighter  . 
  i ca n't say anything about people being replaced by machines . 
  it would be nice if we did n't have to work boring jobs and still get to live a good life . 
  like that everyone could devote themselves to something and we will progress . 
  our society ( i mean all of humanity ) is n't ready for that yet . 
  on the other hand-yes foreign people work for less . 
  true . 
  but . 
  i want every single one of you to think . 
  when i see `` made in china '' i think `` this is shit '' . 
  plus what does it matter if you have a strong economy but your people are poor ? 
  i mean the goal of economy is to make people rich . 
  that why it was made . 
  i 'd rather pay a little more for an european product that is nice over some shitty asian ( except japan . 
  they are like us ) / african product . 
  what i 'm trying to say is-we do n't need to compete . 
  our goal is to live well . 
  i do n't give a fuck if china makes more products as long as everyone in europe lives well and is rich .
