  that 's right , the people of other cultures who were given citizenship some time earlier . 
  so what is your point ? 
  diversity * is * what brought the roman empire down . 
  that is not racist because most of the many tribes who brought the empire down were white ( vandals , goths , gauls ) just like the romans . 
  not about race , rather about the clash of cultures and the fact that one way ( swords and spears for rome ) or another ( demographic outnumbering of the natives for modern europe ) one of the cultures will fall . 
  i do n't want to inspire tolerance . 
  not now , not ever . 
  tolerance . 
  to tolerate . 
  tolleranza and tollerare . 
  you know italian right ? 
  definition by the italian dictionary . 
  or in other words put up on your free will with something negative . 
  so next time keep in mind what tolerance actually means . 
  the fact that i should tolerate immigrants means i should put up with them although i do n't like it and that is something i 'd rather not do . 
  racism is a tiny part of fascism and it 's not even obligatory . 
  that is the difference between nazism and fascism . 
  as you very well know mussolini ruled italy since 1922 in a fascist regime but racial laws did n't come until after his alliance with nazi germany . 
  he established them in 1938 . 
  both the parties you mentioned are far too extremist for me . 
  and since you obviously did n't know people like me , now you do . 
  again , i have no racial politics god damn it . 
  just immigration policies . 
  you are bringing up race and your blackness . 
  truth is you are racist . 
  why do you think that as a black person you should feel differently than me ? 
  by the way while researching fascist actually means research what democratic means as well . 
  democracy does n't necessarily mean equality among all . 
  just a selected few so you can be the most racist/sexist person ever and still be a democrat . 
  i do n't like the italian right ( berlusconi ) nor the right wing politicians in italy . 
  describing myself as center right would mean the real central right not the thing that is present in italy . 
  i am more center-right . 
  i said you 're not an immigrant and i even apologized in my former comment . 
  so why are you still playing that card ? 
  your italian passport ... not sure if it would make me angry . 
  do you have a job that is actually doing good for society ( you know unlike selling bad products on the streets ) ? 
  do you pay taxes ? 
  if so , i would be more than happy that a person who is helping our society is here . 
  so you are speaking of an official you do n't know . 
  pretty sure i 'm not a fascist firstly because fascism is hardly limited to racism and has much more important aspects such as a totalitarian regime , annihilation of the private sector or at least control over it and no freedom of speech and propaganda which are all things i am strongly against . 
  well excuse my obvious assumption but you may be surprised to actually know that most black people in italy are immigrants . 
  so i apologize . 
  to make myself clear . 
  / u/chalantfortythree is not an immigrant to italy . 
  he is of an immigrant family and of non-italian descent . 
  do you disagree with these statements ? 
  by saying i earned my f-class badge he meant i 'm fascist , i presume . 
  so technically buddy i was right . 
  what i said had nothing to do with fascism or even racist . 
  he just called me fascist because i said something that was remotely wrong and did n't suit his interests . 
  my point has been proven . 
  yeah , do n't argue with him . 
  he 's an immigrant to italy so he would n't even understand your arguments ( not because he ca n't though-he just does n't want to ) and in the end he will probably just call you an extremist fascist who wants to kill all non white people although you just said you want to pick only the best contributions to society . 
  they like to claim history that is n't theirs . 
  actually some time ago here on / r/europe there was a question about macedonia 's history and why not leave the same reply i did last time ? 
  actually , here 's a link to the thread-www . reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ha3y0/questions_about_the_history_of_the_people_of_the/, 
  *** apologize *** . 
  i know it was you who did it . 
  to all the `` putin is a hypocrite '' crowd . 
  guess what . 
  he is . 
  he 's also right . 
  so just ditch the `` hypocrite '' comments . 
  you 're right i probably would n't put it anyway . 
  damn it why could n't i have been born on the other side of po so i can put a motherfucking lion as my flag . 
  i still ca n't figure out why lombardia , piemonte and veneto have a flag on / r/europe but emilia-romagna does n't . 
  where have you been in northern italy ? 
  which is basically a schnitzel but to fuck with the austrians . 
  pizza . 
  which is gulasch but to fuck with the french . 
  and you know all the types of fish , meat and other pastas that we eat . 
  yay . 
  pizza in northern italy is pretty much the same as in the south . 
  also rome kind of passes as south . 
  the fact that you ate in a shitty tourist cheating restaurant is another discussion . 
  probably late for the party and whoever sees this will downvote it but : i support assad . 
  why ? 
  i have yet not seen any proof of the use of chemical weapons . 
  show it to the public , un . 
  and even if there was use of them it was suggested it was without assads knowledge . 
  the `` rebels '' are fighting a jihad war . 
  they are a bunch of criminals . 
  most are n't even syrian . 
  they just want to bring a strong islamist regime to the country . 
  during assad 's rule , as far as i know religious minorities were not bothered . 
  i saw a video where these rebels stripped naked and murdered unarmed , surrendered soldiers of the regime . 
  no one deserves such a death . 
  i do n't want another strongly muslim country . 
  the population seems to be split 50/50 . 
  it 's not like it 's the whole nation against assad and the army . 
  i know a syrian who supports assad and with good reasons such as the listed above . 
  the grammar is different that is granted , but the vocabulary is really close which makes bulgarian comprehensive for russians and vice versa . 
  i did n't mean bulgarians actually know russian . 
  i 'm just saying that if the people speak slowly they can understand a lot . 
  i said look like . 
  which means that they look like slavs to me . 
  i personally see a resemblance . 
  i never said i have evidence . 
  right that is what some bulgarians like to say but i highly doubt it . 
  reasons are as follows : when the five sons of kubrat split , many bulgarians stayed in the old bulgaria with their father .
