  overall , it was a horrible but necessary thing . 
  remember , it did not only stop the japanese , but also stopped the soviets from turning you into their satellite , they were in austria already . 
  yeah maybe . 
  who knows what would happen ? 
  austria didnt become their satellite so that 's that . 
   sure thing , we are one of the oldest continuously sovereign states in the world . 
  how many systems of government has italy tried in last 100 years ( and sucked at every single one ) ? 
  there is difference between having a relatively aged country . 
  which is not even true since aside from italy and germany most european countries are much older than the us . 
  i do n't see how anyone would define italy as a sucky country . 
  we have some of the beast healthcare ( jealous ? 
  ) , a good education-scoring higher than americans in international tests , a very nice living standard , an almost self-sufficient economy a rich history and a great culture . 
  how is any of that shitty ? 
   to wit , balkans in 1990s . 
  the balkans did n't suffer a lot during ww2 so they had to get that out of their system . 
  no biggie . 
  the bigger countries would n't have done anything . 
  you can not . 
  you have done so twice and have fucked over the whole world . 
  we will not allow that to happen again . 
  you know what will help us with that ? 
  our bases and nukes we store and have on your soil . 
  you lost the war and now you are our bitch . 
  no way out of without us approving it first . 
  yeah , we can . 
  who are you to allow us ? 
  you do realize your bases are defenseless right ? 
  they can literally be destroyed in seconds . 
  they are more of control centers than actual strongholds . 
  we have defensive systems against nuclear bombs . 
  you do n't want to start a war with the eu . 
  if you knew history you 'd know no western european country has ever been defeated by a non-european country on it 's own soil . 
  besides america is a sinking ship . 
  everyone knows that . 
  reddit may be us based and i have nothing against americans in / r/europe or any european community . 
  i have a problem particularly with * you * . 
  if you dislike europe , why hang around this subreddit ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  really funny !, 
  things are greatly exaggerated but i have observed many of those things in bulgaria . 
  also , totally dig the chick . 
  i wish that one were true ... 
   yes . 
  i do n't argue using chemical weapons against ethiopians was okay . 
  it was n't . 
  neither was nuking the japanese . 
   yeah , grab the wikipedia article to prove me wrong . 
  anyone can edit that place . 
  yes just deny my sources while giving out none . 
   this is why europe will never rise above its ' bullshit : you are all too willing to separate yourselves in herds and then fight each other . 
  the first step towards a pogrom is separation into `` us '' and `` them '' . 
  do it at your own detriment . 
  maybe americans can teach us out of their extensive historical experience as a nation . 
   to recap : europe is a fractured continent that has been kept at peace by the direct american involvement which is also responsible for its defense . 
  europe remains deeply nationalistic , exclusive and racially intolerant place . 
  oh and also , your gdp is lower than that of the us . 
  to recap : you are stupid as fuck , the continent would n't have started a war , especially after ww2 . 
  america does n't defend shit : it has bases here to suit it 's own interests . 
  europe may be nationalistic and racially intolerant but that is none of your business and also this is our fucking home we can treat it however we so desire . 
  also , no it 's not . 
  in summation you should get off of / r/europe because you obviously dislike europe just like i dislike america , except i 'm not hanging out in / r/usa or whatever . 
  our future is just as secure as everyone else 's . 
  now go grab a burger . 
   he is not . 
  he is . 
  `` enrico fermi ( italian : [ en\u02c8ri.ko \u02c8fe\u027e.mi ] ; 29 september 1901 -- 28 november 1954 ) was an italian physicist , best known for his work on chicago pile-1 ( the first nuclear reactor ) , and for his contributions to the development of quantum theory , nuclear and particle physics , and statistical mechanics . 
  he is one of the men referred to as the `` father of the atomic bomb '' . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enrico_fermi yeah , our gdp is higher . 
  japan attacked us first . 
  you have attacked ethiopia first . 
  also i will remember this statement of yours next time you bitch about drones . 
  so nuking them was okay ? 
  please . 
  i do n't bitch about drones . 
  never have . 
  also as you were as kind to point out it 's 2013 . 
  you ca n't compare things then to things now . 
  it is 2013 for fucks sake man . 
  so what ? 
  are you saying european banks were n't mostly in jewish hands ? 
  that is why they were persecuted for hundreds of years . 
  it 's easy to hate people to whom you owe money . 
  christianity saw banking as a dirty devil 's deed so christians were discouraged and even banned from it . 
  who else could do it at the time ? 
  who else but the only non-christians-the jews . 
   it is obvious that you know very little about nuclear technology . 
  the first nuke the us detonated was uranium based , the second one was plutonium based - none of those products had anything to do with fermi 's reactor . 
  fermi built the first nuclear reactor that has had nothing to do with the project manhattan . 
  seeing as i know very little , explain to me why is he called the father of the atomic bomb ? 
  point proven . 
  does n't change the fact that after the 1950 's they had more and more powerful nukes than you . 
   i just did . 
  see the numbers . 
  us at $ 16.7 t/yr vs eu at $ 16.02 t/yr . 
  there , i compared it . 
  admit your error . 
  why are you looking at the ppp ? 
  that 's about people . 
  when we talk about the economy or gdp which is higher than the us 's . 
  17 267 t/yr against 16 724t/yr  i like how you call conquest of ethiopia that was done with chemical weapons `` colonization '' .
