  interesting but i 'm not british . 
  and i think that the brits are just as lucky as the germans . 
  you have to admit that germany always got away easy after it did shit . 
  such as ww2 . 
  because germans always have privilege . 
  i mean let 's face it they are always the lucky ones . 
  and something to justify it-germany is the strongest economy of europe as of now . 
  it pays a lot of money to countries with problems such as greece . 
  sounds fair that they pay a little less debt . 
  every single language in the world is worth learning . 
  knowing a language will always be your advantage . 
  but i have to admit some languages will help you more than others . 
  probably knowing english will be more useful than knowing greek ( no offence to greeks ) . 
  yeah i guess that is why i said almost . 
  i can see what a huge misconception you have . 
  you see the balkans are so different from country to country . 
  for example albanians , bosnians ( except republika srpska ) , kosovo people ( are they a nation yet ? ), 
  are muslims . 
  so are turks if you consider them a balkan country . 
  bulgarians , serbs and greeks are orthodox christians and croatians are catholics . 
  the different religions have made so many conflicts in the area . 
  being in albania you 've probably been in the second ( after turkey ) most hated country on the balkans . 
  but wait ... there is more . 
  territorial disputes are many and ' it 's not just the former yugoslav republics . 
  for example there is the bulgaria-macedonia which is pretty big . 
  some countries write different histories and try to take credit for things that other countries did ( yes macedonia i 'm looking at you ) . 
  it 's not just that . 
  even serbs and bulgarians , who seem like the closest brothers ( same religion , very close language ) hate each other in massive numbers ( which is a mystery to me ) . 
  almost everyone hates the turks ( which is far from being a surprise seeing what they did ) seeing all of these differences and many more only a person that does n't know ** anything ** about the balkans could think that / r/balkanpolitics would be a great idea . 
  it will be fighting all the time i assure you . 
  i 'll check it out but i tell you not a lot of good will come out of it . 
  so good for you . 
  well avoiding the screen seems like invading a person 's private space . 
  you know i do n't feel like avoiding a huge screen . 
  you are right about the guys but that was more because of the joke . 
  hardly . 
  first thing that comes to mind is the warsaw pact and i think there are many others . 
  still a great idea though . 
  as much as i love the idea which is awesome it could go wrong . 
  first of all i do n't know about you guys but some people that walk around their squares might not want to be filmed ( which i assume is a crucial part of the project ) second i do n't want to sound like a paranoid bitch but hey do n't be spying on us . 
  third . 
  i am afraid that this might go global . 
  and i do n't really want to see * some * people . 
  also have imagine some hairy motherfucker mastrubating in your town 's center . 
  now even if you have the money why do you think that every country/city will agree to have huge screens with cameras ? 
  and last but not least-vandalism . 
  i can see how in vienna , for example , the screen will be safe but in cities such as sofia i do n't see it lasting more than a couple of weeks before some idiots vandalize it or even worse-some gypsies steal it . 
  you have to possibly pay local cops or something to stay there and keep it safe . 
  where will you get the money for that ? 
  i realize i am the negative nancy here . 
  i love the idea though . 
  since this is posted on / r/europe i think that the least the makers of this plan could do is make another video to explain how they will encounter these problems post it here and also tell it to all their supporters . 
  well first of all i would be sad if the uk wastes life and money over a conflict that has nothing to do with it . 
  i honestly do n't see why anyone should play by the us 's rules . 
  i do n't see why anyone has to get involved . 
  well correct me if i 'm wrong but i think that the eu is more of an economical than a military union . 
  so yes i think different countries will have different reactions . 
  different but not very far away from each other . 
  i think that some of the countries might be as `` awesome '' as to help the usa bring `` democracy '' to north korea . 
  you said european countries so that is not only countries in the eu . 
  i do n't know how russia will react . 
  maybe they will take north korea 's side but at most they will supply them with weapons . 
  with both the korean war and the vietnam war russians have shown that they do n't like to lose their man in other people 's battles . 
  the rest of eastern europe will be on the same page as western europe i think . 
  my personal hope is that no european country will interfere in any way . 
  neither economic nor military . 
  in my opinion the last thing we must do , especially with the crisis , is waste money to help anyone fight a war that is n't ours . 
  do n't let me even get started on how stupid it would be to waste our man and women , our citizens for a cause that is n't even remotely related to us . 
  in a direct answer to your question-i think that some countries will try to intervene economically and i hope no one is stupid enough to waste their soldiers . 
  obviously all countries , except maybe russia , will declare that they are on the side of south korea although i think we should be neutral and not intervene in any way whatsoever . 
  p.s-1youwot i think you did n't pick the best time to post this question . 
  it 's already midnight in most eastern european countries and almost as late in the central and the most werstern parts . 
  the exceptions are i guess the uk and portugal but i think it 's late there as well . 
  that is why i said de facto . 
  they are de facto ethnic alothough they are not such on paper . 
  and stop the ex-communists bullshit . 
  everyone was in the party back then , no exceptions . 
  seeing your bulgarian flag i should assume that you are familiar with the constitution of bulgaria . 
  no one is allowed to have a religious or ethnic party . 
  yes they should of course as citizens have the right to vote but by constitution they are not allowed to have an ethnic party . 
  that party as you probably know is de facto \u0414\u041f\u0421 . 
  they do not admit it but we all know that is right . 
  something more this party is depraving to the turkish voters because it aims to canalize their beliefs and use them for someone 's political interests . 
  that is far from being a new phenomenon . 
  there are ethnic turk parties in bulgaria for a long time now . 
  apparently that is why the great heroes have died for . 
  i disagree with some of those but ... 
  bravo sir !, 
  you see there is reason that crimes among the second generation are higher . 
  the first one is scared and are desperately seeking approval . 
  the second ones already feels like they are home and essentially-they are . 
  but apparently they fail to fit in our way of life . 
  sounding racist i 'll just say it . 
  a stable 85 % of these people are unfit for our society . 
  weather it is nature or nurture i do not know ( actually we all know ... ) . 
  facts are facts-today 's immigrants are not like immigrants from 50 years ago . 
  they do more bad than good . 
  i firmly believe that we should not disallow immigration only have harsher policies . 
  for example if one wants citizens for himself or his children he should prove proficiency in the local language and history and know them better than locals . 
  also he must have a talent not just benefit from our accomplishments .
