  we 're not just talking about 1500 's . 
  we are talking about before the 1500 's and also after-to this day . 
  please read a little . 
  i do n't know what these populations preferred but i can assure you it was not the same in bulgaria , serbia etc. 
  check the batak massacre , the skull tower in beograd and many others . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm from emilia and have n't heard these stories but the village i come from is very rich because of nice nature around it and all so maybe it was n't as reflected on my grandparents . 
   but what did we do for americans , directly ? 
  like apart from discovering it ? 
  we gave them an alphabet . 
  i never sent mafia . 
  as far as i 'm concerned mafia came from the south . 
  as a matter of fact northern italian immigrants to the usa wanted to be classified as a different ethnicity . 
  plus there were n't many of them . 
  i really find it amusing how many of you people go through the history of the person you 're arguing with . 
   and since you cherish those who protected us from the `` evil '' ottomans , the balkans gave their blood on the line for centuries to fight the ottomans consider this my answer to all you said about the ottomans . 
  i described them as evil because of what they were doing on the balkans . 
  you could see the skull tower in belgrade , the batak massacre , the perushtica massacre how they raped and murdered . 
  how they stabed babies on their guns and went around with them . 
  how they forced entire villages into churches and then set them on fire . 
  how christians were n't allowed to wear expensive clothes . 
  how they were n't allowed on horses . 
  the men and women of the balkans gave their blood and lives for us . 
  plus the man who stopped the ottomans at vienna the second time was italian . 
  i said the veneziani had the balls to fight them not that they were defending us bravely . 
  and you know what the terrifying thing was ? 
  that was n't an army . 
  that was the basibozuk-average people from villages . 
  volunteers . 
  and they killed their neighbors without remorse . 
  check the janissary thing . 
  i should grab some popcorn . 
  the capital is ankara . 
  big country big population , muslims . 
  currently-pretty well growing economy . 
  they wan na be in the eu . 
  violent protests . 
  in my opinion asian country . 
  past-the ottoman empire was probably the worst and most inhumane empire for it 's time ( if not for all times ) . 
  mass extermination of christians on the balkans and trying to change their faith by force . 
  stealing the kids of local families and such . 
  the armenian genocide . 
  of course that ** is n't ** turkey . 
  it 's the ottoman empire . 
  kemal ataturk totally changed that country to the core making it a modern country that would try to reach european standards . 
  i know there are lots of turks in germany . 
  people are nice until you pay them . 
  as long as you 're out of the hotel ( 12:00 ) you are treated like shit . 
  i had to wait for a bus to take me to the airport for about half hour . 
  well at least we did things to deserve it . 
  first of all i do n't know what shit hole of a village your grandma comes from . 
  i 'd like to tell you another story . 
  the house of my grandparents was robbed by the allies . 
  they had stored meat , pasta etc. 
  the allies took it all for `` war needs '' . 
  a friend of my grandma was raped by american soldiers . 
  i 'm not saying they were wrong-desperate times call for desperate measures ( on the food stealing ) but do n't you sanctify them . 
  i do n't know of which time you speak when there was running famine , malaria , and poverty in general . 
  yes we got money ( i assume you 're speaking of the marshall plan ) but so did others . 
  they should be thankful to us . 
  the romans created canalization , cement , this alphabet , they were the first ones to bring civilization to all the barbaric tribes in europe . 
  europe is what it is thanks to us . 
  but that 's not all-italy drew the western world out of the dark ages . 
  the renaissance started in italy . 
  italy gave the world great minds - leonardo da vinci , michelangelo , the first ones to create great music were italians . 
  many people that have to do with art . 
  but that 's not all . 
  italians invented things like the battery ( volta ) , discovered electromagnetic waves ( g. marconi ) . 
  italians made the greatest geographic breakthroughs ( columbus , vespucci , marco polo ) . 
  italians were some of the first people to explore space ( galilei , giordano bruno ) . 
  an italian is the father of the atomic bomb ( it 's a bad thing and yet a great discovery see enrico fermi ) . 
  but is that all ? 
  italians republics were wealthy . 
  the only ones who dared to challenge the ottoman empire ( an empire of evil ) . 
  preservers of education and culture . 
  the first university ever was in italy ( bologna if i remember correctly ) . 
  italians are responsible for making millions of people happy around the world with delicious somewhat cheap foods . 
  and yet italy continues to contribute to the world . 
  italy makes ships , cars . 
  in cern there are many italians . 
  and there is much more . 
  i think italy gave the world more than enough . 
  more than most counties ( if not all ) . 
  italians as a nation have deserved to be helped when they need it . 
  what did rwanda do ? 
  on the more practical side italy is an ally with the countries that it received help from . 
  not rwandans , nor croatians or whatever are such . 
  i do n't feel like checking my grammar so do n't bitch about it . 
  well sadly i do not give a flying fuck about rwanda . 
  i mean yeah , sorry for all the dead people but guess what-people die , it 's natural . 
  i know genocide is not natural and i condemn it i just do not think it 's any of our business . 
  you know , we do n't * have to * accept these refuges . 
  really what is it with you people being so humane ? 
  did we have a pact of mutual defense with croatia or something ? 
  oh well they can screw themselves . 
  i think every country should solve it 's problems alone without anyone taking sides . 
  god damn it i am not a fucking serb . 
  i have nothing to do with serbia , i do n't know the language i have no serbian blood in me whatsoever . 
  yugoslavia was the first example that came to mind . 
  i am also against the war in vietnam .
