  most of them have lived in bulgaria since the liberation of the ottoman slavery . 
  they only have a bulgarian passport and some turks actually integrate pretty well into society . 
  that has been going for more than 100 years ( since 1878 ) so it 's sort of weird how they have n't integrated yet ( a warning here to germany ) . 
  that 's different . 
  we 're not telling them to recognize if someone is norwegian or swedish . 
  i ca n't do that . 
  i think i would n't make difference between a north american and any european . 
  what they have to know is that norway and sweden are different countries just like i know thailand and vietnam are . 
  we are talking about people who think that chechnya and the czech republic are the same thing . 
  people who believe iran is right next to germany . 
  we are talking about people who believe in vast numbers europe is one country . 
  they put us all together because many do n't know europe is n't one country . 
  you do realize that each country has a different educational system right ? 
  sim cards for iphones are highly available . 
  oh no , i 'm so scared ... 
  i never said it 's okay . 
  i just believe that in a capitalistic society any employer has the right to chose who to hire . 
  he can say `` oh well i do n't like people with large feet . 
  i 'm not going to hire them '' . 
  his workplace , his demands . 
  i felt so sad for greece . 
  it 's gon na be okay . 
  while i do not like the fact that these people are being discriminated against i do have to admit that it is the boss ' choice to hire people . 
  nobody forced them to go to sweden . 
  since they went there they should put up with what they 've got and gtfo if they do n't like it . 
  that 's the ugly truth . 
  i 'll just be honest-i want to help our business . 
  and i believe i do n't regret it . 
  from my experience european stuff has bigger quality . 
  i 'm still willing to pay more for a quality product than less for a piece of garbage . 
  say have you wondered why it 's called `` illegal immigration '' ? 
  because it 's illegal . 
  and when you do something illegal , you are a criminal . 
  when you are a criminal , you are to be treated as such . 
  maybe they should have immigrated legally . 
  maybe they should have went to their italian embassy or something . 
  but i do agree these centers should be at least reduced . 
  while these people are locked up in there the tax payer pays for their food and water . 
  deport them right away . 
  you have been proven wrong over the internet . 
  you hate my beliefs because they are different than yours . 
  i argue them the way i desire to . 
  i do n't give up because i 'm right . 
  i accept defeat when i have to . 
  i am not intellectually superior nor have i ever said so-i 'm just right now . 
  it 's okay though-in life we ca n't like anyone . 
  i just think hate is a strong word for someone whom you merely know . 
  both of us do not view the universe . 
  the universe is vast . 
  the universe does n't know about this discussion , the universe does n't care about the raped girl either . 
  i do not piss people off . 
  you are pissed off , and maybe so is some other fellow . 
  by the rating of my comment so far i think that most people have agreed with it . 
  a debate is convincing the onlookers . 
  you did n't and obviously , out of the people who have read what we wrote , most agree with me . 
   the glorious master race nice knowing your true nature . 
  to anyone reading this : note that in our discussion i have never mentioned the word race . 
  what i said was immigrants-immigrants ca be white . 
  you are twisting what i said so you can just call me racist . 
  because if you do that somehow you won the debate . 
  but no . 
  i never said a word about race nor did i ever say anything about anyone being the master race . 
  you said that and you 're trying to make it look as if i was the one who said it . 
  you are a prick . 
  i will admit you are right . 
  i expressed myself badly . 
  english is not my mother tongue so such mistakes are bound to happen . 
  really i 'm sorry to have expressed myself badly . 
  of course you hate me . 
  that 's your little defense mechanism . 
  you know you lost the argument although you are right that i did not express myself brightly . 
  but you know that is a person with no opinion were to read this , he 'd agree with me . 
  i 'm not the only one pushing my ideas . 
  so are you . 
  you are no better than me-i do n't like multiculturalism and you do-we both write comments expressing our opinions and i see nothing wrong about it . 
  emotions are essential . 
  let 's be objective about this though-what we see is a raped girl and a couple of dangerous guys in the streets who got pretty mild punishment . 
  how is that comment relevant ? 
   how come these individuals are often from poor suburbs ? 
  & how come these individuals are often poorly educated ? 
  immigrants are poorer because they are less educated . 
  those questions are related . 
  according to my research education in sweden is free for both citizens and non-citizens . 
  so if they wanted to be educated nothing would stop them-i mean it is free . 
  money would n't be a problem . 
  if they were educated they would n't be as poor . 
  that is their problem-swedes got them free education-they just have to use it . 
  they obviously do n't . 
   how come these individuals often have worse job opportunities than ` traditional ' looking natives ? 
  probably because they are less educated ? 
  and if you are saying that people of two races with the same education have different job opportunities i think you should prove it . 
  i do n't buy that for a minute until you provide some trust worthy source . 
   how come these individuals are often marginalized in society compared to their ` native ' looking peers ? 
  as people in / r/latvianjokes would say : such is life . 
  life is n't always fair . 
  when they went to sweden ( or any country for that matter ) they agreed to the terms and conditions of the locals . 
  nobody asked them to go there so they may as well get used to it or gtfo . 
  my numbers are figurative . 
  edit : you did n't answer my question . 
  are you kidding me ?
