  thus he will be a valuable contribution to society not dead weight to be supported . 
  i am sick and tired of the general belief that * have to * accept them . 
  it 's our continent and we should accept people in it as we see fit . 
  well try forming something with a bunch of morons such as mister grillo . 
  you do n't have to be a part of a right group to criticize immigration policies . 
  immigrants are supposed to help the economies of the countries they got to . 
  not claim benefit over nothing like they do . 
  ok not all but a big part . 
  you ca n't just get on your boat land in europe and start exploiting the local resources . 
  well i have two mother languages both from europe . 
  somebody already spoke of italian so i 'll go with bulgarian . 
  a southern slavic language . 
  similar to serbian and macedonian is the same as the bulgarian people speak in the south-west of the country ( it 's a whole history debate here but whatever ) . 
  one would find it similar to russian but we have differences . 
  it sounds great and is very poetic although it 's also awesome for swearing . 
  the cyrillic alphabet is used ( and was indeed created here ) . 
  everything has it 's gender and all . 
  instead of `` the '' we put - \u044a\u0442 in the end of the word that does the action . 
  many bulgarians do n't even understand how this works . 
  since it 's one of the oldest european languages ( together with the country ) it has changed a lot throughout years . 
  although bulgaria was enslave by the ottoman empire the language was kept pure and slavic with almost no turkish . 
  100 years do n't clear 500 . 
  you should know that . 
  what do n't you get my friend ? 
  great albania ? 
  is that a joke or something ? 
  the serbian guy who is a little racist !, 
  that 's why i like serbs . 
  * high five *, 
  well would n't really say turks are very well integrated . 
  although there no ethnic clashes in villages around kardzhali there are turks who do n't know bulgarian . 
  plus the news in turkish . 
  well the balkans are sort of fucked up thanks to the turks and all . 
  so you basically have the same problem serbs have with muslims from kosovo or bosnia and what bulgarians have with turks ? 
  in italy there is a huge albanian ethnic group ( immigrants ) and i think i know how you feel to some extent . 
  any `` macedonians '' to clear the situation here ? 
  no thank you . 
  if they want to keep their culture they can go back to their countries where they can enjoy it all day long . 
  also the realistic one . 
  i will say the truth no matter if it might sound racist . 
  if i say that men are generally stronger than women is that sexist ? 
  no , it 's the truth . 
  usually immigrants from eastern europe come to find a job and are easy to integrate . 
  unlike african and asian immigrants who come for the welfare and many of them become criminals . 
  yep looks like you got it right ... oh the irony ... oh and come on . 
  well know what is really going on especially with romania and bulgaria . 
  it 's not you . 
  it 's the gypsies . 
  african and asian immigration are much much scarier . 
  oh god the bullshit ... 
  there is a north-south conflict in italy . 
  now i 'm from the north but i 'll do my best to not be subjective . 
  northern italians say for the people from the south : they are lazy , short , noisy , irritating and slightly arabic ( since they mostly have darker hair , skin etc. ) . 
  some people want the country divided . 
  also some extreme northern italians call southern italy africa . 
  a leader of a party said the the unification of italy was n't actually a unification of italy , but a separation of africa . 
  southern italians say for the northern italians : they ( we ) are cold , unfriendly , ex-tedeschi ( ex-germans ) that act like some big deal but are actually depressed and ca n't talk about their problems . 
  edit : just in case i do realize that most people do n't think these things . 
  i just think those are the regular stereotypes . 
  they may take our eu membership ... but they will never take our freedom !!, 
  not really . 
  i said that in a moment of anger . 
  whatever i will not argue here anymore . 
  just this one thing . 
  i do not give an unrealistic degree of power to the average citizen . 
  if something is bad you fix it , you do not run away from it . 
  think about the french revolution . 
  well if you do n't want to be part of that nation gtfo . 
  if they do n't like it they should stay in their country and make it better . 
  well burning the flag is burning the honor of many people . 
  believe it or not some value their honor more than their life . 
  well go ahead and burn a flag if you that is going to make you awesome as fuck and prove a point to me . 
  that will surely happen . 
  you are not wrong . 
  to us ( or at least me and the people i know ) if you are black/arab/asian it does n't matter if your has lived here for 1000 years . 
  you 're an immigrant . 
  well is n't like african culture like african science ? 
  it does n't exist . 
  well if they are ready to leave their country they should leave everything behind and be assimilated . 
  otherwise they can stay there . 
  it 's different though . 
  to be honest every american is an immigrant from europe , asia ( not so many from there ) or africa ( who were brought by force . 
  the native population is too small . 
  since you are a nation consisted of immigrants and their descendants it 's only logical that you are more accepting . 
  we , on the other hand , are the native population that is threatened to have the same future as native americans , although through other means . 
  `` african culture '' please explain what that is . 
  i see you talk like that because you live in an area where you do n't have to deal with immigrants . 
  you are right . 
  i did n't express myself well . 
  i do not care for the us . 
  in multiple eu countries it 's a crime . 
  well if you do n't respect your nation you do n't respect yourself . 
  you are part of that nation . 
  if you 're an immigrant who disrespects the nation than what are you doing there in the first place ? 
  it 's both emotional and rational . 
  so if you see fit protesting by killing infants that is ok ? 
  i mean the military burning the flag . 
  it 's not protest . 
  burning your flag is disrespecting your nation . 
  rally against the government all you want but do n't destroy the items that represent the nation .
