  no , they wo n't attack . 
  i know that you 've seen way too much hollywood propaganda about the russians but it 's just bullshit . 
  believe it or not the russians are peaceful people since ww2 . 
  just check any of the big cold war hot spots , korea , vietnam , the 1962 cuban missile crisis . 
  not one russian soldier was ever deployed there . 
  besides right now , knowing how the population of russia is melting like spring snow i do n't think they want a war . 
  they are n't shady . 
  i know plenty of russians and most of them are good people . 
  as a matter of fact i personally feel the russians closer to us than the americans . 
   also are n't you the guy who believes gypsies are genetically inferior ? 
  no ... why ? 
  oh i 'm sorry that makes perfect sense . 
  well in case they said she was n't raped , how do they know she had sex outside of marriage ? 
  and if they do admit she was raped how can they sue her for sex outside of marriage ? 
  i 'm still amazed that some countries have such barbaric laws . 
  how is this relevant ? 
   ' i received the harshest sentence for sex outside marriage , harshest sentence for drinking alcohol and on top of that i was found guilty of perjury , ' i did not know drinking and sex outside of marriage are illegal . 
  by the way how can she be both judged for sex outside marriage and perjury ? 
  i mean if you say perjury then you say she was n't really raped . 
  but then the sex outside of marriage implies she really was raped . 
  i do n't get it ... please someone elaborate . 
  well do n't you look silly now ? 
  seems like you 're the only one who jumped to conclusions . 
  i personally find it humiliating that they are having troops and bases over here . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i think we do n't have forces there . 
  what we 're some babies who ca n't defend themselves ? 
  dear us , the thing is war will probably not start anytime soon . 
  none of your enemies actually care about us nor do they want to attack us . 
  we 're talking north korea and middle eastern countries . 
  i think that if needed we can handle an invasion , which is very very unlikely to happen . 
  and even if we do n't i 'm sure we can hold the enemy off for some time until you come and save us . 
  no one wants to harm your self-proclaimed hero status but you do n't need these bases . 
  you pay for them , we do n't need them . 
  i think of nato as an outdated thing . 
  it was needed when the cold war was still a thing . 
  you see in this article russia is mentioned as some possible threat to us . 
  which is not true . 
  we buy their products , they buy ours . 
  sure , there is still some distance between us but we have rather good economical bonds . 
  they wo n't attack us . 
  why would they do that ? 
  apart from the fact that it would be a quite stupid move economically wise , i do not see one solid reason for them to attack . 
  believe it or not russians do n't want to send their soldiers to death ( unlike you ) . 
  the middle east is not a problem . 
  i do n't see why they 'd attack us either . 
  and north korea is a joke anyways . 
  actually if you had spent 5 minutes reading the article you would realize it 's primarily directed to americans and it 's pro nato and pro-us bases . 
  [ wait ... ? 
  anders breivik-kills 77 people gets 21 years in prison . 
  this guy killed one person and still got 21 years of prison . 
  i know this is somewhat irrelevant but the fuck is wrong with norway 's laws ^ not ^ like ^ i 'm ^ the ^ one ^ to ^ speak ^ but ^ you ^ get ^ me . 
  i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  sometimes it 's really cute how people think they can actually be integrated . 
  hey , i 'm with you . 
  do as you wish  . 
  the only one i can recall for italy is [ `` italy : love it or leave it ! '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnyfhsi5tpc ) . 
  it 's like ... meh . 
  i found it really depressing and a lot of it was bullshit . 
  but it ' watchable . 
  not so suited for foreigners though / but something really worth watching is a norwegian documentary [ hjernevask ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hjernevask ) . 
  you should see it . 
  it 's like 7 or 8 movies about social structures . 
  basically it 's about the nature or nurture debate and all . 
  this survey was made what , a month ago ? 
  so in a month we get about 1500 subscribers right ? 
  by that logic 40k will be reached in about 6 months . 
  that 's half a year . 
  that means december or january . 
  but hey you know what 's best . 
   ( which wo n't happen at the next 10k mark -- but much later ) why so ? 
  slavic country of eastern europe . 
  capital is kiev . 
  they use the cyrillic alphabet like the russians , bulgarians and others although they have strangely adopted the letter `` i '' . 
  there is a considerable amount of bulgarians there . 
  the country is slavic orthodox . 
  formerly ussr country and from what i 've been hearing they do n't really love russians . 
  pretty good at many sports , especially box ( klitschko brothers ) and rhythmic gymnastics ( which goes for almost any former warsaw country , except poland that is ) . 
  much like most countries in europe ( especially eastern ) the population is decreasing ) . 
  if i remember correctly a ukrainian made the first passenger airplane . 
  i think his name is oleg antonov . 
  they compose a big ethnic minority in italy . 
  that is how i see it . 
  is that bush ? 
  and why are you showing me a high quality picture of michele obama ? 
  jokes aside all a non-racist person should see in this picture is two people who are given animal features . 
  if you really claim that you are n't racist you should see that those are two people made to look as monkeys . 
  if you are offended here-you 're the racist one . 
  yes the doctor comparison is okay . 
  he may cure gay people but he does n't have to like them . 
  same goes for the minister-he might not like black people but he might be a financial genius and help the country . 
  hate speech is speech and you should feel free to express it . 
  a greek once said that truth is born in debate . 
  if people fear having a debate because they will be branded bigots or whatever then where will truth come from ? 
  if the so respected ms * kyenge * feels offended she may , essentially , fuck off . 
  so one guy has a bad opinion on her ? 
  she has to suck it up . 
  hiding our feelings because someone may be offended is stupid . 
  something she can do is do a great job as a minister and shut his mouth . 
  but no , she was assigned to screw italy over , basically . 
  i am against this whole new institution and the race of a useless person who is feeding off of my taxes to do a job that at best wo n't accomplish anything is a bad idea .
