  there are but it 's not in massive numbers . 
   your farms running which is completely false . 
  farms in italy work in a different way than the rest of europe since the times of mussolini . 
  compared to the rest of europe it does . 
  maybe that too . 
  blame the romans . 
  when the conquered germany and england they put the tribes in the same group . 
  yes . 
  because all of these nations ( germans , swedes , brits ) , anything up north really is considered germanic ethnicity just like most easter european countries ( russians , serbs , bulgarians , ukranians , poles ) are considered slavic ethnicity . 
  well i have n't done anything wrong here anyway and i 'm pretty sure anyone can draw that conclusion . 
  you deserve to be offended . 
  how can you claim that italy does n't have high unemployment ? 
  by the way thank you for letting me know . 
  you are retarded . 
  is the fact that italy has high unemployment a claim without base ? 
  is it a baseless claim that many migrants go for that kind of business ? 
  wake up please . 
  they find work which is quite often a burden to our society . 
  i do n't know about other countries but here you often see immigrants selling cheap bags on the streets . 
  i do not think that this profession helps society a whole lot . 
  italy 's unemployment rate is high , especially in the south . 
  maybe we should concentrate on finding jobs for the italians who are unemployed , not for immigrants . 
  also-their children refuse to go to school quite often and when they do i can assure that they usually do much worse that the indigenous population . 
  you 're living in an utopia . 
  one that does n't exist . 
  for example communism is an utopia that ca n't exist and people tried to achieve it . 
  they failed miserably and they suffer to this day for those mistakes . 
  are we repeating mistakes from the past ? 
   vaeldr is a far-right nationalist duh , let me just get my nazi flag . 
   he believes that corporations should be able to discriminate based on ethnicity no , i do n't . 
  yeah in the long term i do n't have to pay for * those * migrants . 
  they will get deported at some point and i do n't have to pay for them anymore . 
  but you know what ? 
  more will come and i will start paying for them . 
  my pocket does n't care if it 's ahmed or mehmed . 
  i still pay . 
   also , there 's the fact that we owe them human decency , the right to live and their dignity . 
  i agree . 
  we owe them their dignity . 
  to every human . 
  but maybe they should keep their dignity by not becoming criminals and coming here . 
  they give away their dignity . 
  how can we owe them something they threw away ? 
  you have a point . 
  yeah sure let 's vote for the far-right . 
  you see this is the problem-either you have to chose the far right which are idiots and will probably take away many freedoms or for the other idiots who want us to pay for those immigrants to whom we do n't owe anything . 
  i really hope this is a joke . 
  this is pure arrogance . 
  not only you try to migrate illegally against our laws but also think we have an obligation to help you . 
  a small country surrounded by italy ( south ) , austria and lichtenstein ( west ) , germany ( north ) , france ( west ) . 
  de facto capital is bern . 
  a big population for it 's territory . 
  three big ethnic groups - italians , germans and french . 
  the languages of these 3 ethnic groups are all official . 
  as you said a big history of neutrality . 
  even nazi germany did n't invade them . 
  one of the richest countries in europe and the world . 
  lots of banks . 
  as i said-today 's bulgarians , genetically have little to do with their ancestors although many like to claim so . 
  that is one of the theories . 
  there was a theory that they were mongols too . 
  which is completely false . 
  bulgarians are quite light.they are n't scandinavian light but you can see many blond people , blue eyed people in bulgaria . 
  my impression is that about half the people ( that is excluding the gypsy and the turkish minorities ) have light eyes and are pretty light skinned . 
  your average bulgarian is a typical southern slav like the croatians , serbs , macedonians . 
  they on the other hand are not much different than russians . 
  maybe just darker hairs . 
  bulgarians have typical european features apart from color-small noses , big eyes , normal faces , small lips . 
  as of height bulgarians are not much diverse from most europeans . 
  greeks are also not in the same category as turks . 
  first of all there are light people in greece . 
  it is true that the big part are darker skinned but greeks also have the facial features of europeans . 
  turks are a whole different thing . 
  they are mostly short , dark with big lips long long eyes ( although much less than asians ) , huge asses and all . 
  turks look much more like arabs than any europeans . 
  the reason you see an european looking turk once in a while is because the turks had enslaved the southern slavs ( than includes the bulgarians fyi ) and took many women and men into slavery so some lighter genes stayed . 
  what ? 
  so how do they look in your opinion ? 
  i 'd understand if you ca n't tell bulgarians apart from serbs or macedonians but from turks and greeks ? 
  this claim is ... completely false . 
  it was a theory but honestly today there are almost no proto-bulgarians left . 
  slavic people in the region were much more in numbers so proto-bulgarians mixed with them and almost disappeared . 
  the last fully proto-bulgarian ruler was krum . 
  everyone from then on had more and more slavic blood . 
  proto-bulgarians were a ruling minority so most of them were part of the ruling elite which boris 1 killed because they would n't accept christianity . 
  on top of that the proto-bulgarians were n't even a turkish tribe . 
  again i do not think you can qualify someone as a `` true '' bulgarian ( or any other nation ) . 
  i ca n't even understand the concept of `` true bulgarian '' . 
  i was referring to the gypsies in that statement . 
  and many turks . 
  kostov looks kind of like a gypsy . 
  i do n't see how turkey can cut all ties with the rest of us . 
  european countries are a huge buyer from turkey and a seller to turkey . 
  now if the ties are cut life in europe would n't change much but it will destroy the turkish economy . 
  what ? 
  bulgarians are very recognizable from the other two major ethnic groups in the country ( gypsies and turks ) . 
  i do n't know why they added true , but the ethnic bulgarian is exactly what you described-native slavic speaker who is a christian ( or an atheist ) . 
  bulgarians are even physically recognizable from the other groups ( as they are much lighter ) . 
  so that is as it concerns ethnicity . 
  as of nationality the turks and the gypsies are also bulgarian .
