  with all this said i highly doubt even the british , who are known as the best soldiers btw , can compete with russia . 
  and france ? 
  come on . 
  i still think russia is highly underestimated . 
  anyway even if their army is n't as strong as i think russia would still be a valuable contribution to the eu due to the fact it has a lot of resources and russia 's resources can grant the eu absolute , 100 % , self-sufficiency . 
  plus they are european , and i think they belong in the eu with the rest of us . 
  actually russia is not that much of a superpower anymore . 
  their hdi and gdp are lower than the leading eu countries . 
  what they do have is a very strong military though . 
  and then , we 're still allies with america and canada too . 
  the old cold war grudges must be forgotten . 
  europe + north america must basically unite in order to be competition to china and asia in general . 
  also to be honest europe 's population ( and i mean the continent not the eu ) is 739,165,030 people . 
  the us has 316,444,000 . 
  and canada has 33,476,688 people . 
  all of us together still have a smaller population than china or india ( maybe now and certainly in the future ) alone . 
  yeah , and then they changed them back to whatever they liked . 
  like my comment so the foreigners think i said something interesting . 
  btw ivan stoyanov is a bulgarian name and the guy has kind of european features but his wife and family are obviously either turks or gypsies . 
  obviously turks . 
  never met an / r/europe subscriber in real life . 
  but a friend showed me reddit so i know one redditor . 
  the top comment ... 
  i though cyprus was sucking it ... did i get something wrong ? 
  right which is the same as your experience with italians . 
  plus it 's not just mine . 
  many people think brits are the worst tourists . 
  from my experiences they are the worse ones together with americans . 
  really ? 
  in italy and i 'm pretty sure every big tourist destination brits are known for being bad-mannered but i have n't classified the whole nation . 
  why did you get offended ? 
  i like british culture , i like many british things . 
  i just do n't like the food , and i think many people do n't . 
  personal taste really . 
  also , according to caesar 's stories the tribes on the british islands were in fact the bloodiest savages of all tribes he had ever met in europe so go figure . 
   he sold his horse and carriage for the equivalent of 400 euros . 
  i 'm sure a person who 's primal income came from a horse and a carriage was very qualified and germany truly missed a potential valuable contribution to it 's society . 
   beautiful wife aliya and his two clever , grown sons , sevgin and sevdin . 
  no this article is n't biased or something . 
  for the record these are n't even bulgarian names . 
  probably because most kids do n't own their own money to gamble with and have no idea about the value of money . 
  it 's pretty bad . 
   they complain about the food everywhere they get which is really weird considering british cuisine . 
   really ? 
  i do n't think you know russia very well then ... 
  they most certainly do beat up and/or kill homosexuals in russia !, 
  but it 's not legal to kill someone for being gay . 
  unlike in sharia countries . 
  so because it 's recent it 's different ? 
  take iran and russia . 
  we have two countries who discriminate against gays ( one worse than the other ) . 
  so what is the laws are recent ? 
  it 's discrimination anyway . 
  really ? 
  russia 's wars against the chechens are much like america 's war on terrorism . 
  the chechens were terrorists . 
  okay . 
  let me stop you right there . 
  what you 're talking about is discrimination both towards the russians and the arabs . 
  you discriminate on the russians because you only bully them out of many like them ( and much worse ) . 
  and you discriminate the arabs because you 're not giving it a chance and you 're basically writing them out . 
  you are prejudiced that they ca n't and wo n't change . 
  it 's also unfair to arab gays . 
  yes , there are arab gays , just as much as everywhere else , they are just scared to express it because if they do they 'll die . 
  at least that 's not the case in russia . 
  so you are focusing on the society that is more tolerant to gay people than the other intolerant ones . 
  an then you talk about stopping discrimination against gays , while you discriminate people in entire countries . 
  that is a hypocrisy . 
  best case scenario you anger the russians and make them even more decisive . 
  also , are you saying that saudi arabia or iran are lost causes ? 
  he said russia is worse than turkey . 
  i just pointed out one aspect in which it is n't . 
  this is n't a kurdistan vs. turkey comment . 
  i was just saying that is some instances turkey is not better than russia . 
  yeah . 
  i meant all of the muslim countries that oppress gay people . 
  which is the majority of muslim countries . 
  seems like i missed to specify that because i though it was obvious . 
  you know damn well i 'm not talking about turkey , but about countries like iran , iraq etc. 
  also turkey is a hell for kurds so yeah , it 's pretty bad . 
  russia is only homophobic and considering people of the usa stand with posters `` god hates fags '' i do n't think it 's fair to only judge russia . 
  rather all of them . 
  otherwise you 're just like a high school bully picking on some people and not on others . 
  while i disagree with russia 's laws on gay people i have to ask why do n't you do something similar to all of the muslim countries ' embassies ? 
  they are much worse to gays for the record . 
  if you 're going to be a defendant of someone 's right than defend them from anyone . 
  these politicians are so fucking stupid . 
  well if nobody really gets to claim being descendants of the middle easterners back then . 
  the people who inhabit the middle east now are completely different . 
  europeans were n't warlike people , not more than anyone else . 
  africans were at constant war with each other all of the time and so were asians and indians . 
  but they did n't have significant enough weapons to make it as noticeable as european wars . 
  asia is fertile , america is fertile . 
  and by the way so are parts of africa . 
  i mean yeah the desert is n't but anything else is very fertile . 
  more fertile than most european countries especially such as denmark . 
  it 's not about fertility . 
  well it 's true that the bad moments are n't talked about as much . 
  but we still do hear about them . 
  like you do n't talk a lot about the creation of fascism but they tell you it happened .
