  she should have stayed an eye doctor ( or whatever ) - she would have been much more helpful . 
  another person who does useless work ( if any ) and takes money right out of the taxpayers pocket to feed himself ( in this case herself ) and her useless part of the government . 
  exactly , you are nobody to judge morality . 
  your judging bothers me because you decided to share it with the rest of us , that 's all . 
  if you say something you should defend it . 
  ignoring these things is not naive . 
  what if the best doctor in the world happens to be a homophobe ? 
  does that make him less of a doctor ? 
  same goes for politicians . 
  he might serve our interests pretty damn well if you ask me . 
  plus a good thing about italy is that you 're not afraid to speak your mind . 
  you can just say it . 
  do you think far right-wing politicians of other nations do n't think that ? 
  yes they do , they are just scared to say it and i appreciate the freedom of speech italy has . 
  although this particular individual has shown he 's an idiot . 
  however it was not in this instance . 
  so the fact that kyenge looks like an orangutan to him makes him stupid ? 
  well he looks kind of like a pig to me , does that make me stupid ? 
  he just found that some person has features of an animal in his opinion . 
  do n't get me wrong-this guy is dumb as fuck but his dumbness is not defined by this comment an it never can be . 
  i disagree . 
  first of all you are nobody to judge their moral-they have their belief that seem false to the general public , whatever . 
  they may be controversial . 
  but let me tell you this : i do n't care if the guy is the most intolerant homophobic , racist , masculanist/feminist douche bag on earth . 
  to me the only thing important is that he does his job well-which is not the case here but as i said - a person 's beliefs , although controversial , do n't mean he is unable to do his job well . 
  how is the economical crisis in any way related to the fact that some senator has an opinion that differs from what is accepted ? 
  i am hearings they have of many potato there . 
  i mean how do you apply and all that stuff ? 
  how do you erasmus ? 
  according to wikipedia link that / u/umsakis provioded only the netherlands beats denmark . 
  i guess i was wrong but if i remember correctly i read some article about the danish being the tallest , so i guess it got stuck in my head . 
  anyway , i 'll fix it . 
  not a very big country ( that is if you do n't consider greenland ) north of germany . 
  nordic . 
  together they had the awesomest vikings ( together with norway ) . 
  very expensive from what i know but the hdi is really high so they live pretty damn well . 
  speaking of high , danish people are ~ ~ the tallest in the world ~ ~ the second tallest in the world with an average of about 1.82 m. 
  it 's a good thing they are tall though because if the ice continues to melt , denmark is gon na have a bad time under water . 
  andersen is from there . 
  a kingdom . 
  not so much of a fact about denmark but i found it very interesting the built a bridge between copenhagen ( denmark ) and malmo ( sweden ) . 
  i 'm sorry but no . 
  i know it 's quite accepted to think of the bible as if it 's as violent as the qur ` ran but it 's not . 
  as a matter of fact christianity is one of the most peaceful religions . 
  i have noticed that a lot of people make no difference whatsoever between the new and the old testament . 
  judaism follows the old one and christianity is the new one . 
  the new testament is all about `` if you get slapped on one cheek , give the other . '', 
  islam is , indeed , the most violent religion . 
  because you see christianity never suggest anything similar to jihad . 
  besides even if the bible was as violent as the qur ` ran ( which it is not ) we see that in the modern times that christian countries are all accepting and tolerant . 
  unlike muslim countries where the sharia suggests that a woman deserves to be stoned to death for being raped . 
  i can never respect islam . 
  i respect buddhism , because buddhism is pretty nice and it can teach you lots of things . 
  but islam is ... evil . 
  it 's basically because of islam that i have to take my shoes off and be treated as a criminal at the airport . 
  yes , i am islamophobic in the real meaning of the word ( phobia means fear ) . 
  i am afraid of islam , i am afraid that the plain i 'm in may be kidnapped , i 'm afraid that i might be taken hostage in a theater , i 'm afraid that a plane may crash in my building , i am scared that one day my daughter may not be allowed to show her face , i am afraid that the subway i use may get blown up . 
  and do n't get me wrong-i am not a christian who is defending his religion . 
  i 'm atheist and i know how stupid some christian beliefs are , trust me . 
  but unlike most atheist i do n't feel superior to people who believe and i have actually taken of my time to study religions . 
  so it is that i have come to the understanding that islam is by far the worst religion that is alive and well to this day . 
  well maybe because the same exact thing may happen to southern bulgaria , especially in the kardzhali area . 
  it 's about solidarity , really . 
  except terrorism . 
  but you know what 's worse than terrorism ? 
  a bad writer . 
  ooops , i might have been on the wrong this time . ^ do n't ^ kill ^ me, 
  ` taly . 
  oh the irony . 
  yeah , it 's called the sharia . 
  pretty grotesque . 
  i do though . 
  you are justifying the fact that they breed like rabbits . 
  why is it necessary they reproduce ? 
   you breed more children to increase the chances of them surviving why are you supposed to have hem in the first place ? 
  also in / r/latvianjokes . 
  no , i would not bring a child to this world knowing i will doom it to suffering just to watch out for my old useless ass . 
  i will just die or something . 
  hey i never said america does n't deserve respect . 
  most americans do n't but some do . 
  i do n't hate america . 
  but my country gave a lot to world as well . 
  in technology as well if you wish . 
  da vinci had schemes of tanks and helicopters . 
  do you even know who marconi and meucci are ? 
  they did a lot for technology . 
  search them and know them . 
  what about the space explorers ? 
  so we did n't reach space ( and neither did you ) first but we gave a go to that science . 
  we did so much for techonology it 's unbelievable . 
  to this day some of the fastest cars are italian . 
  we do n't see american cars anywhere near to ferrari or mercedes on f1 now do we ? 
  so yeah , we created fascism . 
  germans were nazis . 
  so what ? 
  we gave the world a bit of shitty things . 
  so did you . 
  what will you say about slavery or the second atomic bomb in ww2 ( by the way the `` father of the atomic bomb '' is italian ) ? 
  you are , to this day , bullies . 
  you 're the bad guys .
