  big dicks , [ apparently ] ( http://lucysfootball.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/world-map-of-the-penis-size-worldwide-country-by-country-targetmap.png ) . 
  they think their language is awesome . 
  many people seem to agree . 
  i do n't . 
  the only time they were actually decent warriors was when their general was italian ( yes corsica is italian :d ) . 
  they think they have great food . 
  in comparison to most other countries , it 's true . 
  they are our second biggest perceived rival ( after the germans obviously ) . 
  most of south french clay must into italy . 
  i did n't even know we still have jews . 
  basically it does . 
  * super offended *, 
  reminds me of the times he said mussolini did a good job . 
  yup . 
  actually you 'd be surprised at how many italians see every scandinavian as a potential murderer because the general consensus seems to be `` no sun = depression = murderers '' . 
  corruption is not correlated with killing people . 
  besides the corruption ( while obviously higher than in northern countries ) is also kind of exaggerated . 
  i blame hollywood . 
  i have a special place in my heart filled with hate for almost every american movie/show that is about italians ( classics like the godfather aside ) and for their casts such as the fellows in jersey shore . 
  um no i do n't think so . 
  we also have immigrant gang fights and bikers and all the shit you can come up with . 
  i doubt that 's the reason . 
  that italian mafia 's power is heavily exaggerated . 
  the were strong after ww2 ( mussolini did n't allow such shit ) to the 1990 's but they lost a lot of their influence after the whole mafia trial of borsellino , falcone , their deaths . 
  besides the main activity of the mafia is not killing people . 
  they sell drugs , they do frauds and all that but they rarely kill people unless said people really got on their nerves . 
  they would n't do anything to an average person . 
  add to that the fact that in northern italy the mafia is practically absent , and you get the picture . 
  fact of the matter is most of the homicide in italy comes from the same causes for homicide in northern countries-mostly domestic violence and mob law ( not sure if that 's the exact word ) . 
  yes , i 'm sorry i 'm shocked at unprovoked murder . 
  how dare i ? 
  i was n't even born in the 70 's . 
  how would what happened in the 70 's be any of my life experience ? 
  plus today italy has a pretty damn low homicide rate , the same as denmark , so it 's not like italians would be used to seeing people off each other . 
  i do n't know how things are in greece ( or wherever you are from ) but i can assure you that in italy for example calling someone a communist is a filthy word . 
  there was a video compilation of berlusconi calling his rivals communists . 
  we live is capitalism . 
  in our society there is division of classes . 
  different wages , and different respect towards one 's work . 
  people own property which is against the ideas of communism . 
  we value different kind of work differently . 
  the private sector actually exists . 
  these things are what defines communism . 
  communists do n't rule anywhere in europe . 
  on your last sentence you may be right . 
  a very leftist ( and yet not communist ) wave has taken rule over europe . 
  of course you 're right . 
  however seeing as they were members of a basically nazi party i doubt they were angels . 
  but it really made me kind of sad . 
  by the way should n't you tag this nsfw or something ? 
  i mean , it is murder . 
  wow . 
  two people each with their own inspirations , hopes and beliefs . 
  they were sitting and talking to someone . 
  they did n't know they 'd die . 
  and in the blink of an eye , they 're dead . 
  gone forever . 
  how easy it is to take someone 's life . 
  some of you may say they were bad , evil people , and you 'd probably be right but still ... kind of makes you sick . 
  seems too yugoslavia centered . 
  barely anything on greece and albania , nothing on bulgaria and romania . 
  the army payed them . 
  they just used the money . 
  then at some point they would just change their mind and attack rome . 
  it was n't the army . 
  it was barbarians who were allowed into the army . 
  then they would just split with the army and attack roman land . 
  which part of : the got hold of key positions and places in the army which led to the slow destruction of rome , because the institutions went corrupt and eventually the new roman army ( composed of barbarians ) turned on rome and destroyed it . 
  of course not . 
  no , they would have tried to destroy it anyway . 
  i 'm just saying they should not have been trusted . 
  and if they were n't trusted then maybe events would go differently . 
  yeah america is a melting pot of european cultures . 
  you ca n't compare the already established cultures of italy , germany or england to the melting pot of them all . 
  we , unlike americans have already established cultures . 
  we could n't get along with each other 30 years ago . 
  definately not ready to face non-european cultures yet . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is : american culture is a mix of european cultures . 
  that is it 's core . 
  you ca n't compare how it works in america and here . 
  also , i though culture was the pc way of saying race now . 
  it was the same non-italians who became roman citizens that destroyed the empire . 
  i though i had . 
  well starts here i guess . 
  the romans were a very homogeneous society of italic tribes when rome was founded . 
  they had laws that massively benefited born romans . 
  rome was an unmached power in history , until this very day . 
  they conquered all of europe that was worth conquering ( in terms of resources ) , and africa and the middle east . 
  the roman army and institutions were saved exclusively for romans . 
  the empire smashed it 's enemies-from britons and spaniards to egyptians and persians . 
  however , in time , non-romans were allowed into power , were allowed to have important positions going as far as being emperors at some point . 
  emperor caracalla granted everyone within the roman empire with roman citizenship . 
  that allowed them access to the army and key positions . 
  that is the exact time when rome stopped expanding . 
  the armies started losing , the infrastructure went corrupt . 
  maybe . 
  however who ended officially the roman empire ? 
  those very same barbarians who were given roman citizenship . 
  people believe the huns , an outer threat ended rome which is untrue . 
  the huns were defeated .
