  just wow . 
  it is colonization . 
  all is fair in love and war . 
  i like how you call nuking japan a `` victory '' . 
  is it not the same ? 
   please do not let me stand in the way of your enjoyment of your fascist past . 
  have fun . 
  i do n't enjoy it . 
   did you really just called nazism a `` lucky circumstance '' ? 
  and did you just said that the jews ran to the us with all their money ? 
  do you even know how you sound right now ? 
  lucky for america . 
  if nazism had n't arisen in europe america would be a mediocre country , that is a fact . 
  unlucky for the rest of the world . 
  lucky for you . 
  and yes , it 's a known fact the jews held banks and such things and that 's where the money is . 
  many of those who escaped took their money with them bringing huge europeans capitals to the us . 
  it 's how things are . 
  the truth is that the jews that died in the holocaust were mostly the poorer unfortunate jews of europe . 
  the rich and powerful ones saved themselves-mostly in the us . 
   negative . 
  the brains behind it were einstein , oppenheimer and bethe . 
  fermi built the first reactor ( after he ran out of italy due to its ' fucked up racial laws ) . 
  is that why he 's called the `` father of the atomic bomb '' ? 
   negative . 
  they stole the plans from the us and did not have any nukes until the second half of 1949 , well after the fluid post-wwii borders have solidified . 
  proof ? 
  you do n't have any . 
  it 's true that they started making nukes in the 1950 's . 
  still after the 1950 's they started making more and bigger nukes than you . 
   xd i mean , sources please . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states be as kind as to see the gdp of each . 
   coming from an italian , that is really funny . 
  you guys got your asses handed to you by ethiopians in 1930s !, 
  so bad in fact that you had to use chemical weapons to achieve anything . 
  also , we whupped your ass all the way from sicily to the alps . 
  we are at least better than you , lol . 
  actually we beat ethiopians in the 1930 's which made us the only country to have ever colonized ethiopia . 
  it took you two years to get across italy , considering half of italy betrayed the other half and helped you . 
  we have many victories in the past and not only the ones of rome . 
  you have none . 
   you are mistaking us for australia homie . 
  australia was a place for convicts . 
  the unconvicted criminals running away from the law went to america . 
  the poor lowlifes who had nothing of worth also went to america . 
  and of course you got a few geniuses like fermi or einstein because of the lucky circumstances such as nazism and because you got better funding because of the european jews that ran there with all their money . 
  yeah , they would have turned us communist i do n't doubt that . 
  does n't change the fact that if it were n't for the soviet union we 'd all be fascists . 
  italy was not only a member of the axis . 
  italy also invented fascism . 
  you know what else ? 
  if it were n't for an italian you would n't have had your precious nukes so yeah . 
  the russians had nukes of their own , more and bigger than the us 's . 
  after 1960 's the eastern bloc could have wiped the floor with us militarily wise . 
  but they lost the economic war . 
  the us is not the greatest might . 
  in any way . 
  the eu has a stronger economy and as for your military the truth is that the american soldier is the weakest soldier the world has ever seen . 
  throughout your history ( which is granted like 200 years ) , you have never won a war on your own . 
  you think you are way more awesome than you actually are but you should know your actual place-the lowlifes and criminals of europe . 
  that or a bunch of people formerly enslaved by the europeans . 
   foisted on the europe by the us in 1945 . 
  or you deliberately ignoring everyone else who fought in that war ? 
  are you just ignoring the fact that the soviet union basically won that war or is the us education system made to spawn retards who actually think they won the war ? 
  do you honestly think the us is a `` greater might '' ? 
  do you think we fear you ? 
  we fear ourselves . 
  we can no longer permit ourselves war . 
  we are no longer the people who own the world . 
  we need to stick together now . 
  i do n't want united states of europe . 
  i want us to be really really good friends . 
  not necessarily brothers . 
  the first one is actually quite funny although i do n't see how italy 's economy was weak in the 1990 's ( or even now ) but whatever . 
  i do n't understand the second one . 
  also i think european can live together great , and i think that the usa is the ultimate social experiment that proves that . 
  go preaching you your pets , saudi arabia and israel , not to us . 
  when did they say it ? 
  in what context ? 
  send some article or something . 
  i forgot ... what happened with ze germans ? 
  no , it 's our business how we deal with things in our own homes . 
  maybe so but with time we 're becoming more united . 
  i may be a catholic cutpurse to them , i do n't know but they are not cold and distant to me . 
  i do n't see them that way . 
  wait a minute i 'm not even catholic ... 
  i do n't see how one is in the way of the other , but italian . 
  that , however , does n't make me any less european . 
  magna germania was conquered . 
  there is `` us '' in europe . 
  europeans . 
  how are they right ? 
  this is none of their business . 
  i think americans should stop judging us especially because we 're supposedly racist . 
  arminius was killed and defeated by the romans damn it . 
  by `` reclaim '' i do n't mean rome or italy ever ruled denmark . 
  it 's because lombards are considered to have come from denmark in some sources and veneti are also from that general area although a bit more to the east . 
  later both tribes are considered to have moved to italy after the fall of rome because of pressure of other tribes , namely huns and mongols . 
  so now we have lamradia and veneto as two of the most important regions of italy . 
  also , historically wise places colonized by the romans seem to have had profited by that so i do n't see why you are blessing arminius .
