  the ones who actually preserved roman and greek progress were not the muslims but the people of the eastern roman empire ( christians ) . 
  just no muslim will ever contribute to society . 
  if you 're stupid enough to be muslim i doubt you 're capable of much . 
   this law affects everyone , you are saying you want laws that target a specific ethnicity , and i am saying that 's wrong . 
  i do n't want to target anyone . 
  also , muslim is not an ethnicity . 
  there are muslims dark as nigh and white as milk . 
  and i do believe that if a christian is walking around with an all covered face in the street then the covering should be removed by the authorities . 
  well i do n't know what opportunity you 're talking of . 
  as we both very well know during the middle ages the arabic states were just like christian ones , if not better . 
  but these societies stopped evolving at that point while ours continued . 
  why ? 
  because the sharia imposes oppression and such things . 
  why do they lack democracy ? 
  because of the sharia . 
  why does the sharia exist ? 
  because of islam . 
  also christianity is truly a peaceful religion . 
  the new testament ( christianity ) teaches love and tolerance . 
  the old one ( judaism ) is more violent and people mix them up . 
  christianity is a very humane religion . 
  it was just twisted at some points . 
  well ignore these two countries . 
  all the rest is good . 
  there is not other civilization that accomplished this . 
  just western civilization . 
  no matter how you look at it europe is caput mundi . 
  as i said muslim countries like turkey are exceptions . 
  and the turks achieved what they did because they were in close contacts with the rest of europe . 
  europeans were their rivals and they had to keep up . 
  that 's why turkey is a nice country ( although not as good as the rest of europe ) . 
  turks were influenced by europeans . 
  okay so fuck it . 
  if that 's what needs to be done to survive then so be it . 
  your points are contradicting each other . 
  first you say it affects everyone and then you say it 's based on ethnicity . 
  so which one is it ? 
  also we are better than that ? 
  we are better than what ? 
  better than the muslims ? 
  damn straight we are and unless we want our countries into the same shitholes that muslim countries are ( except turkey and some former ussr republics ) we better do something about it . 
  have you wondered why all of the middle east is so shitty ? 
  because the people are stupid ? 
  it 's because of islam . 
  we would be fools if we do n't stop it from spreading . 
  also , i do n't preach anything . 
  i just want to live in my country , i want to cooperate with other countries that have reached the same level of moral decency ( other european countries ) . 
  i do n't give a fuck if they have democracy or not and frankly i do n't care about their existence either . 
  we are not the world police . 
  if they decide they want to change something than so be it but it 's none of our business . 
  i do n't want to have the sharia , i do n't want to live in a religious country , much less if it 's islamic . 
  i agree oppression is not the best way to solve problems . 
  again , though we are not oppressing anyone . 
  we are simply protecting our right to exist . 
  well that 's not true though . 
  neither of these are things that fully cover a face . 
  and some ( medical masks ) are used to protect other people or yourself . 
  also they are necessary . 
  i know people , especially with blue eyes , who get allergic reactions in their eyes from the sun . 
  sunglasses are necessary . 
  and i do n't give a fuck if it 's oppression . 
  they come to our countries on their own risks . 
  if they do n't like our laws and rules i hope the door does n't hit them on the way out . 
  it 's a privilege they are allowed in . 
  and it 's funny how we have to be all tolerant but muslim countries are hell to europeans and especially women . 
  when was the story about some raped norwegian woman was raped * and * jailed for being raped . 
  why do we have to be the good guys ? 
  also , things like these towels are oppressive and feed evil rituals such as honor killings . 
  it 's not oppression . 
  i would ban hijabs , brquas and all the other towels for security reasons . 
  if these people with covered faces do some crime , their face is covered and it 's harder to recognize them later . 
  also it embraces cultures that are oppressive towards women . 
  yeah but you do n't see the christians besieging police stations . 
  that 's the law . 
  if they do n't like it they are free to return to whatever country they or their ancestors came from . 
  not like anyone who 's a religious muslim is going to change the world for the better . 
  well at about the age when masturbations starts ( about 13 ) the parents should have the responsibility to talk to their children about it . 
  with or without porn this conversation is needed . 
  either that or sex-ed classes or the way it was in our case-we studied reproduction among mammals including humans and we had a few separate lessons in biology class about sex and sti 's and stuff . 
  also , while a 16 year old is no adult , we can agree it 's no child either . 
  in the eyes of the law you are an adult at 18 . 
  you ca n't say that a 16 year old has the same consciousness as a 7 year old , especially about sex . 
  capital is minsk former ussr republic . 
  it literally translates to white russia . 
  some weird dictator regime . 
  belarus ' leader and putin measure their dicks by fishing obviously . 
  buddies with russia . 
  pretty good at rhythmic gymnastics . 
  not sure if i should congratulate you or say i 'm sorry about it ... 
  well that does n't really mean anything . 
  the right wing is gaining more and more strength in almost every european country . 
  there are some people who obviously are n't . 
  i have no idea , that 's what i 'm asking . 
  it would explain it though . 
  the children thing is stupid . 
  every parent can in fact install a parental control on some sites . 
  besides if the child is old enough to search for porn ( let 's say 13 is an average age ) it 's old enough to watch it . 
  normal exploration of his/her own sexuality and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  while i agree that children should be kept away from porn we have to decide what children is . 
  a 16 year old is n't a child anymore .
