  wrong . 
  while there is islamification this map does n't present it in any way . 
  in italy for example the majority of foreign citizens are romanians , thus christians . 
  it 's surprising how small the number is for france . 
  do french laws give citizenship easy ? 
  cause from what i know there 's a lot of immigrants in france . 
  well i think the local of every country should have privilege in his own country . 
  i do accept fellow europeans but co-nationals come before other europeans . 
  i said chance are , not always . 
  maybe he should have taken action and reported whoever was tormenting him . 
  well of course he would be inferior to an italian . 
  and an italian would be inferior to a spaniard if he went to spain . 
  if i were an immigrant to germany i would never have the arrogance to want to be treated equally with germans in terms of job opportunities . 
  of course everyone would want to hire the native before the foreigner and chances are that if the foreigner was n't good enough to be the best in his country he wo n't be the best in the new one either . 
  with that said i find european immigrants 1000x more useful than non european ones . 
  okay wither i 'm high ( that is something i do n't know of ) or you just refuse to read my comment . 
   spanish immigrants would be much more useful which part of that is unclear to you ? 
  i said european immigrants integrate much better and faster and that they are more useful . 
  i said *** european immigrants are useful mostly because they have an education and understand other european cultures better . 
  they also tend to integrate much better *** which part of that is not understood ? 
  most of them are . 
  it 's like selecting light bulbs from suspicious sack . 
  some might be good but the vast majority is useless and there is not point in selecting the few ones that work because you already have them present ( natives ) also , i do n't compare a ghanaian to a spaniard . 
  i said the opposite . 
  i said that when the spaniard moves he already has things figured out and he probably has some education too . 
  that 's why spanish immigrants would be much more useful than african ones . 
  also , from my experience , european immigrants tend to integrate a lot better and faster ( considering many non europeans do n't integrate whatsoever ) . 
  and what is the european dream , huh ? 
  making europe an utopia for everyone else while the europeans are hungry and poor and unemployed ? 
  what is the european dream ? 
  to have the non-european immigrant give births to 5-6 children while the european can only have 1 because he is forced to support the 5 kids of the immigrant ? 
  is the european dream seeing decapitated men on the street ? 
  raped and killed women in the parks while we slowly die out ? 
  this may be your dream , but it 's not mine . 
  europe is light . 
  europe has always been light . 
  and now we see that light growing weaker and weaker . 
  i 'm not far-right . 
  i just think we do not need immigration . 
  we just do n't . 
  it does n't even help us . 
   italians also do these types of jobs in areas full of tourists you 'd be surprised how untrue that is . 
  i have never even in my life seen an italian do these kind of jobs that do n't even provide checks to the government . 
  you ca n't compare it to construction working since construction working is actually something useful that creates apartments . 
  and while there are non european migrants on construction most of them come from eastern europe . 
  also among the favorite businesses of immigrants is prostitution . 
  the difference between the spanish immigrant and the african one usually is that the spanish one has a plan on what to do before he moves to germany . 
  the african immigrants think more like `` let 's get on the boat to italy and then we 'll think about it '' . 
  also i find that source unreliable . 
   the number of unemployed persons amounted to 3.89 million  in june , italy 's adjusted unemployment rate fell to 12.1 the population of italy is about 59 million . 
  3.9 million do n't make 12 % of it . 
  simple mathematics . 
  point out if i missed anything here . 
  which one is it ? 
  it 's the one they do n't work and when they do they work useless jobs that italians could also do . 
  and you know what bla , bla , bla southern italy . 
  well i 'm from northern italy almost everyone i know has a good paying job even as a fishermen . 
  by talking about the social problems of southern italy you 're just sticking the knife deeper in our bleeding wounds . 
  do you think we do n't know that the southerners are n't as work loving ? 
  well here 's the shock we do know that and it 's an old wound . 
  but we still love them and they are good people , kind people . 
  people willing to help . 
  i would give a job to any southern italian who needs it instead of a person i have nothing in common with . 
  immigration is necessary in countries that do n't have enough working force and their economy needs it . 
  well this is not the case here . 
  we have the working force and i am sad for every cent that will go for an immigrant family instead of creating work spots in the south . 
  i do n't care if natives wo n't take the jobs in switzerland . 
  switzerland is not italy-it 's a small country that has figured out it 's problems and keeps a bunch of banks . 
  many people here will take the bad jobs . 
  i 'm not saying * all * immigrants do n't work . 
  of course they do . 
  but what is their job ? 
  with some exceptions ( our respected and beloved minister kyenge ) most do some useless jobs . 
  if you go around in bigger italian cities you will see immigrants selling cheap bags on the streets . 
  or selling badly made souvenirs on the beaches . 
  these are all jobs that contribute very little to the economy by taxes and it 's not hard to make tax fraud . 
  so i do n't consider these real jobs . 
  i still remember my last trip to milan . 
  it started raining and we had to but an umbrella . 
  suddenly you see this northern african selling umbrellas . 
  rain was strong and we had to buy one . 
  we got it for 8 and it costed no more than 4 . 
  no scontrino ( you know the little thing that actually says it 's sold ) which means he does not report his real profits to the financial ministery . 
  so he pays very little taxes and lives off fraud . 
  also i 'm not sure about the exact number but some time ago i read an article about how many homes the government provides for immigrants who do n't have enough income . 
  put that together with the social assistance the government offers to them because they have many children they ca n't support . 
  and all their `` contribution '' in reality does n't exist . 
  also are you sure there 's only 4 million unemployed people ? 
  i 'd like a source please , i really need it for personal use . 
  and that only adds to my point . 
  if there are so many unemployed we do n't need immigrants to support our economy since we are not lacking any work force . 
  italians can take all of these jobs . 
  the situation in switzerland is much different than here , obviously . 
  so does the american government . 
  that 's why they tried to make it official in the 70 's ( i think ) . 
  also nasa and your military use the metric because it 's more efficient . 
  well yeah . 
  the absolute refusal for integration is the big problem . 
  also the exploitation of the state which has become a culture among most immigrants . 
  yes .
