  if they decided that they wan to cross the sea and risk their lives that 's their problem . 
  not ours . 
  also remember what happened when italy actually gave them all passes to go in the eu ? 
  what happened then ? 
  you would n't accept them . 
  not britain , not france , not germany . 
  but italy has to . 
  really fair . 
  hey , i 'm not saying they deserve to die . 
  but when they get on a shitty boat , and travel across one of the biggest seas on earth , they are putting their own lives at risk . 
  and on top of that they do that in order to brake our laws . 
  i do n't care if their countries were shitty . 
  when france was shitty the french revolution happened . 
  maybe they should change their countries instead of infesting ours . 
  right , except you 're not the one paying their shelter and food when they land now are you ? 
  why are we rescuing them again ? 
  actually i have and i do n't think any of it is true . 
  of course they worked hard . 
  sadly sometimes it takes more than hard work , you also need talent . 
  you ca n't tell me that the only advantage europeans had on americans and africans was the guns . 
  by the 1600 's european societies were well ahead of everyone else . 
  right but the comparison is n't really fair . 
  we worked hard to achieve this . 
  funny ones . 
  go north !, 
  girls are blonder there !, 
  go north !, 
  beer is better there !, 
  yes , of course . 
  [ this ] ( http://theoriginalwinger.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/german-beer-girl.jpg ), 
  nordic country , capital is helsinki . 
  simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 , the white death . 
  cocktail molotov . 
  winter war . 
  one of the few nations who were actually able to beat the russians . 
  pretty solid vodka . 
  death metal . 
  best education in europe . 
  damn cold . 
  we needed agreements with israel so much !, 
  i 'm taking a wild guess that he said that the holocaust did n't happen . 
  i 'm just thinking the man is actually trolling and this is the peak of his career as a comedian . 
  then he 's gon na be all like . 
  hey , guess what i started spewing bullshit and i actually got to second place . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  so germany owes romania for oil and gas during ww2 ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/79694549@n05/8184840238/lightbox/ ) . 
  yeah and probably one of the strongest in europe . 
  well you can figure where they 're going to sell the cannabis first so ... yeah . 
  plus t says the albanian government agreed to monitoring their lands . 
  with who ? 
  you see the problem in italy is that there is literally nobody to vote for . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  you have grillo who is a complete moron . 
  you have berlusconi 's party which is ... berlusconi 's party . 
  and then you have the democratic party who are the most sane choice but they are lefties which is something a lot of italians ( myself in this number ) ) do n't like . 
  and then you have the person who is n't even a real candidate anymore and that is the former pm mario monti . 
  people wo n't vote for him , and i understand them . 
  his economy plans are too harsh . 
  he is probably the one who will fix the economy in the best way but it 's just too harsh . 
  so which one do you chose ? 
  i do n't really think so . 
  i do n't like mussolini or fascism . 
   oh dear , another yank who thinks europe is run by an evil muslim agenda oh dear , a person who does n't even know a little about me is making conclusions . 
  you think i 'm american ? 
  now which part of my italian flag confuses you ? 
  i will be happy to explain that italy , is in fact , an european country . 
   in ireland and most of the uk , muslims are pretty well integrated . 
  that 's why they decapitate soldiers in the street . 
   in germany there are many turks who settle and enjoy a happy , integrated life germans i know have stated otherwise . 
  i think i 'll trust them the fact that there are riots means much more than just a few scumbags . 
  a few scumbags do n't create a riot . 
  a big amount of people do that . 
  they do n't happen to be muslim . 
   the muslim violence the news mentions is n't due to them being muslim it is due to them being muslim . 
  they did what they did * because * they were muslims . 
  learn what xenophobia means before using such a big word . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm just wondering what makes him charismatic in the eyes of some people . 
  i always found it astonishing that some people find berlusconi charismatic . 
  i mean really-he is short , he is ugly and he also looks like some cheap prankster . 
  and mozart . 
  he 's not trying to change his views . 
  in court he stated he is absolutely mentally stable , he did it with his full mind and he even had a nazi-like gesture for his sick followers . 
  that 's not a person who wants to change . 
  i 'm not meeting any muslims . 
  i am an islamophobe . 
  in the last 2-300 years they 've done nothing but bad things . 
  prejudice can make the world a lot of favors . 
  sure , but if you take their towels off as soon as they 're on the street you may stop a crime . 
  i 'm surprised he 'd have the arrogance to try studying . 
  if i were a professor i would n't teach him . 
  islam is okay for 1000 years ago . 
  not anymore . 
  i 'm talking about modern day muslims . 
  exceptions are rare . 
  islam is a barbaric religion . 
  i see how people followed it and progressed under it 1000 years ago , but now it 's just ridiculous . 
  italy 's greatness does n't limit to the renaissance . 
  and even if it did you may not want to admit it but the truth is we owe the renaissance to ourselves .
