  downvote me all you want . 
  he is willing to shake italy harder and harder until he gets what he wants . 
  he is willing to fuck us all , to the last person . 
  he is willing to sacrifice us , our stability , our lives-and not even to save his life . 
  he can just go to one of his villas and live a happy with his millions . 
  has he not stolen enough ? 
  he is rich enough to live for 1000 years . 
  why wo n't he do that ? 
  he has himself a chapter in italian history already . 
  my heart truly hurts when i think about this pathetic excuse for a human being . 
  i do n't get him . 
  what was his comment ? 
  i like it more than gangnam style but it wo n't get as popular . 
  sadly . 
  was czechoslovakia . 
  good at hokey . 
  first anschlussed country by nazi germany ( with slovakia ) . 
  slavic country . 
  famous for some pretty decent beer . 
  they have * a lot * of porn for such a small country . 
  you kidding ? 
  we 'd be number one . 
  we 're still near the top with those assholes . 
  some decent politicians would work miracles . 
  this place would be an utopia . 
  well this should be fun . 
  actually i have been in northern africa as well as in turkey . 
  did n't see a difference on people 's looks . 
  well , i guess i just live in a particular place where people do n't pee in trains or something . 
  and i 've seen many turks in my travels . 
  not once have i seen a light turk . 
  why should i believe that they are not something exceptional in turkey ? 
  i 've even been in turkey for god 's sake . 
  none of these . 
  well the fact that you have common culture is what makes you brothers . 
  same thing that makes italians and french close . 
  i know a country can have a lot of difference but italy is an extreme . 
  a huge extreme . 
  i have not seen one light turk in real life . 
  that 's my experience . 
  i 've seen turkish national teams . 
  my mind is open to all kinds of trading and cooperation with turkey . 
  but you 're just not european . 
  you fooled us - . -, 
  so the immigrants who have lived in europe and are * supposed * to be a bit integrated should be worse ? 
  sounds legit . 
  and i do n't say all eu citizens are cultured but i 've never seen such barbaric behavior from anyone european . 
  it 's not secret that all tourists tend to at bad when they leave their countries . 
  especially young people . 
  but we 're not talking about young tourists though . 
  we are talking about millions of people , who work and live in europe and make that trip yearly . 
  hahahahahahahaha , no . 
  just no . 
  turks are not as white as other mediterraneans . 
  maybe as white as some mediterraneans ( lybians , algerians , egyptians ) . 
  i 'm not insulting you . 
  you 're just not white guys . 
  even greeks and spanish are lighter than you . 
  turks are naturally dark . 
  any non-dark turk is the result of a slavic woman from the balkans being enslaved and raped by a turk or a little slavic boy from the balkans who was taken away from his family and forced to become a turkish soldier . 
  well it 's no privilege . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i 'm just saying that to be european you 're either christian or atheist . 
  to be turkish you 're either muslim or atheist . 
  besides it 's no secret that turks ( and other people with middle eastern origin ) are much more religious than europeans . 
  and i do n't care which rules you follow . 
  i have no idea why pork would be a no-no . 
  it 's like cows or chickens . 
  i never said it 's the same as in the middle east . 
  but it 's not the same as in europe either . 
  you see i have a problem with this . 
  i do n't have a negative attitude on turkey . 
  i have nothing against it and i 'm just quoting facts . 
  i 'm just saying turkey is n't european . 
  just like japan is n't european . 
  does n't mean i do n't like japan . 
  what saying you 're not white is racist ? 
  it 's not . 
  it ca n't be . 
  it 's not an offense . 
  it 's a fact . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
  it 's just how things are . 
  have you seen me offended when someone said i 'm not black ? 
  i 'm just not . 
  as turks are simply not white . 
  it 's not racism . 
  you 're just not european . 
  besides . 
  why would you want to be european ? 
  you 're racist towards your brothers from the middle east . 
  being asian just is n't good enough for you , huh ? 
   most people do n't practice religion tell that to the turks i see travelling from through balkans for germany the end of every august . 
  very very often you 'll see them stop their car by the highway and pray . 
  the women flood the toilets of every gas station . 
  like literally . 
  they say they `` wash '' themselves but the truth is the flood the toilets-they throw panties , bottles , tampons and all kinds of shit there . 
  tell that to the young girls wearing burqas . 
  or how we see them sleep by the highway in some parking . 
  like really , they just stop by some gas station or parking and sleep in their cars or on the ground with their huge families of 3 kids * at least * .
