  other continents will never be the same as europe . 
  throughout history europe has been the light in the dark . 
  every important science thing is made either in europe or north america . 
  it 's a fact . 
  even if africans work a lot the next breakthrough will be in europe . 
  it 's bound to be and it always has been . 
  there is a reason european countries ruled the whole world and are the richest now . 
  we do n't have to fit in with them . 
  they have to look up to us and pay to their workers , not make them live in misery . 
  i think that a politic of autarky and protectionism on the local business will be great . 
  i can not agree that they can compete with us intellectually-they never have , they never will . 
  on southern europe . 
  yes this area is suffering right now but that is not lasting forever . 
  it has happened before . 
  it might be germany ( and it has been ) . 
  this is temporary . 
  ok . dude , no . 
  serbia is right next to bulgaria . 
  bulgarian is closer with serbian than to russian . 
  the serbian capital as of now has been in bulgaria for more time than it has been in serbia . 
  sofia was in serbian territory for some time as well . 
  there are very few differences and they are gramatic not lexical . 
  the main difference - serbian has 3 `` padezha '' - not sure how that is in english . 
  same with russian . 
  so no . 
  us , the serbs , macedonia ( although they are not a legit nation ) and the russians , ukrainians , croats , belorussians , slovenians are closer to each other than we are to polish . 
  trust me . 
  also-yes we have english since first grade plus with internet/tv you sort of have to know english so it 's easier , but really the alphabet is n't so hard . 
  greek is harder . 
  that man is a complete moron . 
  do you know why he was called that ? 
  yes he conquered bulgaria for a while but he was n't called bulgar-slayer ( i guess that 's how it is in english ) because he wanted to change people 's religion . 
  he was called that because he captured a bulgarian army of about 15 000 people and he blinded all of them leaving one person with one eye for every 100 he blinded to lead the rest to king samuil . 
  when he saw his army , king samuil had a stroke . 
  anyway he was bulgar-slayer not because he changed the religion ( since it was the same for more than 100 years already ) but because he brutally disfigured an army . 
  you are still stupid and you still do n't know shit . 
  first of all you stupid idiot the is no `` true religion '' . 
  and even if there were islam would be the last one . 
  islam is violent ( and yes it is , it 's not just misinterpreting ) . 
  islam discriminates against women ( so does christianity but at least in christian countries we stopped doing that ) . 
  the sharia is pure evil . 
  the only fact that you say that you say that stupid shit proves that islam is still as evil and gives violent ideas of domination over other religions . 
  plus i do n't know where you 're from and if you 're not aware of the balkan history that 's ok but do n't talk bullshit . 
  fist of all the people of the first bulgarian kingdom ( before the fall under byzantine ) were two types-the slavs who were the majority in the country and the proto-bulgarians who were a minority but ruled . 
  slavs believed in their god-perun and proto-bulgarians-in tangra . 
  king boris mihail 1 decided that he had to unite these people under one religion and make them one nation ( as we are today ) so he made christianity the official religion-in order to unite the two nations as one and he did that . 
  he achieved that with some evil actions but he did it . 
  also that 's when the cyrillic alphabet was created . 
  another thing to unite the nation-our alphabet . 
  today russians , ukranians , serbs and others have come up with their version of the alphabet . 
  bulgarian language started to be used in churches rather than greek and latin . 
  christianity is the creation of the bulgarian nation uniting slavs and bulgarians . 
  today we could say that bulgarians are vastly slavs ( except for the turks and gypsies ) . 
  another thing-much like the roman empire , the byzantine empire did not change the religion of the conquered nations . 
  that was n't their politic . 
  and if islam is the one `` true religion '' how come only 1 % of the population accepted it just because they feared losing their heads ? 
  you know try searching for massacres on the balkans done by the ottoman empire and then you 'll understand why some people had to choose islam . 
  bulgarians , greeks and serbs managed to keep their faith but some people could n't - like the bosnians . 
  so yeah you are stupid you do n't know shit . 
  suggested ? 
  really ? 
  that is bullshit just like the `` ottoman living together '' or something . 
  yeah awesome people ... batak ... koprivshtica ... * sigh * . 
  actually . 
  10 % are the muslims . 
  the 1.1 % are the well ... pomaci ( which would be bulgarians who were forced to take islam to save their life during the ottoman slavery ), 
  bulgarian is really really close with serbian . 
  in italy ( my other country ) there is more difference in the dialect of people from naples and milan . 
  really close . 
  and russian is also close enough . 
  i was n't speaking for myself though-i was also talking about all my friends from bulgaria and they all share my opinion . 
  you do realize that greeks ** do not ** use the cyrillic right ? 
  they use their own greek alphabet . 
  and as i said . 
  i do n't know any italians who tried learning some slavic language ( that uses cyrillic ) but almost all of the bulgarians i know speak english well enough and learning the latin alphabet has never been a problem to them . 
  way too good really . 
  when some person that is of a non-white ethnicity does a crime he is sort of always excused just because he is n't white and he did n't have equal chances or something . 
  most of the welfare goes to minorities who do n't work . 
  what a shock . 
  never was to any but i guess i 'd like amsterdam ... 
  as a person who knows both the cyrillic and the latin alphabet i disagree . 
  true , i grew up with both alphabets but most people that i know who are from a cyrillic-using country have no problem at all with latin and learning english . 
  also as a bulgarian speaker . 
  when i read russian and listen to russian people speak ( slowly ) i understand most of it . 
  serbian and bulgarian are really really alike and when i speak with serbian people i feel like i 'm using bulgarian dialect . 
  i have even watched movies in serbian and understand 90 % of the things they say . 
  note i have never learned serbian in my life . 
  on the other hand i ca n't understand polish . 
  listening to polish to me is like listening to greek . 
  that is not true . 
  learning another alphabet is pretty useful . 
  also it depends on which slavic languages . 
  southern ( serbian , bulgarian , croatian , macedonian ) and the eastern slavic languages ( ukranian , belorussian ) are much closer to russian than to polish . 
  also the cyrillic alphabet is easy as fuck . 
  just like the latin . 
  same system of alphabet . 
  i will . 
  russian is much more important than polish . 
  there is much more need for russian speakers . 
  yeah maybe .
