  does that make me vietnamese ? 
  i just do n't give it as an example because it was n't europe 's war , it was the usa . 
  i am against the korean war . 
  i am not korean . 
   so . . why should a few ( more ) naked women upset anybody then . 
  because they started  raising their arms and shouting at the german supermodel , the members of the controversial feminist group had `` heidi 's horror picture show '' scrawled in black letters on their chests so what if you dislike the show ? 
  just do n't watch it . 
  we are nobody . 
  who are we to intervene in other people 's problems . 
  the level of arrogance is amazing . 
  we had no business in yugoslavia , war or not . 
  who are we to decide who was right and who was wrong ? 
  how do we know who 's right in turkey ? 
   i agree the turks are , turkey is n't in a state of inter-state war like yugoslavia yeah well i do n't see who decided that the serbs were the bad guys . 
  there were two sides and we just picked one . 
  probably the wrong one . 
  same may happen with turkey . 
  plus the war in yugoslavia was us being pussies . 
  if the war there had begun 15 years earlier ( thus there would be strong countries on the other side like the ussr ) we would n't dare . 
  as i said . 
  let them be-leave them alone . 
  and i 'm not just talking about this situation-i am talking about everything . 
  leave north korea , leave africa , leave the middle east . 
  keep only trading and commercial connections . 
  are we playing god to decide who 's right and wrong ? 
  i can tell you of someone who had similar arognace-the roman empire . 
  and i 'll tell you why . 
  i really feel for people in turkey and how their rights are being violated . 
  first of all . 
  not we , nor americans or anyone else should assume the role of international moral/military police . 
  turkey is not currently in the eu union so we as a union have no responsibility whatsoever towards the turks and their government . 
  we can not be the judges of anything . 
  last time europe and america ( nato ) tried to bring human rights and all we screwed up an entire region ( former yugoslavian countries ) . 
  they , much like the turks , are perfectly capable of handling their own problems . 
  yes europe should condemn ant inhumane actions taken by the government . 
  if it came down to any kind of civil war i personally do not think europe has anything to do with it . 
  i have no desire to send our armies and soldiers to die for a cause that is n't ours . 
   surely we ca n't let this go by . 
  yes we can . 
  i have lived to the day when europeans started to act like americans . 
  we can let it go by . 
  as long as the turkish government does n't harm our interests they can do as they like . 
  not our business . 
  [ priceless ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gadgets/slideshows/300056/slide_300056_2508608_free.jpg?1369848269063 ), 
  the capital is tallinn . 
  as most eastern european ( or european at all ) they have a demographic crisis ( then again i could be wrong ) . 
  i have been left with the impression that they do n't like russians a lot . 
  a baltic country . 
  if i 'm remembering right they have the same language group as the other baltic states and finland . 
  kemal ataturk would be delighted . 
  do n't worry , portugal . 
  as soon we 're out of the crisis we 'll pay that . 
  you have been severely brainwashed . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm a bit tired of everyone saying it 's germany . 
  we all paid the same % of our gdp for greece . 
  we all made an equal sacrifice for them as they would for us . 
  it 's true that germany gave more money than the others but that 's because it had the highest gdp . 
  okay i just have one question . 
  why now ? 
  i 'm sorry but race exists . 
  different races have different physical traits . 
  white people have light skin smaller noses and big eyes while blacks have really dark skin and big noses and jaws . 
  asians have their eyes . 
  also the white race is the only one that naturally produces blond people or people with blue/green eyes without it being a form of albinism which we see in africa . 
  you can see race and it 's not about just color . 
  saying race = culture is stupid because two people can be the same race but have different cultures like italian = / = german for example . 
  same race different culture . 
  also the so called indo-european race ( or aryan ) is also divided . 
  us , white europeans are caucasian while indians , who are also part of the indo-european race , are not caucasian . 
  how are you unable to understand these simple concepts ? 
  we 'll make a european mediterranean union . 
  and you know what ? 
  we 're gon na name ourselves northern union because we 're from the northern mediterranean . 
  someone accepted my point ... on the internet . 
  i did n't think it was possible :d . 
  really ? 
  i see we develop the dark skin and the big nostrils . 
  just like you know some dogs develop yellow fur and others do n't . 
  of course they do.i 'm sorry but that 's like saying dog breeds do n't exist . 
  they are all dogs as we are all human . 
  but breeds exist much like races . 
  you ca n't say all dogs are the same breed just like you ca n't say all humans are the same race . 
  you have been brainwashed . 
  race and species are different things . 
  we are one species not one race . 
   i am just saying it is reflective of their culture of industriousness . 
  we have industry too and we have lunch . 
  let me guess . 
  you 're blond . 
  they do n't have blond people . 
  it 's only natural that they were interested . 
  well i can call bullshit on this one . 
  while it is true that germany is doing great right now that 's not reason . 
  the 20 minutes a day you 'll spare more that the germans for your health do n't make a huge impact . 
  i 'll have you know italians have a lot of working hours and as i have stated on multiple occasions the current crisis is a temporary problem . 
  also i have often said that some 20 years ago italy had the fastest growing economy and gdp in europe . 
  the eating habits were the same back then as now . 
  of course not . 
  germans are quite prosperous .
