  german tourists in italy in the summer are quite loud . 
  is that a surprise ? 
  in bulgaria i 've heard about the sneaky byzantine pigs ( a.k.a greeks ) and backstabbing serbs on a regular basis . 
  what about them ? 
  we never agreed to attacking together with austria and germany . 
  simple as that . 
  so we did n't . 
  i for one am all for ~ ~ professional kebab removers ~ ~ serbia in the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's just greece . 
  before the war in syria bulgaria did n't get a lot of immigrants . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's just greece . 
  before the war in syria bulgaria did n't get a lot of immigrants . 
  not really . 
  they did n't have any problems with that before the war in syria . 
  italians on the other hand ... 
  well what i get is : italians are not white . 
  italians are black . 
  are italians europeans ? 
  italians are not jews . 
  not really . 
  we had a defensive treaty with them . 
  meaning that if we get attacked we have to defend each other . 
  but germany and austria were the ones who started attacking , thus being aggressors . 
  we never agreed to being aggressors . 
  you just have to see the funny aspect . 
  i 'm curious : what was his comment ? 
  sounds good to me . 
  the way i see it italians fought until 1945 for every town and house . 
  badoglio switched sides but overall the country resisted until the very end . 
  that 's like saying germany switched sides because after the fall of hitler new leaders were appointed . 
  obviously . 
  that 's more of s stereotype joke that swedish women are really good looking . 
  which in comparison to * certain * other countries seems to be true . 
  you 've got yourself a deal . 
  but 100 000 ? 
  nah , let 's round that up , like 500 000 ? 
  the more the better . 
  god damn it we have never switched sides . 
  well i think swedes should be removed from the face of the earth because they are offending other countries ' women with their good looking women . 
  okay , okay france we got it , you do n't always surrender . 
  geez ... 
  actually made me laugh . 
  good job . 
  maybe should have included a latin text as well so non-cyrillic reading fellows can read it too . 
  i do n't think we 're getting many from israel or palestine . 
  this is truly ridiculous . 
  first of all why do we even care that there is war there ? 
  second of all , why would we give them money . 
  it 's not an investment . 
  it wo n't pay back . 
  i feel fucking stupid . 
  i 'm sorry , the day is wiser than the night . 
  i was tired while arguing and i completely overlooked the numbers . 
  it , in fact , is 10k babies per 1m inhabitants . 
  you were right . 
  my point still stand though . 
  germany seems to have a lower birth rate , according to this chart . 
  now this is a wild guess but i would assume that by `` we '' he meant europeans . 
  you 're wrong , i 'm sorry . 
  count the zeros on the chart . 
  seriously . 
  only the province of trentio-alto adige with circa 1 million inhabitants had about 10 000 births . 
  your math is wrong and i 'm too lazy to explain why but seriously . 
  if we are to assume 250k women giving birth that would mean 250k babies , correct ? 
  so i am saying 100k babies , meaning only 100k women will have a baby per year . 
  you made an error . 
  look at what he chart says . 
  a true aryan ... i do n't really know why the lega nord has to pick the ugliest possible people to be in charge . 
  have to means you 're obligated to . 
  you said `` have to '' . 
  i 'm saying you do n't `` have to '' , you can `` choose to '' . 
  well your money do n't have to go to a party . 
  you can chose to send them there or you can chose to give them to the government in order for it to use them for infrastructure or something . 
  my money will not be going to a party . 
  actually from what i understand in this scale germans have it worse . 
  the line going up is showing how many kids people are having per year right ? 
  so let 's put france and the uk aside . 
  italy has about 60 million people . 
  and we have 550 000 births per year . 
  round it up-600 000 . 
  so that would mean that for every 1 million people we have 100 000 children born . 
  germany on the other hand has a population of 80 million . 
  and about 680 000 births per year . 
  round that up to 700 000 . 
  so basically , rounded up , germans have less than 100 000 kids per a million citizens . 
  both rounded up , italy would have a more children compared to the population . 
  which does n't really matter since both countries are sucking it hard . 
  unless i interpreted the map wrongly . 
  he said no such thing . 
  he basically said that the richer you are the more likely you are to have a child . 
  to which i pointed that people from poorer part of the world/background have many children . 
   you have to donate that 's kind of the good thing . 
  you do n't have to donate anything . 
  well this sucks . 
  tell that to africa , to gypsies , to any ethnic minorities , to the indians . 
  assuming berlusconi has n't already given it . 
  i would do your prime minister . 
   they need us albanians in what way ? 
   i did n't know what he wrote ( has him on ignore ) now , where 's the fun in that ? 
  i 'd still rather not pay it .
