  it 's not about ethnicity , we 're talking about religion here . 
  we ca n't just look away from the fact that muslims do a lot more crime than native europeans . 
  if they were n't allowed in europe , / u/dinosaursgopoop 's friend would n't have 20 stitches . 
  good for those people but they are a striking minority as opposed to the christians who became atheist . 
  first of all i 'm not racist , i 'm anti immigration ( and not in all cases ) and i feel strongly about islam . 
  also , let me add that you 're a well known leftist , brainwashed person who thinks they live in some kind of heaven on earth where everything is so great . 
  but it 's not . 
  besides this is not about me . 
  to be honest both . 
  i hate islam as an idea and i do n't think that a good human being would be muslim . 
  i 'm really sorry to say it . 
  and it 's interesting to see how many christians have turned to atheism or agnosticism , but muslims never do . 
  our / r/europe survey proved it . 
  on the question on your religious upbringing many people answered christian and some did muslim . 
  but then the majority of christians said they became atheist or agnostics while all the ones who were raised muslim stayed muslim . 
   / r/worldnews [ 1 ] and / r/europe [ 2 ] are pressured by white supremacists . 
  very far away from the truth . 
  being anti-islam has nothing to do with white supremacy . 
  there are white muslims ( bosnia , kosovo ) and there are dark christians ( plenty of spaniards greeks and southern italians ) . 
  it 's not about white/black or any race at all . 
  it 's about the religion and how muslims act . 
  they do but : not is such massive numbers and they do n't go to other countries to do miseries . 
  you see , it 's expected more of immigrants . 
  i firmly believe that if i am to accept someone new into my society he/she should be a valuable contribution to it . 
  no fighting . 
  he should be the best to deserve his place . 
  we have average people already . 
  the new immigrant should be a person of high intellect and morals . 
  otherwise i do n't see the reason to have him . 
  one comes from the other , do n't you think ? 
   if they were just white german guys who attacked your friend yeah but they were n't . 
  that 's the problem . 
  what is the purpose of this thread again ... ? 
  is it really shocking ? 
  i mean every time you try to make a good opinion of them they just feed the stereotype 100 % you know ? 
  yeah , they have a different faith blah blah blah . 
  boom , 9/11 . 
  yeah but those were just some extremists . 
  siege a police station in france . 
  oh but not all of them are like that-a gang raped girl in sweden . 
  it 's okay though i know that one nice guy who 's a muslim-you hear the mosque almost violently calling for prayer imposing the fact that it 's there to everyone in the area . 
  you know what i 'm saying ? 
  they just keep feeding the stereotype . 
  what is funny that it 's okay to criticize christianity , but when you say something against islam not only are you called a islamophobe but also , these people react wildly to defend their religion . 
  you know such as besieging a police station . 
  the simple truth is that the qur ` ran is violent and evil . 
  islam is so barbaric it would even be unfit for the ancient greek or roman society . 
  leave the 21 century aside . 
  to be honest i would n't be thrilled to see people praying on their knees on the street either but whatever . 
  anyway sieging a police station is far too much . 
   the frontline in a culture war oh come on !, 
  you 're blowing this out of proportion . 
  it 's a bunch of drunk youngsters getting into a fight . 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  i do n't really know french so care to elaborate ? 
  yeah but did n't you read that they have only a few prison cells ? 
  this is also a joke . 
  well if they want separation then obviously they are n't free enough . 
  because the ultimate goal is to make a superpower out of * all * european countries i would think . 
  plus these countries are obviously fit to be in the eu if they were allowed to be in it . 
  na they are on the internet but they stick to sites that are ( imo ) stupid like facebook , twitter etc. 
  i voted yes because i liked brave heart . 
  no but seriously . 
  i believe that you as a nation deserve to be your own country . 
  yeah because you know that is somehow relevant . 
  gee maybe because hey have a population of like ... 30 000 people . 
  that 's smaller than most cities . 
  not really logical . 
  how do they prove she had sexual intercourse ? 
  because she said so . 
  well she also said she was raped but they ignore that ? 
  i can see the logic though , but it 's a wrong unjust twisted logic . 
  well chechnya does n't really count because they are terrorists . 
  anyway the us has been in more conflicts . 
  and yes , russians are the dalai lama , but americans are no better . 
  judging by history i 'm not sure who i 'd rather trust , but i think it 's the russians-at least they do n't try to steal other countries ' history . 
  well even if people did start to jump to conclusions i think it 's quite stupid if you do it yourself as well . 
  if you do that you 're just as bad as the rest of the people who did it . 
  well once again you are one of the many people who do n't understand the situation . 
  racism is not a thing in islam . 
  if you knew about islam a bit more you 'd know that muslims do n't care about race . 
  they just want to kill non-muslims . 
  and if jews decide to become muslim they would n't have a problem with that . 
  read about umma , jihand and so on and so forward . 
  also , what you call terrorists is actually their army because they do n't have the money to build a real army . 
  also , the eu does not harass israel . 
  we just said no more money . 
  considering that many eu countries including my own are in deep financial trouble i do n't think anyone owes israel anything . 
  so we did the holocaust , then we gave them a country and huge reparations . 
  do we have to pay for the holocaust until the end of time ? 
  i think not . 
  if i were in charge of the situation i would n't have 1 cent spent outside of the eu . 
  also i do not want to dismiss your information but i would be rather happy to see how the eu sends money to the `` terrorists '' . 
  last time i checked we ( nato ) were on the side of israel and the russians helped palestine . 
  now , do n't get me wrong . 
  in this conflict , if i had to chose , i 'd help israel . 
  because i just do n't like islam . 
  but the best thing i think the eu should do is leave them on their own . 
  we have no benefit from helping either of those sides . 
  well i do n't live in russia and i 'm guessing neither do you so you can really say how russia feels about us .
