  there is n't a huge difference . 
  the difference is mainly how the people feel about their nationality and if they want to be different nations , although ones who are alike , they can be . 
  being liked by hitler is not being lucky . 
  being what hitler deemed inferior and laughing at other people hitler thoughts as inferior , because hitler thought they were inferior is stupid . 
  hypocrisy at it 's best . 
  silly turks , thinking hitler would have actually liked them . 
  something something ratko mladic . 
  so weird seeing the south supporting the north :d . anyway thank you for your answers . 
  would you say that bavaria is more successful than the rest of germany ? 
  what 's the difference between bavaria and the rest of germany ? 
  who told them they ever will anyway ? 
  wow how fair . 
  well the populations who were actually successful in northern africa no longer exist so that 's not the same people . 
  the people were in fact wiped out by today 's arabs , which should also be warning about what 's gon na happen to us . 
  central and southern africa hosted barbaric cultures at best , and the same goes for the americas . 
  so you showed me an article in wikipedia ? 
  yeah , the belgians did spare congolians thousands of years of discoveries . 
  so let 's say i partially agree with the welfare state . 
  a person that has worked for a country all of him life , including has payed money which are supposed to be his pension deserves the pension he paid for . 
  an african with no place here does not deserve out money . 
  i do contribute . 
  without people like me , the country would not function . 
  simple as that . 
  my ancestors fought so it could be easy for me . 
  seeing as their ancestors did nothing on the matter they should take things in their own hands now . 
  no but they failed to achieve anything in the thousands of years before colonization . 
  with colonization e spared them thousands of steps of technological , moral and medical advancements . 
  we brought them machines they could not imagine while they were still hunting with spears . 
  we spared them a lot of work . 
  and we keep aiding them . 
  the apologetic `` they are like that because we colonized them '' is stupid . 
  africans had never been advance before colonization and neither are they now . 
  what we did should even help them now-we are giving them already made and tested social and economical structures and technology . 
  is that your big answer ? 
  as a matter of fact i think the welfare state is a thieving state which has no right giving he money i make to a bunch of immigrants who have not deserved them while elder italian people have such small pensions . 
  i have not but i contribute as much as i can-i do n't exploit it . 
  i do n't throw my trash on the street , i pay taxes , i do my little bit for this country to be good . 
  i follow the rules and the law , i 'm not in anyone 's way . 
  which is basically what i said . 
  re-read my comment and think about it . 
  by my last question i implied it 's our own fault , which it is . 
  no , i should n't . 
  i should n't . 
  because it 's their fault their countries are in such conditions . 
  no , it 's the same . 
  why does the thief steal ? 
  so he can get a better life . 
  what do they do ? 
  come here to exploit our country and our taxes , which is in my book the same as stealing . 
  simple as that . 
  i do n't care how their countries are . 
  because they are n't running from their countries . 
  they are bringing them to us . 
  and if they are unfit to make the rich africa successful then they have no place here . 
  i have n't faced adversity , true . 
  but i do n't care . 
  someone who breaks the law is a criminal . 
  whatever the law is . 
  immigrating illegally is illegal . 
  they are criminals . 
  i would personally classify them as much criminals as thieves ( because , essentially , that is what they are ) . 
  yeah well i do n't give a fuck . 
  i see no reason to respect someone who does not respect my country 's laws . 
  they are human beings and they should be treated as such , i agree . 
  they are also criminals who should be treated as such . 
  they are n't refugees . 
  they are illegal immigrants . 
  99 % of them are not politically persecuted . 
  maybe your country should welcome them . 
  i am but there is sadly nothing we can do about it and this was a smart political move . 
  what else did i say ? 
  if it were n't for mao china would not have become as powerful as it is . 
  anyway , i 'm not a fascist . 
  i do n't see how you would draw that conclusion without having discussed economy with me . 
  because as many people ignore , economy is the most important aspect of fascism , capitalism and socialism . 
  we do not negotiate with terrorists ( they are terrorists because they will put their own children 's life at risk for their criminal goals ) . 
  sometimes you have to be heartless . 
  millions of people have died . 
  a thousand more will before they stop coming . 
  it 's worth it . 
  i am saddened by the loss of life but we have other priorities . 
  sometimes you have to be heartless in the name of the bigger good . 
  mao may have been evil but he created the economic power china is . 
  stalin and roosevelt and truman may have been heartless but it is thanks to that that ww2 was won . 
  caesar and octavian may have been heartless but they made rome the undisputed military power of the next centuries . 
  yes , i got what you 're saying . 
  they want to put a whole in their own vessel ? 
  that is their own problem . 
  well will get them out of european waters , if they decide they want to kill themselves and do not value their own life , why should we ? 
  i don ' think so . 
  from my knowledge to get italian citizenship there are conditions : you are born italian . 
  which means born to at least one parent who is an italian citizen . 
  i 'm guessing the dead are not gon na have kids so yeah . 
  you have lived in italy for 10 years without doing any crimes . 
  the procedure can be shortened if you married an italian citizen . 
  i think you need 2 years if you marry an italian . 
  may be more ways like for example doing the country a service or being in the italian army but do n't i know of them . 
  so basically , from how i understand the law even their children can not get italian citizenship . 
  i rethinked it . 
  they did a smart job .
