  introducing immigrants who have more children than the natives is obviously bad because they start living in their own homogeneous societies when there are a lot of them which usually results in driving the shrinking population out of the area . 
  that way italians may be replaced in some areas of a city creating ghettos because these people are poor and uneducated . 
  you need proof ? 
  just look at detroit . 
  in order to integrate a ( example ) ghanaian child with italian children it must be alone with them . 
  when you introduce 5 ghanaian children and 10 italians they will split into groups , the ghanaians will make their little society and thus not integrate well with the italian kids , which will create tensions between the two groups . 
  as [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime ) article shows immigration usually increases crime . 
  which is something we do n't want . 
  lol . 
  i do n't know how it is . 
  i 'm just saying it 's a good thing . 
  but you guys are descended from europeans . 
  you should know your roots . 
  also i 'm willing to bet that whatever continent you give me i can name most of the countries . 
  i am honestly impressed people would even think not knowing european countries is the same as not knowing the states of one country . 
  one is a country . 
  the other is state of a country . 
  cheers to that . 
  if i were an eastern european immigrant i could twist things around though just like sub-saharans and middle easterners do . 
  example : hitler considered slavs to be genetically inferior to other europeans . 
  seeing as eastern europeans are mostly slavs they can still call uk politicians nazis because they supposedly only want a pure germanic society . 
  since when do whites get the short stick ? 
  yeah except european countries are super important . 
  india ? 
  iraq ? 
  kazakhstan ( or just write borat ) ? 
  sure , may mess up some south east and central asia . 
  look what i found guys . 
  it 's [ fun ] ( http://www.jetpunk.com/quizzes/how-many-countries-can-you-name.php ), 
  that is a great decision . 
  i honestly do n't understand this and i would want to know so hopefully some brit will enlighten me . 
  why are your politicians so concerned with stopping migration from the eu ( or specifically bulgaria and romania i guess ) and eastern europe but at the same time they do n't seem to do anything about extra-european immigration ? 
  there are no girls on the internet . 
  you shave your beard ? 
  do you use the same razor for your vagina ? 
  such a disgrace for a viking . 
  i am from the northern part of southern europe if that 's what you 're asking . 
  as a southern european , i also agree 20c is the best temperature . 
  not too hot and not cold . 
  just nice . 
  i also think -5 c is n't all that cold . 
  what about sweden and iceland ? 
  and other kinds of pornography his wife does n't like . 
  i 've only been in vienna and absolutely loved it . 
  do n't forget to eat schnitzel . 
  10/10 would go again . 
  true that . 
  removing a part of someone 's body with no medical reason for it is cruelty and ignorance . 
  pretty sure they ai n't producing no oranges ( or anything of value ) in that ghetto . 
  agreed . 
  you 'd wonder why they are n't sent back to wherever they came from immediately . 
  bet what they 're eating is my taxes . 
  damn , guess i 'll be paying for the damage huh ... 
  russia is n't trying to keep influence . 
  the people in the middle east need russia way more than russia needs them . 
  as a wise man said : `` the middle east is merely the ruler used by the americans and the russians to measure their dicks , just like korea and vietnam used to be . '', 
  i 'm proud of what i have accomplished in my life . 
  that does not mean i think i 'm better than everyone else . 
  having devotion and pride towards your country is not the same as thinking it is better and more important than other countries . 
  you 're wrong . 
  this year or the next ? 
  are you mad ? 
  italy 's current government does not want to leave the eu . 
  until the end of this year there 's a little more than a month . 
  to exit we need new elections , possibly a referendum . 
  not happening this year-it 's clearly impossible . 
  other than that i do n't think anyone will ever exit the eu . 
  sure some noise will be made , but no one will actually exit . 
  i 'm curious though - what makes you think italy will leave ? 
  yeah , no . 
  nationalism is the more extreme form of patriotism . 
  nazi descendants ? 
  is that the best you could come up with ? 
  what about the victims of british colonialism ? 
  germans are also descendants of nazis . 
  big fucking deal . 
  without italy and germany this whole world would be a shitty place . 
  we have most certainly given the world more than we have taken from it . 
  and not the indians ? 
  let me tell you something . 
  italy 's biggest minority is romanians and they create much less problems than other immigrants . 
   no we joined a common market . 
   we never joined anything else . 
  yes you did though . 
  you signed that citizens of the eu will be equal . 
   no we are preventing clear abuse of our system that would lead to the end of our programs for everyone . 
  and yet you 're okay with muslims , indians , africans but not with bulgarians and romanians ? 
   bulgaria and romania should never have been allowed in the eu ... you 're not the one to make that call . 
  first of all the uk is in the eu . 
  you signed that they will be equal to everyone else in the eu-swedes , germans , italians . 
  yet you are discriminating against them . 
  and i 'm the first one to agree that each country should decide the rights of immigrants . 
  but not while indians , pakistanis and africans are having a super fun time and bulgarians and romanians are treated like shit . 
  because remember kids , as long as they 're white , we can pull all kinds of shit towards them . 
  this is disgusting . 
  show intolerance for other 's religion . 
  expects high levels of tolerance for his own . 
  islam is the religion of peace . 
  behead all those who insult islam . 
  homosexuals must be stoned to death .
