  and is it not true that after conquering each tribe the romans would put the local gods in the pantheon and respect them together with roman gods ? 
   it does n't matter whether it happened in the middle ages or not . 
  the plague ravaged the roman empire to the point of killing 40 % of constantinople 's population and constantinople was by all accounts as roman as you could possibly get . 
  it most certainly does . 
  the byzantine was no longer rome , they even spoke a different language . 
  another proof that after the fall of rome filth and plague started ravaging the land , because this was after the fall of rome . 
   there was no later plague , the plague of justinian was the black death itself . 
  if i had not written so much already before reading this i 'd just end the discussion . 
  are you trolling me ? 
  no later plague ? 
  the bigger plague took place in about 1340-50 . 
  that 's when bocaccio 's decameron takes place . 
  he lived in the 1300 's . 
  here [ the later plague ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_death ) is . 
   so did constantinople and yet it fell prey to the black death . 
  it was not the black plague and it was n't nearly as devastating . 
  listen i do n't know how to say this nicely but you are so fucking uneducated you make my fucking head hurt . 
  seriously it 's like you grew in some 3rd world country where there are no books . 
  so that 's not when the decline started . 
   barbarians were granted foederati status , not citizenship . 
  all non-slaves withing the roman empire were given citizenship by [ constitutio antoniniana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitutio_antoniniana ) . 
  no need to argue this . 
  the status you 're talking of came into play later . 
   odoacer held power over the entire italian peninsula alongside dalmatia but he was never king . 
  right which is pretty much the same as king . 
  and [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/odoacer ) gives him the title king of italy . 
   living standards following the collapse of the western empire remained the same . 
  what you meant to say , i 'm assuming , is that the collapse of central authority led to a move away from the highly centralised urban gatherings seen before . 
  yeah and romans were pretty rich and non-hungry before the fall of rome . 
  the barbarian 's standards remained the same . 
   the numerous kingdoms that sprouted up following the collapse of the western empire recognised roman law and made claims to continuity . 
  maybe so but they hardly obeyed it . 
  and people had no rights , they were just toys in the hands of their vassals . 
   hello . 
  at least every roman citizen had the right of trial . 
   http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/vr2bg/theories_how_advanced_would_the_world_be_if_the/ discoveries of the middle ages were existent but their number lower than during roman times , mainly because people were afraid that they would be burned if they spoke against god . 
  so take the middle ages ' discoveries , double them and that 's what you get without middle ages , do n't simply put them aside . 
  because you see , if there were no middle ages the people who made discoveries would still do them but a lot more people would be trying . 
   how are they any different from the numerous roman wars of conquest ? 
  rome 's conquers brought light and civilization and education to the conquered tribes . 
  the crusades were just bloody meaningless wars . 
   numerous people died because of religion during the roman empire true that , but killing people because of their religion was not common practice in rome , but rather some anger or madness of some emperor . 
  read about the pantheon . 
  they welcomed all religion , normally with some exceptions . 
  killing people with no reason ( i mean at least nero killed the christians with some explanation-he said the set rome on fire ) was done on a daily basis in the middle ages . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plague_of_justinian that plague happened after the western roman empire 's fall , thus in the middle ages . 
  and even if it were in the roman empire you ca n't possibly compare it to the later plague that killed something among the lines of 70 % of europe 's population . 
  truth is romans had canalization , took baths and actually did n't kill doctors for being wizards . 
   http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/health stop quoting / r/askhistorians as a 100 % sure source . 
  i could write something there . 
  besides as already mentioned romans had aqueducts and baths of all kinds and all that stuff which was ditched after rome 's fall . 
  the filth ca n't be compared . 
   how is this relevant ? 
  the gain and loss of the lands conquered by trajan meant nothing to the empire 's health . 
  they were doomed the same time they were conquered . 
   oh yeah , definitely . 
  how could n't have rome 's decline started with trajan , one of the most highly regarded rulers in the history of the empire . 
  i was talking about caracalla . 
   what citizens ? 
  the barbarians who were granted roman citizenship some time earlier . 
   what ? 
  romulus augustulus was dethroned but his life was spared because he was a child . 
   foederati did not get citizenship . 
  they were barbarian tribes who were given the right to settle on roman land in return for military service . 
  the eastern empire employed this system as well . 
   odoacer never proclaimed himself king of anything . 
  he was given the title of patrician by zeno and the right to rule over italy in the name of rome . 
  the roman administration remained in place . 
  he was king of italy . 
   which never existed the way you think it did . 
  poverty , no law , all life in the hands of a cruel lord , stupidity , lack of education , crusades , deaths in the name of a religion , witch hunts , plague and filth ? 
   you are a fucking imbecille . 
  ouch uncalled for . 
  you might have spelled imbecile correctly though . 
   were you aware that rome reached its territorial apex during the reign of emperor trajan , a full hundred years before the edict of caracalla ? 
  i am well aware of that . 
  however trajan 's campaign of conquering mesopotamia was a mistake since it started , so although he conquered it , it was fairly obvious that these were lost lands . 
  the real decline of rome truly started . 
  he ruled as a tyrant . 
  after him he might of rome started disappearing , constantine brought it for a while just before roe 's crumble . 
   julius nepos was murdered by a member of his own personal guard . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  so were many roman emperors . 
  but after them a new emperor would rule . 
  the `` citizens '' though made sure there would n't be another emperor after that one . 
  for the sake of truth the last roman emperor did n't even get killed because he was a child . 
  but rome was ended by the very same barbarians who got citizenship in the empire . 
  then the germanic barbarian odoacer , not only ended rome but proclaimed himself king of italy and brought all of his barbarian brothers to italy . 
  and not only did the barbarians destroy rome . 
  they also brought to europe what ? 
  right , the dark ages . 
  pretty sure i was italian by birth ... my connection and relationship with bulgaria is very existent but still . 
  why the throwaway ? 
  i love how you ignored all the rest of my comment . 
  anyway . 
  when did romans stop conquering more and more land ? 
  about the time they gave the citizenship to everyone . 
  when did other tribes start to regain their land ? 
  same time ? 
  who killed the last roman emperor and who burned rome a couple of times ?
