  they are twins and both have blonde brides and are really pretty . 
  which is why some boys flirt with ukraine . 
  he kind of beats them because he started drinking at an young age . 
  ukraine has a thing going with the kids in the western playground which makes russia kind of mad . 
  as i said i have lived in neither so yeah ... i was just guessing . 
  well i have n't lived in rome but i think it 's not the most expensive . 
  maybe milan . 
  there is difference between evolution and mixing different genes to purposely create new breeds . 
   tiramisu is one of the most popular greek desserts yes , just like vodka is among the most popular italian drinks . 
  the european union stands against eating smaller fish because they are presumably younger fish . 
  that means they have more reproducing years ahead of them which we do n't want to destroy . 
  fishing bigger fish means more meat for less dead fish because 1 big fish may be as much meat as one small fish . 
   since fishermen tend to prefer larger fish , they throw the smaller fish back . 
  many actually do this with the thought that their `` helping '' the fish by sparing it for now so it 'll eventually grow bigger . 
  i do n't know which part of you intestines you pulled that from but it 's utter bullshit . 
  if fisherman were trowing away little fish back into the sea we would n't need to say `` no '' to small because they would n't be on the table in the first place-they 's be back in the sea . 
  i do n't know how you think fishing works but here is how it is-people go on big ass boats and catch tons of fish . 
  and then sell it . 
  no professional fisherman will actually start picking fish of different sizes and throwing the small ones back into the sea . 
  the only people who do that are people who go fishing as a hobby ( thus non-industrial fish ) and they do n't really have an impact on the populations . 
  i 'd love to see the statistics you 're referencing though . 
  and they are not wrong-you have just completely misunderstood the issue . 
  right because the process of evolution , which take millions of years affected fish for the few hundreds of years we 've been mass fishing ? 
  seems legit . 
  i kind of meant italy ... and it is an exaggeration . 
  if you have your rent covered , all the exepences on your place covered , all your taxes covered , someone is paying for your fuel and you buy clothes like once a year , you can have money to eat . 
  but not too much and usually shitty food . 
  depending on the location you may be able to find a place for about 4-5-600 euros . 
   i live in lisbon and i usually spend about $ 400 per/mo :o . i do n't care how frugally you live , there is no way you can eat enough to stay alive with that kind of money . 
  hell , i do n't even think you can cover your rent with that . 
  anyway , to answer you question , my best guess would be bulgaria or romania . 
  maybe croatia too , seeing as it is in the eu now . 
  oh ... i though the lady was some sort of journalist . 
  so where 's the second french person and the kids ? 
  sorry i 'm confused i do n't understand spanish . 
  are n't we like at 59 million of population ? 
  here ladies and gentlemen we have a fine specimen of what is named bitchicus italianis a.k.a , `` the bitching italian '' . 
  although there might be many good things bitchicus italianis will always find something to bitch about and complain . 
  even when something is very nice , bitchicus italianis will say it 's not good enough but he will never do anything in order to make things better . 
  he will hate on everything in italy and use unfair conparsions with other countries . 
  for example he will say that slovakia does n't have a problem with pollution of their beaches . 
  bitchicus italianis will also excuse other countries ' mistakes just to make italy look worse . 
  for example if anything violent happens in italy he will bitch about the crime in the country however he will not pay attention to the low homicide rate in the country . 
  when his country , for example , is shown to be a liked tourist destination he will show pictures of trash in naples !, 
  the bitchicus italianis is truly an unique creature capable of finding faults with everything italy does and excuse everyone else !, 
  the current numbers of bitchicus italianis is at about 40 million and growing . 
  they inhabit the appennine peninsula which is beautiful , but do not tell that to the bitchicus italianis - he will say that there are too many mountains . 
  what a marvelous creature !, 
  at least it 's not founded by a comedian ... 
  this study does n't seem really trustworthy . 
  having that said i 'd agree to it 's result . 
  things are simple : the truth is italy 's huge slide downhill started exactly when we accepted the euro . 
  i can see why people would dislike it . 
  ahh , the good old times when italy was in europe and turkey was n't !, 
  i know you 're not a fan of the eu but in this particular situation things would be the same . 
  look at norway . 
   but the panamanian president has refused to back down and says the leaders of spain and italy have a moral duty to help resolve the conflict , based on promises they made to him as he took office in 2009 . 
  lol , you mean like the moral duty they have to serve their country 's best interests ? 
  not really . 
  this comment is going to be deleted as soon as the mods see it . 
  this account is half an hour old currently and is created with the purpose of this comment . 
  got ta wonder . 
  what do they even do with them after they rescue them ? 
  well that lift looks kind of pathetic ... 
  true but then the athletic performance would n't be as awesome . 
  and with the disciplines such games would offer it 's be fun to watch . 
  maybe european-wise or something ? 
   highly-skilled labour i am yet to see a highly skilled muslim . 
  the people she is referring to are usually people from poorer european countries , much often eastern european such . 
  besides even if it were muslims what is the problem ? 
  if we are talking about highly-skilled people here , this means they have a decent education . 
  that usually means they are not fundamentalists or they may even become atheists after moving to a very atheistic country such as norway . 
  i am very much against immigration however i would welcome anyone who actually has nice skills and will contribute to my country . 
  i do n't care if it 's a muslim or whatever . 
  what we * must * limit is immigration of unqualified , uneducated people who just want to exploit our countries . 
  which is sadly the vast majority of immigrants but still . 
  would n't it be more fun if you add athletes from outside of greece ? 
   i 'm sorry to disappoint your racism shhhh ... that is right women , 100 % latin lover-licky licky 10 dolla . 
  20 dolla i make you vagina lago di garda , si ? 
  all here be professionals . 
  all real woman sleep with italian . 
   the turkish migration to anatolia was in the early second millennium ad , by which time greeks had been living throughout anatolia for more than a millennium themselves . 
  when ? 
  greeks have never inhabited most of what is today 's turkey . 
  as i was saying , slavs ( unlike turks ) have white facial features . 
   not different enough for me to say they 're not of the same race . 
  that 's like your opinion , man . 
  i do n't see how i can convince you to see what you refuse to see . 
  they are the same race . 
  just like swedes and indians are the same race . 
  but not the same sub-race . 
   i can identify physical features that are stereotypically `` slavic , '' or `` germanic '' or `` french . 
  i am willing to argue that this is untrue . 
  i would dare you to guess where a person is from by looking at pictures of non-famous people however this is impossible because if we find a random person 's picture we wo n't know where he 's from and if i show you a celebrity you can easily know where they are from . 
  i just want you too look at the italian national football team and admit to yourself how few of them actually fit your stereotype for italians . 
  different turkish tribes inhabited asia minor before the byzantine . 
  ancient greeks live in today 's greece . 
  greeks and turks are a different ethnicity . 
  the byzantine , much like rome had various ethnicities within it 's borders . 
  the greeks were mostly in greece .
