  just because 1 cent is n't a lot does n't mean i 'm throwing it in the trash . 
  you are complaining about xenophobia and racism while insulting people from the balkans . 
  because it comes out of my pocket . 
  oh the irony ... 
  the italian army has once again proven it can not be beneficial in any way . 
  they 'll be receiving food and medical care . 
  sure as hell wonder who 's gon na be paying for that . 
  okay you know what , i 'm done here . 
  you obviously have very different ideas about life than i do and i see no reason in arguing . 
  you may want to see your nation extincted but i sure as hell do n't want that to happen to mine . 
   so he does n't get a chance to fight , at all , because he 's unlucky . 
  cool . 
  such is life . 
  seeing as her ancestors have failed for thousands of years chances are she will too . 
   where did you grow up ? 
  ( joke alert ) the airport ? 
  you joke is not funny . 
  it is true that i 'm from a smaller settlement but what i said still stands . 
   what if italian catholic build a big green cube as a church would it bother you or your race has the right to redecorate your house because it 's theirs to . 
  that 's not even a real sentence . 
  but from what i understand-no it 's not the muslims ' house too . 
   do you think you care about ideals , in those last moments , you 're sweating , your hyperventilating , other people are screaming and crying around you , you feel your chest heavier and heavier , you struggle for breath , you head is spinning and you just feel tired and dizzy , do you think you even care about being a hero in those last moments before you die ? 
  or lets say you survive but are handicapped emotionally and physically . 
  you 'll be a hero for a couple of weeks maybe even months , but after that , the members of your family will be the heroes for taking care of you and loving a broken mind ... in the meantime the general that sent you gets a boost in rank , gets awarded a medal and is declared a public hero , the politician that started the war is a hero and a visionary if he won , or gets labeled the bad guy if he loses ... but you clearly do n't get it , so long live romantic ideals ... fortza italia , go azzuri and the peninsula rules . 
  you said it-we do n't matter . 
  we do n't - our lives are a brief as the clap of a butterfly 's wings . 
  what do the last moments of my life matter ? 
  sure i may regret it in those hours , but all in all it 's a good thing that i left a legacy . 
  plus i do n't think it 's nice to fight for a politician 's ideals . 
  i mean real causes which you believe in . 
  those are what you should fight for . 
  anyhow , if we are to accept all of these people what makes you think they will be different than the gypsies ? 
  they wo n't . 
  why would anyone want such a problem ? 
  and again , why do i need poor immigrants who will only do bad things ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  welfare is n't a huge deficit but it 's still money who can go to increase the pensions of actual italians who have worked hard for the country all their lives instead of going to some lazy slobs that came here to exploit us . 
   would the police intervene if locals would be doing that ? 
  yes , you have a problem with a politically correct police commissioner that cares more about politics rather than his job no , your police commissioner is incompetent and he has to be changed the police ca n't do shit . 
  because the moment he does something he is `` racist '' and all that bullshit . 
  the guy will just denounce him and that 's it . 
  sacrifices need to be made . 
  if a kid has to die i 'm sorry but it 's the parent 's fault for having him . 
  okay , the uae has rich citizens . 
  you can keep denying that but it 's till true . 
   how does a building aggravate you ? 
  that is ridiculous . 
  are you okay with gypsy ghettos or only white ghettos for you ? 
  it takes from my space . 
  you know one of the good things about italy was that there were no ghettos . 
  there were no homeless people . 
  at least i had n't seen any . 
  these are n't problems of the italians . 
  these are problems the immigrants bring . 
  now , they have taken districts of milan and they are slowly turning them into shit holes just like they did with their former countries . 
   well you live in a white bubble , most europeans are actually fine with moderate immigration , as seen by election results even in countries where there is a social problem radical parties rarely break 30 % . 
  and that is a percentage of voters . 
  and not everyone votes . 
  i 'm okay with moderate immigration too . 
  you want to come here and study ? 
  fine . 
  you 're a doctor ? 
  an engineer ? 
  an architect ? 
  you 're welcome . 
  sadly though the vast majority of immigrants are n't like that . 
  they just exploit the country . 
  as for the voters , i would n't vote far right either because immigration is n't the only thing that politics are concerned with . 
  there is economic plans and all that stuff which i dislike in the right . 
   i 'm not mad , just making a joke , that you did n't get nobody is forcing you to do anything !, 
  you are free to do whatever you want , move to another country or spot looking at mosques . 
  that is the problem with chauvinists like you , you 're so insecure about you identity that the mere sight of something different makes you doubt it . 
  for heavens sake , a mosque ? 
  seriously ? 
  no , mosques are ugly and i do not want them anywhere near me . 
  i do n't have to close my eyes . 
  do you want someone redecorating your house ? 
  did n't think so . 
   legacy ? 
  what part of leaders get the glory , ordinary people get bullets you do n't understand ? 
  you get the bullet to make a better world for the future . 
  a death for a cause . 
  everyone dies . 
  we can only choose how to meet that end . 
  ordinary people that get the bullets are heroes . 
   unfair to change the location of that struggle . 
  right ? 
  it 's unfair that your struggle includes screwing me over . 
  so what is it that makes you think that the immigrants that come to italy are so much different than the gypsies to whom you gave citizenship . 
  i do n't want these problems . 
   oh and as long as i threw political correctness out the window , understand this controlled immigration only works on people that are afraid of the law , and those immigrants are only a problem in the dreams of white privileged assholes . 
  before talking about white privileged assholes check out how much of out taxes go to welfare to immigrants . 
  do some research about how immigration increases crime rates . 
  well ... . . fuck you too , america . 
   it 's not that easy of a choice , between letting their children starve and `` slavery '' many will pick the second option . 
  if you are that poor and bring a child to this world you deserve nothing . 
  you 're a moron . 
   my point was that unlike norway where the whole population profits in the uae just the royal family 's inner group profits . 
  the uae has a bigger gdp per capita than germany . 
  you 're wrong-their population profits very much .
