  the romans had numbers . 
  the arabs had numbers as well . 
  we chose arab numbers because they are easier to write , and again out system is made by an european-fibonacci . 
  he added the 0 from india and the rest from the arabs . 
  that guy created it . 
  the arabs did nothing more than the romans , really . 
  no 0 , nothing . 
  just easier to write . 
  saying arabs created mathematics or medicine ( romans knew how to fix bones , do c-sections and much more ) is just complete bullshit . 
  okay as your first map shows most of turkey ( including the capital ) is filled with non-caucasian people . 
   one wonders what you 're going to do with the millions of non-white non-caucasian europeans as well . 
  like who ? 
  which european country has a non-caucasian majority ? 
   if the product does n't matter but only the culture , why do you insist that non-white non-caucasians ca n't be european ? 
  you are only picking my smallest argument about race . 
  yes , the culture matters and turkish culture is n't european which is may main argument . 
  also-there are many ways of making pasta . 
  the chinese discovered it with rice and we with wheat . 
  for example-electricity is part of nature but it 's discovery and use is discovered by western civilization . 
  so it 's a discovery made by the western civilization . 
  get it ? 
  okay if you really insist to hear that the indigenous european population is white caucasian people . 
  it 's different though . 
  tomatoes are a product . 
  a product is something nature gives you so you ca n't claim it 's yours-it 's just there . 
  same goes for rice . 
  but they way the product is prepared is part of a certain culture . 
  we can make rice , but the chinese way of making rice is chinese and it 's part of their culture . 
  pasta as we know it is european . 
  the chinese used to ( and still do ) make pasta from rice . 
  italians make it from wheat . 
  so wheat spaghetti is part of italian culture ( thus european ) and rice spaghetti are part of chinese culture . 
  well we take african and asian asylum seekers all the time , why not this guy ? 
  what are european roots ? 
  you have to be part of the indigenous european population . 
  the fact that mosques were built does n't make them european culture . 
  just like the fact that there are chinese restaurants in europe does n't make chinese food part of european culture . 
  i think srna . 
  of course , you are absolutely right . 
  i just though there was a general dislike . 
  you know like when a game between the national teams was played serbian fans were n't allowed because of fear of some fights . 
  plus some croatian footballers stated they would enjoy revenging for the wars by humiliating the serbs . 
  hate is a strong word but would you agree there 's a dislike ? 
  if you say no i totally respect that-you live there i do n't you surely know better than me . 
  okay i will define european . 
  you need : a fraction of your territory in europe . 
  you need to have the majority of your population european ( born in europe with european roots ) . 
  european culture . 
  mosques are n't european culture . 
  oh i though that screaming to croatians `` turci '' and they replying `` turci '' as well meant you do n't like them . 
  balkan country . 
  they speak a southern slavic language which is basically the same as all of the languages on the balkan besides greek and albanian ( and romanian ) . 
  capital is zagreb . 
  hate the serbs a whole lot but the feeling is mutual . 
  there was a pretty strong fascist organisation called ustase . 
  they used to have the worst border patrols were always the only ones who really searched our car . 
  they are catholics . 
  i may have not said it the way i wanted to . 
  i meant king petr made the structure similar to other european countries . 
  but it has always been a western country . 
  in fact inventions of russians such as the periodic table or the first flight in space are considered of western civilization because they are . 
  i ca n't think of turks inventing anything but if they did it would be considered to not be western because they are in fact , like arabs . 
  as i said-if russia were to become part of the eu the european part of the country would still be bigger than every other country . 
  besides you 're missing the point here . 
  the territory is n't as important as the population . 
  if i 'm not mistaking denmark owns greenland and yet denmark is european . 
  the important thing is that 3/4 of russia 's population is european , with european culture which can not be said about the turks . 
  purely historically , culturally and genetically they are not european . 
  it could that is true . 
  that does n't change the fact that russia is and it has always been a western world country . 
  western includes all of europe , they are part of western civilization . 
  i do not think turkey will be of any good to the eu . 
  come on people , turks are europeans as much as syrians are europeans . 
  just because they have a small piece of land in europe that does n't mean they are european . 
  that 's right we must keep him safe no matter what . 
  if there is turkey there wo n't be serbia and vice versa . 
  politically yes russia and belarus are n't fit to be in the eu . 
  i totally agree with that . 
  but why not in the future ? 
  the reason i do n't want turkey in the eu is quite simple . 
  they are not an european country and they have never been . 
  first of all a very small part of turkey is in europe . 
  if russia joins it 's european part would still be bigger than every european country . 
  what is more most of turkey 's population is in asia . 
  in russia , 3/4 of the population is european . 
  furthermore russia has european culture that is not much different than any slavic country . 
  turkey 's culture resembles the middle east much more than europe . 
  when you go to russia you feel as if you 're in europe-castles , the former lords and stuff . 
  the emperor petr 1 made russia an european country . 
  besides if i remember correctly the russians are the ones who did n't want to be in the eu . 
  we wanted them to be . 
  well how about [ this ] ( http://alesandrab.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/europe-map.gif ) ? 
  for the record , no turkey . 
  god damn it . 
  this nsa thing is getting ridiculous . 
  once great , europeans ruled the whole world . 
  now we 're being spied on . 
  karma bitches . 
  ignorance is a bliss . 
  in italy every single thing is dubbed .
