  i for one find these holidays fun and nice . 
  besides celebrating them keeps our culture alive . 
  meh maybe you 're right . 
  as i said though-even in a post-eu scenario seeing all of europe having military pacts . 
  besides i do n't know how i should feel about being trained by israel . 
  well even if the eu fails i would still like to see a european-wide military pact . 
  but i do think that countries who are on the mediterranean-italy , spain , greece , malta should agree on a pact to protect our seas . 
   who would ever think of fucking with a greece/italy/israel / serbia/cyprus alliance ? 
  is that ironic ? 
  i mean with the military records of each of these countries , except maybe israel but they are backed up by the us . 
   greece and italy union would never work for multiple reasons but a greece/italy defense and military pact would make sense in a post-eu future true . 
   also we are genetically brother countries with southern italy , around 30-50 % dna match depending on which region in southern italy/sicily well yeah but northern italy shares most dna with austria switzerland and bavaria . 
   claim you are now the only and true inheritor to the roman state we already are . 
  with our italian [ brothers ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pkf6pt8zl68/uw4hkfh3g4i/aaaaaaaac6a/amghg6noupa/s1600/clickhandler-1.jpg ), 
  we do n't have the same face ... greece is well off with the rest of the balkans . 
  not to mention toscana , marche and umbria are not and never have been a part of padania . 
   seen as nuking europe . 
  moscow is in europe . 
  one can dream . 
  that 's the plan . 
  rather be alone ... besides mini countries have their own club i forgot to mention . 
  well it is a widely know fact that italy has no friends in europe . 
  you know there are always couples like britain/france or germany/austria or poland/hungary spain/portugal romania/moldova . 
  then there are the countries who just belong together like the baltics or the nordics or the former benelux . 
  then there 's countries who do n't really love each other but are meant to be together and deserve each other like the balkans or the former ussr republics . 
  then ~ ~ there 's countries ~ ~ a country who is always neutral-switzerland . 
  so you know , anyone else who does n't have a friend ... plox ... 
  you just hang in there . 
  [ obligatory ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
  because it 's the first world . 
  people are just gon na complain over the internet . 
  as long as they have it . 
  rest in peace . 
  let us not forget how even american soldiers in vietnam would leave their guns on the field and take an ak home . 
  what if he commits similar crime in regarding the other country of which he has a citizenship ? 
  it 's ridiculous that any person should go to someone and put themselves in the embarrassing situation of asking to view porn . 
  what you do while you watch porn is something very intimate for many people . 
  / u/intangible-tangerine makes it seem as if only teens will be at a disadvantage from this ban . 
  there are many older people who do n't want their so 's knowing they look at porn or maybe people living with their parents . 
  besides i do n't see why teens should be screwed over . 
  it 's only natural for a teen to want to watch porn and not talk to their parents about it . 
  maybe you should specify that you do not want porn . 
  not that you do . 
   average rape victim gets awarded in sweden depends . 
  if the rapist is an immigrant , the victim has to go to prison . 
  yes . 
  there is like ~ 2 euros of `` coperto '' if you sit down . 
  except it 's not per person . 
  it 's per table . 
   really ? 
  that 's our national sport . 
  also the national sport for greece and certain parts of italy . 
  do n't be too harsh on yourself . 
  i do n't think it 's 3-4 euros per person . 
  more like 2 euros per table . 
  i think you got one of those tourist cheating places . 
  and anyway why would you spend hours on a cup of coffee . 
  coffee is something you just drink and then work . 
  you ca n't sloth around on a cup of coffee . 
  just put a potato in your mouth . 
  in related news the sun is hot . 
  that is completely different . 
  they are trying to stop illegal immigrants . 
  britain is trying to change it 's contracts with the eu and bulgaria . 
  yes and probably the world . 
  but it is * extremely * noticeable on the balkans . 
  i think you just proved his point . 
  i do n't think we 're loud . 
  americans are the loudest but i did n't mention you guys because the thread concerns europeans . 
  and i 'm sure that is exactly what they 'll say about you . 
  like you attacked them in 1885 with no reason and stuff . 
  the thing is that , objectively , on the balkans everyone studies the history as they see fit . 
  what one country considers a glorious victory , others will consider a sneaky backstabbing . 
  i hope more people would see that . 
  it would have to be greece . 
  it was a work day , like monday or something . 
  i as a tourist take a walk around the town . 
  and everyone just stands there . 
  the caffes are full on max one table over another . 
  and they just stand there with smiles on their faces discussing stuff with a big bottle of ouzo in the middle of the table . 
  and they just chill . 
  and it was like last year so they were in crisis . 
  very few people actually knew english on a level where we could understand each other . 
  in serbia when younger people met they would just kiss on the lips . 
  i mean girls , not guys . 
  i found that weird . 
  turns out serbs and croats are among the nicest people i have ever had contact with . 
  i did n't expect that . 
  when you travel in turkey , east of istanbul the roads have no white line in the middle . 
  and saw people who just lived on the road . 
  a tent between 2 trees and an entire family under it . 
  also , as long as you pay them they are super nice . 
  the moment our stay at the hotel was over we were treated like shit . 
  also concerning turks . 
  in the end of august , early september they flood the roads between istanbul and zagreb ( then i guess up to germany but we turn west to get into italy ) . 
  they sleep on a parking , in their cars , they wash themselves in gas stations , clogging them quite often . 
  they cook on the side of the highway . 
  they just start a fire and cook right there . 
  sure , most have a deutschland registration but it 's obvious they are n't actual germans . 
  while travelling once my brother and father almost had to get into a fight with a bunch of them .
