  if a country burns ( and i mean the politicians and the government not just some guy ) another county 's flag that usually means declaring war . 
  as a matter of fact in portugal burning the flag or any other country 's flag is punished by law . 
  i agree with you . 
  i meant the non-european immigrants because you guys ( eastern europeans ) are at least civilized folks with some education ( except those damn gypsies ;d ) unlike africans . 
  you should do something to keep the youth in your ( * our * ) countries . 
  it 's not god for western europe when you come and get our jobs and it 's not good that your countries are being deserted . 
  you have beautiful nature and nice people . 
  in my opinion we should put money in your countries ( which we do but your governments steal them ) and help them being an equally nice place of the eu . 
  a functioning economy . 
  well that 's pathetic ... 
  god damn it ... 
  well it sucks how many immigration we suffer . 
  the netherlands do n't suffer as much not just because your country is less famous among their countries . 
  they say `` let 's go to germany/italy/france / britain '' nobody thinks of the netherlands . 
  that is good for you . 
  i personally would deny access to europe to anyone . 
  i do n't care what he/she 's been through . 
  fuck off and do n't bring me any of your shitty genes . 
  yes good one . 
  i like that turks act well where you live . 
  just do n't tell me how great they are though because i know them in a different light . 
  you know the whole standard in these countries is low . 
  it is true it 's not the immigrant 's fault but they sure help it . 
  for example you have italy-the average italian of the north get payed as much as ( or even more ) than your average german . 
  the southerners get paid twice less . 
  when an immigrants come , gains citizenship and starts feeding off welfare that does n't help neither of these groups of people . 
  northern italians start paying more taxes for the immigrants and southern italians do n't get help from the government because the money goes to some immigrant family with more than 3 children . 
  how is that fair ? 
  moreover i ca n't learn any family values from a muslim where women are considered something less than men . 
  but 90 % of immigrants are asylum seekers . 
  for example , in italy you need about 10 years ( not sure that is the exact time ) of working to get citizenship . 
  do you know what most of them do ? 
  they sell cheap bags on the street . 
  the 10 years pass , they get citizenship and quit working , then start feeding on welfare . 
  plus most of them do n't even want to integrate . 
  some time ago they * wanted * segregation . 
  like muslim schools and stuff . 
  i know that probably plenty of people will act `` uncivilized '' but that was an obligatory edit because i do n't want to be blamed for sparking racism . 
  i just want to hear people 's opinion because this is what make us different from the countries immigrants come from . 
  i do n't really think we can learn anything from them . 
  sure maybe w can learn something form the russians , who are after all european and have a great culture and did a lot for the world . 
  however what can i learn from a turk , for example ? 
  well so you say crime . 
  in your example a uk/france citizen . 
  so he commits crimes in the uk and they take his citizenship away . 
  so he moves to france and starts doing the same shit . 
  so what do we do ? 
  it 's not fair that only the uk gets rid of him . 
  he must be put in prison with no citizenship . 
  good but burning flags and suggesting invasions , in my opinion , should be considered treason and the citizenship should be taken away weather it 's double or not . 
  i just put that out there . 
  i know it 's not a near future concern . 
  it just came to me because my cousin started to date a girl from the near town and later they found out they were 3rd cousins or so . 
  needless to say they broke up but still . 
  that i do n't understand . 
  why would anyone have white guilt ? 
  i personally did nothing bad to any person of a different race . 
  why should i feel guilty ? 
  let 's hope that changes in the near future . 
  good . 
  but let me ask you something . 
  what if dual citizens have both parents from different eu countries . 
  that is it fair to take their citizenship away ? 
  they were born a citizen of that country or would you prefer it if they just chose one of the two countries ? 
  also for now that is n't a concern but what should we do when the european population get too identical genetically . 
  we will have to introduce new genes . 
  the criteria thing is good . 
  europe has many cultures , true and i believe we do n't nee any new ones . 
  so having all these problems why do n't our governments do anything about it ? 
  it just seems like they do n't care as if they do not see the crisis and how natives are having less and less children . 
  recently i read a story about black 's discriminating against white in france . 
  in italy , for example in restaurants you have a `` coperto '' which is basically about 2 euro and it 's the bread ( that you have and can eat all you want , even if you just order water you pay the 2 euro `` coperto '' and you can eat bread although nobody does that ever ) . 
  the `` coperto '' also covers the waiter 's service . 
  where i come from you do n't pay to the waiter . 
  he writes you down a check and when you are done eating you go and pay it at the exit so you ca n't really tip waiters even if you want to ( unless you give them while they are serving you ) . 
  one time i said to the guy at the counter to keep the change ( 20 cents or so ) but he totally ignored me and gave me back to the last cent as if he was insulted . 
  that was very humiliating to me . 
  however italy is really region divided so i do n't really know if that is the case in the whole country . 
  edit : til that germans tip more than other europeans and that italians are n't the only ones who do n't tip waiters . 
  buuuurn !!!, 
  well i know and i agree with you . 
  well this is humiliating . 
  oh my god this is the first time i 'm having a gun-airplane-flag boner in my life . 
  well , have a nice cup of stereotyping yourself . 
  ok so imagine the following situation : a fat american eating the next burger is sitting on his computer and thinking : `` today i have to be noticed . 
  the best place is reddit '' so he finds this article and in his american head , after a few hours of thinking , the greatest idea pops out : `` i 'm going to / r/europe and i 'm going to write smelly french people . 
  my genius is unreachable . 
  maybe i should write something about french people surrendering , haha '' there you go french people . 
  they did n't choose america . 
  they just had more money there . 
  none of them thought of themselves as americans . 
  no problem but i think americans should first learn geography ( for example where australia is ) and then history . 
  haha no . 
  they were n't born in america . 
  every single one of them is born in an european country and raised there . 
  the fact that they moved to america because of better financing does not make them american . 
  and italy might be not as old as a country but it has probably the richest history in europe ( except maybe greece ) . 
  italy created so many masterminds that the world would be at least 500 years back from where it is now if it were n't for us . 
  your country is named after an italian . 
  you know man .
