  it 's just tradition and habits . 
  most people in italy prefer a stable meal for lunch . 
  germans do n't . 
  i 'd say it 's bad for their health but that 's all . 
  natural selection at it 's best . 
  we do n't have it . 
  i meant similar places such as mcdonald 's . 
  that 's why i said places like kfc , not kfc . 
  you know these fast foods . 
  i 'll go ahead and make a wild guess here but i think his father did n't share his problems with a cashier but with someone he already though he knew . 
  when a couple of years back i went in asian turkey i noticed they did n't have white lines ( or any lines ) on the roads . 
  and the people living under a sheet that is put on 3 trees . 
  egypt . 
  crazy ass driving . 
  they were basically jumping on the buses . 
  plus they were really really annoying saying `` bakshish '' all the time . 
  i mean they wanted a tip without doing anything . 
  considering i 'm from a country where tipping is a rare occasion this was a huge shock . 
  germany . 
  i though that i 'd hate german food and i would starve . 
  there is n't a huge variety but damn it the food was * really * good . 
  also , turns out in germany most people just eat a sandwich for lunch . 
  it 's like , nobody even goes home or to a restaurant for lunch . 
  the uk . 
  i do n't know if this is common but i went into a kfc . 
  in italy places like kfc or mcdonald 's are clean and often empty . 
  it was so full there were a bunch of arabs that sat to eat on the floor because all the tables were busy . 
  also why the hell do they put the wheel on the wrong side . 
  hello , everyone else has it on the right . 
  and how hard it is to move around london with a car . 
  i did n't say ** kill them ** . 
  killing is immoral and something i 'd never propose . 
  on the other hand we do n't have to save them either . 
  if they feel that it 's ok to die in international waters that 's their problem . 
  just stay away from italy . 
  i do n't care weather you live or die . 
  maybe death during illegal immigration attempts should be considered suicide . 
  hmm i never said they were a box of zucchini . 
  i am also against italians moving illegally to ghana . 
  equality basically . 
  the difference is we do n't do it and they do . 
   everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each state . 
  everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country . 
  if that were true the term * illegal immigration * would n't exist . 
  i think he is a perfect example though . 
  he was raised by italians who made him feel as one . 
  he * is * italian . 
  mixing two cultures is bad . 
  especially when one is over 2000 years ahead of the other . 
  it 's late and i want to sleep now . 
  i 'll watch it but it sounds like propaganda to me . 
  okay yes , they adopted some dialects form . 
  is that what makes an italian ? 
  because they sound like one ? 
  i know people from other countries who studied italian and know italian better than italians . 
  that 's not a good criteria . 
  anyone can learn any language . 
  yeah igiaba scego says `` descide '' instead of `` decide '' . 
  i do n't think that this is enough to make her italian . 
  real italians do n't have jobs . 
  we 're in a crisis . 
  it will take a long time before everyone is okay . 
  we do n't need to feed them . 
  * our * real nation is suffering . 
  they are taking the bread of people who are born here . 
  this is not sweden . 
  our society is in a crisis . 
  sweden 's is n't and yet immigrants cause problems . 
  why should some guy who sold shitty bags on the streets get a pension-money that could go in investments or help for real italians . 
  immigrants are necessary in societies where everything is perfect and everyone is happy so you need someone to clean the streets . 
  we can not have this luxury right now . 
  your point or counter-argument being ? 
  well it is not impossible to get citizenship if you are a second generation immigrant . 
  good example-mario balotelli . 
  i do n't know exactly what they want ( as i was * born * with my citizenship ) . 
  but it 's quite possible . 
  don ' worry . 
  do you know what really got me last summer . 
  i go on the highway , you know ( or maybe not ) the big one . 
  i pass by bergamo . 
  i see the beautiful nature some factories people driving their cars . 
  i say look it 's my beautiful country . 
  i enter milano 's suburbs . 
  i 'm not from milano so we have to ask for some directions . 
  so there 's this bus stop . 
  you see a woman with a burqa with her 5 children and a bunch of black guys sitting on the bench . 
  they are waiting for the bus which i pay . 
  someone similar to them drew some ugly shit all over the stop i pay for ( figuratively ) . 
  but i 'm opened so i ask them in the most respectable way : `` how do i get to the center '' to which i got a dull stare from the black guys and a `` no capire ( do n't understanding-mistake on purpose ) '' from the lady . 
  i bet at least one or two of her little kids were born in italy . 
  i 'm also sure she uses some privileges . 
  she does n't know italian . 
  what language do you think these kids will use at home ? 
  from such a background do you think they would be a valuable contribution to society ? 
  no thank you . 
  that is why i 'm against giving them citizenship . 
  if you are a citizen you must say `` i 'm italian '' . 
  do you think these kids will think of themselves as such ? 
  no , they just eat my tax money . 
  do n't give me back the balotelli example and how he feels italian-he feels italian because he was raised by italians .
