  why am i facing a trial and possibly fines/jail time for a bunch of people who come here to exploit my country ? 
  not to mention this is the exact policy of australian authorities . 
  i 'd like to see the comment where i said i 'd be happy . 
  what i probably said is that i would n't care-which is true-people i do n't know or care about die every day . 
  i do n't see why these people , who also happen to be criminals , should be different . 
  keep calling them asylum seekers . 
  they are still criminals . 
  besides the asylum seeker rights are being abused . 
  you know who 's a real asylum seeker-edward snowden . 
  you have to understand that most of these people , they live in the jungle or the desert or in a small village or maybe a city-they are n't persecuted . 
  they just want a batter life for which i do not blame them , but that does n't mean we have to provide it to them . 
  depends on who 's benefiting , really . 
  normally an expat is sent to where he 's going-meaning he is sent by his company , offered a job there . 
  in other words he does n't go uninvited-he goes to a stable for him place and his life usually still circles around his old country . 
  an immigrant goes * in hope * for something like a job . 
  he is settling to find a new life and most importantly-he goes there uninvited . 
  the fact that some immigrants like to call themselves expats is a whole different argument . 
   that 's just ius soli , very common in all of the `` new world '' plus other countries with large immigration , keeps it simple . 
  i do n't want to be like the `` new world '' and i do not think it makes things simpler . 
  makes it simpler for them to exploit the country . 
  i could n't care less . 
  because they usually are n't expats , they are immigrants . 
  lambroso does n't see a difference between expat and immigrant but it exists . 
  meanwhile in italy : the main party is trying to make everyone born in italy an italian citizen and abolish the crime of illegal immigration . 
  pretty sure that 's exactly what hitler thought . 
  really ? 
  italy is among the largest economies in europe . 
  and it 's not sable . 
  if italy were as stable as germany the eu would n't have a match in this world . 
  so yes , major political changes in one of the eu 's biggest economies is of a huge interest to anyone living in europe . 
  that 's as simple as it is . 
  renzi has a huge chance to become italy 's next prime minister . 
  you care about his politics-starting from immigration to the eu and finishing at the economy of the eu . 
  this news is much more relevant to you as a swede than the protests in ukraine . 
  besides have you seen the front page ? 
  street art in kiev lenin statue toppled . 
  you care about this . 
  as for my personal heritage i do n't see what besides lombard/gothic/venetian / gaul ( with this being the most unlikely ) it can be . 
  sicily and southern italy could bother . 
  the normans occupied that area for a long time . 
  although the mediterranean look is prevalent there because of dominant and recessive genes . 
  i 'm sure they have some germanic blood . 
  and what about slavic people ? 
  are they okay ? 
  they 're pretty white . 
  and what about the french ? 
  they are n't germanic but they are celtic and , genetically , they are closest to the brits so those two nations come to mind . 
  are they okay ? 
  yup , that 's nazi agenda alright . 
  so another question out of curiosity comes to mind . 
  what about italians ? 
  are we welcome ? 
  like , you know , we were the ones who basically invented these whole ideologies and shit . 
  so would they be okay with me going to sweden ? 
   only people who belong to the western genetic and cultural heritage , where ethnic swedes are included , should be swedish citizens . 
  so , say a german , a brit and a spaniard are welcome but an indian , a ghanian and a chinese are n't ? 
  thank you . 
  i do n't know why i was living with the idea that people in that part of russia would be more asian . 
  i thought people in vladivostok would look different given their geographical location . 
  you already know then . 
  switzerland is the new italy . 
  work . 
  on a related note northern european euroscepticism might at some point catch up with southern european euroscepticism . 
  by which i mean italy . 
  this guy hates the whole idea of the eu to the core and somehow blames italy 's problems on the eu . 
  for the eu obviously . 
  this is such a surprise . 
  i understand that they spied on germany but i ca n't comprehend how they had the balls to spy on italy . 
  again i did n't see that coming . 
  many do n't . 
  i 'm too lazy to search for sources . 
  anyhow i often travel between the balkans in the summer . 
  passing through croatia and serbia is absolute hell because of the thousand of turks . 
  with cars with german registrations . 
  they sleep on parkings , they cook beside the highways . 
  they are literally hordes , they clog the toilets of every gas station . 
  they turn the whole journey through these countries into a complete hell . 
  these are not integrated people to european society . 
  how i judge being european : having land in europe . 
  the population being mostly european . 
  having european culture . 
  cyprus answers two of these criteria-maybe even all 3 . 
  turkey only does 1 . 
  although italy is in crisis and all that it 's still among the most influential countries of the eu . 
  besides even if our power is small , i do n't want to make it even less . 
  there was an article here on / r/europe some time ago . 
  about how they do n't want to let go of their turkish citizenship . 
  if you dig around you 'll find it . 
  it would appear so . 
  there are 75 million truks . 
  this is more than there are italians . 
  i would not want such a big country in the eu because it would have way too much power . 
  turkey is not european . 
  turks have shown themselves as incapable to integrate to german society . 
  they refuse to let go of their turkish citizenship although they are 3rd-4th generation which is ridiculous . 
  as much of an europhile i am , i see this as a huge red flag . 
  if turkey becomes an eu country or turks are allowed freely in the eu , i would like to see italy leaving the union . 
  well i guess greatly is a strong word but they were kind of exaggerated . 
  the chick is not super hot or something but i think she 's good looking . 
   of course nuking your allies was not good for you .
