  it 's history as it is , just the glorious moments are talked about more than the rest and so it should be . 
   to defend them from russia god damn it you are so ignorant . 
  i have never disputed tge chinese inventions . 
  they invented gun powder . 
  however schools teach history as it is . 
  it is not their fault the greatest and most important inventions are european . 
  yeah well you hear about them in history classes mainly because they did the most important inventions . 
  you 're medically right . 
  but i do n't feel comfortable with american military bases on italian territory . 
  it 's not because of the radio coms . 
  it 's because i do n't want american bases . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this but good job sicilians . 
  well tell your father 's friends that i 'm taking personal responsibility to try and change their lifestyle . 
  also a big problem with many italian people is how much they love to complain about everything . 
  this nation need one thing and one thing only-discipline . 
  well it 's normal that white supremacy was born in europe . 
  because europe is inhabited by white people . 
  the japanese thought they were the superior asians and i 'm pretty sure that there are black supremacists . 
  anyway the colonization thing is a really pathetic liberal excuse . 
  colonization did n't start until the 1500 ' which is pretty damn late . 
  we had the greeks with great cultures a long long time ago . 
  ancient european cultures were more ahead than some countries are now . 
  anyway i 'm just saying i 'm proud to be european and italian and i think europe is a land of greatness that has driven the world ahead since ancient times . 
  i do n't think that being proud to be european is nsdap-like . 
  hey , i 've been to the deeper south only a few times and it 's a whole different lifestyle . 
  but i know many amazing people from there . 
  what is your experience ? 
  i 'm okay with you feeling dutch and in fact i think that 's the way it should be : you immigrated there and you better start feeling like one of them . 
  that 's the difference between european and non-european immigrants but that 's off the point . 
  i have to disagree on the power thing . 
  parts of italy , especially rome , ruled the whole of europe due to religion before martin luther . 
  venice and genoa were powerful republics , in a both economic and military sense . 
  plus italy has done a lot more than simply being powerful . 
  attila the hun was powerful but he remains a damn barbarian . 
  it 's not power . 
  it 's what you leave behind for future generations . 
  and italy is a place that has achieved much more than most other european countries ( and thus in the world ) . 
  we carry the blood of our forefathers . 
  we carry their genes . 
  this means we are capable of doing achievements similar to theirs . 
  genetics is really important . 
  they did n't happen to be born somewhere though . 
  there 's a reason almost every great person is born in europe . 
  do you feel italian ? 
  if you do it 's not good to spew bullshit on your own country . 
  especially if you call italy the mexico of europe . 
   yeah , i mean like a real empire , not a couple years ' occupation . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  britain had it 's colonies , italy did . 
  britain had larger colonies and held them for a longer time . 
  nobody is disputing that . 
  the fact that we did n't have them fr a long time does n't mean anything . 
  that like saying genghis khan 's mongolia was n't really an empire because it lasted much less than the chinese empire . 
   oh i do n't know , completely torn apart by gangs and corruption ? 
  this comment alone shows exactly how much you know about italy . 
  even i ca n't dare to speak for the entire country since it 's a really regional place , figure about yourself . 
  anyway , where i 'm from there are no such things as gangs . 
  where i 'm from organized crime is practically assent . 
  corruption is a recent phenomenon caused by berlusconi and his party . 
   have you worked hard to achieve this ? 
  actually yes i have . 
  i throw my trash in the garbage , i try not to be in anyone 's way , i 'm living my life without exploiting anyone , i pay taxes ( well not exactly me but ) . 
  i do n't do crime . 
  i do n't give in my primal instincts like it is in most african countries . 
  i buy things legally and help the economy with my little contribution . 
  i am a human being who is one of the many to make the country a better place . 
  and the thing about naples is blown out of proportion . 
  the way you 've been thought in the netherlands is the same i have been . 
  oh my god , do n't go south of florence . 
  it 's so dangerous , it 's such a shithole . 
  it 's anarchy . 
  these people do n't respect rules . 
  but it 's not true . 
  i mean there is some truth to it but it 's mostly bullshit . 
  it 's not so scary . 
  you might have turned out just the same person in naples . 
  cyprus . 
   two only western european countries who never had colonies we had colonies although they were n't as big as british ones . 
  we had libya , somalia and ethiopia . .  only has existed as a country for a mere 150 years yeah well so has germany . 
   basically the mexico of europe how ? 
  how are we the mexico of europe ? 
  how ? 
  in what way ? 
   also , who is `` we '' ? 
  when have i said we ? 
  no you know i 'm sorry , i got all offended . 
  you 're right rescuing them and sending them back is the right thing to do . 
  yes berlusconi was a joke . 
  yes he had sex with some girl who was 17 ( age of consent is 14 so that 's not a problem ) . 
  problem is he paid . 
  besides you do n't see me emigrating . 
  the fact that we had fascist is hardly your business . 
  also , i do n't think that a british person has any right to make judgement over ww2 fighting because on your side , the russians carried you . 
  also the statement that we presumably switched sides is completely false . 
  if you had read a little history you 'd know that italy did n't switch sides and in fact parts of italy fought until the very end . 
  besides our ww2 performance no matter how pathetic is completely irrelevant . 
  i do n't care about the shitty conditions they live in . 
  it 's not my problem . 
  also , before you call italy a mediocre country i should probably tell you that the hdi in italy is higher than the one in the uk . 
  also , i wo n't let them die because they are from another country .
