   has anybody obligated you to pray to allah ? 
  also why be a bully ? 
  just to prove how much more entitled you are ? 
  not yet but i have to put up with their mosques , with their ghettos , with their signs `` behead those who insult islam '' . 
   the majority decides , and people are in general kind towards those less fortunate , but you 're right you do n't have to put up with people that are different than you , you can always move somewhere less tolerant we 've been over this . 
  most of italians and europeans are against immigration . 
  that is why the right is on such a raise all over europe . 
  besides are you mad ? 
  so i should move out of * my * bloody home , because of them ? 
  see that is the problem i have with immigration and their supporters like you . 
   history is only a ego stroking story told by winners to future generations , also kings , presidents , and leaders are remembered , but the people that actually fight are just bodies , they are a resource , elements in a statistical sum of bodies . 
  i 'm sorry to spoil it , but we do n't matter . 
  best case scenario you make an impression on those around you and you will be remembered a couple of decades after you die . 
  it 's not about being remembered forever . 
  it 's about leaving a legacy . 
  it 's about fighting for a better future . 
  besides what the hell do you know about immigration ? 
  do you even have immigrants in romania ? 
  south africans play a lot of rugby . 
  sweden is famous with ikea . 
  guess they always have a solution and exactly what you need . 
  indians consider the cow a holy animal . 
  i guess praying to the cow is their solution . 
  the urbanization and the industry of northern italy were always going by french/german/austrian trends . 
  the south not so much . 
  there are different mentalities . 
   so is it an insult , if a say to a sicilian : you look venetian ? 
  no ... is it an insult to say to a spanish `` you look german '' ? 
  it 's not offensive but the spanish and the germans look different ( on average ) . 
  it 's the same case . 
  if the indian does n't like it he can get out . 
  i do n't see why this is so hard to understand . 
  the arabs , who are the native population of the uae profit from their country and the happiness of others is not their concern . 
  i do n't mind europe being like that . 
  again . 
  they came here on their own free will . 
  it 's not fair that they should come here * and * impose their rules . 
  they came , they should put up with us . 
   but so is time and you are n't going to be able to stop that anyway . 
  we can stop it . 
  it 's called immigration control . 
  i do n't have to put up . 
   you are a person , you are defined by your actions not your history your actions are what makes history . 
  if you do n't take action , there is no history of you . 
  if you get assimilated by the french it 's like you never existed . 
  as i said education is free . 
  they just need to pick the fruit which they do not . 
  i will not stand the annihilation of my nation . 
  mixed kids . . their hotness is a matter if opinion . 
  their academic achievements-pathetic . 
   what ?!, 
  best kid for the school ? 
  what do you think public schools are for ? 
  they 're for every kid , and they 're supposed to ensure that every kid has a chance at being the best man for the job . 
  you know like getting into university . 
  best person for the school . 
  the quotas exist in america for example . 
  research affirmative action . 
   i think you 're dramatically underestimating how hard life is for immigrants , and probably overrating how hard you think life is for yourself . 
  i do n't care . 
  i did n't ask them to come here , i do n't owe them anything . 
  if they do n't like it they are free to leave . 
  if i am unwelcome somewhere i wo n't go there-simple as that . 
   include their children in your schools , ensure they have economic opportunities , etc ? 
  no you see that would be discrimination against the locals . 
  best kid for the school , best man for the job . 
  it 's not fair that they have a quota and a local kid get fucked over because we have to assimilate them . 
  everyone should be equal . 
  right now , usually immigrants have the privilege . 
  so they wo n't assimilate . 
  they like it that way . 
  there are huge historical differences . 
  first of all italy was never united . 
  sure , romans made it their favorite peninsula but they did n't unite it . 
  the south was a the time truly a place of great culture , being greek colonies . 
  italia cisalpina was inhabited by celtic and germanic tribes . 
  also called gallia cisalpina . 
  then , when rome fell all of italy was invaded by barbarians but a huge part of them actually settled in the north and only raided the south . 
  lombards , venetians , goths . 
  they settled in the north of italy and today we even have regions named after them . 
  of course latin , being a great language replaced their germanic languages but that never quite broke the bond . 
  the reason for this settling is that the padana valley is very fertile and also it 's very protected-the adriatic to the east , the alps to the north , the appeninnes to the south and west . 
  in other words a perfect location to settle . 
  meanwhile the south had it 's kingdoms who were very dependent to the pope . 
  sicily belonged to the arabs . 
  meanwhile the north was part of the holy roman empire , had republics or was part of austria-hungary later on . 
  while the north was ruled by austria , the south was ruled by spain . 
  one has a different impact than the other . 
  seeing as the two parts had completely different development it 's normal that they live very differently to this day . 
  people even look different for god 's sake . 
  italy as country is n't even 200 years old . 
  of course there is huge impact on today 's italy . 
  we are talking about thousands of years . 
  yes , attempts have been smashed . 
  just like the attempts of italians to free themselves from foreigners . 
  eventually italians and romanians succeeded . 
  i honestly do not see what point you 're trying to make with your trade argument . 
  as for disparity of wealth just look at the uae . 
  they are filthy rich . 
  you just see ferraris and lambos on the streets .
