  what offends me is the pure ignorance of the people who truly believe that . 
  how stupid do you have to be ? 
  like there was a legit thread in / r/italy named [ `` are there redheads in italy ? 
  '' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/italy/comments/16gm1b/are_there_redheads_in_italy/ ), 
  thank you for proving my point . 
  a briton thinking he understands humor better than germans . 
  the irony , 
  apply water to the burnt area . 
  ok now this is bullshit . 
  everyone knows beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
  sure , brits are n't famous for their awesome looks but there are plenty of good looking people from there . 
  british people calm the fuck down . 
  breathe . 
  now stop being butt hurt . 
  clever spain ... 
  breaking news : this applies to most of eastern europe . 
  as someone who has lived on the balkans and is a citizen i would not say i have ever heard of this . 
  war tax sounds like bullshit . 
  well that is really the result of the crisis . 
  you ca n't say the crisis has nothing to do with it . 
  and it 's just an image . 
  op named it that . 
  maybe he is blaming the crisis not the ones who made the study . 
  you went there . 
  yes every county bares it 's fault . 
  i mean you do n't see switzerland complaining right ? 
  but it is also the crisis . 
  perhaps you hate serbia too much . 
  come on from which former yugoslavian republic are you ? 
  i can see the pure hate . 
  we both know that even if serbia did hide criminals ( i assume you meat ratko mladic ) the hiding of 1 criminal would n't affect the economy , especially given the fact that he was found in 2011 . 
  another thing-serbia did n't hide him . 
  the state did n't hide him . 
  the citizens did . 
  things have not ever got too unpleasant . 
  so are you saying that since this is n't a public forum ( which it is if you think about it ) people ca n't speak ? 
  obviously in these cases the mods have not found it necessary to silent people . 
  who are you to judge their authority ? 
  what is this , a free speech arena ? 
  thatcher is not any political figure . 
  when this sort of thing happens people do n't usually celebrate . 
  thatcher is different because she had ideas that are not so accepted . 
  she was homophobic , she did not support nelson mandella but instead was a friend of some fascist dictator . 
  she was strict . 
  i can recall a story of some british workers who did a protest and she totally screwed them over . 
  she did not give a fuck about those citizens . 
  she was supporting british isolationism and did not want to work together with the rest of europe . 
  she did n't allow minorities equal rights ( from what i 've heard ) . 
  also she was pretty `` strict '' on the whole falkland islands thing ( damn straight if you ask me ) se here you go . 
  that 's why many people hate her . 
  ** but whatever people say she was a good leader , just not the one britain needs right now **, 
  they are not blaming it on anyone . 
  they are just announcing the results of the crisis in serbia . 
  i 'm pretty sure every single country can make an analysis concerning what has happened to it through the crisis . 
  and i doubt there will be a lot of countries who scored positive . 
  since most big sites as american i think that however it will affect americans it will affect us . 
  whatever happens to american reddit happens here too . 
  i 'm no expert feel free to correct me . 
  well obviously that opinion too , must be spoken since as i see it was upvoted ( thus most of the people that saw it agreed ) . 
  well discussing immigration and multiculturalism is a part of europe and may very well be defined as the biggest problem europe has had since world war 2 . 
  i see no reason that this subject should not be discussed because it is an important one that concern all our futures if we are to live on this continent . 
  are you saying that we should n't discuss problems such as the one that immigrant do a lot of crime ? 
  it has to be discussed . 
  as of now i 'm not saying weather i agree with any side or not . 
  i 'm just saying that those are major tendencies that must be a primal objective of our society , even on the internet . 
  and as pathetic that right is-the man deserves it . 
  it 's a right . 
  you ca n't take it away . 
  and most of these 27k are european . 
  are you saying that just the initial 10k are allowed to speak their mind just because they happened to agree with your point of view . 
  all 27l of us have the right to speak . 
  i feel like you 're trying to censor people with different opinions just you do n't like it . 
  i though that in out discussion we clarified that i was not being racist . 
  you see people from kosovo ( according to my sources ) are white . 
  i , on the other hand , am white as well . 
  am i being racist against white people . 
  thus myself ? 
  xenophobia would be much more accurate but it ca n't be since kosovo is n't a real country . 
  it 's rather sad . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but in the usa english is the official language is it not ? 
  you should know that ours is plural . 
  am i wrong ? 
  so obviously dear / r/europe we should also buy americans english books . 
  and you know-if i make a mistake it 's ok . 
  i 'm not born in an english speaking country . 
  even if i were a mistake would be ok-everyone does mistakes . 
  but correcting a mistake that does not exist is pure ignorance . 
  also : before making maps of other planets try learning an already made map of this one . 
  thank you !, 
  well i would say that those are just jokes . 
  i do not remember posting anything like this on a serious subreddit such as / r/europe . 
  honestly if you think about it every single joke is offensive towards someone . 
  the jokes that are n't offensive are n't funny either . 
  obviously i do not mean any of these things . 
  i just happen to like these kinds of jokes and i think they are funny . / r/imgoingtohellforthis is based on offensive jokes about anything-sex , race , tragedies ( such as the current boston marathon ) . 
  i have said it and i 'll say it again-that is no more than a joke . 
  i do not mean any of my comments in / r/imgoingtohellforthis . 
  i could make a throwaway account ( much like yourself ) and use it for less politically correct subreddits and comment . 
  the thing is i do n't see a point in doing that . 
  well i would n't call it as much racism .
