  but then again who knows ? 
  as i said-either add all the regions or none . 
  [ here they are ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regions_of_italy ), 
  i personally do n't see why this comment got so downvoted . 
  if anything turkey belongs in asia much more that in europe . 
  most of it 's territory is in asia most of it 's population is in asia the language is much closer to arabic than to any european the religion is the same as in the middle east ( asia ) the culture is more asian than european turkey , through all it 's history has been a big threat and enemy to european countries , not the other way around . 
  i do n't see why they try to be in europe so badly . 
  is it a shame to be asia to them ? 
  because that 's the truth . 
  i thought we already talked about this germany ... 
  [ northern italy was hit by a tornado ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/video/2013/may/05/northern-italy-tornado-hail-video ), 
  i am talking about immigration and immigrants that stay for the rest of their life . 
  especially those who come from outside of europe . 
  schengen is awesome concerning economies since it makes tourism easier and it makes trade much easier and faster . 
  not to mention how comfortable it is not to wait for hours at a border . 
  i see . 
  no i am against non-european multiculturalism and i 'm pretty sure that is exactly what op wanted to know . 
  i failed to understand you . 
  what hegemony ? 
  i have nothing against other europeans but i do think it 's better for everyone to stay in their country seeing as some europeans countries ( bulgaria , romania , poland ) have a population on the decline and desperately need their people in their country not in another one . 
  i see . 
  well ass holes . 
  but come on , why not feed poor people ? 
  i 'm not greek so i 'm not aware of the other actions of gd . 
  and you ca n't compare them to hitler . 
  thanks to hitler 60 million people died . 
  who did these guys kill ? 
  they just give away food as they see fit . 
  at this point i 'm just starting to wonder when war will break out in asia . 
  as i said-they can feed whoever they want to . 
  yes , what they do is immoral . 
  yes , what they do is unfair . 
  and yes , thanks to them some people will go to bed with full stomachs . 
  you must be american . 
  plus would you rather have the people starve ? 
  well if i want to give out free food i 'd give it to whoever the fuck i want . 
  if i want to i 'll just give free food to people that have two different eyes . 
  i do n't see why they ca n't spread their resources the way they find necessary . 
  i think that europe is already way too multicultural and i would like it if we were less multicultural . 
  i see but if the uk leaves the eu does that mean that all of these products will stop being sold here ? 
  i mean if the uk leaves think we can still do business , no ? 
  i mean the eu in general . 
  so basically oil since we have the other things . 
  we can get oil from elsewhere too ( probably for a big more money ) . 
  what you are basically saying is that if scotland were to leave the uk ( i mean it 's scotland that provides the oil right ? ), 
  the uk would be useless . 
  as i said-it is better for you guys to stay in . 
  i 'm uninformed ... what do you guys sell to us ? 
  in my opinion * nothing * serious would happen . 
  economies-i do n't think the uk either helps or ruins the economies of anyone so not lots of change here . 
  immigration-the uk would stop getting so many immigrants from eu countries such as bulgaria , romania and poland . 
  that is if you decide to stop them you wo n't be forced to by the eu . 
  also you wo n't have to give them equal job chances by 2014 . 
  so that changes for you guys . 
  politics-it will be much more peaceful . 
  nobody will disagree with * herr * merkel . 
  no big debates since you guys seem to be the only ones who disagree with general decisions . 
  defense-we 're currently not at war so nothing would change . 
  if war had to break out i 'm pretty sure the uk would still be on the side of the eu so no big change . 
  if the uk decides to not help the eu than we lose a nuclear power . 
  no major changes . 
  i think he uk would lose more than the eu but whatever . 
  could anyone explain to me how these `` studies '' are done because obviously i fail to understand them and how they are done . 
  really ? 
  no basis ? 
  how would you explain the sharia then ? 
  many are * still * suspicious is wrong . 
  many are beginning to be suspicious and with time there will be more and more . 
  i do n't care about the bullshit you think-islam is violent , it does n't respect human rights . 
  so are most of muslims . 
  islam is scary . 
  you are right . 
  i did say it will take more time . 
  what we ( as a continent ) really need is a strong leader . 
  one that will not compromise and will do anything for our well being . 
  a strong person . 
  i see merkel is trying to be that person but she 's just not good enough and she never will be . 
  the truth about the warsaw countries is that while the change really needed to happen it did n't have to happen so fast . 
  the local economies should have had more time to get used to the new system . 
  calm down bulgaria 's population wo n't be replaced by immigrants . 
  it will be replaced by the native turks and gypsies . 
  i know it sucks but unless we do something that 's the way things will be . 
  i really like the eu as an idea and i hope it stays and expands hopefully adding all countries in europe ( which will surely take more than 10 years though ) . 
  we should really make the euro official everywhere but that would take longer because countries such as bulgaria and romania need to be more stable economically . 
  otherwise the euro will fuck them up just like it fucked up italy . 
  the country needs to ready for it . 
  get rid of all borders . 
  100 % free trade . 
  united health care and infrastructure and education . 
  while every country should have it 's own juridical system we should all accept common laws . 
  this will take more than 10 years . 
  the way things are going though europeans wo n't last really wrong . 
  we are currently being replaced by foreigners and we all know how their countries looks like . 
  the same is going to happen here . 
  well if you are born in denmark wre n't you danish ? 
  i love how the us brainwashes people into being patriotic for a country that is barely has a nation . 
  come on people i realize that not * everyone * is uneducated , criminal , slave trader . 
  some are most recent add ups but still immigrants and do not really respect immigrants of any sort . 
  there are a few exceptions . 
  ok ... i said they are unwanted now not that they were unwanted then ( which they were but i had n't said it yet ) i never said unclean either .
