  how nice . 
  first of all you are pulling that shit out of your ass . 
  what i said back then was that i support the serbs for protecting their land . 
  i did not justify killing because taking a life is not something one can justify . 
  however i did and i still support the serbs for their stolen land . 
  so if it was so clear can you tell me where i said i 'm a serb ? 
  because i did not . 
  do you think i have to be serbian to support their side of the argument . 
  obviously not clear enough since i have nothing to do with serbia . 
  now why would you think that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've always had the italian flag except for a few days where i had the eu flag ( which a serb would rarely put ) . 
  why would you think i 'm serbian ? 
  well nobody is better than best korea because we do n't have that handsome motherfucker kim-jong . 
  but seriously how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  really i think we should cooperate and help each other because we 're all brothers . 
  be helpful as much as we can and all . 
  but not at the cost of our national culture . 
  maybe but i do n't want to see my corner deserted :(, 
  yes . 
  that is bullshit . 
  we are different nations and we should keep it that way . 
  yes we must cooperate in everything and help each other . 
  but we are different . 
  we ca n't just assimilate . 
  fuck the free movement . 
  i see . 
  well the situation sucks but up here the middle pay is about 30 000 a year , which would be 2500 a month and is obviously higher than what you said . 
  although yes , your numbers are precise for italy as a whole . 
  it is true that life is really expensive . 
  then again leaving is n't the answer . 
  it never is . 
  you ca n't run away from your problems.the last years were really hard but hopefully things are getting better . 
  monti sort of ruined the life of a lot of people but that stabilized the situation a little . 
  i think things can be and will be better . 
  that is , of course , in the south . 
  probably something similar to whatever occitania is . 
  well look at all these separatists uniting . 
  i was recently introduced to this case and no that was not the woman . 
  i mean they 're not chinese or anything-those are two completely different women and the person who spread that rumor does propaganda as well-it 's just the other way around . 
  the woman in the video clearly had a sharper nose and chin . 
  her hair is a bit darker . 
  not all blonde people look the same you silly goose . 
  also smaller eyes that are more upwards . 
  i mean really dude - [ exhibit a ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xgggc.jpg ) , [ exhibit b ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-olm_jqrmh6s/uacd06b1bzi/aaaaaaaaake/tom0fk-qdns/s1600/krantz6.png ) . 
  oh yeah i forgot ... we have this thing ... um ... freedom of speech . 
  i have a question : how do they find this out ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that most of the european countries ( if not all ) have constitutions and laws that are equal for everybody . 
  italy surely does as well as bulgaria . 
  what do you mean that some are equaler ? 
  it 's a legitimate question . 
  how do they decide this ? 
  yet more propaganda bullshit . 
  statistics are pretty clear about the fail of different cultures living together weather they are immigrants or not . 
  multiculturalism has failed everywhere . 
  crime rates in america are much higher from the non-white population . 
  cities with white minorities ( thus majorities of a particular race ) have the highest crime rates and have turned into huge gettos . 
  i 'm tired of being pc . 
  let 's face it . 
  multiculturalism is a huge fail wherever you go . 
  the simple truth is that immigrants just can not get along with our society , a statement proven multiple times . 
  i 'm sure we would n't be able to fit in their societies . 
  the problems is they are coming here , we 're not going there . 
  they have different culture and for thousands of years they have always been different than us and we have been different than them . 
  we still are . 
  and yes , i know there are exceptions but they are rare . 
  we just ca n't get along . 
  we have never been able to and i do n't see what makes people think that something will change . 
  we help their developing countries all the time and they still suck . 
  mock my word if things continue they way they are horrible things will happen . 
  so you 're telling me that places in europe that have many immigrants suck ? 
  no shit . 
  we 're all living in a lie and you know it . 
  immigrants are n't helpful to the country 's economy . 
  they were once , not anymore . 
  you know it i know it . 
  the statistics not only show that they bring misery , but they also increase crime levels . 
  for example in 2010 in norway every rape was committed by immigrants . 
  in sweden immigrant minorities commit 5x more crimes than the whole native population . 
  same goes for way too many of the countries . 
  close the borders . 
  and sweden is taking it 's multicultural propaganda way too seriously . 
  [ this is sponsored by the government ( slightly nsfw ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcdmgu-xi30 ) . 
  as someone said in the comments stay classy , sweden . 
  not sure which one of them is dumber ... 
  totally agree with them though . 
  we should start having sex with nazis . 
  especially the blond ones with the big bewbs . 
  oh no i 'm so scared - . -, 
  yeah but they are way too hardcore . 
  oh god not so long ago i asked this in / r/italy . 
  that , together with a little research i have to say really hard . 
  first of all there are 3 categories-tiro sportivo ( for sports ) , patentino di caccia ( for hunting ) and difesa personale ( personal defence ) . 
  you can easily get the hunting and the sports one but the trick is you are not allowed to go around with it . 
  you just keep them home all the time and you can only take them out when you go hunting . 
  it 's like home -  the car -  the shooting place/a hunting forest -  the care -  home . 
  on top of that you need to prove that you are sane and there is limited amount of munition for every gun you have . 
  so that basically nothing . 
  when you put it together with our law where it 's almost impossible to shot someone even if you 're attacked . 
  for the hunting one you have to get an allowing to hunt which is hard enough by itself because the number of hunters is regulated by the law to keep enough animals . 
  basically another hunter must die for you to become one and replace him .
