  in my opinion italy should be in the uncommon section . 
  i rarely go to restaurants but most of the time you do n't even pay the waiter-you pay to a cashier . 
  and since tipping is done to show a waiter you appreciated his/her work i do n't see why you would tip a cashier . 
  but that 's just me . 
  plus since italy is really regional maybe it 's not like that in other parts of the country . 
  besides the service ( and all the bread you want ) is covered by a coperto which is different in some places but it 's never more than 2 euro ,, 
  most are brown . 
  any non-brown gypsy is definatly a mix with some person . 
  i take my words back . 
  obviously some people do marry gypsies but that 's really rare . 
  yeah those who attacked her were assholes . 
  they should have called the police to deal with this criminal that was not obeying french law instead of dealing with it themselves . 
  damn anarchists . 
  yes all of them are brown . 
  gypsies originate in india which is why they look like indians and i have a hard time imagining any european getting married to a gypsy . 
  i have n't seen it and i do n't think anyone would do it . 
  actually as a % of the population bulgaria has the most . 
  but since bulgaria is like 7 millions and romania is 20 millions there is a larger number of gypsies in romania , but a smaller % . 
  bulgaria has also the biggest % of turks in the population . 
  i 've lived a long time in bulgaria and i have never seen one integrated gypsy . 
  at all . 
  not one whatsoever . 
  maybe romania is handling it better . 
  right next to italy . 
  when you drive in the friuli area you can catch slovenian radio and once i heard an advert about some exotic restaurant that sold elphenat meat , kangoroo meat , crocodile meat and some shit like that . 
  the drive through slovenia 's highways is absolutely gorgeous . 
  trees around the highway and some awesome houses everywhere that have kind of the alpine taste but are different . 
  they are considered south slavic and if you know any south slavic langauge slovenian is completely comprehensible . 
  it looks more european than the other former yugoslavian republics . 
  it 's capital , ljubljana is awesome , although small . 
  except italy . 
  italy has a damn star . 
  well that was some a 100 years ago . 
  but yeah , it was n't good for the country . 
  no , try to help make their countries better for them so they do not have to move . 
  how about some are qualified and they are the brain drain ? 
  some are qualified . 
  most are n't but still . 
  some are others are n't . 
  it 's in any way a bad situation for at least one of the countries . 
  their flag is a big plus . 
  this sucks so bad . 
  first it sucks for the uk because they will have to feed a bunch of workers who are rarely qualified . 
  it also sucks for bulgaria and romania because they are suffering a large brain drain and a lot of workers are leaving . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  bulgarians and romanians will keep emigrating because their countries do n't provide enough money for a nice lifestyle but the country ca n't possible provide a good lifestyle because there 's a huge brain drian and lack of young working force . 
  you see that 's the whole problem with italy . 
  the lack of discipline and respect for the rules . 
  well to be honest most people do , i say as much as in other countries . 
  the difference is that here the idiots are very very loud and very well heard . 
  and the normal people just do n't want to get involved . 
  discipline and rules people-that is all we need . 
  since italian rues are already good enough time to introduce some discipline into following them , and not letting the idiots ( berlusconi supporters ) be so widely heard . 
  time to blanda upp . 
  i guess that 's fair to say although the first m16 came out in 1962 and the modifies ak-47 in 1959 so i would n't say the difference is huge . 
  i have no doubt that the new m16 is better than the old one but the russians work more on the `` if it ai n't broken why fix it ? '', 
  principle . 
  well i ' l tell you why . 
  i know people who served army duty in eastern europe , where obviously they had ak-47s . 
  the thing is that they taught them that while shooting fully automatic they would press the trigger for 1-2 seconds and release and again and again-that way they could shoot a full round with no jamming . 
  so you would get an unstoppable firing session with no worries as for the semi automatic system to block you . 
  just an agile finger . 
  also they would teach them to aim at above the knee while doing that . 
  usually the result was a slaughter for the target . 
  so you could say that the recoil was used as an advantage . 
  napoleon came up with it actually . 
  when he conquered milan he used milan 's flag which was red and white and he added green which was the uniform of some milanese soldiers . 
  then shaped like the french flag except they replaced the blue with green . 
  there used to be a cross during the monarchy but the republic removed it . 
  i have also shot plenty of weapons and i hate to say that i find the ak-47 a very good aimer . 
  the good thing about the ak is that it can go both automatic and semi-automatic which can be really helpful in combat . 
  th accuracy is good enough ( although not the best but there are many other advantages ) if you know how to aim it . 
  i have to disagree for the jamming . 
  that 's it 's best characteristic admitted by american soldiers who were in vietnam . 
  many used to ditch their american guns in order to get an ak-47 because it was superior in tough conditions . 
  they used to take ak-47s from dead vietnamese soldiers . 
  i have found that guns are a really subjective thing . 
  different people value different qualities in a gun . 
  well in italy everyone seems to hate guns :d . goddamn hippies . 
  well russia is probably the biggest nuclear power . 
  i mean they had more atomic weapons that all the others combined in 1990 and i really doubt they got rid of them . 
  and in fact i think they 're still producing . 
  as for outdated equipment-i do n't know.as i said on a military scale the ussr was much more powerful than all of the west combined and that 's no secret although people do n't like to admit it . 
  it 's true that their official automatic weapon ( or at least last time i checked ) is the ak-47 . 
  now this is a weapon that has n't changed since 1959 but it 's still the best automatic weapon . 
  it 's not heavy and has a decent caliber . 
  it 's easy to carry and unlike many american guns it can be thrown into swamps , mud , sand and it 's still perfectly functioning . 
  so although it may be outdated , as in old , i still think it 's the best automatic weapon ever created . 
  i 'll just add hitler thought russia 's technology was outdated . 
  the soldiers of the wehrmacht would laugh that they just need to spit on russian tanks to destroy them , but the russians showed up with the t-34 which was probably the best panzer of the time when you consider all of it 's components like speed , cost and efficiency . 
  besides i doubt the russian ( and the amaricans for that matter ) are showing their true potential to us . 
  as for army duty-army duty is indeed outdated . 
  in italy army duty was suspended in 2005 due to everyone avoiding it and my own brother is example for that . 
  it 's harsh and it 's a waste of 2 years ( 3 if you are a sailor ) of your life . 
  of course people avoid it . 
  most eu countries do n't even have army duty . 
  but the simple fact remains . 
  most russians ( and i mean civilians ) know how to handle a weapon and have a general idea of military tactics and what to do . 
  many male civilians go out of duty as officers and they just await for their country to call them . 
  it 's a trained population , something most european countries ca n't say for theirs .
