  yeah , i know that . 
  white stuff                yellow stuff . 
  everyone knows that . 
  yellow looks like pus , white is clean . 
  and why would you put meat with fish . 
  barbarians !, 
  yeah , like that 's gon na happen . 
  great country , warm and stuff . 
  they have some pretty interesting separatist movements like catalonia and the basque country who get plenty of attention ( even on / r/europe where they have flairs , unlike separatist movements in other countries like northern italy but whatever ) . 
  capital is madrid . 
  their fascism went a different way than ours some 50 years ago . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.wolfsonian.org/sites/default/files/object/xx1990.2880.jpg ) comes to mind . 
  best propaganda ever . 
  they were rome 's most trustworthy servants . 
  they had a pretty big empire . 
  they even took italy at some point but they were quickly made to leave . 
  one of the few countries in europe besides italy that has decent cuisine . 
  latin language yay . 
  i have nothing against spain but i deeply despise their national football team from 2008 on . 
  much like greeks that have they weird attitude that they are really close with italians in matter of culture and way of life , which is imo not true , and many are left deluded after living in italy for a while . 
  you sound like the communist manifesto ... not that i 'm anti-communist , i respect the idea but still ... 
  i said people . 
  not all people . 
  people said it . 
  it 's true . 
  it was n't said by animals . 
  it was said by people . 
  think a bit more before trying to be clever next time . 
  i 'm merely pointing out this is a phenomenon that is bound to happen almost everywhere in such conditions . 
  it 's not because italians are more racist that others ( which people said ) . 
  my country is the best in europe ( and all the other ones suck balls ) . 
  come here and you 'll have the time of your life . 
  i have to say [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/avzgt.gif ) is how i feel after all the shit italians received because of racism against cecile kyenge . 
  no , no , no . 
  in ww1 you changed the treaty so we did n't feel bound to it . 
  imagine that you and me as people decide that we should protect each other from other people . 
  and then you start attacking other people . 
  i do n't have to help you if you 're the aggressor . 
  in ww2 we were betrayed by the germans when they killed our unarmed soldiers . 
  and they did n't kill them after we betrayed them because capitulation ! = betrayal . 
  and we still fought with them until the very end when we created the italian social republic . 
  it 's a good thing germany still has neuter articles . 
   make no mistake , the only reason kosovo received western support is because a directionless nato the only reason kosovo received help is very different . 
  it 's the same reason the western powers screwed over bulgaria in the end of the 1800 's . 
  because nobody wants a powerful country like yugoslavia or san stefano bulgaria on such an important trade place as the balkans . 
  i misunderstood the question and then edited my answer . 
  mussolini and hitler were fucked up in the head and obsessed with stupid shit . 
  i am well aware of what aryans are . 
  because of the fascists and the nazis , people today think aryan is someone who is blonde with blue eyes which is untrue . 
  indians are aryans . 
  anyway , i 've seen gypsies . 
  chances are , their kid wo n't be blond . 
  sure , it might be . 
  * might * be . 
  but there 's a bigger chance that the kid is n't theirs . 
  and as i said : better safe than sorry . 
  if afghans with blue eyes were so common , this girl would n't be such a sensation . 
  if you see a swedish girl with blue eyes you 're like `` meh '' . 
  the afghan girl was a sensation * because * people like her are rare in these places . 
  not the mentions maria was actually a victim of child trafficking . 
  if people were n't `` bigots '' they would n't have found a kidnapped child . 
  why does everyone ignore that ? 
  yeah , she was a gypsy . 
  she was also kidnapped . 
  well if two black people had an asian child and no documents to show that the kid was adopted , yeah . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  if two white people have a black child and no documents to prove they legally adopted it , sure . 
  besides this roma couple was already under investigation for having a new kid every 4 months . 
  okay we need to get this straight . 
  come on you guys . 
  the fact that maria was an exception means nothing . 
  do you know how rare that is ? 
  even within white people ? 
  it 's very , very rare . 
  she did n't disprove any `` prejudice '' . 
  the huge chances are that a fair-skinned children will most likely not be born to roma parents . 
  so of course there will be suspicion . 
  if they ca n't present a birth act or something then a dna test should be done . 
  tl ; dr-maria did n't prove anything , she was an exception . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  that is , in fact , the right side . 
  the side that will serve best the nation 's interests . 
  the key phrase being `` short of a time '' . 
  germans and brits are still more than italians in the us . 
  so has every country . 
  italy was just the last one . 
  thanks for the collaboration . 
  anyway most europeans came from the same place . 
  so we 're not that much different anyway . 
  i do n't know how sure that article is because some invasions were truly huge and included millions of people . 
  but whatever , not like i 'm a professor . 
  anyway , i have to buy a kit for that damn thing ? 
  i 'll have to miss ... 
  you 're from friuli right ? 
  yes , slavic and eastern european ( which may as well be germanic too ) is very common in friuli . 
  how do you know if your last name is of germanic origin ? 
  also , i really wan na know , how do you even get that kind of test in italy ? 
  do you go to a hospital or something ? 
  and we 're a very mixed up bunch , many barbarians . 
  but as history has a proven even when one culture conquers the other , the better culture eventually takes over the other .
