  well , i 'm sorry but that 's just not true . 
  the discovery is made by an italian . 
  so it 's italian . 
  the exploration is another thing , although i would say there 's a reason the americas were named after an italian . 
  who got the credit now ? 
  absolutely !, 
  i wonder why nobody 's thought of that before . 
  we are no talking about who colonized them . 
  we are talking about who discovered them . 
  he was italian . 
   yep , they built it alright but there was no my country at the time ( italy did not exist too ) italy did not exist as a country but it was a province ( the main province ) . 
  the romans made the name italy and gave it to their homeland . 
  no you see we are the romans . 
  they are our ancestors . 
  ours . 
  you have some buildings . 
  we have their blood . 
  we are their literal continuing . 
   believe me someone can dig up claims of some parts of italy belong to croatia in some books . 
  however this proves that you are biased nationalist . 
  well those books are stupid . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't want any croatian land at * all * . 
  since italians no longer live there i do n't think it 's okay to have that land . 
  but fact is it was inhabited by italians . 
  also , i 'd rather describe myself as a patriot but nationalist will do . 
  does n't make me biased . 
  we are rome 's heritage . 
  wow congrats this is probably the stupidest thing i have read in a long , long time . 
  those are hardly languages , they are dialects and i am a proud speaker of one of them . 
  contrary to your belief though they all have the same roots . 
  official italian is basically the tuscan dialect . 
  but they are all based on latin . 
  the fact that other nations came to italy does n't change the fact that we are the most related to the romans . 
  lots of tribes went to greece but you are n't disputing greece 's cultural heritage . 
  all of europe is pretty damn mixed up and italy is not an exception . 
  the think is that we are the closest to romans than anyone . 
  we are of roman heritage . 
  they may have built towns around your homeland but you have nothing in common with them , although i see you might want that . 
  some parts of croatia belong in italy anyway . 
  what do you mean by the original roman empire ? 
  the roman empire was vast many tribes were in it and i do n't see what makes germans so special . 
  people of italy were special , they were in rome 's province . 
  also when the roman empire started to fall many barbarians made it to the army and got high offices . 
  one of them even killed the last emperor . 
  so what ? 
  italian language is the closest one to latin . 
  romans considered italy as their province , even called themselves italians . 
  we have their blood in our veins . 
  also a piece of asia . 
  as much as italians can consider prussia their legacy . 
  because italians are what 's left of the romans . 
  it 's just like the greeks today consider themselves the legacy of the ancient greeks and rightfully so . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i did n't realize the renaissance was 2000 years ago . 
  i did n't realize antonia meucci lived 2000 years ago . 
  i did n't know dante and da vinci lived 2000 years ago . 
  i did n't know marconi and volta lived 2000 years ago . 
  i did n't realize the cure for wiscott-aldrich was found 2000 years ago . 
  i did n't know enrico fermi lived 2000 years ago . 
  you could say what you 're saying for greece but not for italy . 
  well it 's true . 
  the difference is that the british conquered somewhat civilized countries such as india while rome brought light all over europe . 
  the people were filthy and cruel and evil . 
  rome made them cultured . 
  also rome did n't only spread greek culture . 
  while it is true that they took much of greece 's culture they also made it much better and took it to the next level . 
  and they changed engineering and technology from the core . 
  you must be proud to be italian , for italians are one of the greatest most significant nations on earth . 
  well yeah and britain is part of europe , so they would n't be shaping shit without italy . 
  also , the renaissance drew the world out of the dark ages which made europeans the most powerful people in the world so the british empire would conquer . 
  also there is almost no country that has spawned so many inventors as italy . 
  also , best art ever , architecture , engineering , the latin alphabet , musical noted and much much more . 
  the british empire did n't really shape anything . 
  they conquered and ruled . 
  that 's like macedonians claiming alexander the great is macedonian . 
  he was a man who had ideas , he was born and raised in italy . 
  it does n't matter who provided the piece of wood he used for his travels . 
  the man matters . 
  everyone had ships but the person was unique . 
  well the country is the 8th economy of the world . 
  there are plenty of things to be proud of . 
  italy shaped the whole world . 
  the south might have some problems but it 's gon na be okay . 
  are you kidding me ??? 
  ladies and gentlemen your typical italian who does n't know his own history . 
  which nation has a lot to be proud of in your opinion ? 
  he 's not to keep , he 's just italian . 
  anything else is arrogant . 
  you may or may not like it but the guy was italian . 
  well , the name of the city has n't changed . 
  it 's our capital . 
  our language is the closest to romans . 
  we carry their blood in veins . 
  can austrians consider the autro-hungarian empire their legacy ? 
  can the turks consider the ottoman empire as their legacy ? 
  can the scandinavians consider vikings their legacy ? 
  yes , yes and yes . 
  columbus was italian . 
  i do n't care where his ship departed . 
  the man was italian .
