  blondes are good looking . 
  also ( and i hate saying this ) blonde kids raise much more compassion in ordinary people while begging . 
  well joke 's on them . 
  many blonde kids change hair color in puberty . 
  this kid has blonde hair and blue eyes but it 's features are all but white european . 
  the eyes that are far away from each other , the large thick nose , the large lips with the wide mouth . 
  i ca n't be sure about the forehead but i think it has it 's hair like this - / \\ as opposed to the real european feature which is more of a | | . 
  the easily seen lines that connect the mouth and the nose and the large nostrils . 
  on top of that , whilst the skin seems fair on further investigation this is not the typical germanic ( which is not just germans and it 's basically like the kidnapped girl 's color ) or mediterranean ( which is a darker color type xavi fr football fans ) skin color . 
  it 's a pinkish color that i have probably never seen by europeans . 
  the kidnapped girl is probably the complete opposite . 
  people need to stop thinking that being blonde with blue eyes is the most european feature . 
  it 's all about facial construction . 
  my conclusion is that this kid is probably a mix between an european who probably had sex with a roma prostitute ( or not a prostitute ) and he managed to pass down the blonde hair and blue eyes . 
  i have been to homes for adoption in countries with high roma populations and kids like this are not rare usually they are the product of such a mixture . 
  much like all european law . 
  you have to understand how the brain of the average italian works . 
  we may suck . 
  we may not be able to hold the ball . 
  we may not want to play . 
  we may be with our handicapped team . 
  swaziland may beat us . 
  we may be the worst team ever . 
  *** but we must beat the germans *** all part of out inferiority complex . 
  well it 's been noted by a few other people too . 
  as a person who drinks a kilogram of milk per day , and i have never really met anyone who is lactose intolerant i 'm surprised at italy 's score . 
  i do n't think the euro is the source of italian problems . 
  i think corrupt politicians and beurocrats combined with a very regional type of life and a huge wave of immigrants are what causes the problems . 
  the introduction of the euro was nonetheless a horrible idea because that helped further destabilize italy . 
  but i would n't say it 's a source . 
  just a contributer to the problems . 
  but i also believe that whatever problems the euro may be causing they are worth it for a better future of united europe , a competitive europe that can hold it 's ground against raising powers in the east and west . 
  true but seeing as this map is concerned with race rather than nationality i would think the influx of immigrants would n't be that much because many immigrants are white ( polish for example ) . 
  does the uk give citizenship to anyone born within it 's boundaries ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the uk does n't have a lot more immigrants than , say , italy or germany or spain or even the netherlands as a % of the whole population . 
  is it just me or does the uk seem the same color as brasil ? 
  if so , why ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  well why do i have to accept people i do n't need ? 
  like what 's the point ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   there is no winning with some people !, 
  how about a nice `` fuck off '' ? 
  and that makes you wonder why governments , who are to represent the people , have policies completely opposite to the wishes of the people . 
  well that is basically what i try to say every single time the subject of immigration comes along but people just stick to calling it racism . 
  hungary has gypsies . 
  the more immigrants come to europe the more people will vote right . 
  well we do need that . 
  as a major ( the strongest if we do n't count france ^ ^ surrender ^ ^ joke ) power in the mediterranean we need to have control over our seas . 
  but i also have a problem with this because what do we do when we see them ? 
  with the government trying it 's best to make illegal immigration legal , escorting them to our shores is the worst possible scenario . 
  if we could take them back to africa i would be so happy . 
  i know . 
  i even wrote a very long and interesting comment about them here in / r/europe but it was n't really popular . 
  lol no . 
  there 's difference between being proud of your heritage ( white pride , black pride , asian pride ) and making up stupid theories stealing other people 's past . 
  i would of course open the door . 
  but whoever it is he better have good reason . 
  it is very impolite to go to someone 's house without warning them some time ahead . 
  but why not open ? 
  if it 's without warning it 's usually some person who was hired to fix something in the flat or an official . 
  afrocentrism at it 's best . 
  well arabs ca n't since the people we had conquered back then were not arabs . 
  we could actually get sued by greeks , germans , french , brits , spaniards , portugese , dutch people , welsh people , romanians , bulgarians , serbs , austrians ... well ... shit ... 
  but wait a minute . 
  we ca n't possible get sued because [ romans were black ] ( http://www.africaresource.com/rasta/sesostris-the-great-the-egyptian-hercules/were-the-ancient-romans-white-not-on-your-life-by-oguejiofo-annu/ ) . 
  just like the [ vikings ] ( http://www.africaresource.com/rasta/articles/the-ancient-celts-and-vikings-were-black-people-by-dr-clyde-winters/ ) . 
  should we sue arab countries for slavery ? 
  the russians are hardly an eastern power . 
  more european than eastern . 
  they 've been bad europeans lately but still . 
  the fact that everyone has a dialect does n't make you a different nation . 
  of course that is true . 
  but italians all live in one country and consider themselves one nation . 
  and you guys not only are not one country but you also hate each other . 
  dunno but i got along pretty well speaking bulgarian in croatia . 
  anyways you 're probably right . 
  it 's just my observation . 
  montenegrin and serbian ? 
  please . 
  from my experience on the balkans ( and i have plenty ) there are exactly 4 cultures . 
  one are romanians because of their latin language and they 're different . 
  the other is obviously the greeks , because you know they are the greeks . 
  i do n't know anything about albania so i just put it as a culture of it 's own . 
  and then there 's everyone else . 
  seeing as i 'm kind of biased i 'd call them all bulgarians seeing as bulgaria is the oldest country that also ruled most of the others ( especially the macedonians ) but i wo n't do that . 
  looking at it as a person who would be from the outside . 
  bulgarians , serbs , macedonians , montenegrians , croatians , bosnians have the same culture . 
  sure bosnians became muslims because they were forced to by the turks but other than that it 's the same . 
  if you know one of the languages you can easily speak to everyone else there . 
  like bulgarians and croatians are more likely to understand each other than a person who speaks milanian and napoletanian dialects . 
  everything is so damn alike-from the cuisine , the national dances to the everyday life . 
  the differences are so minor that they are invisible to the outsider . 
  as i said-the balkanian slavs are more alike that lombards and sicillians . 
  and the funny thing is that they all found a way to hate each other . 
  i know this comment will not be popular but there you go , my answer . 
  edit : to be honest national identity is very important . 
  i was convinced in my child comment i was wrong . 
  so i 'd like to change my answer .
