  you know the people have a point . 
  to a certain extent they are right . 
  i for once also do n't agree with the huge part of the eu 's immigration and over-tolerance policies . 
  i am too lazy to read everything but i 'm sure that even id it 's really racist that is far from being a daily habit . 
  never ever . 
  give me any example . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  maybe from all these stories someone figured that they should learn more about the countries that are being mentioned . 
  does not mean they do n't know where those countries are . 
  dear / r/europe . 
  i can see what you think about this mistake . 
  the problem is that we are not being very tolerant . 
  we must realize that not all countries are as fortunate as ours . 
  one of these countries is the usa . 
  so here i propose this . 
  let us help the less fortunate americans who spend all their money on war . 
  let us gather some money . 
  an insignificant amount but we can make a difference . 
  let 's buy maps for the less fortunate americans . 
  so that every senator in america can afford a map . 
  if we all spare some money every american in a high place will have a map . 
  then , we can go even further-imagine how happy americans would be if their kids had available maps in schools . 
  map of the world for every american school . 
  this is a dream . 
  a dream that we can make come true . 
  maps for the usa . 
  we can do it-remember not everyone is born with the same opportunities we have . 
  if my dreams comes true we can achieve even more-first grade history and geography books for the american senate and one day-even schools . 
  this is one of my favorite subreddits . 
  i mean you learn a lot of stuff you share people 's culture , hear opinions and stories , discuss many problems . 
  now i have never ever seen racism here . 
  truth is that these days when people see an opinion they do n't agree with they just say `` that 's racist '' and it 's like they won the argument . 
  one of the few things that pisses me out . 
  otherwise let 's hope our numbers increase . 
  27,003 so far  . 
  well i think that `` behead those who do n't believe in islam '' is worst than `` burn churches '' or `` burn mosques '' . 
  i have not gone against minorities . 
  back that up . 
  and yes , i do think we are way too tolerant to any bitching . 
  i have a vague idea about mohamed merah but i do n't know what the reactions were . 
  as you said different places different reactions . 
  excuse me ? 
  that protests that are religious ( regardless of the religion ) and/or promote violence and threaten people ( especially the majorities ) should be forbidden . 
  i 'm sure you would have a different opinion if a bunch of christians went on the street with signs such as `` burn all mosques '' . 
  i think it 's normal that people are happy that those terrorists were caught . 
  i personally see nothing wrong with that . 
  i 'd also be harry if some terrorists were caught in my country . 
  but these protests are promoting violence and they threaten people with different opinions . 
  also they bash our systems and they want to impose their barbaric laws on us . 
  protest against what ? 
  basic human rights ? 
  well now we 're not nationalistic and tolerant . 
  [ guess where this got us ] ( http://imgur.com//a/iolco ), 
  ok i 'd like to say that i 'm strongly against the over-tolerance of minorities . 
  i think they should be not assimilated . 
  such big countries are federations for a reason . 
  i do n't want a federal eu . 
  what happened with freedom of speech ? 
  i agree the book might be offensive but nobody forces you to buy it . 
  and for all you immigrants that will say `` oh i 'm muslim i 'm not like that '' . 
  good for you-when you migrated you agreed to the terms and conditions . 
  also germany is really sensitive over racist things . 
  i think they would have banned it is it were so bad . 
  i am referring to all of these as one . 
  i mean the country is created to be home of the nation that is composed of the people that keep that culture . 
  is that not so ? 
  i do not see what is wrong with nationalism and loving your country . 
  really . 
  czech republic here comes democracy . 
  prepare to be liberated . 
  i do n't see why you have to be so oppressed . 
  i do . 
  i need to feel allegiance . 
  i do . 
  i 'm not discussing wheater belgium is a real country or not i 'm just saying that us real countries have national pride . 
  i 'm under the impression that the eu is more of an economical union than a military one . 
  some people on this subreddit talk like they want to eliminate current countries and make the eu all one bigger country . 
  there are things that we should do together but we should all keep our national allegiance so that we can keep different cultures . 
  `` in varietate concordia '' remember ? 
  and taking one 's army is eliminating some of the local patriotism . 
  first of all i think you are a hypocrite . 
  i agree that 's is rather stupid to call the greeks pigs but calling the russians fools or the swedes suckers is not any different . 
  another thing-do you feel like everyone should like the euro ? 
  i like it and i like eu but there are people who disagree and that 's ok-they have an opinion . 
  we ca n't all be the same . 
  italy also got screwed by the euro . 
  should we just say it 's not true ? 
  what is more-what is wrong with being nationalistic . 
  yes i 'm proud of my nation and that is good . 
  same goes for other people . 
  comparing modern europe with 1940 's germany is rather ignorant . 
  first of all if you decide to open a book ( or even wikipedia ) you 'll realize that from 1939 to 1945 there was war . 
  where is there war now ? 
  in fact i feel like we 're way too tolerant . 
  we accept all kinds of immigrants the majority of which are just welfare seekers . 
  how is that policy of over-tolerance anywhere near to nazi germany ? 
  i doubt we can do without guns . 
  we do have to kill some animals once in a while do n't we ? 
  also when did cars become so necessary ? 
  we could just use horses or something .
