the balkan country has seen a surge in xenophobic attacks since a wave of refugees escaping from the horrors of the civil war in syria , 2,000 km south of the capital sofia , has entered via the turkish border . 
  you know what really grinds my gears ? 
  when people present a very very one-sided story . 
  what about that cashier girl in bulgaria who got stabbed 10 times while being robbed ? 
  what about all the other crimes they are committing . 
  what about the fact that bulgaria , the poorest country is the eu is wasting money on them ? 
  do you know what their pension are ? 
  like 150 euro at best . 
  you think that country can afford these people ? 
  what about the fact that many of these these people are there * illegally * . 
  does nobody even care about law and order ? 
  i 'm not supporting violence but every page has two sides . 
  and even more , why does this article talk like we * have to * provide goods and shelter ? 
  and i do n't just mean bulgaria . 
  and what 's up with the syrian blogger ? 
  you do n't like it there ? 
  so get the fuck out , nobody has tied you up , you whiny asshole . 
  while it is true that they do n't want the eu you 're wrong . 
  now here 's how the modern far right sees things : we are not only british but we are also european . 
  europeans are people in great danger so although we do not want to be as close with other europeans we will nonetheless have solidarity towards them . 
  i do n't know what tzatziki is . 
  why would it be ? 
  ahhh , italy !, 
  i do n't even know why . 
  i 'm being sarcastic . 
  tiramisu is as greek as vodka is italian . 
  it 's is n't . 
  my best guess can be dumb . 
   my best guess would  maybe croatia i said i guess , i never claimed being sure about it . 
  not italy . 
  really . 
  do n't . 
  i like the italian ones best and the belgian ones least . 
  it 's just some fat guy . 
  yes , water-we just put no alcohol in it . 
  the scandinavian countries are all buddies . 
  norway is a rich kid but considerate anyways . 
  sweden is that hot chick with big blue eyes who everyone has a crush on . 
  because they 're young enough all the nordic countries joke a lot about sweden-that 's just how they express their feelings . 
  she and denmark do n't like each other but you can tell there 's chemistry . 
  finland does n't really give a shit and iceland is just norway 's little brother . 
  the uk is weird - his standards for everything are weird and he often changes his interests . 
  he keeps good relations with everyone but would still punch them in the face if they got on his nerves . 
  ireland is misunderstood . 
  his father beats him so he 's kind of aggressive but a good kid on the inside . 
  the uk passes as ugly . 
  but he has convinced himself he is super good looking . 
  sometimes he does rapey stuff . 
  ireland is tall and a ginger for which he gets bullied by the uk . 
  spain and portugal are buddies . 
  they like to chill about everything . 
  greece usually hangs out with them because they share nearly everything . 
  they are also kind of attractive . 
  sweden often looks with dreamy eyes at their gorgeous tan . 
  france is much like the uk . 
  much more than he 'd like to admit . 
  he mostly hangs around with belgium who has multiple personality disorder . 
  france has weird looks . 
  he has a big nose , he is short but he has something about him-most girls like him . 
  the netherlands is a cool kid . 
  he has pot . 
  usually hangs out with the scandinavians but he also likes to be alone with his pot . 
  germany is weird . 
  he can get aggressive sometimes . 
  but he is really intelligent and everyone respects him . 
  he would always enter a fight for his little sister-austria . 
  germany is blonde with blue eyes and is really disappointed that his sister does n't look like him-in fact she looks a little like italy . 
  italy is a very intelligent kid and he is also kind but nobody seems to truly like him . 
  he just flies from group to group . 
  spain , greece and portugal love him but he just does n't feel right with them . 
  he always liked germany very much and tried competing with him although germany did n't notice the `` competition '' . 
  italy is a good looking one . 
  he has brown hair and brown-greenish eyes . 
  but nobody takes him seriously enough . 
  he 's kind of the clown . 
  oh and italy is always well dressed . 
  he sure as hell loves his mommy and she ai n't gon na let him go to school with ugly clothes . 
  he also has a secret-he 's the kid that sells playboys to everyone after lunch . 
  the former yugoslavian republics are sibillings they hate each other . 
  they have dark hair and eyes and look like they are ready for a fight all the time . 
  serbia wears army boots in the summer . 
  albiania is a loner . 
  bulgaria is anti social . 
  he hates everyone and everything but he hangs around with romania who is a pretty enough girl but she is poorer and not super smart . 
  she has a huge crush on italy . 
  her little sister moldova goes unnoticed . 
  bulgaria could be good looking if he were n't such an ass to everyone . 
  the czech republic and slovakia are best friends . 
  they have their little circle and nobody gets close to it . 
  they are both blonde . 
  poland is that guy who wants to be nice but is constantly bullied by russia and germany . 
  he likes italy . 
  poland looks like a tough guy . 
  the baltics are sibilings . 
  latvia and lithuania are twins . 
  estonia is born later and has a crush on finland . 
  they all have grey hair and blue-ish eyes . 
  russia is a big bully . 
  russia is tall and strong with blondish hair and dark blue eyes . 
  he always hangs out with his exes-ukraine and belarus .
