  marries 9 year olds . 
  movie `` the innocence of muslims '' comes along portraying muslims as violent assholes . 
  they prove the movie wrong by being violent assholes . 
  runs away from islamist country to get a better life . 
  makes life worse for everyone . 
  i do n't get these things . 
  quota for minorities , quota for women , probably will be a quota for gays . 
  what happened to best men for the job , you do your best you get the job . 
  so what , white straight guys go fuck yourselves ? 
  if you think that girl is good looking you 're the one surrounded with trolls . 
  anything on the alps is really nice . 
  switzerland is a bit too expensive though . 
  go to italy and gib me moneys . 
  british ? 
  take that , crying bulgarian protestor . 
  on side note though poor cop . 
  that girl is rather ugly . 
  not sure if people downvote because you sound like a karma whore or because they do n't want bulgaria and romania in schengen, 
  i agree with you . 
  something should be be done . 
  but not the way you guys seem to be doing it because from what i understand you have no idea what you want to do 1 day ahead of reaching your goal . 
  to an unbiased it seems you protest just to protest . 
  the people who protest should make a party that will fight for their interest , and then protest to get a new election where they can vote for what they want . 
  it looks like you have no idea what you want . 
  you are literally wasting your time . 
  look at any `` revolution '' where a government is changed by the people . 
  let 's use the french revolution for example ( i get the french revolution is a much bigger thing but it 's the same concept . ) . 
  the french wanted the power to be given to the working upper class and taken from the monarchs . 
  now tell me if the french were like `` yeah , we get rid of the monarchs and then we do n't know what we 'll do '' they would have failed miserably . 
   the first and utmost priority now is , the government needs to go . 
  and then what ? 
  this is stupid . 
  you have no plan on what you want to do . 
  it 's ridiculous that you refuse to think ahead of your own nose . 
  they must fall . 
  must fall . 
  must fall . 
  what will you accomplish ? 
  another crisis ? 
  another waste of millions for a new election ? 
  but the thing is , the result of the election will be the same . 
  you do n't have a new alternative , and until you come up with one , these protests are useless . 
  of course the picture is manipulated . 
  she is n't being beat up . 
  why is she crying ? 
  she went there and grabbed him . 
  the cop is just standing there . 
  the picture is hd and it was taken at the right moment . 
  it 's 100 % manipulated . 
  tl ; dr - you have no plan with what you want to do even if the government resigns . 
  this means you 're just wasting your own time . 
  to be honest i do n't see why the government is illegitimate . 
  3 parties formed a coalition . 
  the fact that two of them are opposed means nothing . 
  they have the votes . 
  besides even if the bsp resign what will happen ? 
  gerb will come again ? 
  but i remember that in february even more people ( around the country , not just in sofia like this time ) were out wanting the resignation of gerb . 
  what will they accomplish ? 
  obviously they like neither of the big parties . 
  so have they fomed a party which they actually want to rule , in order to ask for early election ? 
  what i 'm asking here is , you as a protestor . 
  if the bsp resigns what comes next ? 
  besides really loved the manipulated picture of what looks like a female human holding a cop that is doing nothing wrong and crying . 
  really ? 
  they were pretty good looking last time was in serbia . 
  honestly ? 
  geographically : while it is true that most of russia is in asia , 3/4 of it 's population is european . 
  the industry and production also are placed in the european part . 
  culturally : no , just no . 
  as i said russians are slavic . 
  the main european populations are germanics , mediterranean and slavic . 
  the slavs are possibly more than anyone else . 
  they are christian , the have an indo-european language and honestly their culture , cuisine , way of life is much similar to the rest of eastern europe . 
   they think that they have made their own . 
  well nobody is doubting russia has it 's own culture , just like every other country . 
  sometimes more than one cultures are found in the same country . 
  however , it 's till slavic/european , not mongol/asian . 
  that 's a cool haircut . 
  well most of russian culture is slavic . 
  slavic is european culture . 
  the fact that they have a huge chunk of land in asia that is barely inhabited does n't make them any less european . 
  love the `` faggots '' in norway . 
  although not quite as much as the `` steppe shit '' and the `` squinty eyed fucks '' . 
  oh and it 's * their * north . 
  what does the thing about ukraine mean ? 
  to be fair hitler ( together with most of the wehrmacht ) was on drugs . 
  he was a sick man in pain . 
  he used all kind of drugs . 
  his sexuality is also kind of weird . 
  wtf is this russia vs europe thing ? 
  russia is in europe . 
  okay , going against the flow here . 
  afraid of who ? 
  of a bunch of people ? 
  how many bulgarians are protesting ? 
  so what ? 
  that 's a minority and not the voice of the whole country . 
  i bet there 's just as many people against the protests . 
  all your support ?
