  they set fires and cook there . 
  are there no hotels for you ? 
  and many of these people are probably `` germans '' . 
   turkey ( and the ottomans ) always had more relations with european countries actually that 's hardly true . 
  you were screwing with our trade routes mostly . 
  that 's why people started looking for india by sea ( and found america ) you know . 
  because the ottomans would screw with us and attack us all of the time . 
   turkey has more in common with southern/eastern europe than with middle east . 
  a southern european myself i disagree with that . 
  vastly . 
  you had historical connections with everyone . 
  india can probably claim they had a lot of historical connections with europe because they were a british colony . 
  physical appearance ? 
  yeah , keep dreaming buddy . 
  turks do n't really classify as white . 
  you are more akin genetically to middle easterners . 
  i already spoke of the social values i have witnessed . 
   turkey has more in common with , say , italy than bulgaria has with sweden , for instance . 
  not how italians see it . 
  we even have a proverb - `` mamma i turchi '' . 
  the name of the turks was spoken with fear because they would devastate , murder and rape every village on italian shores they could get their fingers on . 
  italy has nothing in common with turkey . 
  we are completely in europe geographically . 
  we are christian ( or atheist ) , we are white , we have western culture ( and could claim being one of it 's founders . 
  bulgarians and swedes are : white , christian ( or atheist ) , and have western culture . 
  the only white turks are the result of brutal raping and enslaving various europeans . 
  your genes are middle eastern . 
  get yourself a map . 
  some decent politicians . 
   via exiting the eu has eu flair . 
  i would love to know at which point exactly russians considered themselves asian . 
  like really . 
  we 're talking russians here not mongols that conquered russia . 
  because it 's not fair to europeans outside of the eu . 
  less , but much more than half of the population and 99 % of the culture . 
  i know , that 's exactly what i do n't want the eu to do . 
  no , but i fear like we 're starting to act like people from the usa , calling their country america as if they take the whole continent . 
  russia is in europe . 
  god damn it poland if you had said that 73 years ago you 'd make things so much easier . 
  something something , nazi germany joke . 
  most european thread ever . 
  yeah i was joking . 
  if nothing else he was a good speaker . 
  it 's foreign politics . 
  probably because she 's german , and she has to speak german if she want to be a good presentation for germany . 
  if i 'm head of state i 'd also speak my mother language . 
  here where ? 
  that 's what i said you know ... 
  well , as an italian i have a pride that we were the ones influencing other cultures but if i had to chose which is closer of these 3 it would be france . 
  then germany . 
  french and italians ( i guess southern italian culture is closer to spain though ) cultures are very close . 
  the way of life etc. 
  yeah , age of consent in italy is 14 . 
  she was 17 . 
  the trial is for paying her , thus making her a prostitute , which is illegal under 18, 
  wow i 'm starting to like this putin guy more and more . 
  what he said sounds bad and all , but it 's true ... nobody would touch berlusconi if he were gay . 
  franky i find the sex trials around him stupid . 
  he should be sued for tax evasion , being a natinal traitor , for stealing italians ' money . 
  also someone should tell putin that if gay people can not get married they are still not having kids . 
  but i like that he seems a bit honest . 
   in their heart of hearts nobody wants german leadership . 
  kind of . 
  i do n't want any country to take a leadership . 
  also you got like 2 downvotes . 
  i 'm all for the legalization of cannabis . 
  not harder drugs though . 
  not to mention all the good it would do to tourism . 
  since the netherlands is no longer selling to foreigners plenty of people will come to italy just for that . 
  viva vittorio emanuele re d'italia . 
   japan is n't anywhere near europe . 
  turkey straddles the border . 
  yeah and most of turkey is in asia . 
   are they ? 
  how do you measure it ? 
  they are muslim . 
  and since muslims never actually built anything impressive other than mosques turkish architecture is arabic . 
  the whole way their country functioned until recently they were closer to arabs . 
   neanderthals were present in anatolia ... their range stretched into central asia , past lake aral . 
  i just said that because you said it does n't matter since we all come from africa and i proved you it is different . 
   are you serious ? ... 
  as if japanese , indians , arabs , turks and north uralic tribesman look alike - as if it matters how they look . 
  `` sorry turkey , you ca n't join because you do n't look right '' . 
  i challenge you to tell apart random greeks and turks in a blind test . 
  i meant east asians-japanese , chinese . 
  but if i had said the real name of their race-mongoloid-someone would be offended . 
  turks and indians are still the same race as europeans but a different sub-race . 
  and challenge accepted . 
  turkish descendants of raped greeks or slavs do n't count . 
   race does n't exist , it 's mostly cosmetic differences that are mistaken as indicative of the whole person . 
  i do n't think it 's indicative for a person but it is there . 
  that 's like saying there are no breed of dogs . 
  liberals should probably finally learn what race actually means . 
   there are alot of factors involved , for example the first agricultural settlement , greek colonization and population migration during the greek and roman empires . 
  even if it did n't , why does the method matter ? 
  population displacement and rape were common occurences in european conflicts as well . 
  does n't stop us from forming the eu now . 
  after all europeans were all the same . 
  turks were a whole different thing . 
  they genes were different .
