  so you 're saying that because those countries are now gone their achievements should n't be acknowledged ? 
  and yes , we are their descendants . 
  my country is frekin ' amazing . 
  the only countries that have done as much as us for the world are probably russia and germany . 
  maybe the usa-but not even . 
  most of the inventions made in america are made by europeans , born and raised in europe . 
  the sad truth is that when hitler started repressions against the jews many of them ran to america . 
  jews were rich so their brought huge capitals and you were rich enough to sponsor projects . 
  american achievements are not only done by europeans , but also with european money . 
  plus italy is not `` much younger '' than the us . 
  even italy as we know it today is almost as old as the usa as we know it today . 
  first of all i 'm not looking down on the rest of the world , i looking up to us . 
   down at you since i 'm american wow really ? 
  italians have done so much for the world . 
  we 're probably one of the most significant nations that ever set foot on this planet . 
  yes , we have economical issues now but americans are n't better than us . 
  it amazes me why your opinion of italians is so low . 
  first of all , the civilized culture was firstly limited to greece . 
  if it were n't for the romans nobody would spread this culture to the rest of europe . 
  the romans changed the world to the core . 
  then , again , italy drew the world our of the dark ages and started the renaissance . 
  italy made great discoveries , we have great art and literature . 
  these and many many others changed thew world . 
  how dare you tell me that you as an american can look down on me ? 
  how can such arrogance go to your brain . 
  the continent you inhabit is named after an italian for god 's sake . 
  another italian showed people it existed . 
  you are using the alphabet my ancestors ( the romans ) made . 
  i bet you enjoy our food quite often . 
  what is more , you do realize that america is made by europe 's unwanted and unnecessary peasants or criminals right ? 
  no , because i want to provide a good lifestyle for my kids . 
  i want them to have education and go to bed with a full stomach every night . 
  i want them to have toys and books . 
  i will only have a child when i can provide this for it . 
  if i 'm wealthy enough i will have as many kids as i can support . 
   they do n't know who 's going to look after them when they 're old well that 's selfish . 
  bringing a child to the world , knowing it may die and starve just to know someone will look after your ass . 
   want increased fertility ? 
  make europe goddamn poor . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm sick of this bullshit . 
  we deserved not being poor . 
  we fought for it and we made life better for ourselves . 
  well no , you are right . 
  you know what-for every person of a non-western outcome that changed the world i will tell you 10 of western outcome . 
  i can assume it . 
  a world changing genius is born pretty rarely and in 95 % of the cases he is born in western civilization . 
   wow ... just wow !, 
  you make it sound as if without us , the earths core would stop spinning no but humanity would be pretty backwards . 
   humans as a species will surely survive for a long time , will western culture ? 
  hard to say , is western culture the best when you factor in human happiness etc ? 
  well yes , western culture is by far the best . 
  there is no other civilization that has increased it 's population 's longevity so much . 
  nobody else has made such medicine and science . 
  no other culture has comparable music , literature , no one else has ever built such space stations or done so much with it technology . 
  we have almost defeated problems such as famine and plagues killing millions . 
  not only have we done it for ourselves but we have also done it for others . 
  thanks to us many asian countries have become technological and advanced . 
  we 're also helping africa . 
  how is western civilization not the best ? 
  we are having problems with reproducing only because of our greatness . 
  other cultures do n't care for their children as much . 
  a middle eastern woman can have 10 children and not care about their education . 
  an african woman breeds to the world 10 children-she does n't care they will starve . 
  or maybe she does , but that does n't stop her . 
  our women and men are responsible parents . 
  they only have a child when they 're sure that they can provide a suiting lifestyle for them . 
  because european families will want to make sure that their child will go to sleep after it 's washed , fed and happy . 
  they want to know their child will get a proper education and will live a nice life . 
  they want to know that their child will have their attention and not feel lonely . 
  for that reason , of loving our kids , we have less of them-to provide a nice life for them . 
  because you see , by our logic quality is better than quantity . 
  we want to have 1 child that has a nice life instead of 10 that will live in suffering . 
  the japanese for example have adopted our methods . 
  they are similar to us and for that reason their population is also declining . 
  their culture is respectable . 
  but africans and middle easterners do n't care . 
   also , suggesting that europeans are the only ones that can help humankind `` survive '' is preposterous it has been like this so far . 
  it 's like this now . 
  what reason do we have to think anything will change ? 
   why do you care so much about mankind ? 
  because i am human . 
  i know we are a small planet and a pretty irrelevant species . 
  so what if we 're irrelevant ? 
  we have the right to survive as a species . 
  who knows-maybe one day we will be able to conquer the universe . 
  get to know other species . 
  our brains can not even begin to comprehend what lies beyond our knowledge . 
  we , as a species , have the right to survive . 
  and without europeans that 's not going to happen . 
  also how is it naive ? 
  i see a tendency so far and nothing suggest it 's going to change . 
  i disagree . 
  without western civilization the world would suck . 
  do you realize how little achievements there would be without europeans ? 
  without us planet earth would be at least 2000 years back from where we are now . 
  we are the ones responsible for the success of mankind . 
  this said , i refuse to believe we deserve being extinct . 
  might sound arrogant but we are awesome . 
  we are the ones who reached space and we are the ones who made the world the way it is today .
