  and africans now . 
  does n't mean i support it . 
  actually you know what . 
  seeing as america is the land of the emigrants from all over the world , maybe we should send all of the immigrants that come to europe to america instead . 
  at least they ca n't complain since they 're all immigrants . 
  i know . 
  i 'm not saying i support the italians ' decision to leave . 
  but all europeans left for america in the millions at some point-italians just happened to be the latest wave . 
  good . 
  maybe then the eu will stop forcing us to be humanitarian . 
  with the deep shit italy 's in we do n't really need to spend money on immigrants . 
   in may this year german officials accused italy of giving african migrants up to 500 euros ( # 420 ; $ 680 ) each as well as schengen zone visas , enabling them to leave italy and head north . 
  really germany ? 
  and how is it fair that we should accept them all ? 
  if we could get rid of him , i would be so happy . 
  i know but they say it 's slovakia . 
  slavic country . 
  part of former czechoslovakia . 
  they filmed the movie hostel there . 
  beer . 
  mountains . 
  capital is bratislava which i think means glory of brothers . 
  you know a long time ago we were all savages . 
  we lived in caves etc. 
  some of us chaged that and now have countries with infrastructure and a working economy . 
  others did n't and maybe it 's time for them to do the thing their ancestors missed on . 
  i do n't think criminals deserve empathy . 
  illegal immigration is illegal . 
  what do we call people who do illegal things ? 
  criminals . 
  i 'm sorry they died . 
  i am . 
  but it 's their own fault . 
  i have a clue and i see no reason to have compassion towards people who brake the law of my country . 
  so what if i 'm born in italy ? 
  italy is not naturally gifted . 
  i ca n't speak for the southern climate but where i live it goes something like this . 
  hot , very hot summers . 
  then the winter . 
  a cold , icy , winter with snow and fog . 
  and i mean fog . 
  when you extend your hand you ca n't even see it from the fog . 
  it 's col. 
  the autumn and the spring are either chilly or hot , never normal and rainy . 
  much of italy in mountains . 
  mountains do n't give you a lot of land you can work with . 
  rocks and forests . 
  there are few places in which you can harvest ( although granted they are enough to feed the population ) and you have to do it carefully because it 's not as fertile as the valley of neil or congo . 
  on top of that italy has almost no natural resources-no fuel , no oil , a little gas and barely any sites where you can produce electricity . 
  so tell me about how fertile italy is . 
  most of africa ( except the deserts ) is 10 times more fertile than europe . 
  why did europeans start conquering ? 
  why did the romans start conquering ? 
  because of the lack of resources . 
  so do n't tell me how lucky i am . 
  so why should i take someone who has no education or skills in my country ? 
  do i owe him something ? 
  not like he 's gon na be a contribution . 
  no they are n't . 
  people who could n't get their shit together and fight back are responsible . 
  besides ertirea barely provides any of the immigrants that come to italy . 
  and i guess they were cold so they set the fire . 
  they 're known for doing that . 
  yeah , this is the exact sane problem most of europe is having now . 
  just wait until they want independence , or worse try to seize control of country . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  first you get 400 people on a 2 -- mete boat ( how is that even possible ? ) . 
  most of these people ca n't swim . 
  and they decide to set a fire on the boat . 
  i ca n't even begin to comprehend the stupidity that you need to do that . 
   500 migrants thought to be on the 20-metre boat . 
  gee i wonder why it would sink . 
  damn it !, 
  it 's true . 
  that does mean what the fuck !, 
  can you send me a video of that ? 
  do n't worry . 
  greece have nothing against white immigrants . 
  no , it 's different . 
  if two babies are born at the same time and one of them does n't do anything and the other learns how to speak , walk , run , use tools , calculate it 's obvious that eventually one of the babies , although having the same abilities in the beginning will rule over the other . 
  its how things are . 
  and that 's thousands of years . 
  and thousands of discoveries . 
  it 's not that europeans luckly got a great discovery . 
  yes , european colonialist divided . 
  in africa but also in europe . 
  the empires constantly conquered lands of different nations . 
  our continent has been thorn up by wars , much more dangerous than africans ones ( seeing as we used bombs and they used spears at the same time ) . 
  but that 's past-we settled it . 
  why ca n't they ? 
  when have they withstood the shock of the roman empire ? 
  napoleon 's wars ? 
  the two world wars ? 
  never . 
  in fact it 's harder for us than for them . 
  african economical progress ? 
  if we had n't gone to africa they would n't know what economy is . 
  so do n't talk about their progress . 
  you complain about subsidies ? 
  i 'm the first person to agree that we should n't give 1 penny to africa but they should be thankful we do , not complain about it .
