  the rest who were n't much already , went 4 different directions . 
  that 's a small group right there for asparuh . 
  in fact the groups were so small that out of the 4 brothers who left , 2 disappeared in oblivion . 
  on top of that the other son made a bulgaria on the volga river . 
  so chances are ukrainians have more proto-bulgarian blood than bulgarians . 
  the difference is that the bulgarians we know now managed to keep their name and culture . 
  slavic blood started ruling bulgaria as soon as khan krum , since he was half slavic . 
  kniaz boris annihilated the proto-bulgarian nobility because they would n't accept christianity . 
  it was 52 huge noble families . 
  so that is a lot of dead bulgarians . 
  the truth is that boris himself was more slavic than he was bulgarian . 
  if there is only 3-4 % slavic genetic makeup from slavs that would mean that slavs are no more than 5-6 % . 
  so tell me , how does such a tiny , irrelevant minority manage to impose it 's language and culture on the ( in your words ) vast bulgarian majority . 
  the proto-bulgarians ( the few of them ) and the slavs did n't really manage to stay separate entities because they were united first by religion and then they had to unite to survive while being in the byzantine and turkish empires . 
  also , i have seen bulgarians . 
  they look like slavs . 
  sure , a bit darker than russians ( due to more sun ) but more or less similar features . 
  plus bulgarians are lighter than serbs ( in my experience ) . 
  so basically today 's bulgarians are a mix of mostly slavs and some proto-bulgarians and some tracians . 
  now obviously proto-bulgarian culture was really strong so it is kept to this day in the country , but that 's it . 
  i 'll even tell you when the theories about bulgarians being non-slavs came from . 
  bulgaria was an ally of nazi germany , and since hitler considered slavs inferior they had to find a way to make bulgarians part of the `` superior '' race . 
  of course those are just my conclusions based on historical facts and experiences . 
  if you care to elaborate on the trustworthy survey that would change my mind , i 'd be happy to enrich my knowledge on the genetics of bulgarians . 
   they do n't like the russians some love them , some hate them . 
   most can speak russian though . 
  because the languages are so damn close . 
  created in 681 , making it the 3rd oldest european country . 
  her creator was the son of the khan of another bulgaria which was a big country in the caucas and ukraine . 
  khan tervel , her second khan , defeated the arabs who were about to take constantinopole and he `` saved '' christian europe much like martel did , except he was n't christian . 
  in the beginning the proto-bulgarians ruled the country but they were a minority so in time slavs took their place . 
  right now the country is slavic . 
  khan krum drank from a byzantine emperor 's skull , making him the first byzantine emperorto ever fall in battle . 
  kniaz boris made them christian . 
  after taking christianity and slavs starting to rule the country their rulers took the name `` tsar '' . 
  they made the cyrillic alphabet . 
  after the templars took the byzantine they tried to take bulgaria but the bulgarians kicked the shit out of them . 
  they were enslaved by the ottoman empire for 500 years . 
  the guy who made the computer was of bulgarian descent . 
  at some point bulgaria was as big as the balkans , romania included . 
  after the liberation from the turks a treaty was made of the new country 's borders . 
  it was huge because to the north east it went to ukrane , to the south it had most of the turkish european land and most of northern greece . 
  plus the whole macedonia and a good part f serbia . 
  of course the great powers back then did want such a big rival on the balkans so they cut bulgaria . 
  half of their lands ( mind you that when the treaty was made they were full with bulgarians but later they immigrated to the free part of their country ) still are outside of the country . 
  they have yoghurt and cheap booze . 
  good at many sports , especially volleyball and weightlifting , but they love football which they are bad at . 
  in the olympics before 1989 they were often only second to the ussr in medals . 
  from the eastern block . 
  they went to space . 
  since 1989 the country 's industry is ruined . 
  well that 's not a surprise . 
  however this is probably the maximum we 're going to reach . 
  we are already all fed ( in europe ) so we 're probably not getting any taller . 
  and evolutionary wise humans as a whole are going to be getting shorter . 
  what do you mean by textbook stuff ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm sorry but this is far from being extremist . 
  i say tighter immigration policy . 
  this is neither racist nor fascist . 
  japan has a tight immigration policy . 
  does this make japan 's government racist ? 
  same goes for australia . 
  also i 'm not even 100 % against immigration . 
  if the immigrant is a doctor , or a teacher , or an engineer who will actually do something good for the country then by all means he is welcome . 
  also i have never even mentioned the word race . 
  racist means one thing and one thing only : believing that one race is superior to another . 
  seeing as i have said no such thing anywhere , nor do i believe such a thing i am not racist . 
  use that brain of yours . 
  the guy who shot those migrants was an extremist . 
  i am not an extremist because i do n't want to kill anyone . 
  ever . 
  i think you should come clean with your sensualism and admit to yourself that you are throwing around words who 's meaning you barely understand such as extremism , racism and fascism . 
  are you mad ? 
  why did the roman empire fall ? 
  is it a secret that it 's decline started when they gave citizenship to everyone in the empire ? 
  is it a secret that the same tribes who got to be citizens and got in the army were later also the ones who destroyed the empire ? 
  learn from your past mistakes ? 
  looks like plenty of people are n't doing that . 
  multiculturalism killed rome . 
  italians are victims , trust me . 
  is it not true that most immigrants have more children than the native italians ? 
  where is this statistic leading to in the future , i wonder . 
  is it not true how many immigrants live on welfare or very low income jobs that do almost nothing for the economy such as selling shit on beaches or bad purses on the streets ? 
  is it not true that crime is much higher among immigrants ? 
  is it not true that every once in a while when you hear about a rape , or a robbery or a killing it 's in 50 % + not an italian ? 
  you are arrogant and try to manipulate this conversation to a way you want it to go . 
  where have i said i want any racial laws ? 
  i do n't . 
  i never would . 
  what i want is a tighter immigration policy , and close the borders . 
  we should only allow specialists with an education that might actually do something good for the country instead of everyone who feels like exploiting us . 
  i would want the mediaset ? 
  i hate berlusconi for what he did to italy . 
  fuck him . 
  i do n't like the mediaset that much either ( except they put a good movie on once in a while ) . 
  so how about you stop putting words in my mouth ? 
  or even better , if you do n't like it in italy because we 're all racist pricks , how about you just go back to your country and leave our racism to ourselves ? 
  that way nobody will be racist towards you and i can stop bitching . 
  oh so they would actually shoot me .
