  the whole world came from africans . 
  that happened long ago . 
  today asians are asians and europeans are europeans . 
  turks are hardly assimilated greeks . 
  it 's there 's any european genes turks have ( you know the light turks ) they are the result of all the slavic and greek slaves , especially women , who were brought from the balkans and raped by rich turks in their harems . 
   they have had alliances with both the netherlands and france , including free trade . 
  and it does n't matter how much examples of cultural influence i give , it will never be enough for you . 
  well so did india as i said . 
  why is n't india european ? 
  besides arabs also had a big influence on europe since they conquered most of spain and most of southern italy for a while . 
   turkey underwent significant westernization starting with atat\u00fcrk . 
  you ca n't just ignore that . 
  yeah , it did . 
  the thing is though that almost every corner of the world ( if not every ) passed through westernization because of the huge colonial european powers . 
  if europe ruled the whole world it 's normal that the whole world passed a westernization process . 
   the way turkey is now there still are significant aspects that make them unsuitable to joint right away ... but that 's why we have the accession process to begin with . 
  even the most optimistic projections do n't see that finishing in the next two decades . 
  if they manage to do so , that proves that they are willing and able to live like europeans : why then deny them membership ? 
  alright . 
  just replace the word turkey with the word india . 
  actually human traits . 
  all humans did it , but europeans had available much stronger weapons and military tactics so our wars were more bloody . 
  unpopular opinion but : no . 
  why ? 
  simple . 
  turks are n't european . 
  the majority of turkish population is n't european and their culture and language and genes is closer to those of the middle easterners . 
  plus what 's up turkey ? 
  being asian just is n't good enough for you ? 
  a funny example would be estonia saying they are nordic all the time or italians living in the deep belief we are central europe . 
  it 's just not true . 
  you may say that they were present during a lot of europe 's past and played a big role . 
  well so does the usa via global media and film industry . 
  does n't make it european ( although imo the us is closer to being european than turkey ) . 
  besides the only `` influence '' they have had on europe was in war with the rest of us and slaughtering people from the balkans . 
  relations with turkey should be very stable and we should have nice economic bonds . 
  but they are n't european . 
  their culture is absolutely middle easterner . 
  the only difference is that unlike many muslim countries they have separation of religion and state which is by it 's self not enough to make them european . 
  by the same logic we could put india in europe because the brits had huge cultural influence there . 
   because germanic speaking people would find it easier to learn because that did n't already happen with english right ? 
  somehow i think not all czechs want their language to die . 
  touche . 
  i sure hope they do n't sell him . 
  well that 's much better , at least a bunch of people will google her and learn something new , myself included . 
  well to be honest i do not like describing myself as south european because i find more common things with the centrals but geographically we are southern . 
  and yeah the north-east . 
  still southern europe . 
  the total area of belgium 30,528 km2 the total of romania is 238,391 km2 romania is a bit bigger . 
  otherwise the idea is great but the information needs to be more precise . 
  and the language part gives away almost all of the countries . 
  and the neighbor makes it easier . 
  saying a dish , a size or some famous thing about the country would make it much more interesting . 
  well , more like deny . 
  i have never in my life seen sunlight at 23:00 . 
  not ever . 
  and in the winter you do n't even see sun due to all the fog . 
  one cup of coffee lasts anywhere from 5 seconds to 1 minute . 
   imagine if you will europe after ww2 was left to deal with russia and the middle east alone yes , look at all these damn russians and middle easterners trying to attack poor , defenseless europe . 
  thank you usa . 
  let us please suck your almighty cock . 
  which it is . 
  i had n't noticed that ... anyway it 's not really racist . 
  more like an observation . 
  and it 's a soon-to-be situation in europe as well . 
  where ? 
  that is so fucking awesome . 
  okay , pretty sure you 're trolling and dismissing some pretty 100 % true stuff such as the pantheon 's history . 
  you are amazingly stupid , fuck off , or better yet read a book or something . 
  this is n't even a discussion about multiculturalism anymore . 
  it 's just you being some asshole who tries to say everything i say is not true . 
  you are ignorant and stupid . 
  i suggest you get off the internet , or better yet use it to learn some things . 
  everyone is talking of art and music but nobody talk about scientific progress ... 
  it 's almost the same god damn it . 
  why do romanians in / r/europe see such a difference ? 
   wikipedia is wrong . 
  hm , who should i trust ... you or wikipedia . 
   what led you to believe the collapse of the empire led to widespread famines and loss of wealth ? 
  life changed very little for the people of western europe . 
  the wealth of rome was always in the hands of a priviledged few . 
  yeah and those few were the romans who , together with greeks , shaped european civilization . 
   and before they were toys in the hands of the richmen of rome . 
  what 's your point ? 
  actually , no . 
  a rich roman citizen and a porr roman citizen had the same rights . 
   do you have any sources to corroborate these claims ? 
  no , but it 's a logical conclusion . 
   from now on , everytime you make a baseless assumption i 'm just going to ask you to prove it . 
  so , prove it . 
  well , british tribes had the tradition of putting decapitated heads on their walls and let the rot , spreading disease . 
  [ what have the romans ever done for us ? ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exwfh6sgyso ) . 
  that should clear why rome brought civilization , higene and technology to barbarians . 
  on the other hand , the crusades brought nothing positive to anyone . 
  just death and suffering . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_christians_in_the_roman_empire as i said-these were not done by roman law , but just by a few mad emperors and were quite the rare thing . 
   prove it . 
  what am i supposed to prove ? 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  is it not true that throughout the middle ages people were accused of witchcraft and killed with no apparent reason .
