  and i have to live in fear of saying some thing because i 'll get shot . 
  oh yeah , love multiculturalism . 
  i understand your curiosity and those this are really interesting to know . 
  also , we are the world you are trying to convince that `` th '' and `` d '' sound different . 
  they do n't . 
  maybe you should get thou back though . ^ seewhatididthere ? 
  well , you do n't write what you say . 
  like mother . 
  why is n't it spelled madur . 
  or potato-why is n't it poteito ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  why is it like this ? 
  i have no idea . 
  also , for the most polite people in the world you do n't have a polite way of addressing people . 
  in italian there is lei to show respect to someone . 
  you just say you to everyone . 
  that said , i still like english . 
  it 's just kind of illogical to me personally . 
  i 'm not trying to impose it , that 's just my opinion . 
  yeah , it 's kind of insulting . 
  i mean the line sounds simply like saying `` italians are idiots , that 's why they elect him and i do n't want to live with these morons '' . 
  also the downvotes could have come from the fact that what you 're saying is completely irrelevant to the thread . 
  anyway have an upvote because of all the butthurt that downvoted you . 
  i think all european languages are nice . 
  my favorites would be italian , bulgarian , russian and german . 
  i know many people say german is ugly but i like it . 
  i like how english sound but the grammar irritates me . 
  all slavic languages sound interesting . 
  greek is nice to listen to . 
  i was born intolerant to french though . 
  sorry but i just do n't like it . 
  nothing personal . 
  the spelling is weird and it sounds weird to me . 
  spanish is cool but it sounds a lot like a southern italian dialect . 
  finnish sounds awesome . 
  yeah hopefully they do something at least for the ban on testing on animals . 
  i do n't think that is the reason . 
  macedonians , romanians and bulgarians are also orthodox . 
  more like because in the past it was more like serbs + greeks vs. the bulgarians . 
   after that the stopping of the arab steamroller as the eastern roman empire bulgarians deserve a lot of credit for this one , although they were n't yet christians . 
  the byzantines were desperate and khan tervel helped a lot with defeating the arabs . 
   the continual pestering of the ottoman empire in their own backyard this also goes to all of the balkans-serbs bulgarians and greeks and romanians . 
  but anyway . 
  thank you greece for being awesome and shaping european civilization and saving us from the east a couple of times . 
  different people various experiences . 
  9 grams is the weight of the bullets of the nagant m1895 revolver and the tokarev tt-33 pistol . 
  soviet officers carried those arms . 
  in the red army anyone who would desert or show hesitation to follow orders during ww2 would be shot by his superior , thus an officer . 
  to be given the 9 grams would mean to be shot . 
  there 's even a russian song from a movie where it 's mentioned . 
  not true . 
  until you have n't actually face immigrants you think they 're all good and helpful and that they respect your country and that your country needs them . 
  the truth is n't so sweet . 
  once you really meet immigrants and their way of life , then it 's hard to be as tolerant . 
  for all those who 'll say that i should n't generalize . 
  fine , there are exceptions . 
  oh come on we are n't fucked . 
  i do n't clean toilets . 
  it 's not * that * bad . 
  mediterranean europe is the best europe ^ ^ not ^ now, 
  france is in the mediterranean . 
  kind of . 
   when would italians learn tolerance , particularly when eight per cent of the country 's population are migrants ? 
  i think that the fact there are so many immigrants is what makes italians intolerant . 
  it 's easy to be tolerant towards something you have n't faced . 
   without a doubt , kyenge should ensure the adoption of laws which would guarantee citizenship to the children of immigrants born in italy . 
  how about you give us the 9 grams directly ? 
  and do n't get me wrong-i think that the * one guy * who threw a banana at her is a moron and so is calderoli . 
  it 's offensive to her and it 's stupid . 
  i get it . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  you must be trolling . 
  you have absolutely no proof for what yu 're saying . 
  romans did n't leave their homes . 
  they mixed up with the barbarians . 
  if the romans had gone to africa they would have preserved their culture , and africans would feel like itlians do . 
  it would be more logical if you had said romans went to the eastern roman empire and it would still be untrue . 
  the romans recognized a lot of things . 
  they were tolerant to anyone who did n't rebel . 
  read about the purpose of the pantheon in rome . 
  an emperor even granted roman citizenship to everyone in the empire ( which is by the way when rome 's decline started so go multiculturalism ) . 
  they respected greeks a lot . 
  they respected egyptians ( although not as much as greeks ) . 
  in his life memoar emperor claudius wrote in greek because he thought it would outlive latin . 
  every educated roman knew greek . 
  is that not respecting others ? 
  some tribes just had nothing to be respected for . 
  you are a lonely little troll who hates italy and rome mostly because you 're jealous . 
  europeans did n't start voting right when the crisis hit.some europeans started voting right when their countries were faced with migration . 
  oh look , they 're ganging up . 
  yes , slaughter . 
  every war was slaughter . 
  the british did slaughter , the germans , the russians . 
  everyone . 
  only that romans took lifes and brought cultures and technologies . 
  also you know i 'm not talking about greeks , egyptians and mesopotamians but about other tribes , including italic tribes . 
  i understand you think you 're really clever with your visigoth reference . 
  really funny . 
  but no . 
  i do have goth blood .
