  hey lombards did some nice stuff and shaped the country the way it is today . 
  i do n't complain . 
  touche ' . 
  note to self # 1 : scandinavian solidarity . 
  note to self # 2 : italy has no friends ... 
  [ cough ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lombard_league ), 
  [ ahem ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germanicus ), 
  why are you defending the danes ? 
  it 's time for italy to reclaim denmark . 
  future citizens of rome is what they are . 
  why the hell are you telling them ? 
  you built the malmo-copenhagen bridge , we built this . 
  so we can start the anschluss from both ways . 
  i 've heard many bad experiences with italian men marrying italian women ... 
  why not ? 
  out of the three romanian women i know ... meh . 
  why the women ( partners in general ) ? 
  as i said in another thread : the state allows those tax reliefs * because * they expect the couple to have kids . 
  thus produce future working hand which is good . 
  i 'm all for gay rights . 
  just trying to send you this guy 's message because he does n't seem able to do it . 
  gon na be fun when serbia gets in too . 
  i never said i support that argument . 
  i was giving the other side of the coin . 
  you ca n't make the age distinction . 
  age has never been a legal requirement . 
  that is not gon na change . 
  it 's the opposite with gay marriage . 
  you are ignoring the historical factor . 
  will americans stop calling everything you do n't like either communist or fascist ? 
  we have different flags . 
  italian is green white red and irish is green white orange . 
  do n't have to be a cunt over a typo . 
   a 40year old man got stabbed in the throat in the middle while walking his dog , by three youths . 
  - no arrests have yet been made . 
  those youths are at it again . 
  i have a friend who knows a guy from scotland who speaks gaelic . 
  i even know the word for whiskey , unfortunately i have no idea how to spell it but it literally translate to `` water of life '' or something . 
  yes but in order to keep a country moving we obviously need future generations . 
  that 's is quite obvious . 
  the state , again wins nothing with gay marriage . 
  it loses money those two people would pay as taxes if not married . 
  i have to add that considering how few gay people there are the state wo n't take a huge hit without part of their little contribution . 
  so in my opinion the state should care more about the happiness of it 's citizens than a small amount of money . 
  besides the non-fertility of gays can be settled by letting them adopt children in which way they would still create future worthy humans . 
  anyhow seeing as italy is one of the countries that does n't allow gay marriage straight italian couples who want to adopt are profiting massively by russia . 
  russia is basically only letting italians adopt their children which is nice . 
  any `` european spring '' that may be coming will ( which wo n't happen ) will end as hell for turkey . 
  i do n't know how much he knows about how europeans live but the chicken thing was utter bullshit . 
  you know , we also produce stuff here buddy . 
  gon na be playing the devil 's advocate here but there are reasons other than blind homophobia that would make you dislike gay marriage . 
  it 's simple . 
  being married has benefits-tax cuts , insurances etc. 
  the state is willing to sacrifice the money that it would get from couples because it is assumed that these two people will have children , and thus make up for future generations . 
  so these money are the sacrifice the state makes for a future tax payer . 
  however gay people will most probably not reproduce so out of a cold , calculated purely economic perspective gay marriage will only do harm to the state . 
  it 's not what i believe i 'm just giving you the other side of the coin . 
  also for such a defender of gay rights you seem quite the xenophobic chap . 
  democracy is n't equality . 
  no need for that really . 
  this is the situation where northeners and southerners are alike . 
  wine is the most common drink in northern italy as well . 
  add some grappa after a meal or an alcoholic sorbetto ( mostly in the summer and quite often it 's analcoholic . ), 
  why ? 
  dear germans , stop ruining the stereotypes we have for you . 
  now i ca n't bitch about how disciplined the germans are . 
  sincerely , everyone . 
  why sexist ? 
  it 's all true . 
  it says european not eu . 
  except war . 
  that 's what i mean by friendlier . 
  if you do n't know russia is european then that 's ignorance and you deserve your score . 
  humans make for the best wurst . 
  probably the way it was until 1945 except a bit more friendly to each other . 
  after ww2 and during the cold war some sort of union or oragnisation is kind of obligatory . 
  without the eu we would probably have something else which would be the same . 
  or we would just have relations like the ones norway has with the eu . 
  if you live here you should voice your opinion ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  if you 're an immigrant on welfare not only did you go there uninvited but you 're also a parasite to swiss society ( you went there on your own free will and you are exploiting the people who work ) . 
  so you also take the right to mess with the swiss ' politics and have a voice on how the people who feed you should live ? 
  i think not . 
  so tell me why should a parasite get a voice in what an animal does ? 
  and as i see switzerland has not forbid immigration . 
  it has just agreed that criminals and people who do n't work are n't worthy of swiss citizenship which is logical . 
  okay let me try . 
  seeing as i 'm italian , italy will be the country of example i will be using . 
  as we all know italy is in crisis . 
  there is unemployment . 
  obviously then , our current population does n't have jobs . 
  the purpose of immigration is when a country 's economy is growing rapidly and the work force of the country is not sufficient for the developing industry . 
  so in that case we need immigrants who will fill out the places . 
  seeing as our economy does n't need more work force , and is unable to provide work for the people already here it is stupid to introduce more people . 
  why ? 
  these people will be likely unemployed which leads to social tensions and crime . 
  a lot of the state 's welfare goes out to people who are immigrants and let 's not mention the money we spend to give them acomodation . 
  this is the same money that can be used to invest in new jobs or increasing the budget of some institution . 
  or both . 
  these people bring their culture with them which is normally okay but italians are shrinking in the last ~ 5 years .
