  i 'd much rather spend that money to find these people jobs instead of sending it to a country i do n't care about . 
  if you explain to what benefits this bring to our countries i will be thankful . 
  and if they are significant i will be happy to apologize . 
  besides , colonialism ? 
  how is it our fault ? 
  what you think they would n't have done the same ? 
  of course they would . 
  everyone want power and land , even africans . 
  we were just the ones who happened to have the better technology , so we conquered them . 
  should i feel guilty that rome conquered france and pay something to the french ? 
  should the austrians feel guilty for conquering northern italy ? 
  should they pay me something ? 
  that 's just how history goes . 
  i was actually waiting for such a comment . 
  i think yours is a joke but for everyone who is really going to say `` racist '' let 's clear up what the word racist means . 
  a racist person is someone who thinks and says that one race is superior to another . 
  a racist comment would be a comment expressing a thought that one race is superior to another . 
  nowhere in my comment , or as a matter of fact anywhere have i said such a thing . 
  besides the fact that i do n't give a fuck for kenya has nothing to do with the fact that they 're black . 
  i also do n't give a shit about belarus . 
  to be honest i do n't give a flying fuck for kenya . 
  ca n't eu money , obviously given by eu countries , i do n't know , stay in the eu . 
  i 'd understand giving away if every eu country was as rich as luxembourg , but that 's not the case . 
  plenty eu countries , my own as well , could use that money . 
  we do n't owe kenya anything and frankly i find this ridiculous , and i also see it as someone taking money from my pocket to give it to a country i do n't care about , and also one i 'm not in a union with . 
  it was before the revolution . 
  and not much , like we were for the new year , i do n't remember if it was 2010 or 2011 . 
  the funny thing was there were images of their former dictator and especially [ this one ] ( http://www.immobilier-neuf-tunisie.com/img-immobilier-neuf-tunisie/president-tunisie.jpg ) . 
  me and a friend started calling him raul for whatever reason . 
  anyway , as i said i 'm not sure if it was 2010 or 2011 but i 'm leaning towards 2011 since i remember talking about the revolution that already happened with my buddies at the gym the same year . 
  we were in a closed hotel community so i would n't know how things were going outside but i can assure i did not notice anything . 
  we went on a trip in the desert with jeeps , we even went to where star wars was filmed . 
  we went to a nearby mall ( a small pathetic excuse for a mall but you get me ) to buy souvenirs and still we did n't notice the revolution , although i was there right in it 's heart . 
  i have had experience in africa , although only as a tourist . 
  i 've been to egypt and tunisia . 
  egypt-well first of all it 's really really really really hot . 
  definitely some things worth seeing-the pyramids and karnak . 
  it 's worth going there and visiting . 
  hotel hygiene is ... let 's say they have a different standard than ours . 
  i 'd suggest pay a bit more for a nice place . 
  many scams and when they offer you camels for your wife i 'm almost sure they mean it . 
  same with tunisia . 
  fun trips . 
  but i would n't regret going there . 
  as for the relationships , i have almost no idea . 
  i remember berlusconi made some anti-immigrant pact with libya but that was in the days of gaddafi . 
  i 'm pretty sure italy has apologized to ethiopia 1 million times so far . 
   what do you think of the continent 's future as it relates to europe ? 
  many things . 
  on second though , when someone calls us eurofags we can be like : look at russia . 
  you can ignore the statistics all you want but that 's not going to change them . 
  not only about race or ethnicity . 
   one who regards or treats the members of a group it includes ethnic groups but it 's not only about them . 
  pedophiles are also a group . 
  i have the / r/europe survey . 
  if that not sufficient i understand you . 
  close your eyes to the real facts , because they make you feel better . 
   show me the facts and i 'll show you where they 're a myth obviously unable to do that , now are you ? 
  our women could be the same as our men , our children . 
  it 's not that much big of deal , it 's of an expression . 
  when i say `` my sister '' it does not mean i own her or anything . 
  she 's just my sister as i am her brother . 
  do you get me ? 
  what am i really ? 
  please tell me !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime ) [ 2 . 
  ] ( http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/immigrant-rape-wave-in-sweden.html ) [ 3 . 
  ] ( http://simulev.blogspot.com/2005/11/rape-jihad-in-sweden.html ) [ 4 . 
  ] ( http://www.law.berkeley.edu/php-programs/jsp/filedl.php?fid=255 ) [ 5 . 
  ] ( http://www.cjimagazine.com/archives/cji2fc6.html?id=61 ) [ 6 . ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xsknaq_femme-de-la-rue-sexism-in-the-streets-of-brussels-english-subtitles_webcam#.uexcctjmhnd ) . 
  posted in this same thread if you cared to read . 
  plus pay attention to all the article that even we on / r/europe have quite often . 
  police station besieged . 
  some norwegian woman arrested for being raped . 
  it 's full of source but you would n't be interested in reading them since they do n't fill in with your butterfly and roses world in which multiculturalism is heaven on earth , higher crime rates among immigrants do n't exist , and we 're all just the same . 
  a beautiful rainbow of people living all together in peace , we 're all tolerant of each other . 
  and where we give home to these people , tormented by war and gruesome laws . 
  well now it is us who is tormented by them and it 's our women who are afraid to walk the streets more than ever and it is us who are about to be ruled by such laws . 
  it 's europeans that do n't have a job . 
  it 's europeans who wo n't have a home . 
  also would you people *** please *** learn what bigot means . 
  a bigot is someone who is intolerant of those who are different in anything including opinions . 
  you 're just as bigoted to my opinion , if not more , as i am to islam . 
  we 're all bigots . 
  you 're against pedophiles ? 
  so am i. 
  we 're bigots . 
  this word is so commonly misused and misinterpreted it is starting to give me headaches . 
  stop throwing the word bigot around as if that 's your huge discussion winning secret card that destroys all opposition . 
  also , you 're calling me offensive words . 
  how dare you than preach to me about offending others ? 
  that irish guy has a lot to do with the immigrants . 
  also i 'm not spewing things . 
  i 'm stating my arguments . 
  i 'm actually trying to teach you something about the world . 
  but you 're not actually interested in changing your mind and learning something ? 
  of course you 're not . 
  you 're just waiting for your little chance to say : hey look this guy is racist , and you 'll have your little victory over the far leftist crowd . 
  i mean yes , you 're the defendant of the weak , of the innocent minorities that never do anything wrong , or at least never so more than europeans . 
  you 're a hero .
