  and here is where you are wrong . 
  we must remember the past in order to avoid repeating our mistakes . 
  besides this is n't about memory . 
  nobody knows where he 's buried . 
  it 's about the human decency of treating another human being 's body like a human 's body ; not like trash . 
  replace what you just said with `` blacks '' , `` asians '' , `` jews '' or even `` whites '' . 
  i am considered racist because i believe gypsy culture is bad . 
  but they are still people . 
  not a different species . 
  also stealing little girls with blonde hair and blue eyes is the same as stealing any other kinds of kids . 
  what do you wan na do ? 
  kill them all ? 
  gee i wonder why nobody 's thought of that before . 
  every human deserves a funeral . 
  or at least cremation . 
  mussolini 's tomb is the biggest tomb is predappio . 
  i do n't want to argue because i have n't been to spain . 
  my impression about how spanish people look has come from the few i know ( mind you one if from barcelona and another from bilbao ) and they have left an impression that was quite different from what i 'm used to seeing here . 
  and you 're right about the immigrants . 
  although there are southerners who look surprising . 
  such as ignazio abate . 
  not that it matters much . 
   do italians and spaniards look any different at all ? 
  yes . 
  well except southern italy i would guess . 
  there are always exceptions . 
  like pique or something . 
  but you are right . 
  there was no native mixing . 
  current population . 
  not native population . 
  49 % of argentina 's population is italian which is also why argentinians look much different than other south americans . 
  even more have italian heritage . 
  [ this ] ( http://ilmegliodiinternet.it/wp-content/gallery/polandball/198596_231057940353236_82496968_n.jpg ) comes to mind . 
  why ? 
  i think they use euros the can already freely cross the borders of their neighbor eu countries and they have treaties with italy similar to the eu ones . 
   will the european union still exist ? 
  most likely . 
  some countries may leave , some may join but i think it wo n't fail , or at least not so soon . 
   what about the economy , is there any reason to think that the depression in the south will get to an end ? 
  actually yes there is . 
  i do n't know about other countries but italy has been showing positive signs recently . 
  it 's all baby steps but yeah . 
   is there a real chance of the uk leaving the eu soon ? 
  there surely is a big chance . 
  hell there is a chance that italy will leave ( the guy who proposed a referendum for leaving got like 20 % ) . 
  hopefully not though . 
   will scotland , catalonia , or any other territory be independent by then ? 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe scotland but catalonia probably not . 
  i can still remember thousands of people gathering at lega nord rallies and thousands more supporting from home . 
  flags , screams , nationalism it was all a big clusterfuck . 
  i still do n't see northern italy independent ( i like it that way ) . 
  and trust me , the difference between northern and southern italy is waaaaay bigger than catalonia and the rest of spain . 
   a front national government in france , would that make the union break up ? 
  highly unlikely . 
   what would happen with a possible syriza government in greece ? 
  i have no idea , probably should ask the greeks . 
   what would be russia 's role in this new europe , could it regain some of the influence it lost after the cold war ? 
  not , not really . 
  unlike most people though i still see russia as one of the countries who ill eventually join the eu . 
  probably the last one to do so but still . 
  i do n't see russia as an enemy but rather as a resourceful friend . 
  i know they violate some rights but yeah . 
   will the identity/immigration/islam debate get uglier ? 
  yes . 
  and if immigration policies stay the same it 's no longer going to be a debate and it will be very ugly . 
  for a couple of years and we would have held it for much longer if it were n't for ww2 . 
  same except mine changed slowly over time . 
  at 13 people realized i was no longer blond . 
  the article is about europeans not italians . 
  italians are europeans . 
  plus we conquered some things . 
  damn we should have worked harder towards winning that war ... 
   america wants the eu to face up to its security responsibilities how about you let us handle that ? 
  we did n't conquer the world because we ran away from responsibility . 
  yup . 
  it is under-age prostitution , not pedophilia . 
  and i agree on the pervert politicians . 
  but we have a tradition in pervert politicians since the days of the ancient romans , to the middle age families , even mussolini . 
  so yeah , we rule in that . 
  but also we have the most uefa trophies . 
  interesting . 
  berlusconi may be many things but pedophile is not one of them . 
  having sex with a 17 year old girl is not pedophilia . 
  it is n't pedophilia in the uk either . 
  the age of consent in italy is 14 . 
  the age of consent in the uk is 16 . 
  in germany it 's also 14 . 
  he is not a pedophile in neither of those places . 
  the problem is n't that he slept with a 17 year old . 
  the problem is he paid her for it , thus making her a prostitute . 
  and paying for sex ( prostitution ) is illegal under the age of 18 . 
  so nice try at a funny joke but get your facts straight . 
  wow italy is actually leading in something positive unlike most countries . 
  nice . 
  pretty sure it 's called anthropology . 
  different ethnic groups carry different features . 
  i do n't see a point in denying that . 
  because they sell better when they grew up i would guess .
