  do you know what 's going on there ? 
  do you know why they are protesting ? 
  how can you support their view if you do n't even know them ? 
  just because they are protesting means they are right ? 
  think about what you said . 
  for the record . 
  i do not support either the protesters or the government . 
  i just ca n't believe people support the protesters so strongly without even knowing what 's going on there . 
  well yeah , kind of what i said . 
  challenge it , talk about it . 
  not just blindly try to `` do something '' about the sceptics . 
  because this thread sounded like pinning the `` bad guys '' not on the sceptics which i disagree with . 
  neither europhilia , nor scepticism are problems . 
  they are different opinions who do not harm anyone and should be discussed as equals . 
  nothing should be done . 
  as a pro-europe person i disagree with the sceptics , but i do not think anything should be done about them . 
  they have their opinion , they are free to have it and nobody should be brainwashed into being pro-european . 
  this video shows no police violence . 
  what the `` victims '' are doing is disobeying the cops and swearing against them all the time ( including in english . ), 
  all i saw the cops doing was pinning people to the ground . 
  no hitting , no kicking . 
  just disarming them and holding them down . 
  i do n't have a stance on the protests . 
  however none of this is real police violence . 
  i do n't know a lot about your train troubles . 
  anyway , nobody in their right mind would deny the qualities of german cars . 
  however , i do think japanese cars are vastly overrated . 
  and i also do think italian cars have great engeneering . 
  really ? 
  one shitty product made up your mind ? 
  what about cars ? 
  pretty decent engineering . 
  what does sweden engineer ? 
  honest question i have no idea . 
  you mean to tell me that i can get a beer instead of coke in a mcdonald 's ? 
  that 's not funny . 
  yes , thank you for letting me know . 
  really needed that piece of info . 
  it 's not like you 're an ass ** hole or anything . 
  computers are not a huge necessity . 
  and they are n't something that we ca n't make up for . 
  they are quite easy to make . 
  the only reason we do n't produce them is because it 's not worth it . 
  but if we had to , we could . 
  besides italians have always been good at technology ( not sure how some fyra trains started a stereotype ) . 
  but we can make it . 
  another thing we lack is energy because we closed off all the nuclear power plants ( imo a mistake ) . 
  but that can also be made up for . 
  little known fact . 
  the first commercial `` desktop computer '' was made by italians . 
  and obviously i have been wrong . 
  we do produce some computers , except we are n't as big as other markets . 
  except portugal ( and maybe some other smaller countries ) . 
  that would be because made in italy ( or anywhere in europe for that matter ) means quality . 
  i value quality above everything . 
  so why is italy in schengen ? 
  last time i checked most illegal non-eu immigrants come through italy . 
  the fact that that 's france 's excuse means nothing . 
  first of all this is true for all of europe . 
  second of all it 's nothing new in italy . 
  i do n't wan na sound like an asshole but it is in moment like these i 'm so glad that italy is almost self-sufficient . 
  we basically produce everything we need . 
  oh god ... 
  lol no . 
  bulgaria and romania are ready for schengen . 
  the west is just worried about the roma and the turks ( in the case of bulgaria ) that will flood the rest of schengen . 
  vucinic . 
  when he celebrates with no shorts . 
  mostly when he scores . 
  bene . 
  ask the italian government . 
  i do n't remember the exact number but 40-50 % of italian welfare ( pensions do n't really count here , since they are not really welfare-the people deserve them and have been paying taxes for them all their lives ) goes to the extracomunitari which is ridiculous since they make up for less than 10 % of the population . 
  i swear we 're not communist ( okay we kind of are ) . 
  but mussolini was from here . 
  he was n't a commie ... 
  yup trentino is probably one of the most homogeneous italian regions in the north ( seeing as the south has much less immigrants ) . 
  just the alto-adige ( bolzano/bozen ) part would want to be non-italian . 
  hey dude not cool . 
  til emilia-romagna ( where i 'm born ) has a separatist movement . 
  same goes for most of the separatist movements in italy . 
  ahhh , sicilians who do n't consider themselves italian . 
  those are probably my favorite people in the world . 
  would you ask him if he realizes that without the mainland sicily will turn into a 3rd world country ? 
  italians lived there . 
  just like sudtirol is austrian and is now in italy . 
  it 's nothing personal , just worth a mentioning . 
  i do n't think the difference between italians and french and italians and germans are big . 
  at all . 
  china was never ahead of europe . 
  china is not ahead of europe . 
  it was not luck . 
  i did n't say become racist . 
  i said preserve european culture . 
  yeah , i know it was more of a joke . 
  anyway i doubt we have lots , at least in countries like italy or germany . 
  the holocaust aside many jews went to israel so i do n't think they are even a significant minority . 
  i do n't even think i 've seen a jew ( except when i 'm on vacation on the sea and you see them but they are usually israel jews ) . 
  it was created by an italian . 
  big country . 
  big egos .
