  do you even math ? 
  how many % is the population of immigrants ? 
  9.2 % of the population of sweden is born outside of the eu . 
  that means that 9.2 % of the country 's population make up 25 % percent of the crime . 
  if you do the simple math it means they do about 3 times ( 2.71 times to be precise ) more crimes than the swedes . 
  of course the crimes of the natives may include tax fraud and that is n't violent crime . 
  the number of rapes , robberies , murders goes much higher for immigrants . 
  same math algorithm goes for london . 
  on average immigrants do much more crime . 
  [ see the how it is in european countries . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime ) [ here 's another ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/2683/20051214/ ) there are many more sources just do your research . 
  those are a good start . 
   yes , who are usually poor and uneducated . 
  of course . 
  now go tell that to the raped girl , i 'm sure she 'll feel much better about it . 
   they are swedes yeah , `` swedes '' . 
  i 'd rather look at them as a group . 
  you see i agree that there are nice , helpful immigrants . 
  we have to support the rest . 
  so imagine you 're buying a nice sack of suspicious light bulbs . 
  compare this to getting 1000 immigrants . 
  surely , out of the light bulbs you bough there will be about 50 , maybe 100 perfectly working light bulbs . 
  the rest wo n't work though . 
  you are paying for 1000 ( welfare , accommodations , integration etc. ), 
  and yet you get 100 working . 
  is it worth it to buy 1000 ? 
  i think not . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm comparing people to light bulbs but i think you get the idea . 
   individuals committing a crime . 
  how come these individuals are often immigrants ? 
  i know what agenda setting is . 
  so are you saying it is better not knowing the truth . 
  the facts are simple-the majority of crime is made by immigrants . 
  that is as important as it is . 
  if the media covered it up the issue would be just as big-the only difference is that people would n't know about it . 
  if there were no immigrants in sweden this girl ( and many others for that matter ) would n't have been raped . 
  simple as that . 
   agenda for submitting anti-immigrant is he posting false stories ? 
  he is letting us know what is happening . 
  nobody is forcing their view on you . 
  yet another european girl raped by non-european immigrants . 
  by the way i love how that article does n't tell us who they are or where they are from . 
  good thing for that redditor who told us . 
  you should n't have added the adolf hitler thing . 
  the hate is guaranteed . 
  but he is right you guys . 
  men are better at war than women . 
  and it 's not because of just the physical superiority . 
  throughout evolution , male brains have developed to know war . 
  just like women 's brains are developed to take better care of the kids . 
  no , i 'm making these species quite succesful . 
  i do know . 
  still like it . 
  my bad . 
  is n't macedonian super close to bulgarian ( almost the same since in the 1900 's ethnic macedonians used to describe themselves as bulgarians ) and close to serbian ? 
  i know right ? 
  first we throw away our white privilege and now this ... 
  i smell a moron vegetarian . 
  what a coincidence we do n't want you in the eu either . 
  really ? 
  for a park ? 
  i 'm starting to think conspiracy . 
  sometimes i feel like i my grandparents lived in another country . 
  i never heard such awful stories about fascism . 
   we as italians knew probably better than others what is the meaning of internationalism why so ? 
  i 'll tell you what 's going on . 
  this man is scared . 
  yes , he is afraid that if he speaks his true opinion his career will be over . 
  he is scared that he will be deemed racist . 
  there are a lot of people like this . 
  why are you on reddit instead of cleaning my toilet ? 
  anarchisto , you are lazy . 
   internationalism is a duty . 
  if we take that statement as true europe should starting taking out some pretty big guns . 
  what this is is kids beating up some man/woman . 
  by that same logic we should attack india because a couple of people raped someone ( much more often than in russia ) . 
  we should attack africa because of all the crimes . 
  south america . 
  most of asia . 
  i mean , hey , i too want back the good ol' times when europeans marched over anything and anyone whenever we desired to do so but things have changed . 
  even if it 's mutual i think you 're missing the point here : that we , as people , are being spied on and our rights are being brutally violated . 
  i do n't care if the us or the british or the italian government is spying on me . 
  all i care for is that someone intrudes my private space . 
  you want us to attack russia ? 
  do n't we all know how that turned out [ last time ] ( http://rt.com/files/politics/russia-georgia-monument-history/meliton-kantaria--a-red-army-soldier-and-an-ethnic-georgian--raising-a-soviet-flag-over-the-reichstag-in-berlin.-30.04-416.1945.si.jpg ) ? 
  nationality and ethnicity are amazing concepts . 
  if you have a nationality should n't you be part of the nation ? 
  and is n't a nation a big group of people who share language , culture , ** ethnicity ** ? 
  of course let 's not say words that start with `` naz '' . 
  we might get banned . 
   despite the years of trying to switch it to an italian majority due to resettlement of italian . 
  oh come on . 
  mussolini is the only one who did that for a while . 
  i wonder what hitler though about it though ... i 'll have you know that germans in that region have it pretty nice . 
  their id ' have germans as well as italian . 
  in the 1950 's italians were much more than now . 
  i did say slavic is the exception . 
  i think germans has some influence from latin too because did you know what italian and german are red the same way ? 
   agreed , it was just a joke from me after all and as far as i know the issue of reuniting tyrol is n't really pushed by any side , the south tyroleans just like to bring it up from time to time to get more autonomy . 
  absolutely i 'm not having this as a huge debate or something .
