  you do n't see that in italy . 
  i do not want immigrants here because this is my home . 
  i 'm doing well enough without them and they are a burden to society . 
  as for nationalism it 's beneficial . 
   before nationalism people were n't affected by the changes in authority how about assimilation of the nation ? 
  assimilation of the culture ? 
  utter destruction of what you are . 
  we are what we leave for the future . 
  if you just get assimilated because you do n't care about who rules you , you better kill yourself because it 's like you never existed . 
  assimilate the ones who are already here . 
  do n't let new ones in . 
  that 's not true . 
  everything is earned . 
  almost . 
   do you think the gap between eastern and western europe is because you guys have 2 dicks instead of one ? 
  yes . 
  it 's because people from western europe have 2 penises . 
  the difference between north and south of italy is not laziness . 
  it 's a deep historical difference that started before the roman empire 's existence . 
  you ca n't blame the economists . 
  it 's what the people earned . 
  before the unification of italy , the north was also more developed than the south . 
  the fact that nobody cares about you means nothing . 
  nobody cares about romania , but you still have human rights . 
  nobody cared about norway but now it 's probably one of the best countries to live in . 
  it 's the people who shape their lives . 
  outside influence exists , but you are giving it way too much importance . 
  so they have money . 
  poverty is obviously not an excuse for their horrible human rights issues . 
  so what is it ? 
  i 'm bound to say-religion . 
  saudi arabians are very rich by the way , and so in the uae . 
  much richer than most of eastern europe . 
  what you received at birth can be changed . 
  just like the french changed it with their revolution . 
  it 's the same . 
  to say bye , we say hi . 
  italy is an artificial country created by fear and invasion troops . 
  obviously some tensions will arise between two kind of completely different mentalities-the south and north of italy . 
  it is amazing though how immigrants have managed to make northern and southern italians stick together more-probably the only good thing that has come out of the immigrants . 
  what is it that makes you qualified to speak about northern and southern italy , a topic that you probably do not understand ? 
  money and economic prosperity do not hang on trees . 
  they are earned not received . 
  if the africans/muslims do n't have them it 's nobody 's fault but their own . 
  they did n't earn them . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i did n't agree to shit . 
  most italians are against immigration . 
  this is a tyranny of minorities . 
  we are better in every way obviously . 
  if we were n't they would n't be coming here , right ? 
  i do n't owe these people anything . 
  did you read this thread ? 
  di you read the article ? 
  these are not people who want freedom . 
  these are islamic fundamentalists . 
  and you know what ? 
  europe was also really shitty with human rights once . 
  you know what we did ? 
  we changed that . 
  maybe they should do it too . 
  i did n't go anywhere demanding they give me their knowledge . 
  if you are not smart enough to deal with a well you do n't need to be in my backyard . 
  yes , but why should we waste resources to try and educate them ? 
  and they refuse to integrate . 
  look at sweden . 
  education is free . 
  but they still refuse to send their kids to school . 
  what point ? 
  there is no such statistic for the eu so anything more would be just me and you having a different opinion and pulling shit out of our asses . 
  simple as that . 
  except i live here , so i probably have a better impression at what these people actually are . 
  took you longer than expected to pull the racist and xenophobe card . 
  because it 's obvious . 
  they just come here in search for a better life but all they do is make it worse for us . 
  and they admit they are n't persecuted . 
  they just think it 's okay to come to my home . 
  it 's not okay . 
  first of all they are a minority . 
  second of all there is no solution for the christians . 
  but there is for the muslims : close the gates . 
  do you realize that you 're arguing in order to argue , right ? 
  you know damn well the vast majority are n't persecuted . 
   they 're going to get their 72 virgins in paradise . 
  a shame many of them die virgins to get virgins . 
  unless of course they gang rape some swedish girl or something . 
  and asylum seeker has to be persecuted for something like political belief . 
  these people are n't . 
  and besides why would i willingly attach a more parasites to the sick body that is italy ? 
  okay . 
  obviously i was wrong . 
  you do have to save them * if * they are drowning . 
  however you * can * get sued for helping illegals get into the country . 
  the obvious solution would be getting them back to the nearest african shore . 
  it says that technically you can be sued by the state for helping illegal immigrants get in italy . 
  you ca n't force people to assist anyone . 
  you can let them do it , but not force them . 
  yes . 
  under the bossi-fini law of italy , saving them makes me a criminal . 
  i 'm not a criminal .
