  they have some of the most awesome traditional dances in the world that include sword fighting and ninja jumping . 
  they are famous for alcohol toasts . 
  while switzerland 's flag is a big plus , this one is 5 big pluses . 
  long live the glorious czech republic . 
  czech republic stronk !, 
  czech republic can into relevance . 
  czech beer and porn is best beer and porn . 
  all other beer and porn inferior . 
  and exactly which one of the pictures you posted contains blonde people ? 
   mr. buqueras and his cohorts blame generalissimo franco , who in a display of solidarity with adolf hitler turned spain 's clocks forward an hour during world war ii to be in sync with nazi germany . 
  god damn germans . 
  it 's ** their ** fault . 
  i guess you are right . 
  i 'm from north-east emilia . 
  that may be true but that does n't mean there are n't a lot of people on bikes . 
  maybe though it 's not as common in big cities . 
  maybe i see more because i 'm from a smaller place . 
  reddit is strange sometimes . 
  romans are well known for their horrible driving . 
  with all the bikes around i would have expected italy to be more bike-friendly . 
  when i was younger i would spend my entire days on a bike . 
   maidstone mob screamed ` you steal our jobs ' where is that article did you read this ? 
  they 're at it again . 
  i know . 
  i 'm not forcing you to do anything or believe anything . 
  i said you have the right to your opinion although it 's stupid . 
  also it seems to me that you do not make the difference between hating your government and hating your country . 
  i have hated italy government for years . 
  i still love the country . 
  it 's not about stockholm syndrome . 
  you do n't love whoever is torturing you ( the government ) but you ought to love your nation . 
  also i love it when people think fleeing is so nice . 
  because going to a new place is so great and as soon as you set foot there everything is great . 
  but it 's not . 
  apart that you will most probably be treated like a second class citizen ( which you are ) realization is just as hard . 
  besides who gave you the right to settle into other people 's home ? 
  as i said . 
  even if wars end we still need to be militarily prepared even for things such as extra-terrestrials . 
  if you do n't feel the cypriot army defends you change that . 
  stop being such a victim . 
  if your army does n't treat it 's soldiers like it should , change that . 
  i do n't see why the fact that the girl is blonde with blue eyes is so hardly repeated . 
  if it were a girl with black hair and brown eyes would it be less sad ? 
   oil-rich . 
  [ freedom time ] ( http://sweetlemonmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/sweetlemonmag-sayingsolongtoamericabaldeagle.jpg ), 
  in the name of the truth this girl seems green eyed . 
   so i have to be blindly supporting of the country i live in to be dignified ? 
  blindly ? 
  i see the problems with italy . 
  i know it 's corrupted . 
  i know many other problems . 
  but i would give my life for it and the people who live here . 
  i ould never call it stupid . 
  insulting your country , to me , is like spitting on the graves of your ancestors . 
   really ? 
  that 's where i crossed the line for you ? 
  yes . 
  you know from your comment what i and probably most other people understood is that you would demilitarize all of europe . 
  of course , you are entitled to your own opinion but that 's not making it any less stupid . 
  do you really want to see us defenseless . 
  conscription is not mandatory in italy since 2005 . 
  besides what i was strongly against was not that you said you wish conscription to go , but because you said demilitarization . 
  well i think that can never happen . 
  first of all a bunch of countries still live in the middle ages or before . 
  they need like a 1000 years to earn our trust and live in an army free world . 
  but even if that happens so what ? 
  do you honestly think we '' re the only ones in this universe ? 
  what if we have to fight some aliens or something . 
  there is always the possibility . 
  fact is we must be protected , or at least try to fight back . 
  would you rather not be protected at all ? 
  besides the world has yet to see an army that will conquer all western europe . 
  that 's a good barbarian . 
  good . 
  seriously though , i agree with you . 
   demilitarisation is even better of course . 
  really ? 
  i never had a high opinion of you because you 're from cyprus and you wrote `` stuck is stupid cyprus '' which absolutely stupid and shows absolutely no dignity . 
  but this is just too much . 
  we should n't have a military ? 
  like really ? 
  sure some people may die during training but so what ? 
  what if someone decides to attack us ? 
  you say our armies have n't stopped anyone . 
  maybe because they did n't have to ? 
  when has anyone attacked us ? 
  how can you judge the army 's efficiency if it was never tested ? 
  m5s ? 
  portugal 2 . 
  france 3 . 
  but probably greece 4 . 
  i do n't think it 's scary . 
  i think it 's different opinions . 
  as ancient greeks have established , truth is born in debate . 
  by silencing the other side , saying they are scary and all that shit you do n't accomplish anything besides rising the tension . 
  those are things we need to talk about if we want to resolve them . 
  sadly mods do n't seem to agree . 
  and yeah the comment was deleted . 
  well it did n't sound like sarcasm at all . 
  obviously the mods did n't see it as sarcasm either .
