  or airplanes . 
  on the first point i have nothing to say . 
  we 're not the uk . 
  here crimes are comited by armed people . 
  obviously they are our protection . 
  that is why they carry guns . 
  because that 's what they do . 
  they protect us with these guns . 
  so we do n't have to bother . 
  exactly-we have different histories and our nations have developed in different ways . 
  it ca n't be all the same . 
  no it does n't . 
  statistically speaking the number of people killed is second to none compared to all the people in the country . 
  as far as you 're concerned the chance to get hit by a car is bigger than being randomly shot . 
  by that same logic we should stop selling knifes because someone might freak out and stab some people . 
  and we should n't have cars-so you know how many people are killed by cars ? 
  that 's right-much more than those killed by guns . 
  why ? 
  i for once like guns . 
  i always have . 
  why ca n't i have one considering i prove i 'm mentally stable ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the police has guns here . 
  sometimes it 's even weird when they go around with machine guns on a regular day ( yes it 's common ) . 
  considering that in italy gun control is pretty strict . 
  it 's not usual to have guns , although my father had many hunting guns . 
  i am used to guns so it does n't bother me . 
  i think the police should have guns . 
  we give them the authority to protect us . 
  as a society we trust them with that . 
  people wrote that in the uk they call armed back up when they have to . 
  why ? 
  what is the point in that ? 
  would n't it be more effective if they could deal with it right ahead . 
  also a police man with a gun has more authority . 
  which is good so that no people pull off some stupid shit . 
  so yeah i think it 's ok and i even dare say i feel more more secure like that . 
  a country composed of people who did n't manage to keep their faith during the ottoman slavery and took islam ( by force obviously ) . 
  in time they grew to think of themselves as a nation much like kosovo . 
  same as kosovo really . 
  keeping a lot of serbs away from their true homeland . 
  damn straight it 's not the same . 
  as a person who has n't lived in either i 'd say germany . 
  better economy ( do n't bitch brits you know it 's true ) . 
  more cultural heritage ( in my opinion ) . 
  and last but not least - the beer :d, 
  if it were up to me europe would have a coat of arms which includes the [ lady justice ] ( http://trybean.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/lady-justice.gif ) surrounded by the stars . 
  that 's enough . 
  if i had to puck an animal i 'd have to say the [ eagle ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-6ytiay5_0xu/th-tc8vxxyi/aaaaaaaaae0/iqivssx9mn4/s1600/0085-roman-eagle-q85-1280x780.jpg ) or the [ wolf ] ( http://www.artchive.com/artchive/r/roman/roman_wolf.jpg ) as those are the only symbols under which most of us were united when the roman empire ruled . 
  sadly the eagle has been bastardized by nazi germany but that 's not a problem . 
  i think that would be fair . 
  rome is the basic source ( together with greece but rome spread it across ) of european civilization , the greatest one to even inhabit this planet . 
  it 's fair that the motto as well as the anthem are in latin-it 's a neutral language of the greatest empire that got us together first . 
  nobody uses it so no one will complain plus ( my personal opinion ) it sounds awesome as hell . 
  basically every strong european empire somehow tried to mimic ancient rome . 
  we can also do it , but add being good and humane to it . 
  ancient rome is a role model and i ca n't think of a better one . 
  it would be stupid to pull some coat of arms out of our asses without it representing anything just for the sake of having it , no ? 
  not i did not say anything racist . 
  plus people from kosovo are the same race as me so i ca n't be racist towards them . 
  the country as a whole , and i mean the land , was developed by serbia . 
  like kosovo is stealing serbian land and being a dick to serbia with no reason ? 
  it 's simple . 
  sadly italian politics is filled with liars and ... imbroglioni ( do n't know it in english ) . 
  if someone decent takes power italy might as well be the same level as germany . 
  italy is huge producer of technology-cars , ships and weapons . 
  yes we make weapons . 
  also italy is mostly self-sufficient . 
  it produces enough food and electricity ( but the buy from france to make some lying schemes and steal our money ) . 
  also italy gets a lot of money out of tourism . 
  mussolini had a policy of autarky which can be used today easily . 
  the only thing we lack is natural fuels but they can be acquired . 
  the other problem we have is the difference between the north and the south . 
  the regional structures are n't equally developed ( as the north has much more economy ) . 
  this is our only big problem-but it 's not impossible to fix . 
  we just invest in companies that develop the south and people there get more jobs . 
  it 's called protectionism . 
  we should do it ( example : if you buy an italian car you pay 5 % less taxes for the car or something ) . 
  the other thing is-we should stop our outrageous welfare system and stop giving out money to immigrants who just moved to leach off of this nation . 
  that way we can increase the salaries and pensions ( which in the north are already equal to german ones ) last but not least-we need to kill the corruption . 
  that is n't too hard . 
  i just need 10 able and honest prosecutors with some honest judges and the head of the corruption snake will be cut off . 
  remember that this is possible . 
  italy was the fastest developing european country not so long ago . 
  there are also other minor changes that we need to do and i can suggest them if you want but these are the main things . 
  ok i 'm a dick . 
  i also acknowledge that . 
  it 's not benefit . 
  i 'm just bored so i thought i 'd tell this guy the truth . 
  i have arguments about kosovo not being a real country . 
  first of all-they have leached off serbia for a long time and all of a sudden the want to separate . 
  they are serbs-except in religion . 
  which means they are intolerant towards christians and want to be another country just because of that . 
  another thing-kosovo has never existed . 
  ever in history . 
  no one even mentions about them . 
  why are they a nation now ? 
  and really important-there are serbs in kosovo . 
  they are just taking these people away from their homeland . 
  does n't sound fair . 
  i believe in the power of our nation , mcgianni .
