  no need to deny . 
  germanic blood is spread in northern italy . 
  it 's true . 
  but we still are romans . 
  we have roman blood as much as visigoth blood . 
  do you think all the romans were wipedout or something ? 
  yeah , right . 
  italians are the descendants of romans and it 's stupid to deny it . 
  it 's true that rome 's greatness fell but romans stayed where they lived with their families . 
  welp i was wrong then . 
  wrong conclusion . 
  well actually so i have read in wikipedia . 
  migh as well be wrong . 
   gagauz has two dialects : bulgar gagauzi and maritime gagauzi . 
  gagauz is classified as a distinct language from balkan gagauz turkish . 
  i though the bulgar gagauzi would be used by bulgars . 
   i would blow up rome before they spread culture to the rest of the barbarians . 
  ftfy, 
  i have noted an attitude of most balkan people ( men though quite rarely women ) who really really hate italy . 
  at some point i have met serbs who would accuse everyone wearing a pink/violet shirt of being gay . 
  but anyway . 
  also : i was interested in you question because i do n't like many countries around the world ( although despise is a strong word ) . 
  but when it comes to europe i usually either like a country or i do n't care . 
  usually it 's the former . 
  i 'm a big fan of any european culture . 
  i mean sure i make french jokes , but i like france in general . 
  if there is to be an european country i do n't like that would be albania , because of all the impressions albanians have given me . 
  they start some gang crimes , do n't respect other countries . 
  at least italy , that is . 
  capital is chi\u0219in\u0103u . 
  they have a bulgarian minority that actually struggled for autonomy there recently . 
  they speak a gagauz language and they have bulgarian schools there . 
  other than the 150 000 bullgarians ( maybe less it may be a mistake ) i see moldova as this land between ucraine and romania . 
  they have the same flag as romania and i do n't see why they do n't just unite . 
  but that 's just my foreigner prespective . 
  right , as i said some freedoms missing . 
  i have not lived in communist bulgaria . 
  some people have told me stories of the empty stores like you . 
  others said they were never hungry , they always had natural products to eat , life was healthy . 
  but this is far off the point . 
  the point is the vandalizing of a monument dedicated to people who lost their lives in a huge war . 
  as i said-this monument is not about the regimes after the war . 
  it 's about the dead soldiers who deserve respect , and all they get is a bunch of morons drawing on them . 
  well i 'm saying this in the nicest way i can . 
  what you said is fucking stupid . 
  do some research-see the gdp and debt of bulgaria before 1989 and after . 
  see all the factories that were destroyed after the fall of the bcp . 
  all of that collapsed because of stupid leaders , thieves and morons who took the power after 1989 . 
  how is the economy measured ? 
  by the size of the gdp and hdi . 
  the gdp was much higher . 
  bulgaria even exported grain and all kinds of food and even machines . 
  now it produces nothing . 
  no , you are . 
  i never said russians or the red army were angels . 
  yeah , the did bad thing . 
  but monuments like this are there so good things can be remembered . 
  what makes the american army different from the red army ? 
  considering that i am right now spending my summer on the bulgarian black sea i feel like the anniversary is pretty ignored . 
  so i see the american army as agressors in italy . 
  should i not respect the american soldiers who lost their lives to fight fascism ? 
  were vastly negative ? 
  since 1989 bulgaria has been becoming woorse and worse . 
  in 1985 bulgaria had no external debt and more tanks and better military than the uk . 
  before 1989 bulgaria was a strong economy . 
  before 1989 , apart from some freedoms missing , the country was doing better and the people were living better . 
  this is not a monument of the regime , it 's a monument of the soldiers who lost their lives . 
  same way i think of most countries outside of europe : i do n't care . 
  but it would be lying not to admit i really hope egypt ( and the rest of the arab countris ) separates religion from politics and becomes more european-like . 
  that is vandalism . 
  and it 's also ugly . 
  it takes no talent , this is not art , it 's disrespectful vandalism of some stupid kid who thinks he 's so cool . 
  i 'm sorry about what happened in czechoslovakia but this monument is built for the red army that liberated the country from fascism , and the same russian army that liberated bulgaria from ottoman slavery . 
  i hope the person who painted it dies in a similar way to the soldiers who died fighting nazism . 
  and i want him to realize he 's a prick . 
  what a waste of space , that moron is . 
  edit : everyone is forgetting : *** this is not a monument of the communist regime that came after ww2 . 
  this is a monument of all the young soldiers who gave their lives to defeat fascism . 
  it 's in their memory . 
  they should be respected . 
  do you have any idea how offensive that is towards the soldiers of the red army who died during ww2 to save the world from nazism ? 
  i hate the fact that the eu is starting to act like th usa and getting into other countries ' business . 
  i do n't know about any absurd requasts but this story deefinately stands out . 
  i rarely see really drunk italians in italy but when they go abroad ... and they try to pick up girls like complete morons abroad , acting like masters of the world . 
  anyway i think most young tourists are like that . 
  tell me about it . 
  i was in a bus in bulgaria travelling from sofia to the sea . 
  they obviously did n't know i ( and my mom ) speak italian and understand all the stupid shit they said . 
  type i can buy this whole country . 
  all the women here are fucking whores . 
  yelling at everyone about everything and eating on the bus . 
  the top was when they bought alcohol at a stop and got drunk which followed by one of the girls pissing herself on the bus . 
  [ the only confirmed thing i see ] ( http://satwcomic.com/mixed-feelings ), 
  bosnia, 
  it 's funny you claim the atomic bomb and mention enrico fermi right below that . 
  it would be really hard for me to immigrate mostly because of moral reasons but if i had to i 'd probably go to germany . 
  i find the culture similar , the everyday life similar , the people similar . 
  as close as it can get . 
  add to all that an economy that is currently doing very well . 
  either that or some nordic because of all the blond women .
