  what ? 
  absolutely irrelevant to what i said . 
  who 's talking about guns in the first place ? 
  we can have a discussion on this since i disagree with you but this is not the right thread and your comment is 100 % irrelevant . 
  italy , spain and germany seem to suck it the hardest , huh ? 
  who the hell is even talking about the metric ? 
  also , i am well aware he is talking about how hot it is in america unlike most of europe . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm actually saying this but i agree with the russians . 
   being from south carolina , hearing europeans talk about temperature is so cute yeah we use a vastly more efficient system that even americans scientists have agreed is better . 
  fuck us right ? 
  sempre `` you '' . 
  i am very much for the eu but i am against federalism . 
  i dream of a europe where we do n't have borders and we can travel and trade as if it 's one country . 
  i dream of a place where we have discovered the best laws and share them . 
  where we have the same court so unbiased judges can look on cases . 
  i dream of a common infrastructure that will be highly efficient . 
  common money ( euros ) to help trade and make it east for us travelers . 
  but that 's all . 
  economies , education-these things should be separate as they are now . 
  i do n't believe in the whole eu helping countries in trouble thing . 
  i think that 's all good . 
   we live in a country that does n't know how to be just . 
  first of all maybe you should have changed that when you were ruling the country you pathetic midget . 
  second of all this is one of the justest things that 's done in a long time . 
  well jingoism would be a bit ... strong . 
  invading countries and setting some temple on fire does n't mean you 're an ass . 
  everyone did that at some point . 
  what ? 
  i 'm sorry your sentence lacks any sense . 
  you have failed to express a coherent thought . 
  what do you think bulgaria is named after ? 
  why have you assumed i 'm bulgarian ? 
   effect on vulnerable young people these young people need to grow some balls . 
  the world is not fair and they better get used to it . 
   why do you want so much to use a homophobic adjective i do n't want to . 
  it just so happened . 
  i 'm just defending my right to say it whenever i feel like it , without someone thinking i have some sort of hatred . 
  i do n't . 
  i respect gay rights and all i just do n't think people should be overly sensitive about these things and let me say something without being butt hurt . 
  at sago brisa cut va piase intl gles . 
   clever people do n't want kids wrong . 
  to have kids you 're either really stupid or really smart . 
  i fully agree he 's not related to you . 
  probably more related to chinese or mongolians . 
  still if what / u/goerz said is true i think you should protest against having that filthy barbarian as a national hero . 
  i do believe so . 
  attila was indeed a bad man , a filthy barbarian at least . 
  he was shown to his place in the battle of the catalaunian plains . 
  by lot of people in and outside of italy . 
  also , i do n't do that because others do it . 
  i do it because i feel like it . 
  and i 'm just saying it 's common so people should n't be shocked when gay is used as a pejorative . 
  i personally have nothing against monarchies . 
  if the brits , or whoever , feel they prefer a monarch instead of someone they actually chose that 's absolutely fine with me . 
  european monarchs have little to none power anyways so all of your `` imperialism , war , greed and death '' is uninformed the least . 
  also i do n't feel anything about italy 's past monarchy . 
  we chose we did n't want it and i think we were right . 
  i find it stupid that any country should pay for a whole family 's life , instead of one person . 
  but whatever , everyone can decide . 
  maybe but i see this as an enormous victory for italy and the italian law system . 
  age of consent is 14 anyway . 
  good thing he wo n't be into politics . 
  technically you * did * have more technology and soldiers . 
  according to wikipedia that is . 
  i 'm not abusing you . 
  whatever i 'm sorry if you 're gon na act so butthurt . 
  lalalalalalalalalalalala i ca n't hear you lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala . 
  on serious note . 
  how the hell did you manage to beat us in the second one . 
  casualties of italy :3 people . 
  casualties of france :4 people wounded of italy : 4 people wounded of france :21 people . 
  i 'm telling you italians are probably the only people capable of losing a battle like that . 
  i do n't mean to offend gay people . 
  grow a thicker skin . 
  it 's just commonly used . 
  yeah , that one is true . 
  which is one of the stereotypes that is completely false . 
  as a matter of fact i myself love arguing over all kinds of stuff . 
  and i argue a lot on the internet , because it 's not considered very civilized to argue so much with people in real life . 
  on a serious note though , our military sucks . 
  probably everyone could beat us . 
  except the french , that is . 
  well we do n't really talk with our hands . 
  that is the only sign that is commonly used and it means `` ma che cazzo ? '', 
  and is basically used when you 're not okay with something . 
  it happens to happen often in football matches because you disagree with the referee . 
  it 's only used when you argue with somebody . 
  i agree that in rome it is bad . 
  however no matter how much i have traveled i have never seen drivers that are as good as the italians in terms of control over the vehicle . 
  in the south they have driving habits that i do n't like . 
  however where i live people obey every single rule of the street . 
  except for speed rules . 
  but speed rules are gay anyway . 
  well the taliban were just scared , that 's all . 
  basically all of them . 
  oh , really ? 
  wrong . 
  it was n't a country . 
  it was a nation as much as it is now . 
  credit is for italy .
