  plus we can fight back you know . 
  why do you have the fucking mentality that you are our protectors . 
  you 're not . 
  we 're okay on our own . 
   north korea has a bigger military than the us by your measure too . 
  no it does n't . 
  besides what is `` my measure '' . 
  i think the measure of wikipedia is pretty universal-the people of the army . 
   russia is not a military ally of europe . 
  first of all i 'm sick and tired of americans talking of europe as if it 's one country . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are european countries who are allied with russia . 
  no wonder the world hates you ignorant asses . 
  plus you began my `` laughable analysis '' by stating :  mind sending all your weapons and armament to fight a military larger than yours and ours combined which i on my hand proved is not true . 
  freakin ' ex-criminals and low lives man . 
  wow what a surprise-an arrogant american . 
  sometimes i think khrushchev did a mistake . 
  by the way according to wikipedia you do n't have a bigger military than ours and russia 's combined . 
  russia + france + germany + italy + the uk has a much [ bigger military ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_number_of_military_and_paramilitary_personnel ) and there are more eu countries . 
  plus everyone hates america-you think in such a case all of those arabian countries wo n't follow together with possibly china . 
   suspending some negotiations would be just as bad for us as it would be for them  sending diplomats home so what ? 
   ending some co-op venture again , as bad for us as for them  closing army bases , denying airforce1 entry into eu airspace now that is something . 
  i 'm 100 % for that . 
  i would even close the bases if the scandal did n't happen . 
  i support this idea . 
  but yeah that guy should learn where his place is . 
  him and his whole country as the rest of the world . 
  nobody should think they can fuck with europe without some consequences . 
  i honestly do n't see how you can threaten him . 
  the only threat would be war ( which we would win because russia will be with us and because we can beat them ) . 
  such a move would be stupid though-so many wasted lives plus all the economic shit . 
  even if you do find similar forums it can never be as good . 
  hand down to the americans reddit is great . 
  subreddits for everyone 's interests . 
  plus imagine / r/europe . 
  it ca n't be done in a local forum . 
  i honestly would but most good websites are american including the most visited by me personally-youtube , google and reddit plus some that i use but not as much ( facebook ) . 
  i mean i have a replacement for youtube but what about the rest ? 
  what-a ? 
  this-a no of trueings . 
  yeah but that does n't make me racist . 
  like european countries do n't belong in the arab league . 
  do you know why ? 
  because we 're not arabs . 
  if we made a mediterranean union sweden would n't belong in it and turkey would . 
  how can you not understand this simple concept ? 
   racists never change their mind , i should have known that . 
  of course . 
  every time you 're not right it 's like `` racist '' and somehow you won the argument . 
  istanbul 's population is 13.9 million people . 
  turkey 's is 75 million . 
  that is not a quarter . 
  germans moved to germany as people moved to europe such a long time ago that evolution happened ( developing white skin etc. ) . 
  if such a period is enough or evolution to happen than i think it 's damn long enough to call the population indigenous . 
   neither are european mosques or chinese food served in europe exact copies of arabic mosques or chinese food eaten in china . 
  therefore , they are european culture . 
  yes they are though . 
  chinese we eat in europe is a copy of chinese food and so are mosques . 
  they are n't pat of our culture . 
  agriculture again-it happened so long ago you do n't know whose it is . 
  i mean western civilization does n't only mean europe . 
  it means the things made by europeans . 
  people of the middle east back than were a genetic group that does n't exist now . 
  they were n't arabs . 
  so we can all take credit for their inventions since they do n't exist anymore . 
  well by that logic arabs should n't use our inventions . 
  which is basically everything . 
  plus they should n't use the number zero . 
  we 'll go to roman numbers who , if we add our 0 , will be more effective than the arab numbers . 
  no , i 'm not dropping the race argument , i 'm just saying it 's not the major one . 
  i do not know why you 're saying the most densely populated-i mean it was only istanbul and the west coast which are former greek lands . 
   there are millions of turks in germany alone , for example . 
  since they are n't european , what are you going to do about it ? 
  if you noted i said indigenous caucasian . 
  now i 'm guessing you 're not from an english speaking country ( neither am i though ) so it 's okay but turks are n't the indigenous population of germany . 
  germans are . 
  that 's not the case in turkey . 
   there was no pasta in italy before they heard of it through trade routes . 
  it 's just a copy of chinese culture . 
  yeah but it 's not exactly a copy . 
  a copy would be if italians had started making pasta out of rice which we did n't . 
  w e created a whole new technology with wheat . 
  plus the way of making and all the sauces are italian . 
  if you want you can find that wheat pasta and rice pasta are made in a completely different way . 
   or for example agriculture is a practice that originates outside europe . 
  back to hunting and gathering ? 
  oh really ? 
  agriculture originated so long ago that we have absolutely no idea exactly where it started-might as well have been europe . 
  there is a general understanding that it was outside of europe but no solid proof . 
   or algebra and arabic numerals . 
  mathematics is un-european !, 
  this is by far the biggest misconceptions of all . 
  algebra existed a long time before arabs . 
  i 'd say it started when mankind started . 
  you know what algebra is ? 
  counting , essentially . 
  you count your sheep , you count your soldiers - that is algebra . 
  greeks did it , romans did and people did it before them . 
  also the greeks had the best mathematics ( so did the romans ) . 
  have you heard of the pythagorean theorem ? 
  much before the arabs even existed .
