  we kind of invented fascism but germans got all the shit for it . 
  just for the record in / r/europe we try to speak in english , so everyone can understand . 
  because they are ... ? 
  right because mozzarella is the only thing invented in italy . 
  also mozzarella is more useful than the things you presented . 
  so basically nothing . 
   one of the few things wut ? 
  you guys are so cute . 
  turns out i find danish humor pretty damn funny . 
  russia actually has some land in scandinavia right east from finland . 
  the place where the russians and the germans fight each other . 
  this whole government was n't elected by the people . 
  most people stick to cash . 
  i find it more convenient as well . 
  alright , now the mafia 's gon na blow some highways and kill some prosecutors . 
  but yay !, 
  fuck the mafia . 
  you see where it says 33,116 europhiles ? 
  right under the subscribe/unsubscribe button ? 
  under that is says :  show my flair on this subreddit . 
  it looks like : [ oneoftoomany ] ( edit ) . 
  you click the edit button and you can chose a flag . 
  they are a very tiny country in the south of france , on the mediterranean coast . 
  not so far away from italy . 
  i hear it 's beautiful and that people are pretty rich there . 
  it 's a monarchy right ? 
  f1 , nice track . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's not surprising . 
  i can assure you that italy is a hell whole . 
  you ca n't get a job , if you do you will get a very tiny amount of money which will barely help you survive . 
  apartments and houses cost a lot of money . 
  a lot . 
  college is hell on earth , they do n't teach you anything ever and treat you like shit . 
  italians are racist , they * will * treat you badly , hardly as a human being . 
  moving to italy would be awful . 
  i suggest that the people you 're doing the survey for do n't come here . 
  hell on earth . 
  it 's a very , very bad idea to go to italy , i 'm telling you . 
  meh , these results are expected . 
  internet and tv . 
  school did n't help me at all . 
  why so defensive ? 
  but i do agree that american is better than chinese or indian . 
  it 's not an excuse . 
  we 're in crisis . 
  we do n't have money to give away right now even if we did 10 years ago . 
  we have to help greece , spain , ireland . 
   we should be helping those who are much more downtrodden than us . 
  we * should * ? 
  why ? 
  why should i feel responsible to help them ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  i know people , good people who give it all for their families and do n't have a job because of the crisis . 
  why am i do give money to africa when people who like 200 km away from me do n't have a job . 
  and even if they did have a job ... why should we help them ? 
  have n't we helped them so enough ? 
  i did n't really mean india . 
  i was mainly referring to africa . 
  when the europeans arrived to africa they saw numerous tribe that had n't invented the wheel yet . 
  they did n't even understand the concept of country yet . 
  they made a huge jump thanks to europeans . 
  european countries and culture went to huge processes of development over thousands of years . 
  greeks , romans , the renaissance , the revolutions . 
  and we just took all of that knowledge and gave it to them . 
  what more could anyone want ? 
   from colonies to the home country , in a way that had n't really happened on such a scale before . 
  well that is the point is n't it ? 
  as a matter of fact i think we 'd do it today . 
  imagine we reach a planet and we find that the dominant species ' technology is pretty backwards from ourselves . 
  so what will we do ? 
  i 'm sure we 're gon na start bringing gas , wood , petrol or whatever that country has . 
  it 's the same situation on 100 % you have to admit it . 
  it 's the logical outcome of such a situation . 
  and ruling a country is business . 
  let 's speak the truth . 
  all leaders do business . 
  some are better than others . 
  in business you try to screw over you contestants and other businesses . 
  the fact so happens that the poorer countries are ruled by bad businessmen . 
  as i said in my main comment i have nothing against sending aid but i 'd like to make sure everyone here ( in europe ) is already doing well . 
  when every european country has dealt with it 's problems , then we send aid . 
  imagine a europe-no crime , everyone is living the life they want . 
  nobody is hungry and homeless , everyone can go on vacations . 
  then we can send all the aid we can , to share our prosperity with the world . 
  but that is not the case yet . 
  we have problems and i say , until we deal with our problems we should n't deal with anyone 's problems . 
  besides let 's look at the good parts of colonialism , would we ? 
  america , africa , australia and parts of asia would still be stuck thousands of years back . 
  colonialism gave the push to many countries to enter the new era of prosperity . 
  it has it up sides although the bad sides are significant and ca n't be ignored . 
  well i do n't know about yourself but i was n't born in the 1950 's . 
  i have n't done anything wrong to kenya or any kenyan ever in my life . 
  i do n't feel like i should pay for the mistakes of people that lived long ( well not so long but you get it ) before me . 
  i do n't feel responsible for the fact that some italian guy ordered the massacre of 30 000 ethiopians . 
  i feel saddened it happened , but i 'm not responsible in any way . 
  looks like you guys say we 're all individuals only when it suits you right . 
  i 'm an individual , i did n't do shit to kenya , i do n't owe kenya anything . 
  first of all , italy is in crisis . 
  we 're trying to get the business back running . 
  unemployment , especially in the south , is tremendous in some areas reaching the 50 % .
