  besides it 's not just us . 
  if we are gone everyone else will suck it too . 
  as history has shown western civilization is the engine of humanity . 
  we already know that sooner or later earth will be destroyed . 
  we are the only hope for our entire species and all the species on earth . 
  we are the only ones who can save the planet , or find humanity a new place to continue . 
  look at what 's happening in africa , the middle east . 
  they are still incapable of doing what we did thousands of years ago . 
  we 're their only hope . 
  we deserve to live and we are needed by everyone even if they ca n't realize it yet . 
  that 's almost every european country 's problem . 
  check this [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzbnarypmmk ) . 
  almost every european country ( except obviously france ) has this problem . 
  everyone has less than two children a family . 
  meanwhile all the other `` cultures '' are breeding like mad , everywhere . 
  except japan and china ( due to recent laws ) . 
  this is not our situation . 
  while every other kind of population is on the rise , european population is becoming less and less . 
  if we continue like this we * will * be extinct . 
  we have the right to exist . 
  whatever the french are doing seems to be working . 
  we should try it . 
  well you ca n't be almost an italian citizen . 
  either you have the passport or you do n't . 
  do you ? 
  now if you do n't do your parents ? 
  by the laws of italy if at least one of your parents has italian citizenship , so do you . 
  if they have citizenship i 'd suggest you go to the italian embassy and i think they will have no problem making a passport for you . 
  then you have equal rights as any italian and may feel free to come in italy or any eu country . 
  do you know the language ? 
  technically you can immigrate to any country legally . 
  if you have citizenship of a eu country you are free to go to any eu country . 
  if not you can just go to whatever country you 're from . 
  anyway have you considered this ? 
  where do you currently live ? 
  such is life , in latvia . 
  bulgaria is pretty cheap . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure most of the former warsaw pact countries are pretty cheap . 
   i am not my government . 
  i 'm against data retention . 
  i do n't want to get spied on . 
  i do n't give a fuck who does it , as long as i 'm getting spied on i will be angry my point exactly . 
  / u/cfern 's comment makes it seem as if we ( europeans ) are blaming americans in general which could n't be further from the truth . 
  we are mad at their government as we are mad at our governments . 
  well it 's not like the people of germany are n't even more butthurt now . 
  and they are right to be . 
  i am . 
  the fact that their government spies on them besides the us one is making it even worse . 
  of course but i thought we 'd keep them in . 
  i mean what 's the point of going through that process all over again ? 
  of course . 
  go scotland . 
  if these people want a country then by all means so be it . 
  as for the eu : til scotland wo n't be in the eu right away when they leave . 
  should n't england be out of the eu by the sane standard ? 
  either way welcome scotland ( we do n't want that oil up there at high price , now do we ? ), 
  i really disagree . 
  i can find you a couple at least a couple of such words that are n't in serbian . 
  example-in bulgaria it 's highly understandable to say picka , putka ( slang for vagina ) while in serbian it 's just picka . 
  i think most words are actually the same . 
  bulgarian has pretty nice obscenities, 
   their language is probably the richest in the world as far as obscenities go . 
  have you heard bulgarian ? 
  especially in the west ? 
  well where i come from we consider yugoslavia serbia just the was we consider the ussr russia . 
  sorry if i offended you . 
  but yugoslavia is famous with tito and yugoslavia is like . . serbia . 
  but you 're absolutely right . 
  on the cover i just have unione europea repubblica italiana and then passaporto just in italian . 
  then when you open it the first page it has unione europea and repubblica italiana in every eu language . 
  then , on the picture page i have things like name/sex/date of issue/date of birth in italian , english , french . 
  i see it is the same with your passport . 
  native language , english and french . 
  it 's because french is the second official language of the eu . 
  a balkan country with the capital belgrade . 
  the population is about 7 million , they are mostly christian orthodox ( which got them in a lot of trouble ) old country , interesting history . 
  they speak a southern slavic language that is really close to bulgarian and i think is almost the same as croatian . 
  also they are the only country in europe ( i think ) that utilizes both the latin and the cirillic alphabet officially . 
  i really like how they make barbecue plus they ( together with bulgarians and probably some others ) make a great drink-rakiya . 
  if you 're going to any of these countries you should try it ( that is if you can handle alcohol ) . 
  the yugoslav wars were pretty interesting . 
  add all the genocide and stuff . 
  they are responsible for the creation of the macedonian nation and the macedonia self-conscience . 
  tito . 
  as most slavic countries their women are pretty hot . 
  how do you know how much i know about war ? 
  another arrogant american . 
  agreed . 
   such a move would be stupid though-so many wasted lives plus all the economic shit . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  i know what happened in vietnam and in every country they attacked for that matter . 
  they may spend but the american soldier is the weakest soldier earth has seen . 
  yes worse than the french . 
  why why do you think russians would invade us ? 
  in fact if i were an alien this would be my observations : you attacked korea , vietnam , iraq , iran , afghanistan plus you dropped a needless atomic bomb ( the second on japan in ww2 ) . 
  on the other hand we have russia : stopped napoleon 's invasion , helped a lot with ww1 , basically defeated the germans alone in ww2 plus the spared your sorry asses in 1962 . 
  freed a bunch of balkan countries from ottoman slavery . 
  who is the bad guy ? 
  i know i 'd rather have russians at my doorstep than americans . 
  why would they invade us ?
