  many eastern europeans ( russians , ukrainians ) are even paler then swedes or norwegians . 
  in other words , your assumptions as to what different europeans look like are completely wrong . 
  greeks and turks look differently . 
  western and eastern europeans do n't have significant physical differences . 
  one more thing-go tell a greek he looks turkish and see what happens . 
  that is not to say there are n't light turks-they are-and they are mostly descended from slaves the ottomans brought to turkey , especially from the lighter slavic people on the balkans - serbs , bulgarians etc. 
  but the vast majority look much more middle eatsern than europeans . 
   arbitrary distinction between greeks and turks umm it 's not arbitrary . 
  they have different facial features . 
   y' all look pretty `` brown '' compared to me . 
  you sure about that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm not brown . 
  at all . 
  nor do i know anyone italian who is actually brown . 
  like really . 
  i do n't know how pale you are ( maybe you 're irish or something ) but i 'm pretty sure that if i were in america you 'd only recognize me because of my accent . 
  and the distinction between northern and southern italians is very real . 
  of course there are many exceptions but still . 
  to answer this question you posed :  i do n't know which americans you 've been talking to americans like you , obviously . 
  well not anyone with pale-ish skin is exactly white . 
  turks , arabs and berbers and whoever else you mentioned is part of the caucasian race but i would not exactly classify them as white . 
  they are the brown part of white people meaning they are n't actually white . 
  besides if we have to be honest being `` white '' or whatever race is much about culture so you can definitely see that indian culture is very much different than european cultures . 
  i did mention that sicily was under arab control in a former comment of mine :  we ( except sicily ) are probably one of the most ethnically however you are right . 
  when i said not attacked i guess what i mean was more like `` never conquered '' . 
  that 's awesome . 
  anyway i was surprised at how similar the charts are for italy , germany , the uk ( to a lesser extent ) and france ( to an ever lesser extent ) . 
  never liked the guy . 
  it is . 
  god i forgot what subreddit i 'm on . 
  because you see americans use `` latins '' to describe mexicans and such . 
  as in they give latin a racial rather than a linguistic meaning . 
  yeah , did n't catch that . 
  well much of eastern europe was invaded by the mongols . 
  even before that asian tribes attacked europe as far as germany . 
  but never have they ever attacked or even come close to italy . 
  why would n't i consider finland and the baltics as european ? 
  they 're pretty european . 
  while your observation on immigration from italy to america is completely true you people must understand something . 
  not all europeans are blonde and blue eyed , okay ? 
  the fact that the spanish or the greeks or the southern italians might be darker than the brits and the germans that does n't make them any less european . 
  having olive skin does n't make you any less white . 
  i do n't see why people ( mostly americans ) struggle so much with that concept . 
  not only germanics are caucasian . 
  mediterraneans are also caucasian . 
  besides what the fuck is latin people ? 
  you mean the latin tribes that inhabited italy ? 
  sure we have plenty of those . 
  latins were n't exactly different from other european tribes . 
  aha , and where from could italians not being white possibly come from ? 
  we ( except sicily ) are probably one of the most ethnically preserved european countries . 
  never have ever non-europeans been here . 
  i think this may be a warning on what muslims may do to the culture of the rest of europe if we continue letting them come here . 
   non-white  eastern europeans and slavs , wut ? 
  a warning , rest of europe . 
  so could greece , what 's their point ? 
  so we agree . 
  i have to say i agree with you . 
  but i do think russia is european . 
  it was weird for me . 
  of all the countries listed i dislike turkey the most but then it is n't actually an european country . 
  there 's always albania . 
   nope . 
  po valley and venetian plain are two different things . 
  i know that . 
  there is still a tiny part , north of the eastern po ' that is part of veneto . 
  it may be small , but it 's there . 
  you know you 're probably right . 
  i always saw padania as another way of saying the valley of the river po . 
  anyway , veneto is in the padana valley . 
  part of it . 
  south of the river you have emilia and north of the river you have veneto and lombardia . 
  and most maps i 've seen make [ this ] ( http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/italia_settentrionale ) padania . 
  well rome was n't part of it . 
  but it was n't roman anymore was it ? 
  it adopted the ways of rome and all . 
  but it was n't rome . 
  it was n't the roman empire . 
  yeah , no . 
  by that logic every country who 's territory was roman can have such issues . 
  italy is also an invention . 
  your point ? 
  padania includes the regions that are part of the padana valley . 
  geographically . 
  the lega nord called padania the 8 northern regions of italy . 
  that is politically/economically . 
  either way toscana , marche and umbria are not padania . 
   muslims , jews , militant atheists atheists are mentioned . 
  you know , you have an username which makes me really perplexed about your personality ... and yeah . 
  italian culture , german culture . 
  wherever christmas is part of the culture . 
  france would argue otherwise . 
   you 'll recall that we 've had amazing maps made last time , and even ended up in the news !, 
  in which news ? 
  why have i not heard of this ? 
  edit : now that i have finished the survey ... i think italy should be the one where people complain . 
  not that i 'm complaining ... 
  i am in absolutely no way a `` militant atheist '' although i am an atheist . 
  i celebrate christmas . 
  not believing in god does n't mean you should n't still respect and celebrate old traditions .
