i 'm already on a diet , soooo . 
  of course we could . 
  bring more taxes . 
  we dare you , we double dare you . 
  i 'm ^ jking ^ please ^ makeitstop edit : typo, 
   game gread ftfy, 
   to waste on greece do you understand that you are talking about a nation ? 
  about 11 million people ? 
  i think , some of you in here , you are so naive and ignorant . 
   so sch\u00e4uble does not profit from it . 
   do n't like it , do n't take it . 
  it 's not that easy , do n't you think ? 
  cheers !, 
  tonight we dine in hell !, 
  i 'm not really sure about this . 
  i 'm going to run a check and if i 'll find something , i 'll inform you . 
  [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/yanisvaroufakis/status/619519095881474048/photo/1 ) is the official vote of varoufakis . 
   just the [ picture ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjj5vriucaaufgs.png:large ), 
  he voted . 
  but he sent his vote via a letter . 
  vacation with his daughter that lives in australia iirc . 
  it 's a serious issue for yianis , because his time with his daughter is very limited in general . 
  edit : typo . 
  naaaahh , he 's chilling with his family at a greek island called aigina . 
  i really think that they are pushing us out of eurozone . 
  they just do n't want germany to get blamed for a collapse of the euro . 
  push , push , push , we are going to fall . 
  and we are going to take more countries with us , unfortunately . 
  anyway , my country 's future it 's really shady and scary . . 
  i already read it . 
  i really want to ask something if this source is reliable and trustworthy . 
  why did they wait a greek proposal if they already wanted greece to leave the eurozone ? 
  it 's kinda contradictory , is n't it ? 
   please use the megathread . 
  how is this going to happen ? 
  like posting a comment that is going to be lost in space and time ? 
   edit : typo, 
   so a political win-win for him and his party . 
  it 's not that simple man . 
  is win-win leaving the eurozone ? 
  do you think that `` everything is going to be fine '' going back to drachmi ? 
  we are living the history that will be written in our books 50 years from now ... 
  it 's scary . 
  why the blame goes up to tsipras ? 
  greek government accepted the proposal in 95 % and made some . 
  how can someone blame him now ? 
  edit : you can blame the greek goverment for the unreliability that built in the last 5 months . 
  i agree with you . 
  i was able to interact with many greek friends of mine . 
  we were really feared of the situation . 
  `` third memorandum , referendum after so many years , what are we going to do ? '', 
  , we said . 
  we were talking for hours , hours of political disquisitions that always had the exact same ending . 
  `` yes or no , memorandum or grexit , wo n't matter if we wo n't change out thinking as a nation '' . 
  this is the real problem in greece . 
  we can have as many memorandums as we like , but if we are not willing to change our thinking over the next years , there is no point . 
  someone has to stop the tax evaders , someone has to stop the special favors . 
  every little one of those is going to put us back on the european track . 
  i hope tsipras is the one . 
  because , you know , there is noone else in greece that we can trust . 
  if tsipras is not the one , we are fucked . 
  you 're a kind person . 
  cheers . 
   it was certain politicians and rich greek businessmen who caused greece 's debt to be so damn high . 
  we are also responsible that we voted them . 
  and i do n't mean you and i , but a big percentage of our people voted them . 
  big percentage of our people today have a normal life . 
  this has to change . 
  there is a big difference between the economy doing better and the economy reduced up to 20 % . 
  heavy taxes and no production will give you a plus , but id does n't mean that your economy is doing better . 
  you 're probably right at your second part though . . 
  i 'm really scared also . 
  leaving the eurozone is like letting yourself die . 
  we need them , they need us . 
  we have to walk this together , but i do n't think that it 's going this way . 
  anyway ... . 
  but if we did voted yes , our country would be saved ? 
  come on . 
  signing a third memorandum is like making a full circle . 
  in 3-5 years , we will be in the exact same spot ... 
  i 'm wrong , in a worse spot . 
   if you need someone 's money , you must agree to its terms , and freely offering assistance justifies requiring damaging demands of the borrower  greece 's people do n't want to work hard and make the tough , but right decisions . 
  the fuck are you talking about . 
  you and your biased opinion went full retarted . 
  you know nothing about hard work . 
  [ please get your facts straight ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/niallmccarthy/files/2015/03/20150313_greece_fo.jpg ) and then talk please . 
  edit : i reread more carefully what you wrote and i understood what you really wanted to say . 
  my bad . !, 
  and come on , do n't be a `` grammar nazi '' . 
  it 's pointless . 
  if you can understand my saying just do n't do it . 
  if you trust wikipedia 's data that even me and you can edit , then i have nothing to add to our conversation . 
   many economists are also in favor of staying in the euro and the eu . 
  it is obviously not a popularity/number contest but it is not such a simple issue . 
   do you have a source for the suicide rate ? 
  ( disclaimer : any suicide rate is a failure in my book but i 'd like to see the actual statistic . ), 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/21/austerity-greece-male-suicides-spending-cuts ) . 
  i hope you 're ok with that . 
  what ? 
  how can you compare these situations ?
