i 'm already working on my beard and got my bed sheets ready to go !, 
  there 's a limit to how many `` simple mistakes '' a politician can make in public before his/her credibility goes out the window . 
  that limit was passed by \u00c5sa romson a long time ago , as she seems completely unable to stop her stupidity from coming out every time she speaks . 
  remember the time she compared the mediterranian sea with auschwitz ? 
  or that time when she did n't use the word `` roma '' but `` gypsies '' ? 
  or maybe that time when it was uncovered that she 'd been using dangerous chemicals to paint her boat ? 
  the list goes on . . 
  then the title of this thread is misleading , as it 's not about safety but an index made by this institute according to various objective * and subjective * factors . 
  rather it seems to be as much about financial security as actual safety . 
   beyond the lack of proper editing , it sounds like orwellian propaganda . 
  just a weird article . 
  it 's almost as if it 's a * swedish article * . 
  i highly doubt these statistics are correct . 
  a quick search on google reveals different numbers . 
  just take a look at this list of countries by homicide rate on wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate, 
  these enclaves are growing at an extremely rapid pace , so it wo n't be long before the violence and religious extremism of these ghettos spill over into the rest of swedish society . 
  in my experience it 's probably as you say . 
  hating white people is never racism . 
  in sweden , it can even be anti-racism when batshit crazy leftist-feminists openly call for the death of white men . 
  at the same time , it 's almost always racism when it concerns dark-skinned people . 
  there 's a funny example of an agency called `` r\u00e4ttvisef\u00f6rmedlingen '' , roughly the justice agency , the purpose of which is to promote affirmative action in swedish workplaces . 
  they want to establish a registry of `` swedish-sounding names '' in company rosters to see how `` progressive '' swedish companies are , among other things . 
  now , what 's funny is they receive state subsidies for this . 
  but when the swedish police established a similar registry on criminal gypsies , it caused a public outrage with headlines about racism and so on . 
  hope this answered your question . 
  that does not surprise me at all . 
  what has done this to sweden ? 
  it all started in a parliamentary decision in 1975 when the ruling social democrats proposed sweden should strive to be a multicultural society . 
  their hegemonic position in swedish political history pretty much codified this and since then all facets of society have been revisited to this end . 
  since 2010 it is even in our constitution . 
  from entering daycare swedish kids are taught about the marvel of multiculturalism while any mention of swedish culture and history is strangely absent or downplayed . 
  as this has been going on since the 70 's , and the media and politicians agree on the matter , everything concerning multiculture has been ingrained in swedish society and minds . 
  i imagine north koreans work the same way : as they 've not known anything else , they believe it to be true . 
  dissent is labeled far right extremism and may cost you everything from social position , relationships and even employment . 
  lately with the extreme immigration levels and cracks in the utopian facade a growing minority is beginning to see through the fog of lies that envelops all of sweden , but i 'm afraid it is too late and , in proper swedish manner , too weak . 
  i only fully realized how dire the situation was after living abroad for years , so i have little hope for my countrymen . 
  hence , i 'll be leaving , as many others . 
  give me another list of things that will never happen . 
  swedes are naive retards and will never realise what 's happening until long after the fact , and i 'll be long gone by then . 
  fair enough , but we do n't have sharia courts or patrols on the streets , yet . 
  i think some parts of london are worse off than us . 
  being swedish is a strange mix of anger , sadness and dreams of getting out . 
  it 's not . 
  check the statistics you 'll see your muslim population accounts for as big a % as ours . 
  difference is you beat us in total numbers by a couple of million . 
  we 're all fucked mate . 
  i 'll be jumping ship once i get my tax-paid education . 
  all of western europe is fucked , and the uk is no exception . 
  what does it matter if you 'll all be living under sharia law anyway ? 
  you 're welcome to come visit us in the multicultural paradise . 
  i 'll just leave the real statistics [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ghmbb ) . 
  and as you keep claiming the statistics for refugees do n't exist please read [ here ] ( http://www.svd.se/invandringen-bor-inte-innebara-sju-svara-ar ) and [ here ] ( http://www.svd.se/bara-en-av-tjugo-lyckas-fa-jobb ) . 
  the difference is , with any other party in power it is now obvious to more than a fifth of the population that our country is doomed . 
  over . 
  will cease to be . 
  better take our chances with the only ones who said from the start that they want to stop this madness . 
  more than half of refugees do n't have an employment five years after coming to sweden . 
  those of us who grew up in the segregated projects around the bigger cities know that it 's definitely not going to work out in the end . 
  especially when you yuppies living in the nicer areas keep deluding yourselves with this nonsensical reasoning . 
  hard to find a country less welcoming of migrants lol, 
  [ volvo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kquhpo2vwi ) this gave me goosebumps when i was living abroad . 
  if sweden was a feeling . 
  ** sweden ** arguably there 's no unbiased news outlet in sweden . 
  these are the most reputable : * * svenska dagbladet * : right-leaning , tends to stick with the centre-right coalition * * dagens nyheter * : since the current editor-in-chief took over it 's arguably heavily leaning to the left * * aftonbladet * : very left-leaning , tabloid . 
  home to some of the sickest opinion pieces in sweden . 
  * * expressen * : right-leaning , tabloid . 
  mostly focuses on sports . 
  * * metro * : left-leaning , freely distributed in the public transport system . 
  political views are similar to aftonbladet . 
  then there 's the public service , svt , which is supposed to be politically unbiased . 
  however numerous polls have shown that their staff is very much to the left on the spectrum . 
  swedes are the most selfhating people there is . 
  please s\u00e4ve us . 
  mr. orban , please save us . 
  how about just taxing lazy fat people more for their healthcare and letting the rest of us who can exercise a modicum of self-control eat what we want to ? 
  i was replying to your post where you specifically said nationality . 
  the reason you 're getting unnecessarily riled up is that you 're arguing over a different matter entirely . 
  you 're talking about citizenship , which is not the same as nationality . 
  a foreigner can naturalize and become a citizen of a different country , and thus gain the same rights as any other citizen . 
  historically citizenship and nationality have been profoundly related , and even now it 's still so , but it 's still an important distinction to be made . 
  furthermore what you say about genetics is nothing but a politicized myth that has absolutely no grounds in actual science . 
  it 's not yet fully understood how genetics is connected to human personality traits or disease , as proven by the fact that new discoveries are made daily . 
  do you claim to understand it better than the scientific community ? 
  we share the majority of our genome across the human species , but we also share it with chimpanzees . 
  even so , with a simple commercial dna test that is widely available , it 's still possible to pinpoint your genetic heritage down to a geographic area . 
  negligible significance ? 
  i think most people will disagree . 
  the discussion is not about rights , it 's about the concept of nationality . 
  nobody has said anything about belittling anyone . 
  in essence , what you 're saying is that being danish is something desirable , because it 's better than being of another nationality . 
  therefore by not granting another the right to become danish , they are belittled by this . 
  it is ridiculous how quick people these days are to cry racist , the word itself has lost all meaning . 
  you as a greek could never become danish . 
  neither could you as a man become a woman , nor could you as a human become a horse . 
  and yet you can clearly distinguish genetic traits , both visually and with a simple lab test . 
  the point you 're missing is that the defining right of nationality is not yours alone , it 's the right of the many people who inherited it . 
  it all depends on how you define nationality . 
  to many people , me included , it does n't come easy to call a foreign-looking person swedish . 
  i do believe one can be swedish if they were born and raised here , if they share swedish values and customs and see themselves as swedish . 
  but even then , they are merely swedish in a cultural sense .
