   what should not be the only measure of what ? 
  the veil ban . 
  it 's only one part in trying to :  getting people to adapt and become productive members of society that accept our core values, 
  it should not be the only measure . 
  it 's simply a push in what we think is the right direction , pun not intended . 
  those who ca n't adapt are thusly encouraged to leave , those who can are welcome to join society afterall . 
   why is it okay to become a hermit and stay within your home then ? 
  hermits are n't building parallel hermit societies . 
   come on , you have n't even tried to justify it . 
  i 've justified it better than you tried understanding . 
   so what if they 're hiding from society ? 
  who cares ? 
  society , apparently . 
   nothing says `` fuck being a part of austria '' like cross-dressing , those people wo n't be segregated any further through this measure . 
  both are , after all , not considered part of the cultural norm and certainly do n't fit in with the rest of society . 
  i do n't think the straws you 're grasping will carry your weight . 
   i want to hear your reasoning . 
  your insistence is laughable . 
  one is [ hiding from society ] ( http://s88563448.onlinehome.us/atheist/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/disappearing-women.jpg ) and the other is [ dressing up weirdly ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?t=i&amp;q=street+parade+vienna ) . 
   i actually care about social progress , and this regressive behavior is exactly what i fear . 
  what are we talking about again , laws on clothing or seeing fully veiled women in western society ? 
   you 're segregating people by banning their religious garb . 
  nothing says `` fuck being a part of austria '' like going out in a burka . 
  those people wo n't be segregated any further through this measure . 
   go on , tell me , why is the veil not okay but cross-dressing is ? 
  if you really need me to outline how cross-dressing does n't separate an individual from the rest of society the way that going out in a full veil does , then i 'm not sure that there is even a basis for discussion here . 
  you seem to be the one that 's upset here . 
  i just think that when segregation is becoming a problem , it might be a prudent idea to ban articles of clothing whose only purpose is segregating individuals from the rest of society . 
  the thought that people think it 's okay for one 's only presence in public to be as a black sack actually does hurt . 
  shit gets complicated when we realize that we do n't want to tolerate certain fucked up customs . 
  not once you 're integrated . 
  kind of ironic . 
  if they were part of society we would n't think about outlawing their veils . 
   and i really dislike this idea of having to conform to society . 
  that this is about conforming is your own construction . 
  all we want for them is to become part of our society , but hiding their faces makes this much more difficult if not impossible . 
  it has been abused beyond a point that our society is comfortable with . 
  not to mention debating things on the internet , where you do n't even hear a voice . 
  if you can imagine living in a world where faceless sacks talk to one another , we have nothing to discuss . 
  that just tells me that you 're clueless about the implications of facial expressions in interacting humans . 
  i 'm torn . 
  being able to buy women with camels would make dating much simpler . 
  that you consider modern thinking a burden is telling . 
  yes , i am working from the belief that hiding your face in public goes against the natural order of our society . 
  integration !, 
  good , i do n't feel like engaging in a long discussion about this . 
  if they 're really so patriarchal that they 'll force their women to stay at home if they ca n't veil up , then we could look into that sort of abuse next . 
  whatever indoctrination leads to women doing it voluntarily should also be investigated . 
  helps keep shit from leaking everywhere while it heals . 
  sometimes you need a band-aid . 
  that 's kind of how the voting system sets it up to . 
  but there 's only so much discussion to be had about tolerating religious practices from culturally distant parts of the world . 
  i think most of us are fine with religion dying out , and we * do n't * want to replace christianity 's abandoned churches with mosques . 
  when anarchists start segregating in their own lawless communities we should start to worry . 
  i think i 'll prove them right . 
  let 's see , who had the right idea five years ago ... oh surprise , the parties on the right . 
  i 'd be inclined to agree if the wmd argument had not been shown to be complete and utter fabrication . 
  if nothing else , it was * extremely convenient * for us interests . 
  and there are things that ca n't be done through diplomacy that can be done through hostile dick wagging . 
  like invading a country that wants to use another currency for oil trading . 
  things would probably look different had that gone through , with the us housing market / economy crash a few years later . 
  i could do without one eu country having a particularly special deal and still dragging the whole thing down . 
  i feel the same way about alcohol . 
  both of them are only around to the current extent because they have been * the * socially acceptable drugs for many decades . 
  at least we 're on our way to curb one of them ... slowly ... 
  which is not to say that i do n't want people to be able to enjoy a drink every now and again , but this pervasive alcohol culture that many countries have needs to be pushed back . 
   swap smoking with unhealthy fast food and do you feel the same ? 
  that bbq scent coming up in summer is not quite as offensive . 
  second hand eating is also not a thing ... 
  every news is local news . 
  but seeing as we mostly share this immigration issue it seems somewhat relevant . 
   manipulate information like accompanying articles about the migration crisis with photos of women and children ? 
   they are always going to be called immigrants by some how `` some '' see them should have little relevance . 
  there are always a few racists who would not accept them . 
  the big question is how they see themselves , and how most of society sees them . 
  too many immigrants and their children never assimilate , and since they do n't even consider themselves to be at home there it 's pretty difficult for others to even begin considering them natives . 
  depending on the situation , you likely do n't walk in at all if your demands are absurd to begin with . 
  which is why i consider asking it this way to be leading . 
  it was probably asked in the aftermath of the vote , too !, 
  so you get a bunch of hotheads . 
  seeing some of the uppity brits in here , my first thought is `` fuck them '' , too . 
  if we benefit from the others ' benefit , then that 's obviously better for us . 
  no question . 
  but where that 's not the case then i hope we do n't waste too much time on what the uk gets out of it . 
  they made their bed . 
  kind of a leading question . 
  whether the uk benefits from these deals or not is simply not our concern any more . 
  i 've seen this headline too regularly to care . 
  and i do n't need weekly economy updates for thirty countries . 
  they had the best deal in the eu . 
  at least this special treatment is over . 
  that 's ... literally in the word . 
  let 's hope these issues do n't prove too titanic to handle , eh ? 
  so what you 're saying is we should not discuss this yet , only once it 's legally proven ? 
  yeah , that 's realistic . 
  * edit : maybe you would prefer to talk about germany 's 2016 nye now that the dust has settled there ? 
  should be a much better basis for discussion according to your train of thought . 
  *  so after germany last year muslim immigrants are the only people capable of assaulting women sexually on new year 's eve ? 
  interesting logic . 
  it 's interesting how you jump from a clear precedent to this black and white argument , yes .
