do we really want to collapse the economy of a nuclear power through sanctions ... ? 
  they can do that pretty easily with some cameras . 
  maybe a simple update for the system that tracks congestion . 
  nsfw has become a general warning that something * might * be considered controversial somewhere , somehow . 
  it 's kind of fucked up that people get so emotional about this . 
  sorry that you ca n't have a porsche by default , guys . 
  it 's not a competition , and obvious that this just highlights the general design of them . 
  who 's tied their currency to whose again so their oh-so-independent economy does n't get fucked up along with the massive one surrounding it ? 
  strap in and enjoy the ride . 
   companies already have an inventive of not produce waste , because they paid for it . 
  its their money that gets thrown away . 
  and it stands in no proportion to being well-supplied . 
  throwing away bread is more efficient than selling less because you ran out . 
  are you quoting from * things poor people say * or something , or what you would do ? 
  because for people with normal finances , that would be a pretty big stretch . 
  people do n't want the leftovers and would just continue to shop normally . 
  if they can . 
  i like that it would force companies to balance against this and cause less waste . 
  we throw away ridiculous amounts of perfectly good food . 
  pr-wise , i think that name is pretty tainted ... 
  this is far enough in the future that you really ca n't say if their societies will have changed drastically by then . 
  for all we know , they could theoretically become shining beacons of equality that we 'll look up to . 
  aside from these social issues , there 's also the thing where the eu would then border iraq , iran and syria . 
  not sure if i 'm comfortable with that as long as the middle east remains the way it is . 
  i 'll make no comment except quote your own :  which our children and their children have to deal with, 
  like dirt . 
   in reality it 's just as hard to stop gaining weight as it is to quit smoking , or to stop a different addiction . 
  i 've lost 30kg and have been dieting for a while now , and ca n't quite confirm that . 
  what i found is that , after overeating for a while , it 's difficult to get back to a low calorie regimen . 
  something about the blood sugar levels and the body craving the energy it got used to . 
  but after those few days that subsides and all it takes is some self control to limit intake , the occasional craving notwithstanding . 
  that has been true whether i 've let myself go for a week or for longer . 
  it 's nowhere near an actual withdrawal for me , with shaking and all that stuff i 've only heard about . 
  yeah , that 's something i forgot to point out , it should be very similar . 
  perhaps people just think more highly of their english skills here . 
   and it 's just a flair . 
  a mohawk is just a hairstyle . 
  sadly , presentation matters . 
   travel a lot to turkey to visit my family there at my old company , i sometimes saw turks complaining about issues like these , and shortly after would hear them talk about their next trip `` home '' . 
  seems hypocritical to me to complain about not getting the absolute same treatment as the locals if you do n't even consider yourself one . 
  and makes me doubt the accuracy of this . 
  the vast majority of people here are very bad at english , but i suppose it depends on what you define as holding a conversation . 
   `` sizable '' they pale in comparison to the usa 's . 
  along with its military industrial complex . 
  maybe as an indicator of overall health of the population . 
  not necessarily , but making sure that we 're not drowning in proprietary chargers is a good thing . 
  but what i meant was really calling the current standard idiotic . 
  last time i checked , it 's the only choice we have , and it 's not * that * terrible . 
  unless apple opens up lightning , there wo n't be an alternative to push until usb 3.1 . 
  ... it 's a shameless copy of a popular thing ? 
   also , disregard all reasonable arguments and keep downvoting !, 
  you disregarded your own argument when you chose how to word your comment ( s ) . 
  mini and micro already made that a mess . 
  i hope the new form factor lasts longer to make up for that nonsense . 
  do you realize that there is already a directive , which is the reason why micro usb is the standard ? 
  the upcoming update to the usb standard is supposed to cover that . 
   europe needs more diplomatic engagement to defuse crisises diplomacy is not a magic bullet . 
  we 'll see how the crimea situation develops , but at this point it seems quite possible that russia wo n't be talked out of keeping it . 
  maybe we should put up a fence . 
  hidden score is good , but i tend to just turn css off for subreddits that use it to restrict functionality . 
  do you know that your body requires the equivalent of 25-30 sugar cubes every day ? 
  drinking soda all the time is n't healthy , but cutting it entirely for misguided reasons is n't much better . 
  austria has tons of delicious pastries and baked goods , quite literally . 
  my pick for comfort food would be apfelstrudel with whipped cream ... 
  are n't many / most chain locations ( be it mcdonald 's or bp ) `` locally owned '' ? 
  not exactly a meaningful designation . 
  what the fuck is going on with public transportation lately ? 
  spain , italy and now switzerland ... 
  i think you have the color coding the wrong way around ... 
  well , the taxes in austria and germany are 20 % and 19 % respectively . 
  not quite the difference . 
  i do n't think that is a legal issue , however . 
  what needs to be done is not buying the fucking thing . 
  when it crashes and burns they will adapt . 
   ( 1000 eur fine if you do n't wear a helmet while driving a bike ) that 's difficult to collect , considering it 's not illegal ... 
  perhaps it 's the local accents that make pronunciation more difficult , they 're often much stronger than germany 's . 
  other than that i have no idea , we watch the same media as they do , with english content being dubbed . 
  it 's not a link , he 's just saying that there are similarities in how they act and behave . 
  i occasionally go [ through here ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/s27qu ) within austria , and that 's undoubtedly my favorite , especially in winter . 
  now that 's just low ... 
  that 's funny , i do n't think i know any grubers . 
  then again , vorarlberg is far removed from the majority of our population ... 
  well , if you accept these bytes of information as credible , i can confirm that it exists . 
  i 've been there briefly . 
  as a european , i do n't get it either . 
  we can expect operating systems to come with programs or not , why single out the browser ? 
  how many people have never looked at alternative text editors or media players ? 
  i ca n't give you a time frame , i just tried to say that they 've had a lot of practice by now and know how to do it as best as they can . 
  like keeping to the actor 's lip movements and things like that . 
  as long as i can remember it 's been pretty good , but i started watching almost everything in english ten years ago , so i have n't really been up to date . 
  i ca n't speak for germany , but here in austria the vast majority of people do n't watch movies any other way , and watching originals is downright unusual . 
  seems to be changing slowly , though , with more `` original version '' screenings becoming available at the theaters . 
  german dubbing is ubiquitous and has become very professional . 
  but it still loses a lot of nuance and it seems that i ca n't watch a dubbed movie without noticing at least one glaring translation error . 
  it offed itself . 
  considering that adulthood starts at 18 and ends when you die , 34 should be at the younger end of it . 
  that statistic started before i was born . 
  i never understood why people pay any attention to the tour de dope . 
  sorry , but we * are * in a submission of stereotypical maps ... 
  op comes from greece , they can probably not afford high-res png 's right now .
