  except that without adblock , there 's a huge ad behind the page and to the left and to the right and another half dozen embedded in the article . 
  escapist and many news sites are like that . 
  then there 's youtube , which just interrupts what i was doing and forces me to waste my time on shit i 've never cared about . 
  who are you to tell me whether it 's true or not ? 
  the sensation of drowning in ads whenever i browse without adblock disagrees with your assessment . 
  maybe we should return the favor and not care about those migrants . 
  by that definition , my fridge is linux . 
  does n't mean anything . 
   and maybe in a few years , they will become standard . 
  the year after linux becomes the common consumer os . 
  ummm ... does n't it have to appear on shelves before people can buy it ? 
  they need that to balance out the amount of sugar . 
  when it comes to peanut butter i prefer snacks that are a bit more ... understated ? 
  like nutter butter , just a delicious cookie that does n't feel like eating a salty sugar explosion . 
  it was basically split in the middle , was n't it ? 
  so either way half of them will be disappointed . 
  yeah , that 's totally what has been happening the last couple of decades . 
  1.9 milli ? 
  that 's a steal !, 
   but is it a good thing to do or the right thing to do why are you even asking ? 
  not so much complaining as pointing out a particularly violent abuse of reddiquette . 
  oh no , he does not agree about something that 's entirely subjective !, 
  down vote his comment !, 
   and i went to the french embassy after the attacks saying `` je suis charlie '' with a lot of people ... 
  did n't you learn anything when you saw how upset muslims got there ? 
  like wondering why they give a shit ? 
  dark humor is like food . 
  not everyone gets it . 
  he did call merkel 's actions admirable ; reasonable is not the word i 'd use . 
   the niqab is n't a religious symbol either , it is n't in the koran . 
  does it matter where that regressive shit comes from ? 
  make it an internment camp ? 
  which could lead to a movie tie-in : * escape from calais * . 
  * because that would be fascism !, 
  what are you , a far right nutjob who wants to restrict people 's beliefs ?!? 
   last time i checked , the money comes directly from turkey , saudi arabia , and the likes . 
  for now . 
  this needs to stop . 
  hippie communes were n't threatening the stability of the system and were the opposite of hostile . 
  good question without a good answer . 
  push them harder ? 
  allowing these parallel societies to grow any further is not an option . 
  seems like we ca n't fight this with tolerance . 
   the title of this post is misleading clicking on it and having it auto-translate , the article literally says the opposite of the title in the first sentence . 
  not sure where op learned french . 
  the 80 's called ... 
  i * have * actually seen more burkas than punks lately , come to think of it . 
  they could . 
  why are n't they and why is it our job to figure that out ? 
  so he picked the competition . 
  the bar was already in place . 
  we 're not the ones setting that particular bar ... 
  it sounds ironic if you do n't think about it , but please do . 
  if the state outlaws certain kinds of clothing , their families ca n't force them to wear those any more , liberating them . 
  yes , i heard that some women supposedly wear burkas and the like voluntarily , but consider it harmful conditioning that should be considered abuse . 
   posts got removed figures . 
  it 's especially interesting if it does n't fit those , imagine that . 
  i 'm sure the uk still owns a few uninhabited islands . 
  every news is local news . 
  depends on the circumstances whether we assign more weight to them or not , and when there 's many , many , many occurences that conform to a certain pattern , i think we should . 
  and there 's just a switch that goes aladeen/aladeen . 
  really , geography does n't matter ? 
  do you want the eu border to run through the middle east ? 
  i do n't want the eu border to run through the middle east . 
  not for another century , or maybe ever . 
  he might become right later , i 'm sure the cia has been going through possible scenarios for turkey 's future . 
  yet they are more likely to go to the middle east and join isis to blow up their ancestral homelands for religion . 
   but reddit told me from minute 1 that this was an islamistic attack , that we must purge all muslims or refugees i 've been following reddit closely for two or three hours as it started , and that 's just bullshit . 
  just pretend that it 's yesterday and you 're talking about the past few days ' incidents of islamic terrorism . 
  parent did write * views * , not * deeds * . 
  1 . be welcoming 2 . hugs 3 . 
  4 . world peace, 
  translation :  * let 's focus on what effect this is having politically , and lament how it threatens our agenda . 
  we 'll see what is behind this . 
  but disregarding that and just looking at all the other shit , it 's amazing that some people are still talking up * `` the far right '' * as the big scary thing we need to watch out for . 
  and everything that is n't left is far right . 
  personally , i 'm at the point where i consider islamism a bigger problem than the far right . 
  besides , the term is thrown around so loosely that it seems like everything that is n't left is faaaar right . 
  so ... what ? 
  some of those founding fathers that americans revere so much were slave owners . 
  not a secret or under denial . 
  sometimes important historical figures did bad things . 
  at least their special ride will be over soon . 
  ... that used to rule what , 80 % of the world ? 
  the uk is not done shrinking yet , i guess . 
  once-great britain, 
  figure out what the problem is and deal with it . 
  of course , that is pretty difficult when the issue revolves around people that believe mostly the same things you do , just too strongly . 
  as long as islamic terrorism keeps happening with such regularity , how much of a `` narrative '' does that really need ? 
  at this point i 'd compare it to gun violence in the usa , and the massacres that keep happening . 
  surely every american is appalled by them , but their consistent failure to improve the situation makes me think that on the whole , they do n't seem very bothered . 
  but , do n't they ? 
  i do n't care about cute little marches , i want to see them deal with the issue of radical islam . 
  if the majority wills it , it is . 
  the people does n't mean every single citizen . 
  it is n't . 
  but much closer to one than the others . 
  do you recall who won the first round with 65 % more votes than the runner up ? 
  seems like that would n't need as much explaining . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ?
