   they are not by a mile maybe only a kilometer . 
  it 's more about being flabbergasted how people latch on to a feel good headline that states the obvious . 
  then looking at the poll and how it 's neglected that a whole quarter actually * do n't * feel safe . 
  i 'd think it more relevant that a quarter of germans * do n't * feel safe . 
  i guess that 's not op 's narrative , though . 
   but the media is doing their best to scare us with boogeymen is this the same media that used pictures with women and children in articles about refugees ? 
  yeah , [ not like there has been a precedent or anything ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_year's_eve_sexual_assaults_in_germany ) , right ? 
  at what point does denying the likelihood of certain things become a farce ? 
  maybe when you 're offering tourists as alternative perpetrators ? 
  you 'll see different ones after the next elections . 
  there 's normal rational and fake `` rational '' for the sake of arguing - guess what theorizing that tourists might be be to blame for mass sexual assault looks like . 
  if you feel like you need validation against breitbart from a feel good poll you 've already lost . 
  how big would the number have to be to make the increase of rapes okay ? 
  would it ? 
  i 'm not sure if there 's a statute against being creeped out . 
  everyone is crying about the new rise of fascism , and i 'm the one being delusional in pointing out where it might lead . 
  right . 
  the thing is , so far they 're not outright refusing service . 
  they 're just making it really really really really really uncomfortable for women to be there . 
  these people have no chill . 
  look at his sister wrong and you 're lucky to end up with a black eye . 
   and export them where ? 
  maybe they could be concentrated in some sort of camp . 
  that 's where this problem is heading if liberals keep going `` but what are we going to do '' about it . 
  if there are no good solutions to a problem , worse ones will be found . 
  i always thought a phobia is an * unsubstantiated * fear . 
  so looking at shit like this , the term hardly applies . 
  we 're talking about polls , not preliminary results . 
  polls were practically useless in the last austrian election . 
  polls are far removed from reality lately . 
  the swings to right often came unannounced . 
  then the people who do n't like him should come up with solutions before the situation gets to the point where the majority would like to see him in power . 
  but so far the `` other side '' has mostly been content with letting it play out . 
  i do n't think anyone would mind a solution made up of complicated , finely organized steps . 
  if only we had one . 
   urgent problem with radicalised tunisian migrants are you generalizing again ?!?!? 
  * not all tunisians ... or something ... *, 
   this will awoke a response from european right wing movements ( and perhaps even leftists ) . 
  already happening . 
  the only question is how soon the populace can agree on addressing the problem , or whether we need more articles about the scary rise of the far right and how stupid people are to vote for these populists . 
  oh look , another refugee article with kids in the thumbnail . 
  feel free to cling to the facts you like instead of the ones you do n't . 
  http://www.opposingviews.com/i/religion/austrian-minister-calls-more-regulation-islamic-education for example , that we even have religious kindergartens sickens me . 
   muslims are n't going to end up a large enough minority for that to be a serious concern it already is . 
  i 'm observing the growing subculture every day on my way to the train station . 
  they keep to themselves and shop at their stores and eat at their restaurants . 
  every now and again more and more pop up and less locals feel like living in the area or even going there . 
  you can try to convince yourself that this is n't a problem by looking at the numbers as much as you want . 
   does n't matter if they 're afraid of terrorists , or islamization , or what . 
  as if growing islamization were not a valid concern . 
   but we 're talking about people being afraid of the vague possibility that a terrorist might kill them do you really believe * that * is the thing people are afraid of ? 
  these are but symptoms of a much larger issue that people are slowly starting to wake up to . 
  translation :  move along , nothing to see here . 
  both going to extremes . 
   people have made arses of themselves before plenty of times it 's easily a 9 out of 10 chance . 
  it 's sad that it 's going this way , but unless we act on topics like immigration and integration it 's only bound to get worse . 
  this will get taken care of , one way or another . 
  i just hope it 's not the one that makes us draw parallels to the jewish population in the 1930s . 
  you can live without fear and still change your vote to politicians willing to take decisive action . 
   how ? 
  short of wiping the region out with atomic bombs and killing every man , woman and child , you ca n't win that war wall off the middle east and cut their internet . 
  check back every hundred years . 
  why not judge a religion that contributes what , about 99 % of terrorism to the world ? 
   i was just trying not to step on toes it 's about time to stop that . 
  in fact , we need to * start * stepping on toes . 
  i also mind the same kind of conditioning with others , but it seems to be much less of a hard rule there . 
   i do n't really have an issue with this why ? 
  do you want future generations of muslim women conditioned that way as well ? 
   turkey might be fucked now , but in 10-20 years things might have changed for the better . 
  then they can come back to us in 10-20 years and we 'll be happy to talk . 
   they will just turn their heads eastwards they already are . 
  nobody cares about native crime because that 's there either way and unlikely to change quickly . 
  it stops wasting our time . 
  they wo n't become part of the eu until things change drastically , why keep discussing the topic ? 
  but i was told refugees cost nothing !, 
  exactly . 
  you 're not making refugees look better , you 're just making our impression of turkey worse . 
  that is what this open borders , refugees welcome insanity has led to . 
  voting is supposed to work for highlighting contributions to a discussion regardless of presented opinion , not promoting view points . 
  of course , anybody who is n't an idiot will realize that this lofty concept does n't make it to the real world . 
  would be nice if there was a different algorithm , like basing post visibility on other factors like the discussion going on , and the votes themselves only showing ( by color or so ) how much people agree . 
  because that 's what it boils down to 90 % of the time . 
  is n't greece the main place they should be applying , dublin rules and all ... 
  raise their average beheadings per week ? 
  that does n't explain why they 're totally anal when torrents enter the picture . 
  you ca n't even link perfectly legal apks here without going through a checklist . 
  i love how casual mods are about piracy when the content is `` just '' text . 
  not just here , but in any sub . 
  for the edit , that 's a bonus because people have no shortage of things to whine about , as is tradition . 
  this does n't even look like hdr , it 's just saturation puke . 
  heil , i suppose . 
  it 's not out of spite , just lack of an untainted choice . 
  just the doctors and engineers . 
  that bullshit has pretty much cemented how i 'll vote in whatever elections are coming up . 
  they can cry nazi all they want . 
  oh noes , democracy !, 
  especially hilarious with the knee jerk reaction of threatening to leave the country . 
  can we hold you to it ? 
  i like the result , but it looks like this sub is going to be insufferable for a few days . 
  hard to argue it 's not relevant to europe .
