  i have heard about muslims committing atrocities to their children many , many times . 
  of course some christians do it , too , but it seems to happen less . 
  well , it 's / r/europe and that happened on the other side of the world . 
  i would also argue that a lower frequency of these incidents in other denominations is probably a big factor in hearing less about them . 
  finding out that something happened at all is pretty easy with google . 
  but it does n't tell us much else . 
  then do n't read about people who beat their children to death for resisting indoctrination . 
   nah , there 's actually a ton of cases relating to `` christian '' parents abusing their children for not knowing the bible . 
  while my views on religion do align completely with grandparent here , would you mind showing some proof of that ? 
  i was not aware that even a minority of christians beat their children to death or commit honor killings . 
  they might see the overthrowing of many democratically elected governments differently . 
  i guess that 's more the cia than the military , but still a part of that whole foreign policy thing . 
  i present exhibit a for why the rest of the world is wary of the usa : apparently , he 's proud that his military always has something to do , be it ` liberating ' foreign countries or using drones to blow up ` terrorists ' . 
  what do you think your esteemed founding fathers would say about what your military has been up to the past , oh , fifty years ? 
  somebody has n't paid attention to what happened in china on the same day . 
  your notion is paradoxical . 
  if local mentalities were a factor at all in these companies ' dealings , they would n't even exist . 
  but , as an austrian , i 'll gladly sell ` my ' glocks to your mentally ill as long as * your * country does n't seem to have a problem with it . 
  all i know is , my gut says maybe . 
  it 's just a consequence of native speakers mixing up 've and of . 
  nothing more to it than good old carelessness . 
  people were shocked about the political shift to the right , but we have n't seen anything yet . 
  the next couple elections are going to be ... interesting . 
   plus , the translation thing is awesome and i 'd love to see it done by everyone . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  it just bloats comments up with text i 've already read , in a language i may or may not know . 
  i smell another submission epidemic ... 
  i think it could be argued to be , simply because easily impressionable children are brought up to believe in something that does n't exist , and their behavior as adults suffers from it . 
  would you think i 'm ` normal ' if i kneeled down facing north to pray to santa claus , for five to ten minutes every three hours ? 
  but there are some limitations to what the parents can decide , like things that hurt the children . 
  i 'd argue that harmful mental conditioning is inherent to religious behavior , so only a consenting adult should be allowed to subject him - or herself to it . 
  if churches , mosques and whatever else were 18 + places , we 'd have that thing sorted out in less than a generation . 
  what about everything associated with the baptism , like inheriting their parents ' religion and all the conditioning that comes after that ? 
  here 's a funny idea , restrict joining a religion to adults . 
  how about the point where you start cutting into other people ? 
   if you have something of value to say , and can speak english , do it . 
  priorities are the takeaway here . 
  if your pride is more important than being understood , there 's a problem . 
  just look at the treatment and social standing of women in muslim countries . 
  the onion already dismantled your argument long ago : http://www.theonion.com/article/no-one-murdered-because-of-this-image-29553, 
  ask the average citizen about politicians , and you 'll probably get the impression that we 're ready to start with the gas chambers again ... 
  strangely enough , our right to private copies is not accompanied by any limitations on copy protection on media . 
  then you already put in vastly more effort than simply moving files to a different folder . 
  why do you find it hard to believe in santa claus ? 
  it 's perfectly normal to start associating things when they happen together frequently . 
  it does , but then again i already pay for my austrian highways . 
  maybe countries could come to an agreement and simply exchange a certain amount of the profits so citizens only need to pay once . 
  at least for neighboring countries ... 
  garbagemen seem to be pretty much exclusively , well , men . 
  there should be more iron there now ... come to think of it , i wonder if that would actually pollute the area if done consistently for a long period of time . 
  ( not to mention the likely high amount of antibiotics . ), 
  people are less emotional about gummy bears . 
  i 'd kill for adult only compartments . 
  it 's simple . 
  places of worship need to be funded by the people who visit them . 
  bender 's got this : https://youtu.be/_n5e7fejhw0, 
  it 's a political cartoon . 
  newspapers have them , is this subreddit pretending to be above that ? 
  that 's a silly deflection . 
  what is a country other than a collection of people ? 
  wage slavery is alive and well in the first world . 
  we have to fight it here just like they have to fight it there . 
  the thing is , they do apparently work for that little . 
  why is it on us to make sure this is fair ? 
  are n't those sanctions far further reaching than just affecting the single demographic that 's demonstrating ? 
   you reduce milk output by 50 % . 
  your income is now down an extra 50 % from an amount that was already too low to live on . 
  but you have also reduced expenses , maybe with a little extra income from selling more beef . 
  if my job stops paying the bills i 'm not going to move my computer on the town square and demonstrate ... 
   that 's what i thought . 
  more ammunition for the far-right sigh * that 's * your take away here , concern about what effect this has on politics ? 
  defining the phrase * barely legal * . 
  i 'm sure those poor guys had n't had sex in months !, 
  there it 's just the culture . 
  edit : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bacha_bazi, 
  looking at [ this story ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/21/world/asia/us-soldiers-told-to-ignore-afghan-allies-abuse-of-boys.html?_r=0 ) , i 'm not sure if it 's likely to be . 
  completely beside the point . 
  their presence simply brought this quirk of the local culture to light , see my original post for the article about it . 
  that would be haram . 
   i do n't care about being pc , moderators can delete this comment . .  here 's me being overly pc . 
  you should read up on what american military personnel have to tolerate from the local culture in the region that this gentleman is from . 
  i think you 'll find your knowledge of different cultures being somewhat incomplete . 
  edit , because i just had to look it up anyway : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/21/world/asia/us-soldiers-told-to-ignore-afghan-allies-abuse-of-boys.html?_r=0, 
  i 'm not old , nor uneducated , and ca n't recall any good things about islam . 
  i know plenty of good muslims , but none of that is due to islam ; perhaps even rather * despite * it . 
  the problem here is the combination of all of that . 
  water is harmless , oxygen is harmless , but h2o2 is the opposite . 
  you ca n't blame some parts of the mix and exonerate others . 
  ( personally , i find fundamentalism as noxious as religion itself , but the combination is always on another level , and goes through the roof with islam . ), 
  i 'm sure there was the odd millionaire or two from outside the eu . 
  at what point do you stop looking at the individuals ? 
  to godwin the hell out of this discussion i 'll ask you directly if the nazis were just some bad apples . 
  that movement * did * industrialize and turn a war torn country into a superpower afterall , so the ideology might not be pure 100 % evil \u2122 . 
  hate the game , not the player . 
  for about two or three weeks , so do i. luckily that 's about the average amount of days we get snow lately ... 
  take a guess why the default behavior of browsers is to block pop-ups . 
  have n't been around when the web was younger , i take it . 
  you 'd know why we have adblocking tools . 
  just bugger off , i did n't even read your comment until now . 
  the only pages i 'll give as examples are the ones where i actually turned adblock off to see if it was causing an issue ( it never does ) , and get reminded of how little of the original page is actually content .
