  i 'm not aware of participating in anything like that . 
  you must be confused from all those mental gymnastics . 
  i did n't see much of anything about that in r/austria . 
  but they 're pretty anal about preventing hate speech , you can hardly use light grey humor without getting banned . 
  i guess censoring all these * isolated incidents * goes hand in hand . 
  because whataboutism sucks . 
  will you delete this one as well ? 
  if it works like their definition of rape ... 
  it still seems weird to me that 52 % vs 48 % is even considered a decision , more than an indecision . 
  but i suppose that 's on cameron . 
  leelo dallas passi pass . 
  sometimes you have to fight fire with fire . 
  surely they can * decide * that ... 
  so maybe something needs to change if we do n't want this shit to keep happening . 
  this whole comment thread is about how this event affects politics , and as such , future laws . 
  would you rather keep the ones protesting right now ? 
  not sure if i agree . 
  in the long term it 's probably healthy for stuff like this to come to light . 
  it 's almost like they * wanted * to prove trump right . 
  ah yes , * those * . 
  the numerous examples you posted speak for themselves . 
  it 's a starting point for discussion , not a definitive proposal . 
  there are hundreds of millions of people suffering in the world . 
  we have to choose who we save , anyway . 
  pretty discriminatory , but then again no other religion tries to pull this sort of shit on such a scale : http://www.dasbiber.at/content/sueleymans-kinder article in german , i hope google translate does n't butcher it too much . 
  just fuck religions in general , no need to discriminate against the worst one . 
  sounds like the catholic church is still fucking you like a priest would an altar boy . 
  too direct ? 
  maybe , seemed appropriate considering the topic . 
   because i can guarantee you , just because you do n't bother looking , there are plenty bothering aspects of widely popular political ideologies in countries much closer to you than the muslim world . 
  we would have an easier time dealing with other issues if we stopped importing more . 
  he 's pointing at their voluntarily support of a belief that takes on these things in its more extreme form . 
  kind of like i presume you would be suspicious of a politician who points out the positives about nazi germany . 
  also , the things so-called moderate muslims generally tend to believe in are still fucking insane for our standards . 
   to say their beliefs can be donned like a cloak at will is very far from practical reality this was never stated . 
  if it was that simple it would n't be an issue . 
  not here . 
  funny how that works considering we do n't pretend to have separation of church and state . 
   you , frankly , do n't know that . 
  their motivations are not that much of a mystery unless you 're willfully ignorant . 
   and it 's remarkable how you refuse to acknowledge how the women themselves would feel , because you do n't actually care about their agency in the matter . 
  because 99 % of them are either indoctrinated or forced to . 
  either condition needs to go . 
  but ... alienating those who would take issue with not being able to hide their women is a benefit . 
   i 'm sorry your understanding of tribalism and social issues is so fundamentally underdeveloped though , maybe it ca n't be helped that you 're so small minded when you do n't know the issues present . 
  while i find your continued ad hominems very cute , what 's with the assumption , once again , that i 'm unaware of the plethora of nuances involved here ? 
  it 's just that i find it increasingly difficult to care , not to mention debate them in detail . 
  as you may recall , all of this started with my statement that i have no interest in getting into a big discussion here , and at this point i 'm amazed that you 're so clingy and wordy when all i offer are quick snappy replies . 
   you want to force muslims to dress a certain way because you 're worried about extremists  this was never about how they look or their seclusion from society why not both ? 
  i know that i have better chances of winning the lottery than being harmed by terrorists . 
  the danger that unchecked immigration and islam at large pose dwarfs terrorism easily . 
   you 'd never subject someone you did n't view as the `` other '' to such restrictions that 's the beauty , everyone can become non-other if they care to . 
  my favorite example is a friend 's friend who is black but grew up here and speaks the thickest local accent . 
  but foreigners who remain foreigners after generations of growing up here , and want to grow their enclave and encroach on our society ? 
  not seeing why we should keep giving quarter , to twist a phrase . 
   when will you learn to stop perpetuating a cycle of hate and violence ? 
  we 've been trying it for a couple decades , but we got things like molenbeek and islamic kindergartens instead of rainbows and sunshine . 
   even though groups like the amish `` refused to change '' and integrate into society . 
  hell , many of them never even learned english , the horror they caused !, 
  the nation was truly torn apart by these people and their strange dress and isolated communities . 
  those gosh darn amish terrorists and their buggy bombings . 
  and the less militant keep overtaking city districts !, 
   you did n't answer that . 
  i actually intended to touch on that and forgot !, 
  but just to let you know that i have n't written that manifesto yet , and will get back to you whenever that particular problem needs solving in austria . 
   at least in bumfuck alabama lgbt groups can legally marry now , how 's that going in austria ? 
  do n't pretend this is some widely accepted practice . 
  like separation of church and state , acceptance of lgbt is much better than in the usa without even being on the books . 
   well , unless you care about their rights . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-pzuqv8mjq  yes yes , push people to adapt against their will and force them to abandon elements of their faith because you are n't comfortable with them and you want to make that clear . 
  has n't it been obvious that i think their faith is the social equivalent of cancer ? 
   that 's no reason to dismiss the societies that have managed to deal with at least some immigrants amicably if we had an entire ocean as a buffer and filter i could see it as a better comparison . 
  as it is , you get the immigrants that have the motivation and means to make a new place their home , while many of ours still consider other countries their home after several generations . 
  although i 'm sure you 'll just go `` and what 's the problem '' here , again . 
   shit , you 're no closer to solving discrimination against roma than you were several centuries ago . 
  is this where i snicker and think about how the usa has an entire month dedicated to black people while gang culture and crime is rampant among them ? 
   are you going to go around and tell me that cross-dressing is accepted by society ? 
  that sort of stuff sure is not as big of a deal here as it may be in bumfuck , alabama . 
  that 's why i am dismissive of this comparison . 
   oh yes , and banning the clothing is going to solve it ? 
  no , it 'll exacerbate the matter . 
  i thought that was the point . 
  push those who can adapt to do so , while highlighting those who ca n't . 
  we might have to deal with some husbands who will keep their women locked up at home , but there are laws for that . 
   irish , italians , and chinese europe is n't the usa . 
  do n't lecture us on immigration and we wo n't lecture you on gun violence . 
   a town of 500 off in some outskirt of the country a good example of your absurd examples that i 'm supposed to argue . 
  at least you have n't brought up cross dressers again as if it was relevant . 
   i want to know why it 's okay for one group to do the things you think are wrong , but not for another . 
  i think i 'll leave you with the assumption that i 'm not against rich gated communities and the like a bit longer . 
  btw : not that much of a thing here . 
   but we 're talking about banning a face veil in austria , not how the delicate situation in molenbeek needs to be addressed spoken like they 're not both symptoms of the same issue . 
   well , certain communities actually do exactly this but i digress . 
  then they 're not simply individuals being hermits now , are they ? 
   how many times can we move the goalposts ? 
  you 're the one who keeps making shit up as you go for the sake of having an argument with me . 
   anything to avoid directly answering the matter of why you take issue with this group of people in particular . 
  it 's like you ca n't grasp why people might think this group seems like the biggest problem right now ... https://youtu.be/6gzfgpndh1a https://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/12/opinion/the-islamic-state-of-molenbeek.html http://www.opposingviews.com/i/religion/austrian-minister-calls-more-regulation-islamic-education, 
  that 's the issue i feel people ignore , we 've already tried it the other way . 
  we 've offered decades of tolerance , and what we got was islamic kindergartens and self-segregation .
