my faith xd, 
  love this post . 
  really interesting information . 
  lol, 
  yes , my parents are from galicia . 
  for me i would say the most important reason is self-governance , but i give a significant importance to cultural issues too ( historical not so much ) . 
  i believe that a good and modern culture is key to perform well economically ( and give people a good quality of life ) . 
  and i think catalonia , being an small and independent country will have more tools and `` space '' to improve socially and economically . 
  in fact , 60 % of catalans have family roots belonging to other cultures and parts of the world . 
  which is pretty huge % . 
  yeah , probably is not the strongest one . 
  i would say cultural and historical reasons are more important for `` typical '' pro-independence supporters ( mainly left-wing supporters ) . 
  and for `` new '' pro-independence supporters ( center and right-wing ) economy and self-government ( own political institution and international status ) plays a bigger role . 
  for the same reason you mention , if it 's co-official new comers will not make an effort to learn catalan ( because they can live using just castilian/spanish , and they just ignore catalan ) . 
  the use of catalan is decreasing year after year . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.idescat.cat/economia/inec?tc=3&amp;id=da01&amp;dt=201300&amp;x=15&amp;y=10&amp;lang=en ) you can see how the habitual use of catalan has gone from 46 % in 2003 to 36 % in 2013 . 
  numbers are pretty ugly , reducing the use of catalan by 1 % every year . 
  yes , spain is better than france in terms of centralism . 
  however , being part of spain is not enough to save the language and the culture . 
  also there is no political or economical space ( 0 agreements and debate ) . 
  the push for independence is not random . 
  there are different reasons , and the linguistic situation is one of many . 
  i guess definitions vary across the world , for me : nationalism , is about ideas , develop your thinking according to a concrete social product ( language , gastronomy ... ) . 
  patriotism , is about facts , to be a patriot you must do something to defend your ideas . 
  pay taxes , do social work for the community , resist an occupancy ... 
  this way , you can call yourself a nationalist , but not a patriot , to be a patriot you have to show it . 
  i just do n't want the spanish state to destroy the language i love ( which is not even the language in which i speak to my family because my parents were spanish immigrants ) . 
  catalan is a beautiful language , endangered by the supremacy of castilian ( aka spanish ) and deserves to be preserved . 
  and the only way to make it possible is through independence . 
  the same way as we try to avoid the extinction of species , to keep biological diversity , i believe in avoiding the extinction of cultures , to keep cultural diversity . 
  i guess that makes me nationalist , but always based in liberty , social progress and science . 
  in catalonia there are areas with millions of immigrants which are non-catalans-speakers ( 2.6 millions ) where you rarely listen to catalan language . 
  because of this , a big part of the new born generations do n't use catalan at all , abandoning catalan , and using spanish only . 
  then ( i guess is something similar ) , being dutch-born does n't mean dutch culture . 
  culture is not a paper , is something you have to cultivate . 
  seems extremely close to the surface and to land . 
  according to [ world bank data ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in?order=wbapi_data_value_2014+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&amp;sort=asc ) finland still has 1.8 births per woman . 
  in south europe things are even worst : italy 1.4 , portugal 1.2 , spain 1.3 , greece 1.3 [ catalonia ] ( http://www.idescat.cat/economia/inec?tc=3&amp;id=d102&amp;lang=en ) also 1.3 . 
  finally spain seems to beat germany at something lol, 
  to be fair , when you are a low skilled immigrant is never easy to find a regular job , normally you go from temporary job to temporary job . 
  ok , still got time to be under average . 
  no pressure . 
  alpujarra in granada is a beautiful place . 
  hold on to your butts, 
  lol, 
  / thread, 
  people tend to say catalans are [ penny-pinchers ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/penny-pincher ) . 
  it 's half true , of course not every catalan is , but it 's true in my case , saving as much money as you can and being very thoughtful with how you spend it is essential in life . 
  lol, 
  according eurostat , in 2060 spain will have 46 millions . 
  and according to the spanish statistical office , spain will have 40 millions by 2062 . 
  you can not trust long term demographic projections , big part of its methodologhy is guessing the future . 
  right now these are the numbers of spain ( aprox ) : < 16 years = 7.5 millions 16  & < 64 = 29.9 millions .  64 years = 8.6 millions total population = 46 millions from that 29.9 , 17 millions are working ( 57 % of 29.9 ) , with an `` unemployment '' of 43 % . 
  i do n't think robots should scare spain and southern europe more than the present situation xd . 
  i give some credit till 2030 - 2040 , far from that , projections are not very likely imo, 
   spain will be in deep trouble with milions of people unemployed . 
  more !!, 
   do you really think that diversity dies by unification of governments ? 
  yes , thats the very first beginning . 
  to be honest , from a country perspective , the answer to that question is not up to us , it 's on eu members and eu bureaucrats , they are the ones who decide . 
  anyway , there are catalans supporting the fact of leaving the eu , and establishing instead agreements with the eu just like switzerland , norway or iceland does . 
  personally i do n't like the direction the eu is taking , but i would n't mind to keep being part of it , because europe is our natural context . 
  but if leaving the eu is part of the price , personally i would n't care and i would still vote for independence . 
  in the sense of citizenship , all catalans now have the spanish citizenship , and according to the spanish constitution , citizenship can not be lost unless citizens individually and explicitly renounce to it . 
  of course if we become an independent state spain might be able to make some changes to avoid that , but i 'm not sure about how realistic is that . 
  these arguments were one of the most discussed in the last rally elections ( september 27th ,2015 ) , and neither the first one ( country level ) or the second one ( citizenship ) can happen if spain does not recognize catalonia as an independent state , which would be a good news for us since there position is not accepting independence no matter what happens or what the results are . 
  at the end , these kinds of things are what independence is all about , self-government to make decisions , and responsibility to assume the consequences, 
  for their history and beauty the balkans are one of my favourite parts of europe . 
  i really do hope some day bosnia can solve some way all the complexities they have in their territory . 
  in my case bosnia is absolutely welcome ( and the rest of the balkans ) . 
  you also have some weird history with iceland and basque whalers xd . 
  andorrans are pretty happy the way they are , do n't think they want any kind of change , even in a million years xd . 
  some relatively small sectors of spain , but with significant influence in politics , that promote catalanophobia and hate to everything which is catalan just because . 
  here an example of 2014 : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9wzk8isgmi&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=3m9s ) context : in the major festivity of valencia thousands of people were insulting people from compromis ( a political party of valencia which defend catalan language and close to the catalan culture ) , by calling them fucking catalans , assasins , sons of bitch , traitors ... 
  mmm ... , we 're talking about nations , not states . 
  i would say andorra is part of the catalan nation . 
  different thing is that they have their own state which is great ( lucky bastards xd ) , but i feel as we 're the same nation , and many andorrans too . 
  sure : basque country , spain and occitania . 
  there are certain people dreaming about some united states of europe , which in my opinion is absolutely unnatural , that idea has nothing to do with europe , we are culturally much more complex and actually that 's awesome . 
  we must create our own solution taking into account what we are all together . 
  i believe in free movement of people , goods , capital and labor , that 's essential . 
  and we have to standardize too some things to keep it simple for people ( telecommunications , transport , some documents , some databases as security ... ) . 
  also , we must reinforce strong bilingual 's ( and trilingual 's ) societies ( your language + lingua franca - i 'm assuming english here - ) . 
  but it 's extremely important to respect the language and culture of each territory , i.e. , if i want to go to finland i can not expect to live just with english ( even if i could because of the job ) , i ( we ) should make an effort to learn finnish to be part of their nation and show them respect . 
  that 's tough but it 's the right thing , let 's hope technology can help us in this one xd . 
  and about the fiscal union and the euro , i do n't know , i 've never liked the idea of one currency/one state , however now it 's hard to get out of it . 
  but i do n't think having a lot of currencies is a problem , the exchange is done by computers in seconds so 0 problems . 
  actually i think is the best fit for europe , we have to reconsider this idea for the future . 
  and about fiscal union , well , i 'm trying to escape from spain to have self-government , so you can imagine my opinion about it xd . 
  i really think is a bad idea ( euro sort of ) , i mean , we have to cooperate to compete between us , and for that we must keep freedom in terms of fiscal and monetary policies . 
  europe is very special and unique , so our solution should be special and unique too :d . 
  all right , here we go france , luckily it 's closer to catalonia , i will take a bus or something . 
  yep , that 's right , but in the south this phenomenon is especially accentuated . 
  the pyramid of uk or sweden is way better than the italian or the portuguese . 
  the south has the same situation in general ( portugal , greece ... ) , and i would say that the population pyramid from the current [ spanish state ] ( http://populationpyramid.net/spain/2016/ ) is even worst than the italian . 
  ca n't argue with that , seems accurate . 
  in my case : breakfast : 7:30 am lunch : 13:00 pm dinner : 21:30 pm, 
  i agree . 
  the thing is governments do n't have enough money to change such pattern , maybe in a communist system , but not in the present europe . 
  is something we have to go through until the demographic structure is restored at their new equilibrium ( with families having 1 to 3 children and not 4,5,6 ... ) .
