  could you point me to the corresponding page ? 
  edit : link was fixed . 
  damn , russia beats germany once more ... 
  i am glad , too . 
  but not for the reason you might think . 
  as a native speaker , my german is excellent . 
  this coupled with my english and french skills makes me more valuable on the job market . 
  easy as that . 
  three of 430 schools in birmingham . 
  please , / r/europe , do n't jump to conclusions . 
  ( and maybe take a look at ops post history ), 
  i was also surprised until i read the source . 
  thing is , the numbers in the graph are additions of two columns , ` somewhat unfavorable ' and ` very unfavorable ' . 
  this skews the results , because many people who had one bad experience with ` muslim-looking ' people would have chosen the ` somewhat ' answer . 
  source : http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2011/07/pew-global-attitudes-muslim-western-relations-final-for-print-july-21-2011.pdf, 
  who is ` they ' ? 
  the merkels ? 
  this , and businessinsider is a click-bait shithole . 
  i really hope more people on this thread read the article . 
  too many morons think that this is about which army puts boots on the ground in ukraine . 
  this is not about military intervention . 
  this is not about military intervention . 
  from original subtitle : `` ukraine 's future security , political cohesion and territorial integrity depend on how putin reacts to the * toppling of ally yanukovych * '' so , why did you edit the title ? 
  actually , i think that the german and french parts are together on this one . 
  british anti-eu propaganda . 
  the plan is not secret and is not even a plan . 
  the group aims at standardizing crime fighting technologies . 
  they want to make sure that if such a technology is implanted in automobiles , each authority can use it . 
  only because the uk gets their shit together does n't mean that the rest is failing . 
  just look at this table : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_unemployment_rate, 
  aaaah , the joke from a time where the internet was creatively funny . 
  happy times . 
  absolutely correct . 
  but an application is just that . 
  there are many more hurdles until full citizenship is granted . 
  i just wanted to clarify merkel 's decision , because bigots are already trumpeting `` germany grants citizenship to all immigrants '' . 
  wrong . 
  inform yourself . 
  you make all xenophobes look stupid . 
  it 's important to note that syrians are accepted as asylum seekers , they wo n't get citizenship . 
  if syria is safe again , they lose this status . 
  you make no sense . 
  nobody wants to deal with extremists ( `` this shit '' as you call it ) . 
  that does n't make them racists . 
  there were 7 murders by extremists in germany in the last 5 years , for example . 
  right-wing extremists , that is . 
  so fighting any form of extremism ca n't make you racist . 
   the number of warnings about potentially radicalized prison inmates exploded an exploded number of warnings says nothing . 
  the most successful country of the eu eastern expansion . 
  dear cretins , please stop posting shitty blog articles . 
  thanks , that was the comment i was looking for . 
  the sensationalism of privacy groups really hurts their cause . 
  the same is true for all the ttip articles . 
  your great uncles would be ashamed of you . 
   if posts concerning immigration are becoming more and more common in this subreddit , it means that people are concerned with the present state of affairs and mass-immigration/multiculturalism . 
  no , it does n't . 
  a subreddit is not a representation of a society . 
  the reddit system supports the loud and populistic members . 
  the voting system is perfect for brigading . 
  in response to platitudes , everything is permitted . 
   some respondents to immonen 's facebook post pointed out the apparent irony of immonen choosing to write his anti-multiculturalism comments in the international language of english , despite having repeatedly called for finnish to become the country 's only national and official language . 
  hey , look , he even parties with your friends :  immonen 's post comes a few weeks after the mp was given ` stern words ' by his party superiors for posting a photograph of himself posing alongside members of a neo-nazi group . 
  i just wanted to make sure that you really believe this rag of a web page . 
  maybe you have other sources for the stone throwing ? 
  dangerous ? 
   were you dropped on your head ?!, 
  aaaand this discussion is over . 
  these people have enough money for the trip because they are normal people who are threatened in their country . 
  if there were n't these problems , they woulnd ' t flee . 
  they already have money . 
  these sourses do n't support your claim . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_migration_to_spain ), 
  i expected that this retarded comment would be no. 1 . 
  the thing is , the eu is not a military organisation . 
  if you want war , join isis . 
  they do n't warn , they act . 
  the point of this warning is to let the russians know that their actions are monitored and political and diplomatic actions may follow . 
  so basically the quote in ops title is wrong . 
  #don ' t just quote parts of the article without markings where parts are missing . 
  the full article : the closest greece has come to leaving the eurozone was at around 6am on monday morning , just as dawn was breaking over brussels . 
  alexis tsipras of greece and angela merkel , the german chancellor , decided after 14 hours of anguished talks that they had reached a dead end . 
  with no room for compromise , neither saw any reason to carry on . 
  grexit was the only realistic option . 
  as the two leaders made for the door it was donald tusk , the president of the european council , who moved to prevent the fatigue and frustration from triggering a historic rupture for the eurozone . 
  `` sorry , but there is no way you are leaving this room , '' the former polish prime minister said . 
  the sticking point was the size and purpose of a privatisation fund to be backed by sequestered greek assets . 
  ms merkel wanted the $ 50bn of sales to be devoted to debt repayments ; mr tsipras saw that as a national humiliation that would cede control of assets worth almost a third of greek national income . 
  his alternative was a smaller fund , whose proceeds would be reinvested in greece . 
  a compromise was ultimately found after more than an hour discussing nearly a dozen different structures . 
  it was to be the coda to a weekend that featured one of the most exhausting and fraught negotiations in a seemingly interminable crisis that has provided the eu 's sternest test . 
  after almost nine hours of fruitless discussions on saturday , a majority of eurozone finance ministers had reached a stark conclusion : grexit -- the exit of greece from the eurozone -- may be the least worst option left . 
  michel sapin , the french finance minister , suggested they just `` get it all out and tell one another the truth '' to blow off steam . 
  many in the room seized the opportunity with relish . 
  alexander stubb , the finnish finance minister , lashed out at the greeks for being unable to reform for half a century , according to two participants . 
  as recriminations flew , euclid tsakalotos , the greek finance minister , was oddly subdued . 
  the wrangling culminated when wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the german finance minister who has advocated a temporary grexit , told off mario draghi , european central bank chairman . 
  at one point , mr sch\u00e4uble , feeling he was being patronised , fumed at the ecb head that he was `` not an idiot '' . 
  the comment was one too many for eurogroup chairman jeroen dijsselbloem , who adjourned the meeting until the following morning . 
  `` it was extremely hard , violent even , '' said one participant . 
  failing to reach a full accord on saturday , the eurogroup handed the baton on sunday to the bloc 's heads of state to begin their own an all-night session .
