   streets in germany are almost exclusively named after people definitely not . 
  yeah , that quote never happened . 
  but nice try . 
  haha , sure , buddy :-d, 
  well , the `` millions of billions '' did n't just disappear . 
  they went into the economy , created jobs and intensified demand . 
  grand idea , in germany we could call it `` national socialist german workers ' party '', 
  yeah , it 's quite the risk for my precious karma points , butt fuck it . 
  a pedophile 's dream . 
  read the fucking article . 
  haha , the extreme right victim complex is just too funny :-d, 
  yeah , yeah . 
  even more . 
  migration background also extends to proper german citizens with non-german parents or grandparents . 
   at least 20 sri lankan refugees were aboard the c-star as the vessel approached famagusta , pasa told the guardian . 
  the sri lankans disembarked told authorities they had been trainees aboard the ship and were allowed to continue on their journey , but then changed their story at the airport where pasa and other activists met them . 
   `` some said they had paid $ 10,000 to smuggling rings to get on the ship and be taken to italy , '' she said . 
  `` five have since requested asylum . 
  the other 15 have now flown back to sri lanka . '' you ca n't make this up . 
  absolutely hillarious . 
  we will have much fun with the ( s ) alt-right . 
  [ they ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichsb%c3%bcrgerbewegung ) are a serious problem in germany though . 
  there 's not a single true point in your sentence . 
  respect !, 
  forgot the / s ? 
  this thread shows that sense of humour is a very good gauge for intelligence . 
  so , did it happen ? 
   and that 's `` only '' ~ 130 years old it was `` finished '' 130 years ago , but construction started on 15.08.1248 . 
  so parts of it are over 700 years old . 
  because it 's pompous as fuck . 
  remember erdogans palace he build for himself ? 
   this is england is my city level stupid . 
  read the fucking article . 
  so every cave is an air raid shelter ? 
  what makes it an air raid shelter and not a simple fucking stable ? 
  there are thousands of makeshift stables and storage rooms on malta caved into the soft rocks . 
   according to the police , the suspect is believed to be a bald man , around 190cm tall with an unkempt appearance . 
  he is in possession of volkwagen car with grindewald ( gr ) plates . 
  police have warned that the suspect is dangerous but have not stated he is armed . 
   on sunday , turkish prime minister binali yildirim condemned the attacks against the synagogues and said it was not the behavior of true muslims . 
  --  those behind the attacks are religious nationalists linked to the great union party ( bbp ) , an extreme right-wing party which is not officially affiliated with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan 's party but is ideologically linked to it . 
  what a shitty graph . 
  `` sicily is a place where every family has an emigration story , '' bianco said . 
  `` in recent years we have welcomed thousands of people fleeing from war and hunger , people who were saved from dying in the mediterranean by european vessels , and those who have lost one or more family members crossing the sea . 
  talking about ` defending europe ' is not just demagogic , it 's unworthy . '', 
   hypocracy english noun hypocracy misspelling of hypocrisy . 
  so , we should cross-breed with africans and asians . 
  because hips do n't lie . 
  ingredients are only a small factor when it comes to cost . 
  transport , infrastructure , corruption , security , laws and efficiency of the personell factor in way more heavily . 
  western europe is just decades ahead when it comes to making things cost efficient . 
  this is not about breaking grounds . 
  this is about slapping stupid bitches with facts . 
  jana pivo\u0148ka of the university of chemistry and technology said ** the test did not prove that higher quality products were sold in particular states ** in general terms . 
   how do i compare label from what i 've got here to the label you 've got over in germany ? 
  you do n't and why should you ? 
  compare it to competing products and buy the best one . 
  that 's how markets work . 
   often there 's no competing products to be bought . 
  then there 's an opportunity right there . 
  if it is possible to sell a better product at lower prices and make a profit , somebody will do it . 
  and if nobody does , well , then you have an indication that the local market is not suited for `` better '' products . 
  where do they claim that ? 
  correct . 
  take in more refugees and you will get better food . 
  damn entitled-feeling easteners . 
  seriously . 
   these companies need to be heavily fined . 
  why ? 
  goods have to contain what 's on the label . 
  if you do n't like it , buy something else . 
  also likely similar : * extreme right / neonazis * internet keyboard warriors / trumplets, 
  switzerland , wtf ? 
  yes , that 's exactly what the definition of communism is . 
  thank you !, 
  your intellect must be ginormous . 
   communism is still a ~ ~ terrible ~ ~ good idea that never works . 
  not immigrants . 
  propaganda never changes . 
   basically defeated one of the strongest political unions well , i would n't call the united kingdom defeated yet ... 
   ** russia ** has delivered electricity turbines made by germany 's siemens to crimea  reuters was unable to determine if siemens knew of or condoned the equipment transfer rtfa , you fuckers . 
   '' ... translated by breitbart , ... '' i wo n't believe one word in this article . 
  give me the original source article which was n't linked . 
   once you beat back the hordes of homeless people and beggars , well , you really sound like a complete asshole . 
   they will assume they are smarter than you , and tend to speak to you as such . 
  see , i think that they are simply correct . 
  staircases existed before wars existed ? 
  impressive !, 
   never in the history of eu there has been a terrorist attack commited by legaly owned gun . 
   perhaps they should have left them off or not gone at all ? 
  oh wow , you really are one of the biggest cunts on this sub . 
  fitting username . 
  `` serious debt '' is literally wrong . 
  no , gas and oil are irrelevant resources for producing electricity in germany . 
  they are used for industry and heating , both demands are not influenced by the nuclear exit . 
   then do n't waste my time . 
  you are on reddit !, 
  pahaha , yeah , sure . 
  nice sources , buddy ;-), 
  why does russia have a problem ?
