the statue will be repaired and then erected again . 
  no its not seen this way per se . 
  i know many servers who make more from tips than their regular wage because of taxes . 
  giving a large amount is often seen as showing off , though . 
  something that germans typically do n't like . 
  if you expect change from a 2,90 $ coffee and you give 3 $ , there is a reason . 
  you make a statement . 
  either the service was bad or the price is too high anyway . 
  as always , it may also be that the customer is an assholes or a cheapskate . 
  like the dgb . 
  just with less power and mandatory membership . 
  that 's a very is thing to say . 
  nazi germany used only the first verse of the deutschlandlied , followed by the horst wessel song . 
  germany uses all verses but the first , so there 's quite the difference . 
  also , the deutschlandlied was already used from 1922 onwards . 
  additionally , germany did n't even comment on hollande 's decision . 
  everybody in this thread is shitting on germany although nothing happened . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  germany did n't claim shit . 
  they did n't comment on hollande 's decision at all . 
  this is all a misleading farce . 
  directly from the article : `` alan had gone to syria to help get aid to people of all faiths in their hour of need . '', 
  '' registration is free , and only takes a moment . 
  once you 've registered , you can read up to three articles each week . '', 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  isis is not arabic , so it 's still completely irrelevant . 
  increasing electricity output by about 100twh while not using more fossil fuels . 
  additionally , becoming a world leader in renewable energy production . 
  definitely windy enough , but the coastal topography is completely different to the north sea . 
  the sea gets deeper much quicker so it 's harder to construct large offshore parks . 
  vattenfall are assholes , nothing new there . 
  do you have a source for your last statement ? 
  considering all subsidies , tax breaks , transport costs and costs for long term storage of spent materials , nuclear is by far the most expensive energy production we have in germany . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  germany pays so much because coal and nuclear are heavily subsidized : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/geld/studie-zu-energiekosten-das-maerchen-vom-teuren-oekostrom-1.1515904, 
  also , many germans near the belgian border move to the german speaking communities for tax reasons . 
  do n't know if it 's the same at the french/nl border though . 
  it clearly falls under the law . 
  it 's just so pitiful that it costs society more if a whole lawsuit gets rolled out . 
  it 's the same with weed for example . 
  if you get busted with 5grams , you get no trial most of the time , especially if it 's your first time . 
  nevertheless , it 's completely illegal . 
  sentences are decided by case . 
  it 's very likely that the judge would just call you a pathetic idiot without any potential for harm . 
  slap on the wrist , do n't do it again . 
  if you actively recruit people or spout hate speech , things may get ugly . 
  sometimes living in the eu is so fucking satisfactory . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  fossil electricity production stayed about the same while total production rose and nuclear was reduced . 
  most of the world 's nuclear plants are built by german firms . 
  where the fuck did you get that from ? 
  germany is a net electricity exporter . 
  from my link : `` there are three budgets that come under common funding arrangements : the civil budget ; the military budget , and the nato security investment programme . '', 
  germany is second concerning common funding . 
  because that 's von der leyen 's argument . 
  germany is so economically powerful that they are the second largest spender in the nato even if it 's just 1.4 % gdp for defense . 
  germany spends less for the military but supports nato more in other areas because it 's a pacifistic country . 
  did you read the article at all ? 
  or only the first couple of buzzwords ? 
  she was n't talking about the military but about the common budget . 
  inform yourself here : http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/topics_67655.htm then open the pdf on the bottom of the page . 
  germany is 2nd largest contributor . 
  yeah , you 're right , it would have been a better form . 
  on the other hand , barroso told other politicians about the conversation , some of these talked to `` la republicca '' , which then released the quote . 
  maybe barroso did n't think that it was his duty to comment on things he did n't officially say . 
  why admits ? 
  it was a certain press which relayed the quote out of context . 
  other news agencies quickly clarified that it was out of context . 
  well , there ist the thing with the largest population , which grants the most seats in the parliament . 
  `` the 2013 best survey of customer satisfaction with public transportation services placed helsinki ahead of other providers in geneva , copenhagen , oslo , stockholm and vienna . '', 
  hardly europe . 
  pretty sensationalistic . 
  russians love german cars . 
  the wealthy populace wo n't like this . 
  well , we have this : http://img24.imageshack.us/img24/8264/p1030635kopie2054535.jpg, 
  `` nevertheless , other european countries such as germany have expressed sympathy with cameron 's concerns , ... '' erm , the wohle country ? 
  which party ? 
  which politician ? 
  the animations and choice of pictures were very good . 
  it got me pumped and i do n't even care about the conflict . 
  wow , this ` article ' has two whole sentences !, 
  she is the figurehead of the far left party ` die linke ' . 
  she did n't risk anything , it was her job to say these things . 
  daily mail , be advised . 
  you mean the 27 citizens of new zealand ? 
  could you provide a source for the confirmation that this was an air strike ? 
  did n't know about that , thanks for the interesting link . 
  exactly . 
  it 's german efficiency . 
  get your shit together , rest of europe !, 
  you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  holy crap , that piece is biased . 
  * allegedly, 
  `` a german survey of investment professionals '' eh , not the group of people whose opinion i value . 
  not surprising that the least optimistic ountries are these with home-made economic problems : * spain * cyprus * france * portugal * italy * greece always looking for a scapegoat . 
  exceptions are the uk ( of course ) and strangely , austria . 
  exacltly . 
  notice the word `` total '' in the map legend . 
  looks good , thanks . 
  sorry , i could n't find the linked graph in this document .
