   rome and the vatican are the main declared targets are they ? 
  never heard of this before ... 
   a meaningless term . 
  at it 's weakest it means get your head straight , man . 
  if you want to argue , make sure you know how words work . 
   yes remember kids . 
  if you defeat your enemies , they win . 
  i really think that you lack the mental resources to understand this complex topic . 
   i hear these `` it 's what they want '' time and time again it 's right in the article !, 
   it also really does make the word `` islamaphobia '' almost completely meaningless . 
  on the contrary . 
  creating prejudices , mistrust and hatred towards all muslims without any differenciation is their goal and for many people , they succeeded . 
  islamaophobia is widespread and everytime somebody talks about worsening the treatmant of all muslims because of salafi attacks or demand apologies from muslims for salafi attacks , they win . 
  again and again . 
  their self-proclaimed worst enemies are their best accomplices . 
  associations : - alitalia - campsite - hsv raute, 
  in june 2016 , a 500-page united nations human rights council report accused eritrea 's government of extrajudicial executions , torture , indefinitely prolonged national service and forced labour , and indicated that sexual harassment , rape and sexual servitude by state officials are also widespread . 
   non-conformists l\u00f6l, 
  on the contrary , if there are so many and everyone has `` diversity propaganda '' it should be no work at all to cite some prime examples . 
  then stop embarassing yourself on the internet . 
  enjoy your life . 
   all the pro-refugee propaganda then source it , bigmouth . 
  so you 've become a paranoid nationalist ? 
  so , what else happened in your life ? 
  have you finished a good education ? 
  do you have a nice job ? 
  girlfriend ? 
  wife ? 
  kids ? 
  inelligent , happy circle of friends ? 
  thought so . 
  just another loser . 
  haha , the low wage troll strikes again :-d, 
   valid criticisms #lel, 
  of course . 
  the core of europe is stable . 
  some border regions with archaic opinions ( british empire / eastern-european authoritarism ) are the problem . 
   europe remains fragmented as ever internet forums remain like this . 
  the real world is different . 
   pushed really hard by our german friends yeah , of course , somehow germoney is the culprit . 
  because british politicians do as sch\u00e4uble says :-d pathetic . 
  look at the top graph for a real wage development of the last 15 years : http://funktionalestaatsfinanzen.blogspot.de/2015/02/realllohne-in-griechenland-deutschland.html, 
  if i claim that you have a tiny dick , is it your job to provide proof that you have n't ? 
   everyone here in germany gets same money for years now . 
  no growth at all haha , what a load of bullcrap :-d, 
  i think you have too many opinions on things you know nothing about . 
  `` lithuania , kazakhstan , belarus , poland and latvia : these are the five european nations with the highest number of suicides , with all more than 21 suicides per 100,000 people . `` i think it 's more about ee than about europe as a whole . 
   it takes little imagination to imagine ... bla bla blub . 
  does n't sound furious at all . 
  quite reasonable and according to the present law . 
   the european commission is furious source ? 
  mmmmh , how i enjoy these salty nationalistic tears :-), 
  exactly . 
  most people are too mentally challenged to understand that anecdotes are not arguments . 
   being denied benefits and housing in favor of migrants [ citation needed ], 
  that 's how it is . 
  way less than 1 % of ukranian immigrants are given refugee status . 
  most of them get temporary work visas because their economy is in the shitter . 
  they are not refugees but economic migrants which fuel the pool of low-wage workers . 
   well , i know that i will get massive downvotes for that this alone is an auto-downvote trigger for many people . 
  and righly so . 
  did the german state limit free speech in cologne ? 
   although one has to be a special kind of retarded to work and fight for something that would oppress you if it had the chance . 
  fits perfectly to voters of extreme right-wing parties / trump . 
  yeah . 
  shame about the motorbikes . 
  this could have been a fucking awesome picture . 
  yes , literally . 
  yeah , lecture me in #rassenlehre , it makes me so hard . 
  no , but it 's okay if you deliver an adapter . 
  even the lazy eastern europeans improved performance under eu rule . 
  should be no problem then . 
  http://berberinfo.blogsport.de/chronik-obdachloser-opfer/ search for `` nazi '' or `` skinhead '' . 
   libtardness aah , there we go . 
  nice one . 
  thanks . 
   he 's 21 apparently you do n't know shit about the german judicial system . 
  so why comment ? 
   made absolutely no mention of race in their comment do n't play stupid . 
  neonazis attacking homeless people happens pretty regularly in germmany . 
  ** who **, 
  it was a fucked-up time : in the first round on 13 march , hitler had polled over 11 million votes but was still behind hindenburg . 
  the second and final round took place on 10 april : hitler ( 36.8 % 13,418,547 ) lost out to paul von hindenburg ( 53.0 % 19,359,983 ) whilst kpd candidate th\u00e4lmann gained a meagre percentage of the vote ( 10.2 % 3,706,759 ) . 
  at this time , the nazi party had just over 800,000 card-carrying members . 
  three days after the presidential elections , the german government banned the nsdap paramilitaries , the sa and the ss , on the basis of the emergency decree for the preservation of state authority . 
  [ 54 ] [ 55 ] this action was largely prompted by details that emerged at a trial of sa men for assaulting unarmed jews in berlin . 
  after less than a month the law was repealed by franz von papen , chancellor of germany , on 30 may . 
  such ambivalence about the fate of jews was supported by the culture of anti-semitism that pervaded the german public at the time . 
  dwarfed by hitler 's electoral gains , the kpd turned away from legal means and increasingly towards violence . 
  one resulting battle in silesia resulted in the army being dispatched , each shot sending germany further into a potential all-out civil war . 
  by this time both sides marched into each other 's strongholds hoping to spark rivalry . 
  hermann g\u00f6ring , as speaker of the reichstag , asked the papen government to prosecute shooters . 
  laws were then passed which made political violence a capital crime . 
  the attacks continued , and reached fever pitch when sa storm leader axel schaffeld was assassinated . 
  at the end of july 1932 , the nazi party gained 13,745,000 votes ( 37.3 % ) , securing 230 out of 608 seats in the reichstag . 
  energised by the incredible results , hitler asked to be made chancellor . 
  papen offered the position of vice chancellor , but hitler refused . 
  hermann g\u00f6ring , in his position of reichstag president , asked that decisive measures be taken by the government over the spate in murders of national socialists . 
  on 9 august , amendments were made to the reichstrafgesetzbuch statute on ` acts of political violence ' , increasing the penalty to ` lifetime imprisonment , 20 years hard labour or death ' . 
  special courts were announced to try such offences .
