made me realize that reddit is not irl . 
  exactly that . 
  outside of reddit few people go on about us healthcare or gun control , etc. 
  they are n't the first things the average person would think of , but they get brought up all the time on here . 
  i guess it might play into it more if we 're talking about moving permanently , but just to stay for a while like you said ? 
  i would be excited to do that . 
  i disagree . 
  for all the us ' flaws that get brought up there is probably still something quite alluring about it . 
  maybe it 's trying something completely different , or wanting the one you ca n't have , i do n't know but i think it would be a fairly popular choice . 
  i never understood it either , there was never a shortage of good looking women where i live . 
  but then i found out my county is either the first or second least overweight in the uk , and so i realized maybe i 'm not seeing the full picture . . 
  a lot of it is just making conversation , small talk . 
  do n't get me wrong though , there are some who are genuinely negative , they are the same type who sit waiting to complain to the papers that something offended them . 
  i 'd like to add that we are taking refugees in our own way though , from camps on the syrian border . 
  do n't want people thinking we 're just sticking two fingers up and laughing . 
  could you not find something a bit more up to date to get back at him with ? 
  bringing up the war is just embarrassing . 
  considering we were being cunts with our empire at the same time i 'd say it 's in all our interests to let go of that . 
   you still hav n't answered as to what the uk has done in syria ? 
  and he probably never will . 
  there are people like him on here who try to conflate the whole of the region and the conflicts within in together so they can lay blame on us , or the us . 
  then when you ask them to actually elaborate , to actually make a concise argument and explain what the connection is they stop responding . 
  that 's not true . 
   [ the resolution formed the legal basis for military intervention in the libyan civil war , demanding `` an immediate ceasefire '' and authorizing the international community to establish a no-fly zone and to use all means necessary short of foreign occupation to protect civilians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1973 ) the no fly zone was just a part of it . 
  false . 
  the 187 number is solely from the vulnerable persons program . 
  the uk has taken in thousands in total , not sure the exact number . . 
  it 's still under ten thousand i think , so very unimpressive , but the various 3 digit numbers people are spreading around are incorrect . 
  libya had un backing . 
  i suspect leaders would want it for invading syria as well , after the iraq mess . 
  people still try to perform citizens arrests on tony blair , there is even a prize fund set up for those who attempt . 
  the `` propaganda '' of the bbc is vastly overstated . 
  a lot of the examples people give , including the hungary railway incident , could have reasonable explanations behind them . 
  the bbc is far from the establishment propaganda tool , there are a whole host of right wing newspapers who are more eligible to claim that title . 
  i ca n't see any way he can call it off , there are a lot of eurosceptics who would be very angry . 
  i want to stay in the eu , but even i would be horrified if he called it off because it looked like he would n't get the result he wanted . 
  he has supported assad for years , russia sells them billions in arms , have a naval base there , they also block all un resolutions against syria . . 
  it 's not hard to see why a man in his position would get involved to help an ally try and win a civil war , after all they probably thought it would be over by now . 
  interesting perspective , thanks for sharing . 
  there is no civil war in eritrea . 
  three in the last day to be fair , including one which you were all over the comments section calling us disgusting racists in . 
  edit : 11 links in the last month . 
  actually we kind of do . 
  the cunts at wal mart own asda in the uk and decided to make black friday a thing here , other shops have since joined in . 
  there are videos of people scrambling and fighting for toasters etc , same shit as in the us . 
  you realize her career is based on making comments that everyone finds appaling ? 
  it 's her gimmick . 
  she is not in there because people agree with her , she is in there because people love to get angry and hate on her . 
  so a few of the kids/teens got grabby and ruined it , hardly a damning indictment on the hundred or so sitting and minding their business . 
  the worst bit about this video is that the boy who came up quietly from the left at 0:04 did n't get anything . 
  if you ca n't understand my point that a bordering country is of course going to have enormous amounts more refugees than anywhere else on account of proximity then there 's no point discussing this . 
  the countries with the most syrian refugees as of today are turkey , lebanon and jordan , are we to believe these places are the most altruistic of all nations ? 
  no , they are simply all bordering countries that are within reach . 
  they have taken 20 % of their population because they turned up on their doorstep , claimed asylum and can not be turned away . 
  a more reasonable comparison would be between the uk and other european countries . 
   25k is n't even a spec of dust . 
  thanks for again reiterating something i never argued with . 
  you 're comparing an island country in europe to one that shares a huge border with syria , of course there are more refugees in a country within spitting distance . 
  one you have to find a way to apply to , the other you can run to . 
  i 'm not saying we have enough , but that comparison is n't reasonable . 
  do n't blame you , it 's a confusing situation . 
  they did n't go through with it , it all seemed to die down after parliament rejected the uk 's involvement , before that everyone ( cameron and hague especially ) was trying to stampede ahead . 
  oh , no doubt . 
  i 'm sure that any intelligence service worth their salt would have been aware of the activities of some politicians for a long time . 
   intervened in an attempt to topple assad , in the hope that the rebels would then create a new democratic state . 
   neither of these happened i 'm not necessarily disagreeing with your post , but it 's strange to include syria in this way since assad has n't been toppled and the civil war is ongoing . 
  as well as the fact that the us is n't targeting assad , they are targeting isis forces within syria 's borders . 
   germany is reportedly interested in moving closer to the inner circle of the alliance . 
  an internal gchq document from 2009 said that the `` germans were a little grumpy at not being invited to join the 9-eyes group . '', 
  germany may even wish to join the five eyes . 
   the nine eyes consist of the five eyes plus denmark , france , the netherlands and norway  the fourteen eyes consist of the nine eyes plus germany , belgium , italy , spain and sweden . 
  [ 63 ] [ 64 ] according to a document leaked by edward snowden i do n't even know what the last bit of your comment is meant to imply or convey , so i 'll leave it . 
   seriously just check facebook 's comment sections , everyone 's and expert on everything . 
  surely this is n't unique to us ? 
   my point is that the british public knew what blair did but re-elected him . 
  therefore we ca n't shirk responsibility cant stand this argument because you neglect to mention that under fptp we have fuck all alternative . 
  in a minute someone will be telling us off for having tories in charge saying `` you voted for them '' and it goes on ad nauseum . 
  so the uk sends a few dozen military trainers based in turkey and suddenly we 're responsible for the civil war ? 
  why did you leave out all the positive comments ? 
  really ? 
  i 've found that most people lack an opinion on obama either way . 
  as opposed to bush , who was disliked by all . 
  got any examples ? 
  the `` lapdog '' stereotype was pretty accurate when blair was riding bush 's dick , but the relationship seems a lot more distant these days . 
  probably so he could pull in views from both sides of the atlantic . 
  you learnt from the best . 
   and the one they have to rely on should anything actually happen . 
  which it has n't , so why do people like you go on as if you 're owed something ? 
   anti-islamic extremism and hatred for islam is expectedly high in britain considering what happened to them in july 2004 . 
  july 2004 , never forget . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  [ a lot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_holocaust_memorials_and_museums ) of countries do . 
  i do n't think he was making a joke . 
  what is the deal anyway , does that photo really bother you ? 
  nobody there looks very offended , they just look like they 're happy to be able to cool down while waiting to get in . 
  i find that funny coming from a mod of r/atheism of all places . 
  you can say that about any part of reddit . 
  the ussr was not allied with anyone at the time . 
  they had a pact with germany , which germany later broke and invaded them , resulting in the ussr * then * finding western allies . 
  the australian guy initially said that `` britain is responsible for hundreds of millions of deaths in the 20th century '' or something like that .
