its not ignorance , most of us are aware of what goes on up there . 
  however , its not our problem . 
  its up to the people in the north to sort out their shit between themselves . 
  ah waterford city , as we say in wit , its a long walk to it and a short walk through it . 
  its not a bad place , its just unfortunate that there was a tv3 program about one of the shittiest estate, 
  removing articles 2 and 3 were a big change to how we viewed our relationship with the north . 
  up north there are still issues , parades being the most obvious , the violence is less ideological and more a case of criminal gangs who organise themselves along the old sectarian divide . 
  down south most of us , with the exception of a few doddery old bastards , dont really give a fuck . 
  as far as we are concerned the gfa and subsequent referendum was us telling the north to fuck off and sort their shit out by themselves . 
  that said , cross border shopping has its advantages and derry is a great spot for a drinkin sesh, 
  nah , everything is totally fine on our island , 
  really , that actually surprises me , should we worry when the mrlp has the basis of a reasonably sound economic policy in their manifesto, 
  well this has confirmed the accuracy of satw 's depiction of finland , silent knifewielding man in a beanie hat . 
  bit unfair on the raptors to lump them in with that lot, 
  the astronomer is n't conceited enough to believe he can predict exactly where and when planets will form , thats a major difference . 
  no , the field hasnt changed , the attitudes of those with a vested interest in it has however , they crave legitimacy and have attempted to bastardise the word science by attaching it to their bullshit philosophy, 
  yeah , if you count leaving cert economics as a course . 
  back then tho it wasnt masquerading as a science , it was a simple study of macro and micro interactions with a lot of emphasis on how it wasnt some magic crystal ball but a good method of examining what had happened and why . 
  our teacher was very clear that anyone trying to use it to predict future events ws as likely to get as good a result from a gypsy fortune telle with a copy of the ft, 
  so basicly handwaving and guesswork, 
  economics is not a science , its the application of hindsight and guesswork , if it were an actual science that would be fantastic , it would mean that we could accuratley model the outcomes of events , and avoid things like recessions and bubbles , but seeing as people cant do that i find it hard to take anyone claiming it as one seriously . 
  well , i know a bit about science , i study physics . 
  for example if i take a cigarette packet out of my pocket and drop it on the floor i can tell you with a relative degree of certainty what velocity it will impact at , how long it will take to fall and the kinetic energy of that impact . 
  i can repeat the process a thousand times ant the results will be consistently within the same range . 
  furthermore if you have a packet of cigarettes the experiment is replicable at your end , allowing for local variations in gravity etc we should get simmilar results . 
  now can you do the same with economics ? 
  the economics prize is not a nobel prize , it is not endowed by the same organisation . 
  its some bullshit devised by a swedish bank which co opted the name , they get away with it by paying the actual nobel foundation for the use of the name after soe bullshit court case ruled in favour of the cashed up bankers . 
  stop perpetuating the lie , it give unwarranted legitimacy to the charlatans who claim economics is a science . 
  bit rich to be citing imagined slights perpetrated under the eu flag , an organisation founded and dedicatedto the cause of peace , harmony and progress in europe , while your flair is the symbol of a violent colonial agressor which occupied and subjugated many nations with ruthless brutality . 
  how would they phrase the question , the welsh and cornish are the original british people , the english are the interlopers . 
  wales , i 'm irish the welsh are culturally close to us , the atmosphere is similar to home . 
  a bunch of muppets wandering the streets in uniform , trying to impose their twisted ideology by intimidation and force . 
  yeah i cant really see the germans tolerating that shit again, 
  mud , frost , debilitating cold , limited operating times , everything becomes orders of magnitude more difficult in winter . 
  fancy machines break , clothes wear and tear , but most of all moralle evaporates quickly when men are cold . 
  he should be told in no uncertain terms to - fuck right off with himself . 
  also people seem to be overlooking the illegal annexation of crimea . 
  i expect putin to get more and more brazen in the next few months , winter is coming , this means 2 things , eastern europe must appease russia or risk loss of gazprom supplies europe has surely learned by now not to attack russia in the winter . 
  if another war breaks out on the continenti think ireland will become very important to the war effort , we may not have a large army , but we do have an extremely efficient agricultural sector . 
  this is yet another fine example of hasbra whataboutery , attempting to make broad sweeping generalisations about the entire population of europe based on the actions of a small group of legitimate protesters and a supermarkets misguided kneejerk response . 
  of particular interest is the attempt to make a correlation between people calling for a boycot on israeli goods and people recruiting for is . 
  ireland has 2 newgrange , a neolithic structure which predates the pyramids the skelligs , an early christian monastery where they are currently filming star wars . 
  did one of those soldiers have a british flag insignia on his uniform ? 
  is that a riviera ? 
  well i can explain ireland fairly easily , up until 2008 we were taxed on engine capacity , with the vast majority of cars on the road being 1.4 petrols , then we moved to taxing carbon emissions and the vast bulk of new cars sold are 1.6 turbo diesels . 
  obviously this is a simplification , but i think the number of 1.0 l city cars ans 2.0 l diesels pre 08 would balance each othe out, 
  well , taking things to their logical progression , if the kurds continue to drive daesh out of their territories a lot of their fighters will qualify as refugees, 
  rubin and schwanitz oh yeah , i bet those guy are totally objective about the middle east, 
  actual functional castle , monastery , ruin or towerhouse ? 
  ah but if we ignore it how will you verify your test, 
  no surprises there , we have known that the ` separatists ' have been building up troop numbers over the last weeks , and mariupol is the next logical choice to be ` liberated ' from evil ukraine and brought into the freedom loving and totally democratic rusosphere . 
  protip , invest in airbnb if you live in the area , there should be an increase in holidaying russian servicemen shortly, 
  i wouldnt have a problem with him if he simply acknowledged palestines right to exist . 
  thats the bit that gets me , its a simple thing . 
  ah got ta have some love for beauchamp bagenal harvey https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bagenal_harvey and of course napper tandy, 
  well not all of them , but you , and some of the other posters on this thread , yeah , you come across as a bit cunty, 
  a very measured and british response , should i have expected more from cunts like ye, 
  what response would you expect to an invasion and occupation ? 
  fucking typical english attitude , they had no problems deploying troops in northern ireland and murdering hundreds of people . 
  i 'd add intermission the barrytown trilogy accelerator, 
  oh , come out ye black and tans come out and fight me like a man show your wife how you won medals down in flanders tell her how the ira made you run like hell away , from the green and lovely lanes in killeshandra . 
  come tell us how you slew them ol' arabs two by two like the zulus they had spears and bows and arrows , how you bravely faced each one with your sixteen pounder gun and you frightened them damn natives to their marrow . 
  i was a bit put out by the quiz that came after voting , very odd questions about economics , subjective questions with neocon answers i voted for the one with the people dancing around the flag, 
  correction , 2 strange small islands, 
  thats twice you 've used ` lol ' which suggest to me that you are incapable of rational debate . 
  the point i was making originally is that europe and the usa have a very different set of values , we have a history of socialism with forward thinking policies ye have a history of egocentric greed , and rather backwards politicians . 
  now i will politely request that you fuck off from a discussion about europe, 
  strange , your saying that those rights havent been eroded by parasitic corporate interests and ignored by the government they paid for . 
  switzerland is not an eu member , although their healthcare system requires insurance it is geared toward patient care over corporate profit the poorest in germany get about 400 euro a month + housing allowance + free healthcare + education and training schemes , so yeah , real third world poverty stuff most people here in europe attend third level education for free , going to one of our many world class universities will not place you in crippling debt , and mybe one day your political system will only be as corrupt as some of our worst examples we have a border with some eurosceptics so schengen would be a bit awkward until they cop on as for fiscal reform , well , fair enough aslong as corporations want to avail of our generous tax system , we 'll keep taking tneir money , no one is breaking any laws . 
  but i digress , i should know my place , ra ra ra america greatest place on earth ... its so enlightening when they grace r/europe witn their benevolent wisdom, 
  it means a system of government where the social advances of the last 50 years are maintained and enshrined in any new federal europe basic stuff , like universal healthcare , free education , decent welfare , equal rights for all , freedom of movement , a right to privacy ... ya know , the sort of things that we take for granted , but people who wish to emulate the american system seem to want to take thes basic rights and replace them with the fucked up mess currently on display in ` murika . 
  whenever i read a statement like this the first thing i ask is what does this person/organisation stand to gain by pushing this agenda . 
  in this case its fairly simple . 
  however we do need closer eu integration , just not quite the version these parasites have in mind , a more socialist centred unified approach is what europe requires, 
  thats a mighty fine tractor in the last picture , massey is classy , but zetor is better, 
  trump is an american , he 's also an asshole , but he is an american asshole . 
  same way obama is an american , or eddie murphy , or lucy liu , or any of the other 300 + million americans . 
  they are all products of their environment , raised the american way . 
  well i 'm irish , so as far as i 'm concerned they are all brits . 
  she 's not really asian though , she is british , born and raised in england , with a very conservative english outlook . 
  this notion of skincolour determining everything is a decidedly american concept . 
  or alternatley work productivley in your home country save enough money to support your retirement retire to anywhere you feel like within the eu now try to do that in switzerland, 
  most eu passports now have rfid chips , you scan your ticket to get on the train so how much longer would it take to scan a second document, 
  i dont see what the problem is , the idea of open borders is free movement within the union for all citizens , its not unreasonable to ask people to prove they are citizens, 
  serious answer pharmaceutical sciences and biomedical engineering reddit qnswer addiction studies, 
  yeah , but the difference lies in the cities , yours are bigger , and have a lot of apartments/flats , that will skew the figures, 
  i wouldnt think so , we dont have the density of population which necessitates high rises like ye . 
  most of our uban sprawl is semi detached estates . 
  i am getting sick of the sense of entitlement displayed by thes pricks , its time to start defending europe 's borders properly . 
  turn back any boat which does not have correvt permits . 
  sink any boat which refuses to stop and identify itself . 
  refuse admission at the borders for anyone without a visa shoot to kill policy for any and all illegal incursions . 
  or ya know we could just sit back and watch our union disintegrate under the strain of these welfare shoppers, 
  its odd , i completley agree with the author in regards the rot and corruption which is destroying the eu , however i simply cant see how england ( and lets be honest here its not scotland , wales or ni that want out ) could view it as beneficial to leave , they still have to deal with the rest of us , their export products must still meet eu standards , their fate is intrinsicly linked to ours , but they lose the opportunity to effect any real change in the system . 
  seems a bit daft, 
  nope , english is our official language, 
  screw you , you church desecrating goat fucker, 
  they have to completely withdraw from cyprus first , anything elsewould validate their invasion . 
  then return the sancta sofia .
