  if a man conceived it , then it means he has to face the consequences . 
  reproduction is the consexuence of sexual intercourse and if it 's voluntary then it means that both parents decided to risk the fertilisation . 
  the woman is n't killing the child , she 's removing it 's ability to impact her body . 
  it results in the death of the fetus , much like my refusing to donate a kidney to you in your time of need might result in your death . 
  you have no right to my kidney and the unborn child has no right to the woman 's body , whether she had sex or not . 
  consenting to sex is not consenting to having a child , we have the technology to separate the two so we do . 
  that 's like saying we should n't have seat belts because getting in a car is consenting to the risk of an accident . 
  yeah i know , but they 're biased a lot more in that direction . 
  i can see the argument for it , it makes a lot of sense , but this is one of the few areas where i think my country absolutely has it right and europe has it a little less right . 
  when you start talking about police having the ability to ` interpret ' what speech should be allowed and what exactly is needed to control ` public order ' , i get very nervous . 
  this is not an issue where there is a clear right or wrong answer , in either direction you make sacrifices in order to see certain benefits , or hedge against negative outcomes , but i personally prefer the approach that is heavily biased towards individual rights vs. authority figures having the freedom to decide . 
  not the hugest fan of slate but [ here ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2015/11/donald_trump_is_a_fascist_it_is_the_political_label_that_best_describes.html ) you go . 
  essentially , he 's already made remarks talking about closing mosques and forced registration of muslims . 
  this article also rightly points out that it 's hard to identify any single policy issue as ` fascist ' because there 's little agreement on the exact definition of fascism , but of the more commonly agreed upon characteristics , the following can be said to apply to trump :  a cult of `` action for action 's sake , '' where `` thinking is a form of emasculation '' ; an intolerance of `` analytical criticism , '' where disagreement is condemned ; a profound `` fear of difference , '' where leaders appeal against `` intruders '' ; appeals to individual and social frustration and specifically a `` frustrated middle class '' suffering from `` feelings of political humiliation and frightened by the pressure of lower social groups '' ; a nationalist identity set against internal and external enemies ( an `` obsession with a plot '' ) ; a feeling of humiliation by the `` ostentatious wealth and force of their enemies '' ; a `` popular elitism '' where `` every citizen belongs to the best people of the world '' and underscored by contempt for the weak ; and a celebration of aggressive ( and often violent ) masculinity . 
  it 's not about guns and danger , they are n't thrill seekers , they 're true believers . 
  they probably felt something in their lives was lacking , went searching for a purpose , and fell down the wrong rabbit whole into this ideology . 
  some people do n't want a normal life , they want meaning , an epic story , drama . 
  a cs degree and a middle class life does n't really provide these things , it 's still on you to find the meaning in your life , which many people struggle with . 
  that 's what a lot of militaries sell with their propaganda ; a story in which you 're the hero . 
  she rose to the top because she was talented , despite her vagina and tits . 
  a single female being a world leader of a first world nation does n't mean shit when women make up half the damn population . 
  just look at the raw numbers when it comes to women in power , and women at the top of the corporate ladder ; all else being equal having tits and a vagina is pretty bad for your outlook . 
  all that said , i have some serious bones of contention with modern feminism , to the point where i would n't identify myself as one despite sharing the vast majority of their ideology . 
  do n't give me that line about it being defined as a belief in equality between the sexes , first and foremost it is a movement than promotes an agenda beneficial to women while supporting and affirming the voices of women . 
  that 's a good thing , very necessary in the modern world in my opinion , but it is not an arena in which men can voice their concerns and expect fair discussion . 
  there 's a lot of misandry that simply does not get called out by other feminists and a lot of inherent bias based purely on the source of ideas rather than the idea itself . 
  the article is wrong . 
  he was never sentenced twice for this crime , why would he flee from a * sentencing hearing * if he had already been sentenced ? 
  why would they even have such a hearing ? 
  you can criticize our judicial system for being cruel , inhumane , inefficient , and downright inept at prosecuting rich people in many cases , but that quote is simply wrong . 
  as has been pointed out before , he was never prosecuted twice or sentenced twice for this crime . 
  he was never sentenced at all and simply used his resources as a rich and famous person to flee justice . 
  you keep re-posting information that is simply factually incorrect . 
   it was a success for the goals nafta aspired to achieve . 
  you seem to want to pretend that was n't the case and insist it should have been focused on fixing your pet issue which is really a strawman when you should know those jobs were dead in a few years anyway . 
  what goals are you talking about here ? 
  also , i do n't believe the claim that the jobs will be lost eventually anyway is a good argument for getting rid of them right now . 
  that is still a decade ( ish ) of good income that those workers lost . 
   `` hey , everyone should pay more so a few people can keep their jobs . '', 
  that is literally sticking your head in the stand and ignoring progress . 
   you are not willing to accept that buying cheaper goods from canada & mexico also benefits the us as a whole . 
  source your claim . 
  i have seen plenty of data supporting a * negligible * increase to the gdp , i have seen zero data supporting the claim that nafta had a positive affect on median income or real purchasing power for the median person . 
  i do n't really care if it made the rich slightly richer . 
   all that does is slow economic growth and weaken the sectors that the us will succeed at in the long term . 
  low tech manufacturing is literally the only thing the us loses in these agreements . 
  the rest of the economy is what matters given those jobs are dead anyway . 
  we are all dead eventually . 
  i reject the argument that the inevitability of a thing means we should act like it has already happened . 
  the rest of what you posted here is pure opinion . 
   you ca n't study median income the way you want to . 
  median income does n't exist in a vacuum and you are confusing income with value . 
   if i can spend $ 10 and get $ 12 worth of goods , its just as good as my income going up to $ 12 and buying $ 12 worth of goods . 
  you do know that this is a stat that can be studied , right ? 
  when i talk about nafta 's affects on purchasing power , this is specifically what i 'm interested in learning about . 
  since you seem to be implying that nafta and/or free trade would actually increase the purchasing power of a median person , i would like you to source your claim and provide a study that supports it . 
  i do n't think you can . 
   similarly , if you attempt to `` study '' it based on nafta its basically pointless since real wages have stagnated in the us since 1979 . 
  i get you want to believe this is n't the case and its the fault of nafta or whatever but the reality is ... once you hit the top , you kinda do n't go further until you drag the rest of the world with you . 
  if you ca n't support your argument that nafta did anything good , why do you continue to assume that it was good ? 
  i have seen no proof that nafta provided real benefit to middle class americans , until i do see that proof i 'll continue to be skeptical of free trade deals like it . 
   the us did n't used to be on top which is why there was such an acceleration for so long that people look back and think about the `` good old days '' . 
  yeah , well , that effect stopped ~ 40 years ago when europe & japan fully recovered from ww2 . 
  this is a discussion about the isolated consequences of nafta and free trade agreements . 
  so long as it is possible to isolate those effects , it does n't really matter how the economy responded to externalities because we are n't arguing about the economy as a whole . 
  we are talking about nafta , specifically . 
  your first red herring was robotics , this is just another one . 
  i was talking about nafta specifically , not automation . 
  i responded to your other post . 
   the problem is these jobs , frankly , are cheaper to automate and have only a few techs to run the factory instead of the labor intensive industry it used to be . 
  machines are cheaper than american labor and that is the factor you are gleefully ignoring because you want a political solution that brings back jobs . 
  please point out a single post where i advocated bringing the jobs back . 
  i 'm simply criticizing the common perception that nafta was a great success . 
  i 'm not a proponent of sticking our heads in the sand and ignoring progress , i do however take issue with the argument that ' x jobs are going away in the long run so we should just ship them overseas now ' . 
  the longer those jobs are kept in the us , the more income goes to us workers ; if science eventually makes them obsolete , then so be it . 
  in my mind this :  this is n't some `` future '' , by ultimately i meant when nafta was signed in 1993 , you might have been able to save us manufacturing for a decade . 
  by 2003 , the same trend would have happened and they 'd have been replaced with machines . 
  would quite possibly have been a better outcome than what we got , and given that nafta is the closest proxy we have to the tpp , i do n't view it as reflecting positively on the tpp . 
  your entire post is about robot manufacturing and does n't address in the slightest my questions about nafta 's specific effects on median income . 
  yes , jobs are going away anyway due to progress , that does n't mean it 's impossible to try and study the effects free trade has on the economy . 
  free trade agreements are what i am skeptical of , not ` robots ' , and i 'm not sure why you 're so interested in conflating the two . 
  gdp per capita is not median income . 
  the essential thesis of my first post was that gains from free trade are concentrated in the hands of the rich . 
  i also lean towards the argument that the downsides of free trade are felt by the working class . 
  given those two statements , how do facts about average income really matter ? 
  if bill gates made an extra $ 50 billion this year , would that increase in average household income really translate to you ? 
  no , it would n't . 
  i would like to see a study that isolates nafta 's impact on median income and real purchasing power . 
  i have not yet seen that study but i strongly suspect it would n't be positive . 
  no , i said :  gdp growth from trade agreements is all well and good , but the trade off between economic optimization and job losses always seems to benefit the rich . 
  what good is stock market growth to most people ? 
  how will the free trade deal affect median family income ? 
  these are the questions i actually care about . 
  i later stated that it was my explicit * opinion * that they created lower paying jobs that did n't really positively impact median purchasing power . 
  i said this because as far as i can tell free trade leads to negligible economic benefits but the question i really care about is what happens to median income . 
  that is the statement you originally took issue with . 
  i 've provided some sources on my stance that nafta 's positive impact was negligible . 
  i ca n't provide data on it 's effect on median income because those studies to my knowledge have n't been done , thus my saying :  these are the questions i actually care about . 
  you are the one trying to move goal posts and you still have n't sourced anything . 
   how do you plan to retire w/o investments ?
