that 's not true . 
  clinton 's campaign website has tons of her positions explained , and her campaign published 38 proposals and over 60 fact sheets that totaled 100,000 words by august 2016 . 
  she was probably the most detailed in policy positions than any presidential candidate in the race with counting the third party goofballs . 
  damn we beat mexico by double the rate . 
  we 're not sending you our best . 
  we 're sending you drug dealers and rapists , and some , i assume , are good people . 
  lol is n't she the one that made that alarmed disdain expression in the video of that polish bow-tie wearing minister calling welfare migrants `` human trash '' ? 
  here in america , even the newborn boys give tips to doctors . 
  the guy that documented this is unlikely to have visited the mediterranean or roman territory , but likely got his information from half way central asian traders who might 've told him misinterpreted things they heard which he himself might 've also misinterpreted . 
  there was a chinese traveler went to a greco-bactrian who documented to his patron that described them as ( and i 'm paraphrasing ) `` hey , these people have cities like us , but they 're not us , but are probably derived from us in the past . '', 
  the greeks had narrative accounts like this too of far distant civilizations , chiefly india ( who they believed was the most eastern land ) , that were semi-mystical in their content , with half of the details being semi-true things that they heard from people who had , or who heard , true details from encounters in india or from indians , and the other half obviously myths that were obviously misinterpreted halfway along the way or straight up made up . 
  ctetias ' * indica * for example , says that indians had dwarf pygmies , 8 foot giants , unicorns ( the first mention of them in western literature ) and flying beasts that were obviously false , but there were details that were somewhat and unintentionally true : there being a priestly sage class in most of the lands that were very philosophical ( brahims ) , had regions where people were particularly swarthy ( dravidians ) , but others where people were of fair complexion , and there being a lot of people and large cities . 
  i live near detroit and have friends that work for wayne county jail in detroit . 
  the results we have are n't working for practically anyone in the system . 
  i do n't see this doing more harm . 
  should our current legislators just accept what actions are done against us for the past workings of our then-intelligence agencies who kept their said actions secret from their then-legislators and public ? 
  yummy yummy, 
  vardaska would be a good name, 
  i do n't blame ya, 
  i do n't believe in finland . 
  our volunteer rate was nearly 39 % , but do note that volunteer enlistment ended on december 5th , 1942 for everyone between 18-37 , and every able bodied males between those ages were automatically drafted and the military had the final say of what branch you were going to join ( unless you were highly qualified , of course ) . 
  * wealth inequality that distorts the actual average and median salaries * privatized inefficient healthcare system that is horrible on everyone besides for the top 20 % of people . 
  over half of the births in texas are by mothers on medicaid ( only available for those living in poverty ) . 
  not all pre-birth care clinics , or medical clinics in general , accept medicaid patients because the insurer pays less than some private ones . 
  this means some poor income expecting mothers dont have the means to reach accessible clinics that do take them . 
  * lack of sufficient sex education taught in schools that helps causes mothers in a inadequate health or poor life style choices to have unexpected pregnancies . 
  also , the limited amount of abortion services . 
  * higher obesity rates in texas , that are probably higher than any other developed country , which is partially because the privatized system tolerates the voluntarily unhealthy and with there being lack of public health campaigns to improve or prevent unhealthy trends * migrant mothers making up a lot of the births , who often do n't seek proper preparation care, 
  no , you 're being disingenuous . 
  you initially claimed that trump was n't isolated from the views of americans , and cited for your defense the historical atrocities committed by americans to back up your claim , as if they 're some inherent behavior or temperament americans always have in their nature , that is connected to what you said , that explains how trump came to power . 
  it does n't surprise me that your comment history has posts like this :  [ happy to see that germany finally understands what we tell them since decades : the anglosphere does n't want a strong eu ( and thus a strong germany or france ) , they want to keep an american domination on the world , nothing else . 
  not everything is lost , france has a real military independence , the eu just need to invest more money on this backbone and we can be really relevant on the global stage . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6dvwle/how_to_understand_angela_merkels_comments_about/di5wdoa/?context=3&amp;st=j3i6e15k&amp;sh=8f689c40 ) or  [ because destroying the native habitat ( including the native human population ) is inherent to the birth of these countries : the us , australia and canada are all countries born after the genocide of a whole continent . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/6a90es/chinese_president_xi_jinping_has_vowed_to_protect/dhddo61/?context=3&amp;st=j3i6knxf&amp;sh=5507cb9a ) you have no problem linking particular past actions of nation 's people to the inherit behavior of their respective current collective populations , so long as they 're anglo , but you go on the defensive once france is accused , and tout that `` no one is perfect '' card . 
  any american-europhile on this subreddit that you just described is likely well aware of their countries historic atrocities and troubling un-progressive social and politically institutional differences compared to europe , so why even post that little bit , in the context it 's in , in the first place ? 
  it seems to me that you just want a scape-goat for your pan-european cause -- which is an appropriate measure to pursue with our current administrative in the white house and the past and current imperialism of the us , but it is deceitful to suggest our past administrations have always been conspiring for a weaker divided europe , or that a large or significant portion of our population inherently want , or ever wanted , a weaker and less prosperous europe for our own gain . 
  quite contrary , we have played a [ significant part of the bed-rock of early european integration ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/04/27/the-european-union-always-was-a-cia-project-as-brexiteers-discov/ ) , and [ have consistently supported it and the accession of new members to it ] ( https://euobserver.com/news/3182 ) . 
  we also have consistently insisted for east-germany to succeed and re-unify with west-germany , [ while your country 's president at the time was skeptical , and goaded thatcher to prevent it in fear of german dominance in western europe ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/the-iron-lady-s-views-on-german-reunification-the-germans-are-back-a-648364.html ) . 
  we have done a lot of unjust actions on the global stage in the recent past , and we are on-course to create more in the coming months and years so long trump and likeminded people are in our offices , but do n't spread lies about us as if we are the perpetual antithesis to the eu and the amount of europhiles or those who subscribe to european ideals here are too insignificant of a minority for any serious policy change , or suggest that it 's pointless to hope for a change with our consensus on many things . 
  damn he is dapper, 
   that 's , at least , how the us has always seen europe . 
  if we wanted you guys as colonies , why have we been pro-european integration over the past decades ? 
  why did we support a unified germany , despite the rejections of thatcher and the french to it , saying it would make germany too powerful ? 
  why did our secretary of state help craft and pushed for the schuman declaration , that reconciled post-war germany , and france ( who we coerced by threatening to cut off marshall plan aid ) , that led the ecc . 
  why did our oss and cia secretly pushed for a more federal europe ? 
  such as with the american committee for a united europe ( acue ) that was a cia front , that provided 53.5 % of european movement funds in 1958 . 
  it would seem like we would 've promoted division to weaken you guys , if that was the case . 
  yes . 
  i am 12 . 
   no comment but you just did, 
  you did n't even include wittgenstein -- the guy that solved philosophy once and for all . 
  t h i c, 
  you know what is crazy ? 
  lions still existed in greece at the time when this statue was erected . 
  and they were n't ` mountain lions ' either , but roughly the same size of african lions . 
  aristotle wrote in his history of animals that they still could be found -- although they 're rare -- between the acheloos and nestos rivers , and it was the only reported region according to him that they still roam in europe . 
  it is n't fine though . 
  it made sense 1789 - 1920 when america was a expanding frontier , and when at it 's conception it had 13 colonies that most of them were founded and colonize by a specific background of people who founded it for particular interests . 
  but now , that does n't apply . 
  there 's little cultural or social difference between the type of people in each particular state themselves ; the political divide is mostly rooted in those who live in rural communities and with those who live in urban communities . 
  for example , the largest city that votes majority republican is mesa , arizona -- the 38th largest city with only a population of 430,000 . 
  ones that vote 70 % + are all under 200,000 in size . 
  practically all of them are just suburbs apart of a larger metropolitan city . 
   without it it would be just politicians pandering to new york , california , florida and texas since those states would just dominate the election . 
  wrong . 
  florida and texas only a few point difference with the dem and gop parties during elections . 
  with california and new york , it 's 10-13 % lead with the dems . 
  the minority party in these cases is still pretty large that a candidate could focus on trying to get at-least 30-40 % of the popular vote in those states , and focus on the majority in the rest , and still win . 
  the electoral college makes the problem worse considering that it discourages the political minority in large partisan states from turning out and vote , thinking that it will just be a waste , and it gives power to the smaller states -- who the bottom 26 lowest populated consist of the 18 % of the population while having 56 % of the electorate vote . 
  the iranian government appears to have its shit together compared to the other two . 
  afghan government = filled with a bunch of corrupt incompetent officials who are practically only functioning in kabul and barely hanging onto other regions . 
  pakistan = bunch of corrupt local officials and magistrates in the areas that need aid i believe iran being shiites allows them to have a consistent clergy in their government that can function as watchdogs to corruption and incompetence be with their political and social influence . 
  another important factor i believe plays part is iran 's civic nationalism that afganistan does n't have , and pakistan is weak in . 
  macron was being professional . 
  these statements occurred in a joint news conference with both leaders , and during it , a reporter asked why he refused access at his campaign headquarters to russian media outlets . 
  macron replied :  `` russia today and sputnik have been influential outlets which at several times have spoken mistruths about me and my campaign , and that 's why they were not invited to my headquarters . 
  all media outlets , including russian ones , have had access to my campaign . 
  relationships are always the same . 
  so it was serious that foreign media outlets interfered by saying serious mistruths during a democratic campaign . 
  and i will not give into that in any way , but russia today and sputnik have not behaved as media outlets and journalists , but behaved as organs of influence , propaganda , and false propaganda . '', 
  he did n't refer to them as ` government propaganda ' , presumably because he does n't want to appear that he 's publicly lashing out at putin during an event that they 're mutually hosting , so he just calls the respective outlets themselves ' ` propaganda ' , which could be interpreted that those outlets committed their alleged propaganda out of their own accord without orders from the russian government . 
  overall , he was being polite with how he aimed it . 
  let 's not forget that he did those measures after his campaign headquarter was hacked , and the entity that carried out the hacking was ( and still is ) considered to be by many intelligence agencies to be from russia . 
  russia today and sputnik prior to , and after it , were explicitly bias with how they reported him compared to macron . 
  they have demonstrated numerous times in the past as being tools of the russian government to censure and distort anyone that the russian state deems to be a adversary or threat of any sort , and is known for explicitly and diligently defending the russian government on the global media stage -- regardless of how inexcusable and obvious the actions are -- without any sense of shame or skepticism . 
  the access he denied to them was simply not allowing them to set up at his headquarters to film the election results and be updated with events , which he is n't obligated to providing services to them for that -- especially when the party requesting such service has a long history of questionable ethic history as media-outlets , and were for diminishing his campaign . 
  ` mediocre ' is hyperbolic . 
  does it currently beat germany in all categories ? 
  but just because it has n't been growing as prosperously in the past does n't mean it 's mediocre . 
  * go tell the spartans , stranger passing by , * [ * that here obedient to their laws we lie . 
  * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_thermopylae#/media/file:thermopiles_memorial_epitaph.jpg ), 
  norway has the second highest rate of foreign aid spending in the world as percent of their gdp ( 1.05 % ) only sweden is higher . 
  i 'm not sure why they 're using eagles to take small drones down , when they themselves are relatively not that agile for taking down other birds ( or should i correctly say , ` airborne object ' , in this context ) in flight . 
  what they should be using for the role are northern goshawks or gyrfalcons which are more maneuverable than golden eagles , but not as nimble and too small for the role as peregrine falcons . 
  just my two cents . 
  the romans knew about them . 
  tacitus on the finns / `` fenni '' :  the fenni are strangely beast-like and squalidly poor ; neither arms nor homes have they ; their food is herbs , their clothing skins , their bed the earth . 
  they trust wholly to their arrows , which , for want of iron , are pointed with bone . 
  the men and the women are alike supplied by the chase ; for the latter are always present , and demand a share of the prey . 
  the little children have no shelter from wild beasts and storms but a covering of interlaced boughs .
