hey do you remember the time rtl sent you a letter out of the blue saying they had kindly created an account for you and by the way you owe them 17 $ a month for the rest of your life ? 
  do you remember the time you refused to pay rtl because you do n't even watch their shows and you never agreed to pay for their product so they took you to court and were given consent to withdraw money directly from your bank account ? 
  ah yes , that 's right , no that never happened , because rtl is a private company and can not force people to pay for their services . 
  extra 3 however is a part of ndr and that is exactly how extra 3 is financed . 
  oh and do you remember the time that the bundesverfassungsgericht appointed all of the board of directors of rtl ? 
  oh yeah , that never happened , because rtl , unlike ndr and by extension extra 3 , is not an institution of the german government . 
  the democratic people 's republic of north korea is a communist country born of a communist revolution . 
  whether a communist country is controlled by a duma or a dynasty of populist leaders , the result is always the same : the effort to forcefully create equality requires the creation of an absolute organ of centralised social power , which becomes the focus for all individuals seeking power , the end effect always the same , whatever the particular local flavour : a monstrosity of unrestrained elitism , corruption , inequality and abuse . 
  but do n't worry , there is a long tradition of western apologists benefitting from the freedom of their societies while refusing to recognise the simple truth that communism in all its different costumes always fails . 
  so at least you have good company . 
  at least you are n't starving to death like hundreds of thousands of imprisoned north koreans being murdered in prison camps . 
  like north korea ? 
  you have a very strange idea of the state . 
  you ca n't just limit it to the bundestag and landestage , i.e. 
  the things which german citizens are allowed to directly vote for . 
  among other things you 're being blind to the connections between these institutions . 
  who elects the judges of the bvg for example ? 
  oh that 's right , the various german parliaments . 
  on another level you 're just not seeing the bigger picture . 
  the state is the whole apparatus of centralised institutions which control german society and for which german citizens are forced to pay . 
  the bvg and state media corporations are all part of it . 
  this whole game about `` gez is n't a tax , the senders collect it directly '' is just slight of hand to trick naive germans such as yourself into not seeing that it 's all the same shit . 
  sure they wear slightly different hats and have different names and techniques for how they get your money , but at the end of the day , they are one and the same : centralised services which people are forced to pay for , whether they like them or not , whether they want to use them or not ( and in some cases are forced to use , e.g. 
  the state 's centralised court system . ), 
  and finally , as i noted , and as has been noted many times , government influence is enormous on the state media , which you would expect from corporations who depend upon the political goodwill and protection from the bvg ( as noted , elected by the parliaments . ), 
  this has nothing to do with whether the senders `` share my perception of reality . '', 
  not sure where you got that from , should i tell you that you do n't share my parrots perception of reality because you protest that it is really a dog ? 
  it 's paid for with a compulsory statewide fee that you ca n't opt out of paying . 
  it 's ultimately controlled by the government via the bundesverfassungsgericht . 
  the various different senders are packed with friends of the reigning political factions , and the track record is notorious for repeating the party line . 
  if you try and claim it 's not state media then i bet you 'd love to meet my parrot !, 
  he has four legs , ca n't fly , barks , has fur instead of feathers , fluffy ears and tail - and is definitely 100 % not a dog . 
  ndr is state media . 
  that 's why erdogan is unhappy . 
  spoken like a true drone, 
  every such action just pushes people closer to transitioning to free currencies such as bitcoin . 
  the days of state currencies are numbered . 
  took one as payment today !, 
  am i famous yet ? 
  who needs organic social action when you can empower secretive centralised entities to violently transgress against citizens based on capricious interpretations of vague laws . 
  that 's definitely not opening the door to systemic corruption and abuse . 
  it will look the same but a ) from a different angle b ) rendered on a 1996 computer c ) all the buildings have grass on top . 
  got it . 
   i 'm sure there are different flavors of socialism for which one could produce a similar lists as to why we never had `` true '' socialism . 
  for socialism/communism we have seen in history : 1 . clearly defined theories and implementation recommendations ( e.g. 
  marx & engels , lenismism ) 2 . widespread popularity and support of said theories and recommendations ( e.g. 
  the socialist/communist movements from the late 19th century , strongest moving into the early to mid 20th , and still strong today ) 3 . major political parties advocating matching policy platforms , achieving electoral success ranging commonly up to 30 to 50 % across almost all countries with democracies or voting systems 4 . many explicit , popular attempts to revolutionarily create communist/socialist societies , multiple of which still exist ( cuba , north korea , china , venezuala ) . 
  there has been no shortage of explicit attempts to implement communism ... they all seem to have ended in mass poverty , authoritarian rule and brutal oppression . 
  the intelligent would believe that maybe the fault was n't in the implementation , but in the underlying assumptions and worldview of the theories . 
  the unintelligent would cry that it just `` was n't done right '' and that `` next time will be totally different . '', 
  support of free-market , nonregulated government capitalism on the other hand , remains a highly niche political stance . 
  even otherwise liberal and free-market supportive electoral groups almost all accept as a given widespread government monopoly of many market sectors and embrace government intervention in many more - very few people deduce their political views consistently from the first principles of individual freedom and advocate for what results . 
  those that do , realise that there have been zero efforts to comprehensively strip back government intervention and attempt to create a truly free society , only some half-hearted half-accidental stuff here and there , against the overwhelming backdrop of the constant demand of democratic masses and the constant greed of political elites to implement greater levels of government intervention over lives and economies . 
   how does the governments intervening in a free market make it not capitalist ? 
  insofar as the word capitalist implies an advocacy for free markets and the freedom of all economic actors to buy and sell goods and services as they see fit . 
  right because the status quo in literally all modern `` capitalist '' democracies - sales taxes up to 25 % , income taxes up to 70 % , corporate taxes up to 40 % , partial to total state monopolisation of justice , police , military , healthcare , roading , power/water/rubbish disposal , and food/drug approvals , forced state pension , health insurance , unemployment insurance , mass state surveillance , state regulation of entry and practice requirements for almost all professions , mass intervention in all industries to the tune of libraries full of law books , state regulations of minimum work conditions and compensation retirements , yes that it is real unregulated capitalism right there . 
  frightening how little our governments intervene and control these rampant free markets !, 
  right , because it was all germany 's fault , and russia did n't do a thing , and communism sure did n't have anything to do with it . 
  the pollution is largely a legacy of the communist era from what i 've heard . 
  the smallest possible political unit is the individual . 
  transport and `` defense '' ( actual defense , not the warmongering and profiteering that nation-states practise under that name ) can and should be privatised . 
  the `` federal level '' is itself completely arbitrary . 
  why does one government make decisions for a few million people in norway , and another for over a billion in china ? 
  that 's communism for you, 
  the same principle operates identically on the national level . 
  the lesson of europe is to see the same dysfunction at play on smaller scales , to which we have become innured . 
  yeah you pay nothing , other than 40 % for ~ ~ taxes ~ ~ social insurances . 
  practically pocket change am i right ? 
  nothing more important in a country with a history of ethnic and social cleansing than having the government know everybody 's address and religion !, 
  you are happy to proclaim someone 's opinion as completely irrelevant , by your own standards your own judgement of that is even less relevant . 
  so when and where were you born ? 
  good job mate , ignore all dissenting opinions , that 's the ticket to a kind and open society . 
  sure , totally different , no double standards at all . 
  i made it clear that i neither care about nor judge ireland 's tax deals . 
  i simply thought it worth making clear that many europeans would judge ireland 's tax deals as an example of cheating to worsen their tax burden on citizens and ease yours , a useful point in a conversation where you are emphasising a low tax burden in ireland as an example of the system `` working '' . 
  especially relative to the many european countries touted as examples of successful socialist regimes , where tax rates starting at 50 % and up are bread and butter . 
  otherwise it was just one of two factors which came to my mind to explain why ireland might be lagging behind other countries on the progression of socialist decay . 
  maybe you are living in a country which is at a lower than average level of socialist decay . 
  good for you . 
  an island able to buffer itself with two oceans from influxes of poor people seeking to leverage free welfare services certainly would help . 
  not to forget that your country is widely hated as `` cheating '' other european countries out of their tax lootings by offering sweetheart deals to multinational corporations . 
  many europeans would claim that you cheat the system and force them to have higher direct taxes on citizens to provide a similar level of social services ( to be clear , i do n't give a fuck , just pointing out that the average statist european would call you out on that one ) . 
  anyway , oceans and undercutting other countries definitely can buy a country some time before things start to go to shit , but do n't worry , it happens eventually . 
  clearly you are firmly enamoured of your regime . 
  we 'll see how happy you are with things in twenty years time . 
  congratulations , so , 30 % ? 
  shit still ai n't free . 
  free like 50 % taxes and up for all wage brackets , am i right ? 
  we just need more taxes to pay for more police crackdowns obviously !, 
  also we better ban all independent media and cut off internet access so people only get wholesome information from the government that encourages them to pay their taxes . 
  that should work . 
  thanks heinrich , time to crawl back into your hole , i see you have a few fish-heads you have n't finished yet . 
  mate that would be crazy , how are they even supposed to balance their bikes on the cars ? 
  are they strapped on ? 
  a most puzzling coincidence !, 
  brilliant proposal . 
  i look forward to the impartial , faultless government department that faithfully protects the interests of citizens through the judicious and incorruptible measured deployment of their powers . 
  just like the spy agencies , right ? 
  they 're spying on you for your own good !, 
  never forget that !,
