people already pay taxes and are going to pay taxes in the future , so why not just increase taxes for high earners to balance out basic income ? 
  seems to me the simplest solution . 
  well , you know how well that goes every time someone proposes something along those lines . 
   have n't honestly kept my information up to date , but previously the highest earners easily circumvented the heavy progression in the top tier by circulating their income through dividends ( taxed a lot less ) and other unearned income , instead of receiving earned income and paying the heavy progression . 
  the thing is , i 'm not so sure if the just raising taxes on the top tier is the best solution on how to pay for this , the people on the paying end tend to get a bit pissed off and play all sorts of tricks which results in even less tax money for the government . 
  dunno really . 
  the basic idea is great , but i have no idea which way to fund it would be the best . 
  luckily it 's not for the clueless me to decide . 
  it is n't more micromanaging than progressive taxation , at least the way i see it . 
  seems to me a bit unnecessary to pay the money first and then get it back in next year 's taxes . 
  of course , this opens another can of worms with the people doing aggressive tax planning via earned/unearned income tricks and so , but i 'd think there are some smart people who could make the system to take everyone into account and make the whole system a fair and equal one for all . 
  plus hopefully it would also hugely benefit small entrepreneurs by providing them an actual monthly support . 
  this of course requires some kind of progressive element on the basic income ( which it should have anyway , people earning 4k + a month do n't surely need a basic income from the state ... ) i know a number of people who work their asses off and still get just a bit more they 'd get while unemployed - this could provide a huge boost into their personal economy , stability and security , while enabling them to invest more in their profession . 
  in short , it 's not only the unemployed and other people living on social security this could help , but the whole lower range of working people as well . 
  with international tensions low and a couple of tu-22s with their escorts conducting a mock operation ( as part of a larger exercise taking place in kaliningrad ) , it was n't as serious as it was played to be . 
  embarassing for the air force , sure , no denying that . 
  but not really to the degree of `` lol sweden ca n't defend their airspace at all '' it came through as in some circles . 
  so is this more or less a swabian dumpling ? 
  like ravioli and pierogi in their respective countries/areas ? 
  sidenote : i think every european country has their own dumpling , be it called pelmen , pierogi , ravioli , pitepalt - all equally delicious !, 
  do you really find it strange people would buy a lot of beer in one go for a longer period of time ? 
  me and my wife easily go through a crate ( 24 cans ) of beer in two weeks , and we only drink in weekends , and even then do n't really get drunk . 
  that 's only a sixpack for friday and a sixpack for saturday . 
  not that much , no ? 
  it can easily look like `` oh noes , that guy 's totally making profit by selling cheap estonian beer to his drunkard friends '' , but it might just be someone like me who does n't care to drag a crate home every second week or so . 
  or every week if i 'm on a vacation . 
  of course if you work in the customs and see the same guys every week , bringing such amounts across , a benefit of doubt is justified ... 
  finnish - native english - fluent swedish - intermediate german - intermediate , very rusty going to study some german to refresh my memory . 
  hoping to find some work over there some day . 
  germanic languages are relatively easy to learn when you know one of them . 
  kind of been wondering why native english speakers do n't take advantage of this . 
  in true lahti tradition , there will be an `` close the borders '' demonstration the same day a select number of random nazi-wannabes . 
  and apparently there 's also going to be a french-italian gourmet fair at tori , unless i got my dates completely wrong , so the end result is going to be really bizarre in true lahti style if this also happens . 
  there 's an `` avoin lahti '' demonstration at tori 3.10 . 
  12:00 , if you feel like expressing your opinion against this kind of crap . 
  righto . 
  well , still quite massive in scale anyway . 
  for all foreigners : [ this is what `` the most unpopular strike '' looks like ] ( https://i.imgur.com/a7omlp1.png ) . 
   ( from hufvudstadsbladet 's twitter account , to which i ca n't link to in / r/europe ) you should see us when we get really pissed off . 
  there have n't been strikes of this magnitude in decades . 
  edit : 30 000 people in helsinki demonstration at the moment . 
  the demonstration against war in iraq gathered some 15 000 - 20 000 people and was considered one of the biggest , if not the biggest in modern finland . 
  i would n't be so quick to judge the popularity just based on how your personal circles feel . 
  you have revealed the secret plan !, 
  everybody expects turkey to go after isis or kurds , whereas the real target is on the other side of bosphorus . 
  nobody ca n't say turkey is n't europe enough after that ... 
   then you do n't know what it means to come from a homologous society that does n't does n't tolerate things like gang rape , i find it hard to believe i 've ever seen a case of finnish people brought to court for such a crime . 
  it 's quite simply seems to be an imported behavior . 
  you can bet your ass if you dig through old domboks ( tuomiokirja , official documentation from courts ) and minutiae of local courts for instance , you can find all kinds of nastiness . 
  finland has n't ever been some kind of rainbow land or utopia where nothing out of the ordinary took place . 
  [ start with this book from teemu keskisarja for instance ] ( http://www.siltalapublishing.fi/fi/kirja/tietokirjat/72/kyynelten-kallio ) , it 'll get you going . 
  oh , i only buy their mineral water in big bottles from time to time . 
  i have n't honestly noticed they have some smaller bottles of their own design there as well . 
  only those 2l big ones and then normal 0,33 l and 0,5 l cans + random standard bottles . 
  i was in germany earlier this month for a few days , and i just _ had to _ buy flensburger because of the clip-lock . 
  the pop-sound of the lock opening on a warm summer day is indeed a wonderful feeling . 
   also , regarding plastic bottles : i hate the bottles made from floppy plastic , the rigid ones are so much nicer . 
  i do n't think they sell beer in those floppy ones , or at least i hope so since it sounds like absolute garbage . 
  well , there are some brands which are in plastic bottles , but they 're usually this crap which tastes like old dish water . 
  afaik the bottom line is the plastic bottles `` breathe '' and it ruins the taste of beer , where as glass bottles and cans can be effectively sealed . 
  we 've had a system like that over here for quite a long time , it 's working pretty well . 
  when lidl initially expanded to finland , they sold drinks in their own bottles , which you could only return to their store , but they soon adapted to the standard finnish system . 
  i think their 2l bottles are still not accepted in other places , but generally everything is really smooth . 
  it 's somewhat funny to read you 're trying to cut down the usage of plastic bottles , whereas over here the plastic bottles have become pretty much the standard container for soft drinks ( cans for beer ) and glass bottles are either rather pricey stuff or imported beers etc. 
  but in general i like the system , it reduces the amount of crap and litter on the streets . 
  at least now if you just throw away your beer can , some kid , grandma or hobo will pick it up and get some pocket money . 
   i believe of taking care of our own people and fixing our own problem so then we are in a position to think about others . 
  the biggest problem i 've always had with this line of thinking is who defines the status quo ? 
  when are `` our '' things good enough so that we can help `` others '' as well ? 
  i do n't think the problem is as much about money , as it is about how we just simply do n't care for `` our '' people in the first place , but rather sit and complain how we have to pay social security from our taxes and such . 
  not saying you 're wrong , just thinking there problem is more deeply rooted than we want to admit , and instead we just say everything is shit because immigrants/minorities/etc are taking too much resources . 
   the only things right now that russian military industry either does n't do or does but significantly worse are : nightvision and thermalvision devices , intelligent portable combat systems , and little specific chips and very specific radars . 
  the article also mentions helicopter and ship engines from ukraine . 
  if there 's no production going on , and provided it 's even possible to `` just kickstart them '' , i 'd think it would be very expensive . 
   most of them steal whatever they can get their hands on . 
  oh , this is really rich . 
  you almost had me concerned with some sociopolitical issues until crap like this comes up . 
  this was inevitable but still feels bad even for a complete stranger like me who just sent a card . 
  please op , if you see anything about the mentioned art piece in the news , keep us up to date !, 
  are you guys still doing the translations ? 
  me and my wife want to send a card as well !, 
  t\u00e4t is a kreit aidia - iiven vit te loukal diffrensiis vi kan ool and\u00f6st\u00e4nd iits at\u00f6 !, 
  the best part is you can never escape your finnish genes . 
  it 's in your dna forever . 
  hope you enjoy your ugliness , haha . 
  tis nyy inglish sud bii te l\u00e4ngvits of / r/yurop ( meipi / r/europe tuu ? ), 
  tu hailait au\u00f6r supirioriti ouver te lesser parts of ti v\u00f6\u00f6ld . 
  vi h\u00e4v fain\u00e4li kr\u00e4kd te inglish l\u00e4ngvitch !, 
  nou moor konfus\u00f6n ouver vhai sam w\u00f6rd is vriten difrentli from hau its pronaunzd !, 
  i was referring to the 8 % karhu , it 's quite a bargain for us at ~ 14 $ / 24-pack . 
  provided you like that kind of beer , of course . 
  24-pack of saku kuld ( 5,2 % ) goes for 12,25 $ at superalko . 
  that 's pretty good price for strong beer though . 
  do give it a try though , even just a can or two - you might be positively surprised !, 
  ( sampling different beers , what a wonderful excuse . ), 
  i know , i know . 
  it 's just that at least it ensures there 's no strange crap like barley starch in your beer . 
  since that 's how we make cheap beer over here . 
  well , saku kuld is at least manufactured according to reinheitsgebot . 
  it 's a nice beer especially in its price range .
