that 's kind of what i meant . 
  i mean i do n't think isis are real muslims either . 
  in both cases , they 've strayed so far from the mainstream idea of their religion that it 's just a veil for their true motivations . 
  not that bush is at all blameless but a lot of it was cheney/rumsfeld . 
  we can start with the anti-gay/sodomy laws from the past and the so-called religious freedom laws that the religious right are trying to push through today . 
  one only has to look into the past ( when we were a `` more christian '' nation ) to see what life is like under the oppression of this perverted form of christianity being pushed by the conservative movement . 
  them not having enough power to do those things yet does n't make them not-extremists . 
  it means that the modern world is still holding up against the tyranny of evangelical christianity . 
   any shred of christianity appearing left what you actually mean is that it does n't dominate the lives of most people anymore . 
   gay sex and gender changes , and indoctrinate children that its ok as oppose to what exactly ? 
  telling them that it 's unacceptable and that gay people are abominations ? 
   encourage killing unborn lives if you want to probably would n't be much of an issue if the christian right did n't use their influence to prevent students from being taught real sex ed and getting easy access to birth control . 
   legalize recreational weed who cares ? 
   money makes you immune for crimes that caused a global recession i did say that they 're hypocrites , right ? 
  i have n't seen that laura ingraham video before . 
  that 's so unfortunate . 
  you can see the exact moment her brain said `` holy shit . 
  what am i doing ? '' . 
  just because other countries have problems does n't mean that we should hold ourselves to lower standards . 
  who said anything about trump himself ? 
  look at the people he surrounds himself with . 
  to me , any person trying to use power to enforce their hypocritical beliefs on a secular population is an extremist . 
  the bar for extremist is n't `` literally the taliban '' . 
  are you sure you are n't just looking for a reason to feel persecuted ? 
  okay ? 
  i do n't ? 
  whatever , kiddo . 
  i 'm glad we 're setting such a high bar for civilized society . 
  was that even english ? 
  stay in school . 
  btw . 
  that 's why macron won . 
  reddit is the place where nuance goes to die . 
  `` i love the poorly educated '', 
   i understand you prefer to see teenagers killed on a weekly basis . 
  that 's a bullshit false choice . 
  you know it and i know it . 
  do n't be a fucking coward . 
  actually defend your stance . 
  i would venture to guess that he is n't . 
  he does pretend to be one and pandered hard to christian evangelical/fundamentalist groups and selected pence as his vp . 
  he may not be one of them but he empowers them out of his own self-interest . 
  like the corrupt and immoral hypocrites that they are , the evangelical groups do n't care if he is or not as long as he hands them power . 
  edit : should n't be surprised that you 're trying to hand-wave that away . 
  you 're a / r/the _ donald poster . 
  all the other evidence does that . 
  what makes you think they stop there ? 
  his campaign and administration has been quite cozy with people like jerry falwell jr. 
  if he is n't one , he empowering them for his own gain . 
  christian extremists occupy the white house . 
  i 'd expect nothing less . 
   idea of debaathification , but rather with the implementation yes . 
  the implementation designed by rumsfeld and his office of special plans . 
  there had been a compromise between the state department , cia , and the dod which was much less drastic and provided for more of a de-saddamification . 
  rumsfeld went back on that compromise and implemented his short-sighted hardline plans . 
   if iraq had wanted to re-hire a baathist military , i suppose that they could have done so . 
  i mean , they obviously were n't going to do so , but ... that 's a bit disingenuous . 
  the us pushed de-ba ` athification onto the iraqi government by introducing it via the provisional government set-up/administered by rumsfeld . 
  it was a major fuck-up and can be tied directly to the formation of isis . 
  wow . 
  did n't realize someone actually analyzed it . 
  it 's amazing that bush is still lower than trump grammatically but , then again , he was trying to sound `` stupid '' as a way of appealing to the `` average joe '' . 
  it 's funny that you guys call anyone that thinks trump is a moron , a liberal . 
  typical / r/the _ dumbass response , zero facts , zero logic but lots of mindless name calling . 
  yeah , yeah , yeah . 
  the same copy/paste the_dumbass comment . 
  it 's laughing at the ridiculousness of it all . 
  he 's the leader of an english-speaking country but speaks at the level of a 10 year old . 
  he also refused to pledge to article 5 even though the us is the only country to ever invoke it ( after 9/11 ) ... and he said this next to a 9/11 memorial . 
  i ca n't wait to see the history books in 50 years when they look back on this time period . 
  the disaster of w -  respectable , stable obama -  boorish , moron trump people in the future are going to wonder what the fuck happened to make the us lose its mind . 
  my money is on that user not being swedish . 
  there has been a trend of / r/the _ dumbass users pretending to be swedish because of some stupid meme war that they had with / r/sweden . 
   so wut ? 
  do n't play coy , coward . 
  that community reeks of toxicity and willful ignorance . 
   nor overly hostile either . 
  impartial would be ideal . 
  the nyt had to apologise for its lack of it after the election . 
  they 've been more than fair considering they are under constant attack by president trump , his stooges and his cult members . 
  anything negative ( however factual is may be ) is derided as fake news . 
  this little world that the american right has created for themselves is quite pathetic . 
  deep down , they know the world has moved on without them but they ca n't let go of their idealized worldview . 
  so , they 've constructed this false reality where they are always the victims . 
   you can have democracy without leaking british terrorism investigations . 
  or no ? 
  apparently not . 
  that hand is just tired from all the pussy-grabbing . 
   after the last 8 years ? 
  great argument , dipshit . 
   funny , i never saw the iran deal published . 
   yet to see how this publication of classified material was in public interest . 
  here you go : https://apps.washingtonpost.com/g/documents/world/full-text-of-the-iran-nuclear-deal/1651/ i 'd argue that it 's in the public 's interest to know what its government is doing , especially after the opaque obama administration . 
   all just a vast right wing conspiracy . 
   just like libya , the arab spring corruption , jcpoa , fast and furious , irs , the cox report , sandy berger , kosovo and uganda , etc. 
  and now we 're just acting like rush after he pops his favorite uppers . 
  / u/footzz is a / r/the _ donald poster . 
  the media is doing it 's job . 
  the media should not be loyal to an administration . 
  that 's how we get shit like the iraq war .
