  `` ask not what your country can do for your , but what you can do for your country '', 
  - muggebeet : mosquito sting - bangert : ( sort of ) coward / person who scares easily - kruishaar : crotch-hair - kuttingen : cunt-shire - mensingeweer : human in rifle ( no , not really , i know :p ) - numero dertien : number thirteen - platvoet : flatfoot - poepershoek : corner of the shitters - sexbierum : ... sex-beer-it ? 
  - zuurdijk : sour dike ( not intended to hurt lesbians ' feelings ) - zijtaart : cake on the side, 
  you call that a hill ? 
  that 's a friggin ' mountain !, 
  next to all our roads there are mountains . 
  and the roads lie in ravines . 
  i believe english speakers call those mountains pavements or sidewalks . 
  i do n't know what you are referring too , but he did decrease unemployment drastically . 
  and if there is one thing people want , it 's jobs . 
  followed by reloadedretro-neoliberal-postagainism, 
  right , it happens all to often ... that is exactly my point . 
  learn to live with it . 
  people who complain about this are commonly the exact type of people who will call people soft leftie treehuggers whenever someone disagrees with them . 
  its just hypocritical and it makes me sad to read discussions like that . 
  but i guess i should learn to live with that as well ... 
  if that is truly slovenia , i must say that is quite an accurate description of this photo . 
  well done , op !, 
  and original content as well , man man , what a time to be alive , 
   yet another case of `` far-right '' people first shunned for being racist and non-factual , later proven to be right . 
  oh those poor helpless victims ; they were right all along and never acknowledged ... :'( the internet is a big cess pool of hate , disagreement and stubbornness . 
  learn to live with it , you have no choice . 
  never looked at it like that ... 
  so on average , the world is kind of gender neutral ? 
  only if renting a private island is an option  you should probably go to poland , not many dutch go there !, 
  yes !, 
  this is the exact cause of this news !, 
  incredible , tell me : how did you know this truth ? 
  can you tell us some more truths on every newsitem you see ? 
  people of europe : do n't go to resorts , ever !, 
  you will see all sins combined there and be annoyed . 
  trump tries to intimidate other people like this . 
  but i think macron is actually fighting back quite effectively . 
  this was probably a tie , but trump is down 0-1 with macron crushing his hands on their first meeting because he wanted to let go and macron did n't let him . 
  i think trump will continue with this on macron until he wins , but i hope he doesnt ever . 
  tfw presidents need to train their hands to stay imortant on the international stage . 
  that is good news !, 
  i liked this . 
  its way more objective than the rest of satire around . 
  can someone explain what the voters expect from macron if they actually are so socialist ? 
  or is this just a big f u to hollande ? 
  incredible :o, 
  do people buy the just for laughs or do they actually believe it ? 
  and this stuff actually sells ? 
  i just dont get it . 
  are these well-read papers/tabloids ? 
  lets find out how long he will wait to join the nazi 's . 
  no , [ this is the real one !, 
  ] ( https://www.animationsource.org/sites_content/robin_hood/upload/articles/king%20richard.jpeg ), 
  yeah well without gestapo surveillance gets harder . 
  no because fighting could break out . 
  the protest will have to be held on a different day . 
  it 's still a weird cussing habit . 
  i understand fucking someone is offensive , but fucking a jesus out of someone ? 
  is that like removing someones faith out of him ? 
  fucking someone so hard that that person does n't have faith anymore ? 
  and why would fucking skinny jesus out of someone be more offensive than fat jesus or regular jesus ? 
  yea that 's pretty funny , but i do n't know a lot of people who would call someone a ` kut ' ( cunt ) in dutch and really mean to hurt them . . it 's just not offensice enough :p, 
  hahaha okay :d, 
  cancer is pretty commonly used in our country although of course not accepted officially :p we also use cancer just as it is : kanker ... - fuck ... / shit ... ( i missed the bus , or anything like that ) kanker op - get the fuck out of here i can imagine some people using ` what the cancer ' . 
  i like it :p, 
  the question remains : why skinny jesus ? 
   `` fick dich ins knie '' ( fuck you in the knee ) . 
  i used to be a traveller like you , then ... 
   - da bogda ti otac kopo mezar ( let it be the will of god that your father digs your grave )  - jebem ti kristovo raspece ( i fuck the crucifixion of jesus )  - mater te u cevapu prepoznala ( may your mum recognize you in kebab meat )  - da bogda se ucrvo ( let it be the will of god that you become infested with maggots )  - jebo ti mater svoju u po oka ( go fuck your mother in the center of her eye ) these are pretty hardcore but also very funny hehe, 
  in the netherlands we have the regular words too : mongool - retard pik - dick hoer - whore idioot - idiot kankerlijer - person suffering from cancer but usually to make it harsher we just stuff like add ` kanker ' ( cancer ) , ` tering ' ( tuberculoses ) or ` tyfus ' ( typhoid ) as a prefix and then you get stuff like tyfushoer - you 're a whore suffering from typhoid kankeridioot - you 're an idiot suffering from cancer teringmongool - you 're a mentally disabled person suffering from tuberculoses and of course adding stuff together : kankerhoerenjoch - you 're an unwanted kid from a whore who suffers from cancer . 
  ` kanker ' by the way is more like a term to enhance the magnitude of meaning , kanker is not really used as a disease in this way , we have for example : kankermooi - fucking beautiful kankerlekker - fucking delicious, 
  pvv ... must i really point it out ? 
  sp : they do n't want to uphold european rules for budget deficits . 
  i would call that anti-europe as well . 
  why are you asking ? 
  pvv and sp were trying to make it the most important issue ; but every other major party did n't think it was . 
  it was just a lot of shouting , fortunately the anti-eu 's failed . 
  sp and pvv . . 
  both anti-europe . 
  but they both lost , fortunately . 
  liberals and social democrats can form a majority government together . 
  they 're both pro-europe but at first it looked like the knife 's edge was between the liberals and social democrats about who 's gon na be biggest . 
  liberals have 41 seats , soc-dem 's 39 now ( in a parlement of 150 seats ) . 
  if he 's not complaining ; why would he move away from france ? 
  of course he 's complaining , him leaving the country is a statement about where he thinks france is heading . 
  maybe , but the gap between rich and poor people is definitely ridiculous . 
  it has no bases in ability anymore ; people are not offered the same chances but one group lives on private islands that they fly to in private jets while others live in ghetto 's and get chased down by the police . 
  a 75 % tax might sound high , but the rich man is still infinitely better off than the poor man . 
  so why should he complain ? 
  is one island not enough ? 
  is he really entitled to have two islands ? 
  can such behaviour really exist in a world in which we want justice , fairness and cooperation that everyone always talks about ? 
  do n't worry , we 'll never visit poland if even the polish redditors like you are such dicks . 
  i 'm interested in other cultures ; so i think that if i did n't live in europe i would be interested in it . 
  i think europe has the most wellknown history which is why it appeals to people . 
  china has even more history , but less known , so people are not so very interested in it . 
  i think it 's a goat ? 
  i see some kind of guy making a weird move with a seahorse in his arms hehe . 
  somehow i do n't expect bombs on the netherlands for some reason within the next 60 years :p but you 're right , i might be wrong ... 
  thanks for the positive note hehehe, 
  no way ... that 's one bomb !, 
  they dropped thousands of these each raid . 
  what a hell that must 've been . 
  thank everything i was n't born two generations earlier ...
