  which way will he go , do you think ? 
  considering your remark about g\u00fclen turning turkey into iran , do you fear that erdogan will also shift to the islamism side of the spectrum ? 
  is n't realpolitik supposed to mean that you act on the state of the world rather then on ideology , past agreements , principles or anyting else ? 
  that 's exactly how i see trump 's remark . 
  indeed not too smart a remark , i might add . 
  saying this , i think , has no other value then trying to be putin 's friend . 
  so who orchestrated the coup ? 
  would the coup have been good for turkey if it succeeded ? 
  how do you see turkey coming around to a secular state again ? 
  how large is the group of kemalists in turkey ? 
  hmm . . 
  so , what attitude do you think is acceptable from foreigners about erdogan and the currect state of turkey ? 
  so , trump just reintroduced realpolitik into the world ? 
  i really do n't know what that says about you , really . 
  are you more prone to violence ? 
  or do you just have a tougher skin ? 
  i do think that people who can not stand and therefore will not watch those videos , are much less likely to do stuff like driving into a crowd with a truck . 
  that 's the flaw of democracy ... theoretically ; if the masses want a genocide , after voting away all the barrieres and restrictions , eventually they can vote in favour of a genocide . 
  and erdogan is speeding things up by using stalin-like conspiracytactics . 
  can someone explain why these people are in fact dropped off in italy if they are rescued ? 
  i mean , i know that they want to come here and all . 
  i just do n't understand ; is it simply not possible to drop them in libya where they come from ? 
  it seems like this never happens , even when these people are found only miles of the african coast . 
  what are the rules regarding this ? 
  they wont . 
  and that 's not helping the uk economy either i guess, 
  i hope so too, 
  yeah it could work eventually . 
  but short term it will be pretty hard . 
  but i dont think switzerland and norway are easily comparable to the uk . 
  being oil/bank rich countries . 
  he does n't mean ` has a good track record ' . 
  he means ` is non-muslim ', 
   is it impossible to provide services while providing workers with good wages ? 
  it 's not impossible . 
  loads of countries can allready deliver this . 
  but the point is that the short-term outcome may be quite disastrous . 
  i do n't even know if the brexit is a long-term good or a bad thing for britain , but i do know that it will be a short-term bad thing . 
  i mean , sometimes you got ta swallow the sour part of the apple , but i do n't know if there is any sweet part to it afterwards . 
  i hope that the people on that island will be fine , i really do n't hold anything against them . 
  but i still think they made the wrong choice . 
  the eu should let them go in peace and without lashing out , which is what france suggested . 
  i do n't know the exact figure , that does n't matter . 
  do you deny that polish workers in the uk want to work for less wages than native britains do ? 
  i 've never heard that before , to be honest . 
  here in holland it 's a well known phenomenon that polish and other eastern european workers will work for less cost to the employer ( regarding salary , work hours and safety measures ) . 
  there 's allready plenty of opposition against this here , which i think is the same as it was in britain . 
  yeah sure , but will the companies survive the higher wages ? 
  if they do n't , there 's no work left anymore . 
  so they install trade tarifs while prices go up , which means the people in britain itself will not be able to buy cheap stuff anymore . 
  i doubt that will make people happy . 
  i hope it will work out that way for the people in britain . 
  but most likely the companies will either go bankrupt or there will be to high trade tarifs which means the people in britain will not be able to buy cheap stuff anymore and they will get behind in purchasing power and thus in life standard . 
  it 's all good , these nice theories about what the us is going to do . 
  i really think this depends on who the president will be at that moment . 
  like that the world was lucky that someone like jfk was president at the time of the cuban missile crisis . 
  not really . 
  it leads to the back entrance of a restaurant which is normally only used by staff . 
  is n't this what the ` leave ' voters wanted to achieve ? 
  statistics show that lower educated people were more likely to vote to leave . 
  so now they can do the work for a polish-level paycheck . 
  i do n't know if they 're happy with that but it should be what they wanted to achieve , right ? 
   they will make istanbul great again . 
  the atatrumps ? 
  this is nice to hear . 
  if everyone in the world would eat 2 or 3 days meat-free , it would put a huge relieve on the world in terms of water , agriacultural land and co2 . 
  so is this image circulating in turkey then ? 
  i guess i would like people in turkey to know that most of us do n't like erdogan but they have nothing against turks . 
  they are seen as hardworking entrepeneurial people when they come here , only thing is they are seen as a bit too nationalistic for most northern countries . 
  buy a house now , anywhere . 
  but i guess people like farage knew that this was the case right , so they wo n't complain , right ?? 
  bulls-eye . 
  part of what people are sick of in politicians is that they never say what they truly think . 
  somehow i believe this will come to pass in a couple more generations . 
  the pkk issued a statement saying ` turkey is not safe for foreigners ' . 
  so i think they do kill foreigners , just to destroy turkish tourism . 
  but i hear this was isis . 
  damn , that 's bad :( stay safe , turks, 
  what percentage of the ` leave ' camp wanted to leave , no matter what the economical outcome of this ? 
  i think almost all the ` leavers ' thought this was going to save money . 
  they were not in touch with reality . 
  and maybe be some miraculous recover it will even turn out allright for the uk , but definitely not in the short run . 
  they 'll have to go swallow this whole . 
  instead of ` yes ' or ` no ' on a referendum on staying or leaving in the eu you would like to vote ` fuck them all ' ? 
  :') but also :(, 
  it 's probably just some excuse they have now to sound wise after f *** ing up . 
  everyone should always vote , at least to oppose the vote of people you think of as absolute idiots . 
  and they also were n't educated enough to somehow distill that there was a big group of people who also was n't qualified but still would go because of pure rage ? 
  by the way : does that they did n't feel educated enough also mean they accept whatever is going to happen as ` the right thing ' because it was probably decided by people who did know what they were voting about ? 
  yeah , so ? 
  that 's democracy is n't it ? 
  it is n't just about thinking about a certain topic a certain way , it 's also about going to some small cubicle and fill in a checkbox once in a while . 
  if you do n't , you do n't get to complain or after-analyze , it just meant that you did n't care enough . 
  on the internet ? 
  i speak to them in where i live . 
  they speak dutch, 
  okay , that explains it . 
  he can not be serious . 
  are you able at all to say something slightly critical about turkey or about erdogan ? 
  do n't kid yourself .
