  why be happy about this ?? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  all brits , please know we 're not all like this sour individual . 
  praise the politicians that started the fund . 
  incredible of them to put long-term over short-term thinking and putting so much sustainability into their policies . 
  here in the netherlands we had a large revenue from gas sales as well , and we spent nearly all of it . 
  to be sure : amongst other things it funded all of our cycle ways , which kind of made holland what it is now ... 
  but boy , would i have liked our government to have a yearly surplus because we invested a large sum of the money ... 
  apparently they have allready said yes , because they rely heavily on foreign aid for there income . 
  the afghan government does n't really have a choice . 
  man , i missed this meme :') thank you !, 
  exactly my feeling when reading about mexico , indeed . 
  sounds good , let 's close those plants now , 
  well i do n't know , how much more expensive is buying energy from abroad than producing it in a coal plant in holland . 
  i mean , the coal plants want profit too , right ? 
  well if 70 to 80 % of our energy comes from coal , then i think that shutting them all down by 2030 seems like the most effective way of reaching our co2 goals . 
  i mean , we 'll have to pay for clean energy , but at least it 's clean energy . 
  one way or another , the world will have to make the transition fast , us included . 
  are you implying they are dumb ? 
  i do n't know op . 
  maybe people do n't just vote for the most pocket money . 
  may be they vote for different reasons . 
  so what is supposed to be the conclusion i have to draw from this ? 
  i didnt live through it but i assume those times with ira , eta and raf were pretty scary . 
  didnt the uk send like a whole army onto the streets ? 
  is it just me or is it floating with only one leg pointing towards the ground ? 
  no problem !, 
  thanks for replying like that , by the way . 
  quite rare on the internet , 
  wow hold your horses . 
  i 'm not really talking about arresting anyone . 
  :p i mean , is the public holding them accountable , as in not buying the paper anymore ? 
  for false reporting that set everybody on edge for no reason, 
  do you know ; will der spiegel be held accountable ? 
  this kind of miscommunication should hit them hard . 
  i 'm usually not the cynic or someone who is calling bullshit about something without having numbers to back it up ... 
  but i can not believe that 74 % of the netherlands supports ttip . 
  i can believe 74 % of the netherlands does n't know what ttip is , and i think that the majority of people who know about it are probably against it as the overwhelming opinion of every kind of media i get to hear about is purely negative . 
  even my most pro free trade friends do n't even like what ttip stands for . 
  funny , at 3:07 you say that they are either driving on the left side of the road , or that there still were n't rules about this . 
  it was allready chaotic back then , 
  i would n't want to see a police officer wearing a cross or monk 's cloak , nor having jewish style curls or cap . 
  so no hijab either . 
  there is a separation of church and state ffs . 
  so why have n't i really heard about this in holland ? 
  and when i search for some information , all i get is low grade sites reporting this . 
  even the political party listed in the article as wanting the ban has nothing about it on their site . 
  ah , clear . 
  thanks !, 
  can someone just explain to me how we won anything with that performance ? 
  it looks like he tried to stand up but he could n't do it . 
  was the aim only to get the bar up on his chest while squatting ? 
  that sounds much better !, 
  wow , that is incredible . 
  i know one person that has a debt like that ( $ 36000 ) , and that is because he did n't graduate in his studies and had to pay back everything . 
  so , i guess in the uk people who can not afford it and are not 100 % sure of getting a killer job with their degrees , do n't go to university , do they ? 
  what are you implying ? 
  that being right on one issue does not mean you 're right on all issues ? 
  do n't be absurd ... 
  wow , that 's cool, 
  even if the media asks protesters what they think , the protesters are n't numerous enough to really influence policy . 
  that 's what i meant with ` nobody is listening ' . 
  the issue is n't perceived as pressing enough for politicians to really do something ( which means less money and time for other issues ) or for people to pressure politicians more . 
  and no , i do n't work at a newspaper . 
  no-one is telling us ? 
  seriously ? 
  `` nobody is really listening to the ear-deafening warnings we get all the time '' , that should be the title . 
  or maybe `` short term thinking in the way of solving the climate crisis '' or `` issues other than climate change with higher perceived priorities are on the minds of people '' . 
  yeah i know , i probably should n't work at a newspaper , 
  well that 's good news . 
  good for you uk !, 
  i hope britain will do just fine after a brexit , i 'm not vindictive . 
  i also hope the eu stays together and reforms so that other countries do n't want to leave . 
  exactly . 
  you are asking people to not get mad over erdogan ? 
  man , you have lost touch with reality ... that is like asking turkish people not to get upset when you insult their country . 
  so , pretty smart from the eu to set it up like this . 
  i guess our diplomats are n't so sucky as everyone here is suggesting , that was my point , 
  yeah well i guess erdogan brought that over himself . 
  because erdogan is also saying that everything he does is justified . 
  people should n't act surprised if that attitude is n't the most popular in europe , right ? 
  everyone here is saying the eu is weak on turkey , but actually they are just sly as hell . 
  arrange for turkey to stop all refugees and they only pay a fraction of the promised 3 billion . 
  on top of that , still no visa-free travelling . 
  how would you feel , if you were turkey ? 
  so good to hear !, 
  here in the netherlands unemployment is also going down again !, 
  go europe !, 
  the weird thing is , britain is n't even out yet . 
  does n't sound to good for them . 
  which i 'm not happy about . 
  thanks for contributing . 
  exactly . 
  i feel france should sell some of those ships and use the money to make their police more efficient and rapid response , as well as setting up programs to try and stop people in the banlieues going over to the extremist side . 
  can someone tell me exactly what ` summoning an ambassador ' means ? 
  to me , it feels like the ambassador hears all the complaints and then discards them , writing a brief report to his government , where some cleric then also discards that reports . 
  erdogan continues on . 
  by the way , thanks for your answers !, 
  okay , so the 25 % will never win from erdogan in an election since he seems to be backed by more than 50 % of the voters . 
  so erdogan will be able to do anything he wants .
