  at occassions when i speak with turkish people i 'm always amazed at how they see everything as propaganda against erdogan . 
  maybe they do have some point there , but they 're overreaching . 
  they 're completely buying his story because they are so nationalist . 
  the only meaningful group of turks that oppose erdogan , live in turkey . 
  what kind of moronic deportation is that ? 
  in cologne ?? 
  what were they doing in cologne ? 
  we are talking about the german city of cologne , are we not ? 
  did they jump out of the deportation bus they were on or something ? 
  actually what you just described is the standard in internet arguments today . 
  and it 's sad ; nothing has to do with the truths or facts anymore , just the truth that fits one 's opinions . 
  i 'm talking about the whole political spectrum here by the way . 
  if you think you know that i 'm really talking about just one side , then you are part of the problem , 
  or the us spending for all of europe maybe ? 
  if by well organized security you mean leading everyone from the bus to the stadium like cattle , then okay , it was poorly organized . 
  but the authorities in france , rightly in my opinion because look at the other games , supposed that there would n't be as much hooligan violence . 
  thank you turks and croats  that is cool to hear, 
  no i did n't imagine that . 
  my god ... only 282 of these people allready inflicted 10 million of damage . 
  and probably an even smaller part actually caused the fire . 
  incredible ... how are they able to look themselves in the eye ? 
  uh , what ? 
  are you being serious ? 
  you know what ; being for or against the eu is really difficult i think . 
  as you say , it 's overall good but there need to be some changes . 
  for example : i hate that the eu wastes massive amounts of money on moving between bruxelles and strassbourg , i hate that they give out exorbitant salaries to thousands of clerks and that it does n't seem like they are to be bothered with creating a good , sober image amongst the eu population . 
  on the other hand i love that the eu is united and that policies are not simply throwing things over the fence into another country , i also love that i can travel anywhere and feel safe and at home and even pay with the same coin . 
  the benefits of the eu are usually a bit hidden ; in trade , in subsidies that are difficult to quantatize . 
  the costs are mostly very visible : countries pay yearly and keep getting fines . 
  why ? 
  that does n't even surprise me actually . 
  the benefits of the eu seem to hold less weight amongst the population than the negatives . 
  that 's why i 'm not too happy with the referenda . 
  okay , so then is there now a deadline for registering for a passport ? 
  that 's seems strange . 
  because people are afraid of loosing self-goverment and are afraid of immigrants and want to close the borders . 
  i do n't agree with them mostly , but they do have some point . 
  but i do n't think referenda are a good idea because these matters are quite complex , and people can easily vote now for something that they will regret in the future . 
  i do n't see it helping . 
  people should just vote for a party that they believe in , and then the party that gets most votes can decide what it thinks is best for the country . 
  that 's probably why i think the uk is better off staying in the eu than leaving . 
  also , almost 90 % of the economists believe it 's wrong to leave . 
  but than again ; most economists probably think about large companies , not about the troubles of average workers . 
  what does ` registration ' even mean ? 
  i mean ; only people with a valid passport id can vote right ? 
  does the government not know where these people live so they can send them the ballots without registration ? 
  wow i did n't know france was so unfavourable to the eu . 
  way more than the uk . 
  so , frexit ? 
  yes the western world probably sees it that way . 
  but the turkish people do n't , not even the ones that live in the west . 
  i see this just as a more polarization between turkey and the west . 
  i mean ; it 's fun to watch and all , but it could get ugly . 
  is that what you make of it ? 
  it appears to me that he is actually getting more and more support in the west amongst turkish people . 
  is that not true then ? 
  did ... did anyone ever tell him what he did by doing that ? 
  well , the president is n't acting much better, 
  these ~ ~ brats ~ ~ people are simply incredible ... 
  yes they are incredible :(, 
  so lgbt people are better off in country a if the other countries treat them worse , but they are less better off if country a treats them the same and the other countries treat them better then before ? 
  yes , that 's very strange ... 
  wtf at the lightbulbs ? 
  why would even a minority of people want that ?? 
  btw ; 9 and 11 percent means the majority does n't want it , so this is nonsense putting it on here indicating that this is ` what brexiters want ' . 
  for starters , because freedom of religion ? 
  you dont know what i mean ? 
  pro-europe is winning , or at least anti-europe is loosing ... 
  to put nexit in perspective : the only party of any meaning that wants nexit , geert wilders ' pvv , is polling less than 20 % of the votes . 
  there is no way they will get into government and i dont forsee an option to get them to influence another coalition into nexit . 
  sure this is helpful for establishment parties but you have to agree : turkey is handling this like it doesnt have a head, 
  nope . 
  wilders is not in the government and people here feel like the government handled this very well, 
  i get your point , it 's been there before . 
  it looks like that graph shows a negative direction over 17 years . 
  the recent up move was countered quickly . 
  but the free press is also making this problem because everyone can write bullshit now . 
  its free , but also confusing and it screws the debates . 
  wow that is quite a lot :o 1.70 to 1.20 , around 30 percent less value in less than 3 years . 
  he does n't think it 's a joke . 
  but it is , in fact , rather a joke than the truth . 
  do n't underestimate symbolism . 
  it often has more real world consequences than actual actions have . 
  if rule by majority legitmates everything , then mass murder could be legitimated in that way . 
  the question is if you would want to live in such a society . 
  if you do n't want too , respecting the rule of law is what you should do . 
  so yeah , rule of law for me please . 
  exactly my thinking as well :(, 
  it 's not . 
  symbolism now is more real than ever , thanks to social media . 
  i bet this makes turkish people feel better , even if it 's just a few mouseclicks . 
  and if it is so little effort , why not do it ? 
  that is beautiful !, 
  what i heard on the news is that a no in this referendum would mean less executive power for central government , which would have supposed to be used to help banks or something ? 
  and that 's why italian banks are now able to crash , creating another euro crisis ? 
  i have no idea what soever if this is a possibility . 
  it seems kinda far fetched to me ... but hey , i know nothing about macro-economics . 
  it 's not political suicide , it 's integrity . 
  if you believe you and the country stand for something and the country prooves to you it does n't you should draw your conclusions . 
  and renzi did .
