i 'm so ashamed of this :( the guy that says that is a total jerk, 
  it 's funny how most people that are against helping the refugees think that somehow they are the majority opinion just because they read a lot of angry comments on the internet . 
  you would think that the more would come , the more they know that their expectations about europe are not true . 
  the whole idea of countries joining the eu is broadening the market for companies in the eu so that we have a solid block . 
  if greece got all this support money i do n't think their entry results in a positive balance as of now . 
  all countries borrow money , indeed . 
  but not all countries have more than their own gdp in debt while having the least effective tax system . 
  if you believe in democracy , you should agree there should be some consequence if wrong choices are made . 
  that does n't happen if you can just forgive big mess-ups and this would n't be fair for the countries that did impose painful austerity on their populations . 
  of course we 're talking about economies here . 
  i did n't say greeks were n't working hard enough . 
  who cares how high their pensions are or how early they quit working ? 
  that should be just a national choice of distribution of wealth and government spending , but it should be based on your own revenue and not purely on loaning . 
  i did say however , that if you want to join a club you have to respect at least some rules , before going off and loaning huges amounts of money as if you have a similar economy to germany , and then try to cover it up . 
  this is of course also a problem of not having enough oversight on this point , but still ; does lack up supervision mean people should n't be held accountable for their mistakes ? 
  so i do n't think i 'm not portraying cultural prejudice . 
  only if it is culturally inherent to get into as much loans as possible and then trying to get the debt dropped , then i would indeed to portray cultural prejudice ; because that kind of culture can not hold in cooperation with other cultures . 
  maybe we need them for the eu , maybe we do n't . 
  there are some more countries that are on the continent that are not in the eu ( swiss , norway , ukraine , whole of former yugoslavia ) , so i do n't think greece is really that critical for the eu 's geopolitical situation . 
  and since you are american : you 're having a more or less likely situation with puerto rico . 
  i 'm very curious how austere the measures there will be after their debacle . 
  because i think your supranational organization will not even give puerto rico the chance to opt out and just put in places austerity . 
  maybe you disagree with the way things will go there too , but it does n't mean the eu is that unreasonable . 
  exactly my thought ; so why would any country want to leave if greece gets out and experiences the problems you 've just described ? 
  if europe with 500 million people has 100 billion in tax evasions and greece with 11 million has 30 billion in tax evasion , i guess i would know who is at the worst at this point . 
  how are the shopkeepers to blame ? 
  in a democracy it should be the shopkeepers ( but also to a great extend the media ) that should keep the government accountable . 
  and that did n't happen in greece . 
  so then : why are shopkeepers in other eu countries to blame for the industriousness of the greek economy ? 
  because you keep forgetting : the money comes out of other shopkeepers pockets . 
  and for the money those shopkeepers allready spent ; they do n't get any thanks ( and no reform ) , but just tsipras stamping his feet because he thinks he did n't get enough money . 
  so , is europe going to fuck over it 's geopolitical protection ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  it is clear that greece is the country that does n't want to cooperate , while countries like ireland and portugal and spain that have been in big trouble , have cooperated . 
  they have made their people angry with austerity , but they are slightly better off now , and probably will be much more better off in the future . 
  european status can fix each others budgets , but that does n't mean sometimes you should n't take your losses . 
  i keep hearing this ; the big failure of europe and all the countries that would be next . 
  but then ; why is greece still trying to stay in the euro-zone ? 
  it has the most critical situation ... you might know ; you think portugal would want to leave the euro-zone ? 
  greece said no only by a span of 10 % , it 's not like everyone wants to leave . 
  look , i 'm all for solidarity and many people here in europe are ( although the ones that are not often get the upper hand in the shouting contest ) , but seriously ... greece needs to man up . 
  you have people evading taxes worth [ 30 billion a year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_evasion_and_corruption_in_greece ) . 
  i 'm sorry , but i feel no sympathy for all these people in greece that are shouting at us in northern europe for calling for austerity . 
  what has your people done to prevent this ? 
  what have your politicians done to prevent this ? 
  what has ( probably the worst one ) your media done to prevent this ??? 
  how can a country have duped administration books without anyone noticing , or worse : without anyone caring ... and now there was a referendum and what do we get ? 
  a cocky tsipras that only wants to stall some time . 
  no , f that . 
  because there are more muslims in germany now . 
  something like that , but i still dont really know how this argument goes . 
  i see it a lot though, 
  `` hungarian , ruled by : does n't matter '' , also a nice knowabout, 
  power costs the same ( $ 0,07 ) in the netherlands , but with taxes and distribution network costs it goes around for $ 0,17 - $ 0,20 . 
  but you should really compare gas prices , since my electrical bill is around 10 times smaller than my gas bill . 
  gas is around $ 0,50 - $ 0,70 per cubic meter ( but i do n't know howmany cups that is in your weird measuring system  ) . 
  how can a man who is quite affluent , but still dodges to pay his dues to society in favor of his own wealth pretend to uphold the society 's best interest ? 
  it is simply astonishing what these people think they can do ... 
  the french are as bad as the belgians . 
  neither of their security apparatus have enough insight in the situation in their own bad neighbourhoods , not enough trust from the people living there to have any meaningful contacts and informers , nor enough good social policy to give the majority of these kids any real hope of making a decent instead of turning against society . 
  mind you ; i 'm not saying it 's the authorities fault that these kids turned bad . 
  i 'm simply observing that for example in the netherlands things are much better than in belgium or france because of more social policy aimed at these people . 
  well , just heard that they did receive a tip, 
  i do n't know what arab-born means though , i do n't know of any country by the name of arab . 
  and i do n't think there 's a lot of saudia-arabians in the netherlands , so that 's probably not even it . 
  listen , every issue of news about some economy in europe is bad right now . 
  just enjoy the good things while they last :p, 
  i was trying to find the article in some other newspaper , but could n't find it . 
  i would think it should at least be in multiple papers if it 's true . 
  yeah well back in those days taking in refugees was something like : hello there , here have some tents and potatoes . 
  now , not so much . 
  1 million is a huge strain on budget of course . 
  man cant anybody post a correct story anymore ? 
  this going back and forth with the facts is hurting all discussion as everybody is choosing the stories in the media that suits his/her opinion ... 
  so why doesnt turkey , because politics ? 
  simply because erdogan is crazy ? 
  i can guess , but what is the real reason estonia is n't shooting down those aircraft after contacting them like turkey did ? 
  wow ... after reading some of you comments ... 
  i 'm not to sure anyone would want someone as stuck up and full of self pity like you . 
  the great fault is seeing trump supporters as idiots and not seeing they voted because they actually are perceiving problems . 
  in the eu we are making the same mistakes . 
  we should care more about the people that are voting for the far right and not just laugh at them and call them names . 
  after all they also have a say . 
  novak djokovic ? 
  oh so lithuania is the only country that has a crystal clear history , that is special !!, 
  where are you from , oh wait ... lol, 
  so why is tibet overrun by han chinese ? 
  please , name one country that had the power to be imperialistic and yet was n't . 
  as you say , russia is in no way special . 
  wtf , close to two hours on average ? 
  really slovenia ? 
  how clean does your house have to be ... ? 
  damn , these yankees really got this economics thing down ... 
  except that they import quite a lot more than they export now so that 's a problem for them , they ca n't buy all their products as cheapily . 
  i know there are a lot of arguments against having a high valued coin ... 
  but for a net importer like the uk , it is bad to have reduced value now , right ? 
  i 'm curious as well . 
  the only thing i know is the same is that if you would 've asked anyone in politics or on the street in 1913 if a war could break out , they would 've laughed and declared you mad ... 
  shouldnt this guy be given a full on naturalization to stimulate this behaviour ? 
  i mean , if they give it to footballplayers , they can give it for these type of heroes as well ...
