  i have never had one since id was more than enough . . 
  we are more similar than you think , our cultures were mixing together for centuries . 
  sorry guy , memes from wykop are n't the best source . 
  i have been to marsz niepodleglosci and it 's definitely not pro-pis - some people might be for current government , but most of them were anti-po and pro-polish ( i do n't like ` nationalistic ' term ), 
  come on dude . 
  the average age on pis marches is even higher , do n't manipulate . 
  this video is worthy to see for people who do n't know what is going on in poland . 
  it 's pretty much accurate . 
   but i 'm moving to either the us , canada or australia asap . 
  why ? 
  england is such a beautyful place . 
  okay , makes sense . 
  have a nice evening my albanian friend . 
  cheers from civilisation . 
  why so rude ? 
  well , i have heard that poles and czechs coexist pretty well in places which are split between poland and czech republic . 
  some people may say we are very similar , but we have historical and language diffrences , and many many other ones . 
  actually , your chickens have come home to roost swedes . 
  your government invited them to your country , and then started demanding to eu for help - it was a little irresponsible , was n't that ? 
  i support danes in this case . 
  i guess it could have developed undoubtedly better if we were not under soviet influence . 
  i think it might be hard for you getting here , since ( i guess ) you are not eu citizens - immigration visa procceses are complicated for people who are not eu passport holders . 
  not sure what are the immigration rules for canadians . 
  that 's not really true . 
  i see a lot of cars on dutch , lithuanian , czech plates , some of them are russian or ukrainian too . 
  everyday i hear some eastern languages ( ukrainian/russian/something else ) , especially in public transport . 
  if students live in cities where major universities are placed , then they live with their parents until they graduate , or move out after a year or so and rent an apartment . 
  if they live somewhere in rural areas , then they usually get some financial support from their parents and move to bigger cities in order to get decent degree . 
  some of them try to get some financial independance by connecting work with studies , some are more interested in student life . 
  it is not like i like you because you are better or worse neighbours . 
  i just like you guys , you are always welcome here , if having good intentions . 
  our relationship has improved a lot for the last 20 years . 
  nowadays germans are perceived positively here , i see a lot of tourists from germany . 
  merkel breached our good relations a little recently , but in fact , i think they are still positive . 
  personally , i have nothing against you guys . 
  go back to the uk then , its economy is doing way better than french one . 
  where are you originally from ? 
  i really doubt anyone would have anything against you . 
  our countries have a lot in common nowadays , we are doing business with each other , our tourism is growing ( sometimes in wroclaw it is hard to hear other language than german ) , etc. 
  basically , you 're welcome here . 
  so stop , we 'll be alright without your money , lmao . 
  in reality , we contribute more than we get from you . 
  furthermore , there 's nothing positive in such brain drain . 
  do you really think that ceos of big companies will be happy and are going pay that cash in taxes or raise salaries of lower level employees ? 
  nah , they will pay taxes in some tax heaven like cyprus or luxembourg . 
  i do n't know where does this hatred towards wealthier people come from inside you , commies . 
  your ideas are unreal and will only damage our economy . 
  yeah , with adrian zandberg suggesting 75 % of income tax , just to `` equalize '' society - he confirmed , that it is not any going to improve our country 's budget , and is clearly ideological . 
  this guy hates resourceful people . 
  it is pure marxism - leninism . 
  so you basically want to introduce centrally planned economy back again , after almost 25 years of constant growth ? 
  no chance fellow commies , poles are not going to rise to the bait of your marxist dream . 
  republikanie , the wipler 's movement had 10 % in polls too , and they have never been oficially registered . 
  i think most people do n't give a shit whether you 're gay or not . 
  they are being against homosexuality just because they have been taught for their whole life to `` lmao , fuck gays '' . 
  actually , it is nothing bad . 
  if you move to another country , you should speak the local language as much as possible , in order to become fluent . 
  that is the best way to integrate with locals too . 
  if children will stick only with their national groups , it is going to cause huge problems in the future . 
  as far as i know , austria is not considered to be eastern europe . 
  but i might be wrong . 
  us debt in nominal numbers does n't really matter , as long as you have it in your own currency . 
  your economy is wealthy enough to be stable with such debt . 
  well , it is called brain drain . 
  people would normally go to unis in england instead of to scottish ones . 
  well , for me it is unfair too , because english people are eu citizens , therefore they should be treated as same as us . 
  not to mention that european union is not the only union connecting scotland and england - you are both part of the united kingdom / great britain . 
  is n't it free from tuition fees for eu students ? 
  i know how it works as i 've been reading a lot about it , as i am going to study in the uk - applying to unis scotland for 2016 entry . 
  in scotland , i wo n't have to pay off tuition fees loan , as it is being funded by state for eu/scottish students . . 
  i am neither british nor left winger , but torries + lib dems fucked up tuition fees in your country . 
  it is barely affordable for people to pay 9000 pounds of tuition fees in england . 
  some may say that there are interest free loans - but is it normal to graduate having more than 30k debt ? 
  what the heck are you talking about . 
  i have been earning ~ 2400zl a month as a high school student during summer holidays . 
  if you are a looser , then you simply wo n't find a decent job . 
  if you graduated some shitty course at 3rd league university , and have no experience , then what are you expecting ? 
  i still think that hungary are our the biggest bros , i would be the first helping you in need . 
  however , we are way too dependant economically from germany , so we ca n't just ignore their importance in our foreign policy, 
  i think the usa and germany . 
  nowadays , they are our the most improtant military and economical allies . 
  sorry hungary , i love you , but our ways ( in terms of politics ) splitted years ago :(, 
  no , it is a big mistake and simplification . 
  also , i would n't call islam just a religion - it is a whole system , with its own laws , and stuff . 
  it all began when i was 3 - we had english lessons in our preschool . 
  but what actually pushed me further , was the need of english knowledge in games - i remember i was asking my dad what some words stand for . 
  then i had some extra english lessons in my primary school , which gave me a lot - but to be honest , the biggest progress i made was in junior high school , where i finally became able to express my feelings and communicate with others . 
  by the end of the year , i will have been learning english for 16 years . 
  gdp is always given in usd , my friend . 
  it is exactly the same thing like with screen size - almost noone writes it in cms , they always give it in inches ( i guess that most of europeans would n't be able to say how much cms are in inch ), 
  the thing is we wanted to join nato and the eu - noone forced us to do that , whereas we havent been even asked if we want to join eastern bloc . 
  see ? 
  countries ask for american presence in their countries , doing everything to prevent russians getting in . 
  i doubt there 's any country willing to become russian state ( excluding maybe syria ), 
  calm down , noone is going to demand any reperations officially . 
  they are doing some filthy populisting internal policy basing on `` divide et impera '' methods . 
  i am pretty sure they wo n't rule that long guys . 
  i see many spanish people working here already , many of them work in engineering jobs ( e.g factories ) . 
  they seem to like this country and enjoy their work . 
  a lot of companies need english and spanish speaking employees , so you might look for some job offers here .
