  as an eu citizen you might move to the uk . 
  their economy is a little more stable than finland 's one , and you 'd feel like at home too . 
  it 's not a racism , it 's the common sense . 
  letting shitload of illiterate people in is not going to end up well . 
  those people do not show any willingness of assimilation - the problem with them is that they put their faith above nationality/residency , which may lead to ghettos to be created in the future . 
  we got no chance to integrate that amount of people with the society , especially that they are significantly diffrent culturally than us . 
  i think i understood it correctly . 
  those `` bloody polaks '' are a fucking flywheel for your economy . 
  and as far as i know , polish is not a race , it 's the nation . 
  uk / ireland . 
  people from british isles are awesome , i do love your sense of humor . 
  i would n't mind living somewhere in germoney too , just the language is awful . 
  living in the netherlands would be nice too , you guys are pretty liberal , and your bike culture is very developed . 
  you seem to be the most reliable guy i 've ever seen . 
  i am very impressed by your application . 
  good luck , i hope you 'll become a moderator - we need people like you . 
  i did n't , i swear  !, 
  if i did , you 'd get a notification about the new comment . 
  i 've just edited this comment , you can see the diffrence between them near date and points . 
  cheers !, 
  read my comment again . 
  i will enlighten you - i said that we do n't need more cultural `` enrichment '' from africa . 
  if that goes so far , we may witness very far-right people getting into power , which may lead to another holocaust . 
  we need to get this shit together and tighten our borders , like australians . 
  common army ; common government , which would n't be as powerful as federated government ; common educational system, 
  federation is likely not to be introduced , at least for next 50 years , but confederation ? 
  who knows . 
  so what do you think we should do ? 
  if you 'll get a topic which you have no idea what to tell about , then you 're done . 
  the matura exam has changed last year , and they do n't inform you about syllabus you need to know . 
  they may ask you a question from any obligatory literature that you should have read within education ( so it might be even a book which you had to learn being 9 yo lol ), 
  yeah , we definitely need to get our shit together . 
  have a nice shooting mate !, 
  hey , i am in warsaw , been to the gym today , about to meet with friends to have some conversation and stuff . 
  have a nice day !, 
  actually , us presence here does n't make me any enslaved . 
  also , take a look at freedom of speech rankings and see that you 're very low there . 
  where 's your freedom russia ? 
  i have n't seen such a bollocks for a long time . 
  posh ( british ) english . 
  it sounds cool for me . 
  i live in warsaw , we are diffrent than the rest of poland . 
  lmao , it is not a bribery . 
  just our health services equivalent to nhs are underinvested and doctors need to accept people privately , as there are no more `` slots '' . 
  but it is going to be changed with computerization of those services . 
  by 2020 we are going to reach gdp per capita of $ 34,406 which is pretty close to italy - considered to be western europe . 
  the corruption almost does n't exist here - trying to bribe an officer causes instant jail . 
  our infrastructre is so damn good nowadays - to be honest , i compare it to the german one , as i visit both countries very often . 
  what is wrong with our restaurant culture ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  i had a dutchfriend who kept telling `` kankerhoer '' , and he was from the hague . 
  which is actually not true , i live in warsaw for 18 years and never been mugged , or anything here . 
  yeah , but i am applying for 2016 course , so got ta wait some time . 
  thank you , i will :d !, 
  i hope we 'll ever hang out and have a beer !, 
  going to study in scotland , prepare for new polish invadersss !, 
  to be honest , i have never heard about britons calling us stupid . 
  well , i doubt he 'll be punished for a jail . 
  i 'd rather say that he 's going to be taken into probation . 
  well , there are more than 400 000 of ukrainian migrants here , most of them stay on temporary visas . 
  low quality bait , 2/10 . 
  well , in 2011 warsaw was making 196 % of average eu gdp per capita . 
  please , get the hell out of my pocket . 
  how come that someone may just take fruits of my work ? 
  let 's say that i was working on some project for 3 years , earned like a million usd , and some far-left prick will take 75 % of my cash , just because he thinks i do n't need as much , and he would give it to others . 
  do you think that it 's fair ? 
  yup , unfortunately in 2020 it is still going to be a gap between poland and romania , according to imf approximations . 
  http://statisticstimes.com/economy/countries-by-projected-gdp-capita-ppp.php i am actually very happy that we keep closing the gap between eastern and western eu . 
  i hope it will be pretty much the same by 2030-2035, 
  rassija for life ! 1 ! 1 !!, 
  that 's true , a lot of spanish people moved here , mostly because of erasmus , but also because of a job . 
  central/eastern yurop does n't know what you 're talking about :d, 
  because we have different migration policies , different welfare system and many other things . 
  they want to go to germany , not to poland or czech republic . 
  we simply can not stop them from moving inside schengen area . 
  also , you simply can not make a sovereign state to take certain amount of people who will most likely cause problems and nothing more . 
  you might be right , but for me such teeth are just disgusting . 
  especially that as far as i know , the person is related to bbc and should somehow care about his general look . 
  older people in my country tend to put efforts in it too . 
  what 's wrong with this guy 's teeth ? 
  i 've found out that many britons do not care about it , is dental care that poor in the uk ? 
  sounds cool , i was considering bavaria for my intern once i graduate , 
  france and germany push `` ever closer union '' , where our countries would be omited during some negotiations ( something like 2nd class nations . ), 
  basically , german interests are often against polish ones , eg . 
  nord stream ii which does not give any economical advantages to germans , just the political ones and is highly against polish interests . 
  to clarify : i do not see neither france nor germany as our opponents , we are in one union , just split in `` two camps '' . 
  btw : please , show my nation some respect and start `` the poles '' from a capital letter . 
  thank you in advance brother , 
  it 's bad from poland 's perspective - uk helps in countering the eurozone countries . 
  the stronger non-ez flank is , the better for us . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i have met some finnish people working here , mainly in corporations and they like it here . 
  try to find a job as finnish + english speaker somewhere in central europe - there are many shared servce centers , or companies which outsource their financial agendas here . 
  you 'd be doing well in warsaw . 
  i 've found one within less than a minute though http://www.pracuj.pl/praca/hr-advisor-with-finnish-danish-mazowieckie,oferta,4401514, 
  sure , but nothing is impossible  !, 
  congratulations , keep up the good work . 
  let 's show others that we , ce/ee can be as strong economically as western europe, 
  i doubt that any of these countries would leave the european union . 
  pretty abstract concept .
