actually , no problem with you . 
  i know some guys from erasmus , they are ok . why have you been called a racist , and where do you live ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  those words are just normal nomenclature , i am scared od this whole political correctness . 
  what 's wrong in calling black people black or for example polish people `` poles '' ( as same as calling turkish people turks ) . 
  btw : racism is only when you discriminate other race , e.g. 
  you are insulting black people just for being black ; racism is not when you insult other nation . 
  it 's called xenophobia . 
  uneducated people use `` racism '' as a word for every discrimination , i am sick of that . 
  that is why i just inform you that we prefer to be called central europeans - we are trying to change people 's minds about the region . 
  what is the first thing you think about when someone tells about `` eastern europe '' ? 
  for me it is definitely voodka , terrible roads , lots of snow and people in some commies ' hats . 
  i might have said it in a wrong way - i do not feel insulted by being called eastern european , however , i would feel better if someone called me a central european . 
  anyways , thank you for understanding my point of view , i get that for most of people we are considered to be eastern - and that is why i am trying to somehow push any non-aggresive campagin in the internet about us being central , 
  i get that you do n't want to insult us - therefore i do not get any upset when someone call me an eastern european - i just inform that i preffer to be called central european . 
  that is what i exactly meant . 
  and calm down bro , i understand that it is all because of the brutal history , but gosh , nowadays we are all european brothers . 
  have a nice evening  !, 
  because it is an insult for us . 
  is it any hard to understand ? 
  russia/ussr has always been an enemy for us , we always associeted our country to be central . 
  also , nowadays when we are part of the western world it is really unfair to call us eastern europeans , so people may compare us to for example ukrainians , who still have some connections with russia . 
  i would really appreciate if you stop calling poland eastern europe , as same as baltic countries . 
  sounds kinda familiar for me , however there are a few diffrences : - gosh , washing hands after peeing is obligatory here . 
  - going to the pub without having a cig ? 
  no way , cigarettes are must have . 
  -11 pm curfew ? 
  that 's very early , people are leaving pubs at like 1-2 am . 
  also , who the heck would pay a service charge in a pub ? 
  did you mean central europe ? 
  because it is going to do significant changes in our societies . 
  and accepting them as a refugees ( even those who are n't refugees and are just economic migrants ) is a green light for further migration of africans to europe . 
  the biggest problem is that they have no willingness of integration here - just take a look at statistics from your country - http://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/menu/themas/dossiers/allochtonen/publicaties/artikelen/archief/2015/zeven-van-de-tien-somaliers-in-de-bijstand.htm i guess noone would be bitching if those migrants were coming from asia ( so let 's say vietnamese people ) . 
  most of current refugees just seek for social benefits , which you can see from many interviews with them . 
  in addition , we ca n't save a whole world from war/poverty . 
  accepting shitload of migrants here is not any going to change situation in syria and generally africa . 
  not to mention that such a huge braindrain is somehow catastrophy for them . 
  diffrent calculating methods . 
  heh , i am going to move to the uk for the uni in the next year , so i 'll declare war against all those conservative islamic nazis . 
  let 's see who 'll win - one man army pole , or bunch of retarded extremists . 
  i do n't give a shit about being called islamophobic , since i can call them xenophobic and slavophobic , 
  ow shit mate , are n't you tired after literally 8 years of po 's government ? 
  their explanation of everything was `` it 's because of the pis '' . 
  the most carcinogenic in polish politics . 
  have n't you even considered this nowoczesnapl ? 
  i think your perception of our country is kinda skewed . 
  according to eurostat , our unemployment is 7,8 % ( whilst eu one is 9.8 % , in eurozone 11,3 % ), 
  march guards . 
  we got 2 mosques in our capital city , warsaw ( having over 2m population ), 
  police could form a shield like on this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfjez17xhbq, 
  could n't they call for water gun support to prevent them passing through the border , like hungarians did ? 
  they do n't give a fuck about our rules , laws , and stuff . 
  europe , please , wake up . . 
  heh , this is all because of our mentality . 
  we do know that wealth comes from work - in that case we are similar to germans . 
  claiming benefits and waiting for someone to help is not in our culture , we have been under annexation for 123 years , then we had this 20 years of freedom after wwi , then wwii and 45 years under other annexation , being satellite of soviet union . 
  we always had to noodle around . 
  well , i 've been very pro-eu lately . 
  now i ca n't say i am eu-sceptic , but i am not as eu enthusiast as i used to be . 
  frau merkel literally fucked our `` european dream '' . 
  luckily denmark supports v4 according to refugee quotas . 
  they probably didnt ask about denmark . 
  no data about you . 
  but from what can i say , people generally have nothing against you . 
   the problem is - like most normal people - i 'm scared to voice such opinions for fear of being called racist or xenophobic . 
  so , like the rest , i stay quiet and just read other people 's comments . 
  until writing this post , of course . 
  that is where the freedom of speech ends . 
  when you are scared to share your opinion because of the fear of being called a racist for example . 
  western world became sick , it does not respect it 's basic values anymore . 
  tell me why people from central/eastern europe can use a common sense and not be afraid of being called xenophobic or so ? 
  we are not guests in our own countries , we can decide whether we want to take 10 000 of non-integrating people ( because to be honest , the only non-assimilating people in europe seem to be from the middle east . 
  have you ever seen complains about asians , so let 's say chinese or vietnamese ? ), 
  we are open-minded to every migrant , who does not cause a threat , and is integrating with the society . 
  how much complains have you heard about ukrainians , vietnamese , chinese people in poland ? 
  i have n't heard much , noone really wanted to kick them out or so . 
  we just do n't want fighting islamic africans . 
  300 people attended on pro-immigration march , 
  islam is a whole system , defining every aspect of your life . 
  it is not just religion and faith . 
  it is a danger like nazism or communism , if being fundamental . 
  i 'd send our army to help our hungarian brothers . 
  i live in warsaw , poland , and i got 120 mbps for 69 zl / month ( circa 15 pounds ) . 
  my max would be 250 mbps , but i dont need that much . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it is about all refugees . 
  they can be either syrians or some other africans . 
  the thing is you ca n't verify them since they destroted their papers somewhere in the sea , when being smuggled . 
  and you do n't know where to send them back . 
  statistics ? 
  i 'll give you a few examples . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/8054403/britains-coping-classes-at-breaking-point.html half of muslim men and three quarters of muslim women are unemployed . 
  do you need more to understand that they are basically sucking our fruits of labour ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  they are already safe in countries like turkey . 
  they just want welfare , most of them are economical immigrants . 
  i would have no problem with them if they shared our cultural values , and work normally , like others . 
  also , the thing is that they do n't want to stay in poland - they openly say that their destination is germany . 
  i am going to protest if my country will accept 10k of possible threat . 
  no way we will accept them .
