  lol i literally work in such a company . 
  but i do n't think they would appreciate this for a logo . 
  exactly , why not prostitutes if you are so starved ? 
  it is n't that expensive . 
  you need to seek legal advice , not advice on mental health . 
  you did n't write in which country you live in so we ca n't know what is possible to do in your country with a possibly dangerous psychotic guy . 
  you took really smart steps and reddit is not really a place to give you such complicated advice now . 
  anyway it 's been 4 days since your post so i guess everything is resolved by now , somehow . 
  if it 's not and you still think we can help you , while not being lawyers , tell more about what happened in last days . 
  i made an appointment with a psychiatrist and they did n't ask about anything before the visit . 
  remember that psychiatrists see tons of people like you every day , and tons of people that are really much much worse and literally crazy . 
  your problems are not uncommon and something to be ashamed of . 
  psychiatrist is a doctor and is focused on helping you , not judging you . 
  every psychiatrist i met was extremely nice and caring about everything that bothered me : ) . 
  you do n't have to think too much about what to say , they will know what to ask about . 
  you sound like you are stressed out about your life and this can sometimes be impossible to deal with on your own . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure some medications would help you to chill out a little until you get better . 
  just do n't be afraid of doctors , they do n't bite : ), 
  what is not useless then ? 
  talking about how everything is horrible ? 
  lol . 
  support role is not defined by being adcs bitch . 
  support is a fifth player that does n't have stable income from one of three lanes or own jungle and is focused on enabling own team and disabling enemy team . 
  period . 
  lol nunu without using q on jungle camps is half a champion . 
  what else parts of champion kits are forbidden for supports ? 
  maybe supports should n't cast damage spells and autoattacks because they could ks their carry and that 's not what supports are supposed to do ? 
  you have old client . 
  in the new one support icon is placed near botlane , but actually somewhere in the jungle . 
  ( because this is important argument ... 
  somehow ? ), 
  you should look into if there 's a way to force a person to be placed in a mental health institution against their will because you fear for your and your family 's safety . 
  there is such a possibility in my country so there should be in us as well . 
  first you can ask some doctors , or if that 's an option for you a lawyer , or even research it online . 
  i do n't think you will be able to resolve this situation on your own . 
  this is not possible . 
  someone who 's experienced working in mental health care has to be able to recognize when someone who is sick claims that he 's not . 
  he was just hospitalized and now they just believe him when he pretends everything is all right ?? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  you have to push for official diagnosis and for social services to treat your concerns seriously . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's riven mains . 
  black cleaver is onhit . 
  it applies ... an effect ... when you hit someone . 
  bard lane is usually a weak poke lane . 
  that means bard is great vs melee tanks but terrible vs heavier poke like zyra . 
  zyra does everything that bard does in lane , but ten times better . 
  the only thing in bard 's kit better than in zyra 's kit is utility in e and r and way better roams . 
  all of these things are very hard to capitalize on in yoloq and lower elos . 
  does n't matter if you 're a godlike bard if your teammates choose to ignore your tunnels . 
  you could be a zyra instead , and everybody would definitely know how to react to your * doing damage * . 
  that 's all the difference , this is why he 's okay competitive but quite bad in ranked . 
  sure , hope that helps . 
  you 're strong , you can manage that . 
  it was probably a good decision . 
  the point is exactly `` pushing some champions/roles/builds out or in to some place is not always bad , it can be good and healthy '' . 
  that applies to solo lane soraka and that applies to ranged/melee only items . 
  thank you man . 
  if not for you , i would n't notice . 
  i 'm curious too . 
  yeah i think losing games should n't be allowed . 
  this is why after my team loses my game i make sure to report them all . 
  personally i have n't ever lost a game , but i sometimes get people in my team who do that . 
  there is no rule that states `` as support you have to stay botlane '' . 
  have you even read his post ? 
  just report people for losing games . 
  i hate when they do that . 
  also every yasuo just for existing . 
  i understand that he wants to play yasuo , but i do n't want him to play yasuo . 
  fuck your fun , i want to win . 
  okay ? 
  you realize that nunu and singed are champs that can carry games by running around and dying a lot , right ? 
  i 've been playing for 2.5 years and i only enjoy it more and more ... 
  i 'm curious too . 
  is there like any proof of that ? 
  yesterday i played a ranked where panth ulted on half hp enemy inhib and instead of taking it down died immediately . 
  two times . 
  i thought that having global ult makes you maintain * some * level of map awareness . 
  but nope . 
  will there be a chart for male champs too ? 
  out of the guinea pig . 
  i do n't get that , is she not allowed to talk to any other people or was she flirting ? 
  ... relevant flair ? 
  i still do n't get implications from that . 
  her boyfriend is a rich dude from twitch so obviously she somehow got to know him in the first place . 
  even if she did n't before , now that she 's dyrus ' gf probaby she has a lot of friends that are related to twitch , streaming , gaming etc. , some of whom are more or less rich . 
  so what ? 
  she has a boyfriend so she should n't talk or be friendly to people that are similar to him , is that what you 're saying ? 
  yup . 
  when will it be here ? 
  hey , disabled people want sex too :(, 
  lol so not agreeing with some riot employee decision is now a witch hunt ? 
  dude you are delusional . 
  basically this . 
  rioter 's words = proof . 
  some other guy 's words = total lie . 
  seriously ? 
  what evidence do you have to accuse this guys of lying other than a message from riot support ? 
  as long as that 's the most efficient way to play the champ . 
  nunu needs to q jungle camps and is excellent at counterjungling and objective control but terrible in lane . 
  the guy would probably win a lot less if as nunu he stayed botlane with exhaust .
