  `` you will get punished for it '' ?? 
  if you are already a screen away ? 
  yeah sure . 
  can you remind me why do even champions exist in this game ? 
  because i thought it 's because riot wants people to play them . 
   not to mention if i wanted to play a dps mage with pick potential and ranges similar to ryze and cassiopeia , i 'd play ryze and cassiopeia . 
  who else am i going to pick if i want to play an extreme range dps mage ? 
  that 's a good point , there 's not many ap champs like this . 
  maybe kog ` maw , but that 's it . 
  no it would n't ? 
  ori 's range and dps are way worse than azir 's . 
  also she 's way more utility-driven . 
  they would totally have their healthy niches . 
  also i do n't see how it 's a bad thing that he would be more similar to a balanced mage champ : ^ ), 
  wow . 
  that 's an interesting idea . 
  it would be something like ... zyra ? 
  i like it . 
  yeah maybe let 's just say `` balanceable '' . 
   azir 's core gameplay should stay true to how he was for 3 years he has been in the damn game . 
  so you want him to infinitely stay bugged and in broken -  unusable -  broken -  unusable cycle . 
  got it . 
  cass has worse range and 0 mobility . 
  you want azir to keep crazy mobility and safety while being hypercarry . 
  well this is simply not how you achieve a balanced champ . 
  the only other champion close to your azir fantasy is tristana , who has worse dash , worse range and worse ult . 
  making azir early-mid game weaker would mean removing his safety net ( worse ult , dash , range , passive ) , so there actually would be some condition as to whether he has time to become this godly hypercarry late or not . 
  this would only make him more binary , harder to play , frustrating and worse in soloq . 
  not sure how is that an improvement . 
  you work at graveyards at night ? 
  sounds a bit terrifying . 
  what is your job ? 
  yeah i call both . 
  i would give you a small aurum circle but i wo n't because it would be made of metal ~ ~ too ~ ~ , ha ha, 
  user ~ ~ id ~ ~ name checks out, 
  i 'm not native speaker , no chance for me to get that the first time : d. thanks for the explanation !, 
  come on , thresh has only 3 cc spells . 
  from which one gives mobility and one is an engage and a disengage . 
  oh and he has a great save for his carries . 
  that is also an engage tool which can zone entire lane when enemy jungler or mid is missing . 
  i mean come on man . 
  this is clearly not an overloaded kit / s, 
  this is me . 
  i do n't need to play the games right when they are released . 
  amount of money saved on that is unbelievable . 
  he disappeared . 
  it 's better than tahm w , it has huge range . 
  it 's actually one of my most hated skills in league to play against . 
  why would i want it ? 
  i do n't want to own a sub . 
  it 's not the matter of them dropping faker because we dislike faker specifically . 
  i dislike skt as a whole because it 's making all competitions boring , and faker too because he 's part of it . 
  it 's more like - all the other teams put so much effort in only to be pretty sure they wo n't win worlds anyway . 
  it 's rng whether skt meets their cryptonite this year or not . 
  it 's pretty boring and discouraging to watch tens of matches during the event having the feeling that they `` do n't really matter '' . 
  all competitions are more interesting when chances are more even . 
  there 's no fun in watching majority of the teams getting roflstomped . 
  how dare you . 
  quickly , let 's downvote this guy . 
  this must not be allowed !!!, 
  sure , i want close games and exciting competition , but it does n't actually mean i want skt to get worse . 
  it would be great if everyone else got better . 
  on the other hand , this is not realistic expectation because it seems there 've been years and years and gap is never closing ... 
  i just want something , anything to happen to make the games fun to watch , and if that 's faker having heart attack , so be it ... 
  i mean , there 's being powerful and there 's winning half of world championships to date ... 
  ahhhh how comes it 's not upvoted . 
  we need more sheet scores !, 
  lol music is soooo amazing !, 
  if they released kindred score for piano i 'd be in heaven . 
  i need to go back to school and start a school band asap, 
  thanks !, 
  i got asked `` what do you do in your free time '' at a job interview , when i was depressed , and in english which is my second language . 
  i was like `` uhhh i mean ... 
  i play video games ... and sleep ? '' . 
  got the job so it seems i nailed it . 
  the illustration for this article is glorious . 
  hey its me ur brother, 
  i would n't buy any of the skt skins simply because i do n't want any of them , but i 'm still pissed that riot is inconsistent about skin pricing . 
  because when i actually want to get some skin in the future it might be overpriced since they will think it 's all right to do that . 
  better to protest right when someone does something different than they promised . 
  then let us complain in peace . 
  they do n't need defenders you know . 
  they are big grown up independent company and can handle customer complaints . 
  it is their choice to put so much time in skins that are 975 tier . 
  and you talk like the skins team gets something from riot screwing over its customers , lol . 
  yup it was so stupid . 
  i loved it . 
  / r/ofcourseitsathing, 
  lol it 's so stupid i love it . 
  meh you mean like illness is extremely personal ? 
  there are millions of support groups for ill people , i do n't see anything weird in talking to strangers about each other 's similar health issues . 
  i 'm a part of the discussion , if you did n't notice . 
  even assuming she was like 15-16 when they dated , i would still expect * some * empathy towards others even from a teenager . 
  yeah you 're right , let 's just let rich people be heartless and clueless . 
  i 've been banning blitzcrank for a long time but when you describe that i 'm actually getting excited to see him in the enemy team . 
  it 's actually not that easy to prevent all the blitz hooks as morgana , especially in lategame when your genius team decides to scatter all across the map . 
  and morgana in herself is not that amazing against blitz . 
  she has one shield and then only some damage that wo n't kill him anyway . 
  for me , the real blitz counter is leona , who can just stand in front of her adc all the lane phase , not die when she get hooked , and mid-late she 's as good as blitz for all inning on single carries , so at worst she can counterengage . 
  but she 'd fill the hole in his heart ...
