  easy , all problems with sexism magically solved . 
  try to `` use a voice changer program '' , as it seems to be a great advice , and play , let 's say , 10 games with voice comm with strangers `` as a woman '' . 
  i assure you that you will quickly notice the problem . 
  i always play ranked alone , no way i will opt in to deal with cringy horny teenagers every time i want to grind some elo . 
  it 's not about ability to mute anyone who says something wrong , it 's about my 0 willingness to deal with it . 
  i can get that if someone flames me for feeding or being bad , or just because they are angry ingame , but it 's just stupid to be flamed in lol for irl serious things like gender , politics , religion or stuff like this . 
  i just want to play the childish game and chill , not to deal with actual * personal * harassment . 
  let 's say you are black , liberal , christian . 
  let 's say in some magical world these feats can be instantly recognized in voice chat and there 's a big chance for being harassed ingame just for belonging to one of these groups . 
  would you really want to potentially deal with this kind of harassment every time when you queue up for ranked ? 
  unlike silly things like `` get cancer you retarded feeder i fuck ur mom '' , sexism actually hurts and has real consequences . 
  you are a nice person , are n't you . 
  yes it can be hurtful in some circumstances , but it 's not intended to hurt you in a personal way . 
  unless you announce this fact to everyone . 
  well , i experienced harassment firsthand , what 's there to believe or not believe ? 
  it really happens , women do n't pull it out of their asses . 
  you refuse to try yourself , you refuse to believe people who experienced that , you will probably wo n't believe if i tell you that rito researched that and found that toxicity towards women is significantly worse than towards men in the exact same circumstances . 
  i 'm sorry but i can not make you believe if you choose to close your mind to things that do n't affect you personally . 
  if this became a solution , it would be a disgrace to this community . 
  i meant it 's a generic insult , not one supposed to take advantage of your actual personal characteristics . 
  yes , this will surely make people take me as seriously as a random man . 
  lol . 
  if it would be possible to hear over voice chat that you are christian or black , people would insult you over that too . 
  it 's not about gender , it 's about something specific to you as a person . 
  i mean wtf it 's like you are telling people who get offended by people who want to offend them to stop being offended because this way people who want to offend them win . 
  what the fuck ? 
  it 's not people who get offended who are the problem here . 
  i mean , just stop wanting to be treated equally and wanting to participate in gaming the exact same way men do , and everything be alright : ), 
  [ the trinity force podcast - episode 259 : riot lyte & ghostcrawler discuss player behavior ( with timestamp ) ] ( https://youtu.be/hmsbggzk-pw?t=18m37s ), 
  ( tried to transcribe , but i 'm not native speaker so sorry for gaps ) :, 
  `` one of the interesting things ... from a university study , that shown just having a female voice in the voice chat - so everything exactly the same , even the words people say are exactly the same - just having a female voice is 300 % more harassment received , and that was concerning for us , cause we have a fair amount of female players in league of legends today , especially in ... teritorries , and that would be the ... concern for ... '' . 
  i know that lyte has extremely poor reputation here , and for good reasons , but i do n't think him being lyte changes anything about this study results being true . 
  i think that because i experienced weird shit in voice chat with strangers . 
  all these things happened to me , some of them multiple times , when playing with strangers , during first 30 minutes after i joined their ts/discord :, 
  - insistently asked for my irl name, 
  - insistently asked for my fb link, 
  - insistently asked how do i look like, 
  - insistently asked personal questions ( do you have a boyfriend etc ), 
  - being complimented for no reason and hit on in general ( you have a pretty voice , i bet you have pretty eyes etc ), 
  - completely ignoring my calls or things i say ingame, 
  - getting laughed at if i protest in reaction to any of the above behaviors, 
  none of those things are relevant to the goal i had in mind when joining the voice chat ( communicating and teamwork during a lol game ) . 
  and mind that i was so naive and unprovoking that i literally assumed for a while that people were trying to be awkwardly very friendly to me for no reason . 
  only some time later i realized they were in fact hitting on me in some super straightforward and sometimes creepy ways , literally only because i have female voice . 
  if i think things like this will happen in let 's say 30 % of my ranked games , lol , nah uh , i will probably not opt in . 
  it 's not because i suffer so much and cry when that happens . 
  it 's because do n't want to have to deal with it . 
  i just want to play the damn game . 
  i do n't think you actually realize how often women have to go out of their way to prevent stupid shit happening to them . 
  obviously , i can just not opt into the voice chat , which i plan to do . 
  the point is not that `` i ca n't do anything halp '' , i can stop playing lol altogether if that makes me feel better . 
  the point is that , as a player , i want to use all game functionalities and enjoy it like everyone , and it upsets me that i ca n't because of issues that are external to myself . 
  it 's like i were colorblind - i ca n't stop being colorblind or make all the colors in the world different , but at the very least i can expect riot to acknowledge my issue , take it into account , and make their game more accessible and enjoyable to me . 
  no it 's not . _ . 
  `` boo hoo women say they are harassed all the tiiiime , it makes me feel baaaad , make them stooooop '', 
  who is the one butthurt and oversensitive here ? 
  ca n't you just ignore and mute all these pesky crying women , instead of complaining about them , like a mature grown up man you are ? 
  well , ok , i edited that part . 
  the threads you linked are really sad . 
   '' if i try to interject when some girl/woman is being harassed for no other reason besides her sex , i still do n't really accomplish much besides maybe changing the harassment into an argument . 
  i 'm perfectly willing to do that , but fuck if it is n't annoying . '', 
   that 's actually really important . 
  i was playing overwatch . 
  1 person was being horrible to me , and the other 3 players were quiet . 
  1 person was laughing along . 
  that 's like , 4 people think it 's ok for that one guy to continue harassing someone for their gender , or that they implicitly agree . 
  if you speak up , it 's appreciated to know that you do n't condone that behavior . 
  this this this this . 
  if you do n't know what to do when someone 's harassed , whatever , just do something . 
  if you were harassed just one time in your life , you can probably imagine how important it is for anyone to just speak up and take your side . 
  you are not invisible and unimportant in this situation !, 
  you need to act !, 
  otherwise harassment wo n't ever magically end . 
  i 'm so sorry , i never even thought about it . 
  yeah that would be a bummer for you : (, 
  there 's still a ton of camgirl streams . 
  i think it 's really about `` slutty gamer girls '' appearing as more accesible/relatable or something like this . 
  try being female lol player , then come back here and say you have hope . 
  it 's funny how people who never experienced it all suspect that it 's whining about some single bad cases and not things that happens literally all the time . 
  exactly , i 'm a woman , but when i see another person harassed , i go and help her/him . 
  it 's not even a question whether i should help someone who 's bullied . 
  even if that can get me into trouble , i wo n't have it worse than this person already has . 
  yes , it takes effort to stop people who harass others . 
  it 's not pleasant or nice . 
  but it 's necessary , and in the end worth it . 
  sure , your mother/grandmothers/aunts / female cousins/sisters/girlfriend / wife/daughters/female friends all simply deserve to be treated as worse and less significant than you : ), 
  great it does n't happen for your girlfriend in ow . 
  but it still does happen for a lot of female players in lol , myself included . 
  you do n't even chat or voice or feeding to ruin someone 's lol game if you really want to . 
  no dude only hardcore competitive tough d1 + players are allowed to play and enjoy this game , and all butthurt noobs can go uninstall and kill themselves . 
  ... wait why is lol $ 120 monthly subscription now and playerbase dropped by literally 99 % ? 
  i tried joining a lot of discord/ts channels with randoms some time ago when i had more time and was more competitive about lol . 
  it was not pleasant . 
  it 's your opinion . 
  it 's fine as it is , and voice chat will vastly change it - it 's not clear it will be for the better . 
  it 's a controversial change and there 's no 100 % certainty that lol will end up a better game after it , even if some part of playerbase considered it an improvement . 
  also a lot of people ca n't talk when playing ( family sleeping , shared room etc ) , a lot of people ca n't talk english ( eune and euw - talking and listening is much harder than typing and reading , trust me ) . 
  voice chat was never mandatory to be competitive in this game , even if in super high elo . 
  if now it becomes mandatory , it will upset a very big part of playerbase . 
  noticed that too .
