  thank you !, 
  sona : does multiple things , but not good with anything specific . 
  soraka : does very well one thing and nothing else . 
  apparently somehow both are unhealthy for the game and not allowed to be meta . 
  it does n't . 
  yeah sure , let 's add some awkward skill interactions so we have more stupid shit to remember . 
  i play on eune and according to official page everything besides rp payments is fine there . 
  no , it was not, 
  it 's not my art , but personally i think you people here overthink it a bit and it 's only a well drawn funny observation about children 's way of perceiving the world ( they wanted a ticket so bad , tearing it feels like tragedy , they do n't understand why is it necessary to get to the show ) . 
  i 've even seen some parents commenting it like `` so true , totally happened to me '' . 
  : ) is there some metaphore , maybe , but i think it 's not obvious , it 's a story without one clear point , and definitely leaves some space for interpretation . 
  and no weird reloads, 
  on accident ? 
  lol . 
  i ca n't even re-title this . 
  the point still stands . 
  what a weird rule . 
  ca n't phrases like this get changed to like `` i think that '' ? . . 
  yeah theoretically you can , but it does n't work in most cases . 
  also why would i want to mute my teammate who talks sensible stuff but their champion does n't ? 
  i love you ascii nazi . 
  seriously , froggen why :'(, 
  now i want a champ with fishing passive . 
  it looks exactly like what it does tho, 
  i definitely did this with tahm more than once . 
  i want it wild, 
  have you ever played a game as old , big and complicated at the same time ? 
  i do n't think so , because such game does n't exist . 
  fair enough . 
  bard does n't have a meaningful heal , he provides little to none sustain , very mana consuming and very delayed and unreliable . 
  i mean , sustain in lane is not the reason you pick bard for , it 's just a very small bonus . 
  compared to nami or sona it 's super shit . 
  about janna tho , i think it 's just her kit is packed with utility that does n't depend on her level or ap . 
  if she is ahead she can build mejai , scale well and never die , if she is behind , well , she can build whatever and still never die . 
  unlike alistar or tank supports who need to have items and actually be tanky to be useful , janna is super safe , reliable pick which will be helpful for your disengage comp no matter what . 
  and pros like safe picks . 
  eune when ? 
  lol no . 
  if your adc is shit and you are a good player player you will still be better off taking kills , getting fed , roaming mid and invading enemy jungle to transition early lead to other parts of your team . 
  if some player is dumb even spoonfeeding them 20 kills wo n't help your team . 
  are you a game developer or just have no fucking idea how developing software works ? 
  let me guess . 
  is n't this a bit of runes lottery though ? 
  one who gets right resists wins ? 
  lmao, 
  i do n't know ... is that much ? ... 
  it 's too late, 
  awesome , thanks for the info : ), 
  what ? 
  in professional play ? 
  why did you get sponsored ? 
  just curious . 
  why did you get sponsored ? 
  just curious . 
  ok i understand now , thank you for your answer !, 
  feels weird man, 
  lol . 
  this is actually what probably is gon na happen . 
  what was my life without your lol drawings . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  yeah coz supports just do n't climb ever, 
  nice mid or feed mentality, 
  i mean like , skillshots are super easy concept . 
  you have a skillshot x with range a and speed b. 
  your opponent has movement speed c , and dash y with cd d and range e. your job is to land a skillshot . 
  how hard is this to understand ? 
  literally everyone can land a skillshot not even knowing anything else about the game . 
  of course there 's more to that , but seriously , moving things are not so hard to get , it 's an instinct , we all can reliably not walk under moving cars and catch falling balls . 
  in bronze i had trouble landing skillshots only when i tried to predict dodges but people did n't move at all xd, 
  it 's super cute , i love it . 
  sorry but entire paper is shit without counting in assists . 
  your `` score '' counting method is far worse than any other `` arbitrary '' method that would count something other than kills . 
  i ca n't understand why do n't you use widely accepted kda instead of this useless measure ? 
  adcs want to lasthit people and most supports do n't want to lasthit people . 
  if bards * wanted * to `` ks '' from their carries they would have even better `` score '' . 
  the simplest way to measure performance in a game is kda , kill participation or share of damage dealt . 
  number of kills is some bullshit . 
  the thing is , `` gold being better elsewhere '' is simply not true nowadays . 
  while supports generally do better with low gold income , a support without * any * gold becomes a big minion . 
  you ca n't just buy wards all day every day anymore . 
  seriously you want to have a support with no resists , no ap , no cdr , no ms , no actives , no auras , no pinkwards ? 
  as a support i wo n't give up free gold only because a carry wants it . 
  carry can go farm , push lanes , take kills , take jungle , i have a job which gives a lot less , there 's no gold for placing wards and saving asses . 
  to be honest i would argue that if a completely free gold lies somewhere you should give it to the support so they have more time to ward and roam without losing too much . 
  same thing with jungler , you want them to gank , ok fine , but it 's up to you to not be greedy and help them not to fall off too hard when they want to take some gold from your lane ocasionally . 
  it 's all not about gold advantage over another team but gold share within your own team . 
  i prefer to share gold more evenly and not in the way in which support is obliged to give up every bit of gold they can to carries . 
  carries scale better with damage , supports scale better with ... helping entire team to do their stuff in every way possible . 
  with multiple excellent support/tank items i do n't know why would i want a support with super low gold only to buy some more ap which i wo n't put to use anyway because there was noone fed enough to initiate and peel for me . 
  after a turret kill more often than not adc gets to take free farm/jungle and supports goes to roam . 
  which one will better use the gold , one who has fqc to gank mid and top or the one who has 10 more ad to lasthit creeps better ? 
  no , because this gold is needed to win lane and take turret ... later when support goes out of lane they wo n't even have passive income and without turret gold/pushing lanes/assists will fall off , then it 's the time to support your support a little bit , use lead created for you to give something to someone else in your team ... you got a lead - transition it . 
  do n't be greedy bastard `` all is about me and i do n't care if the rest of my team is strong , i deserve all the gold i can digest '' . 
  you wo n't win 1v9 . 
  carries are supposed to have more gold , but not all the gold . 
  yeah it was entirely the angle which made him think he 's outside , he probably did n't notice `` silenced '' text or thought it was not actual , it was split of second to be honest and silence has no visible indicator ... 
  he clearly thought he 's right outside of it , no way he would just sit in a snare for no reason , he 's not that dumb . 
  yeah but guess what , ignoring assists is the worst case also for sivir , who is an utility adc and has second lowest score for kills and first score for assists of all adcs lol . 
  while bard has 7th most kills amongst supports , beaten only by ap burst mages and poppy . 
  source : http://champion.gg .
