  what they usually do n't watch is women struggling for years with minor yet important health issues . 
  pregnancy is tricky in the way that you literally never know if it goes perfectly right or horribly wrong for you until you try . 
  remember that it 's your risk to take and your decision to make . 
  your boyfriend has no right to push you into pregnancy that you 're scared of . 
  exactly . 
  how selfish is pushing something like this on someone ? 
  maybe he should try carrying some other human being in his body for months , painful delivery , and getting the lifelong health complications . 
  seriously , from someone who wants to be your partner i 'd expect some more empathy towards your pain , fear and potential struggle . 
  so now she owes him giving birth to 4 kids somehow ? 
   from someone who wants to be your partner, 
  if he does n't want to , that 's whatever . 
  pretty much . 
  i 'm very sorry op but i 'm sure you can do better than this . 
  or maybe use actual statistics instead of stories ? 
  it was not `` a bit insentitive '' , it was awful . 
  you do n't dismiss very legitimate and real fears like this . 
  despite our wonderful modern medicine , you can still literally die in labor , but he decides to ignore the fact that you are afraid . 
  it 's not okay . 
  he should educate himself and apologize for not treating you seriously enough to be concerned with your health and with your deep and reasonable feelings . 
  what would he even do with them ? 
  work for them harder ? 
  i never get this kind of logic . 
  this has to happen . 
  without nb 's consent it would be rape , and it does n't look like he 's willing to give it . 
  this kills the cap, 
  good bot, 
  one word : cyril . 
  have you seen its icon ? 
  home births kill people . 
  there is no amount of beauty and wonderfullness that 'll cover up this simple ugly fact . 
  i 'm glad that yours went well , but it 's simply irresponsible to encourage this . 
  janna is perfectly playable with spellthiefs . 
  the entire problem is that you never know whether you will need medical intervention ... 
  it 's hardly `` fantastic '' . 
  i use only the base tree one . 
  it 's so nice . 
  just a nice apple tree . 
  i like it . 
  yup let 's have even less supports in playerbase , that will be healthy, 
  i think that in general quests in games feel like a chore . 
  first win of the day ip felt like a chore already . 
  i think it 's unevitable . 
  yeah , like where am i supposed to do that ? 
  kills i can get in aram , but it 's impossible to get decent cs there . 
  how dare a woman after 9 months of being pregnant and giving birth not be a perfect supportive partner !, 
  quick , shame and bully her !, 
  what do you mean `` the right choice '' ? 
  basically , op wants his wife to be different , without even understanding why she behaves like she does in the first place . 
  maybe she takes this personally because she knows that he 's only trying to change her for selfish reasons instead of actually getting to know what she wants and why ? 
  so judgement towards op is bad , but judgement towards all the women around him and in the world in general is a-ok . got it . 
  i mean , seriously , op seems just upset about not having things go exactly his way . 
  how is a single mother asking about two weekends a month off too much ? 
  especially if grandma enjoys it ?? 
  you can want whatever you want , does n't mean you suddenly deserve to have everything your way . 
  because why exactly ? 
  as far as i can see the two women in the picture are well and happy and it 's op who has a problem with how they decide to spend their time and their lives . 
  so you think that after 36 years of not wanting children , giving in for a short time , and then not wanting them again despite giving birth to them 7 months ago , she 'll suddenly * change her mind * and start to love having children and live happily ever after ? 
  give me a break . 
   she will grow to love her children for sure . 
  how can you know this ?? 
  it 's her decision , and as far as we know she is happier now she has made it . 
  it does n't mean it 's a good decision of course , it 's possible that in the long term she would be better off having a loving husband instead of being on her own . 
  i think you need to talk to her , but make sure you 're able to respect her . 
  maybe she 's scared and panicking , but it 's also possible that this is actually what she wants . 
  let her talk and ask questions , so you know for sure which case it is . 
  only then you can react accordingly - try to talk her out of it , or try to reassure her that you 'll support her . 
  sorry , i misunderstood you . 
  with this i can agree , sure . 
  you need to get out of this situation before he starts controlling you and beating you up . 
  seriously , it will get worse . 
  do n't wait . 
  get the fuck out . 
   to be fair , i 'm not the person you originally responded to . 
  ahhhh you people are so confusing . 
  you do n't even realize how much you do n't want this to happen . 
  is the canon lugia male ? 
  o __ o, 
  there are multiple reasons why it have n't been included in the specs for like 30 years . 
  especially performance concerns : https://snook.ca/archives/html_and_css/css-parent-selectors, 
  but honestly , as a frontend dev i see no reason why would i use this selector in any serious code i write . 
  i do n't want it because it probably would cause horrible misconceptions about correct code architecture . 
  and it 's already in terrible state because nobody is treating css/sass code quality issues as serious as they deserve . 
  the world is not ready for parent selector . 
  it 's almost like / r/fellowkids . 
   people would n't despise antifa if it was simply an `` anti-fascist movement '', 
  basically this : https://thenib.com/centrist-history, 
  so the whole reason to basically fuck up the entire internet codebase starting at 2018 is so the tools like stylish could work a bit better ? 
  and you ask why i do n't like the parent selector ? 
  honestly if stylish , or any site that accepts external styles , need it , then they can introduce it in their systems . 
  it 's not like they ca n't . 
  i will never not upvote this . 
  she should care more about herself than about him . 
  this is the exact advice you people give here . 
  this is what every adult should in fact do . 
  i do n't agree with people pushing you into divorce honestly . 
  she has some reason to believe that you 're controlling if that 's a repeating pattern in your relationship . 
  you guys need to go to a counselor and figure out wtf you 've been doing to each other and why . 
  i get a feeling that it 's a bigger story than the recent events . 
  no , it would n't . 
  you 're simply doing things wrong if even your html code is not understandable .
