  if you want to have a universal measure for champion performance you have to count something else , kills are literally no indicator at all . 
  right now you chose only something which favors some supports over some adcs and called it a day . 
  you do n't scale to take more kills , you scale to do damage ( measured by ... well , damage ) or other useful stuff helping your team in fights ( measured by kda ) . 
  ( the hardest thing to measure are the fed splitpushers , maybe all damage dealt would count in also their performance . ), 
  overall sorry but your paper is just bad and tells nothing . 
  the thing is that sivir falling off still hurts your team . 
  sivir puts out a ton of aoe damage which makes her hard to lasthit champs with but awesome in teamfights overall . 
  only this flawed correlation says otherwise . 
  i do n't know if i 'm rude , i 'm trying to be honest here . 
  i am disappointed because the idea for the study looks very interesting but bad method makes it all worthless ( imo ) . 
  dude ... teemo is male ... o_o, 
  this . 
  you are not the only player in your team , your lane is not the only lane . 
  you can win it as hard as you want , but if on the other side of the map fed jax is killing your inhib while you farm enemy champs there 's something wrong . 
  you win your lane , excellent , go to another and win it too . 
  more like 13, 
  you mean seconds ... . _ . 
  you to chill, 
  yeah man , exactly , everything will be fine if you just git gud / s, 
  there is definitely more than two things speaking biologically , there are multiple disfunctions which leave you with some weird set of sex organs/gonads/hormones / looks/chromosomes , which combined definitely wo n't give a simple answer `` male or female '' . 
  if you insist that everybody has to have biologically determined gender , one of the two , a person with such dysfunction will give you a hard time . 
  educate yourself here :, 
  lol . 
  exceptions literally do that , break the rule . 
  it 's basic logic . 
  think about it . 
  rule : if and only if it 's true , something happens 100 % of the time . 
  if something happens less than 100 % of the time , rule is not true . 
  i finished it studies but reddit just has to be right i guess xd, 
  we love you dyrus !, 
  how would you know if not for hundreds of friend invite notes ? 
  really ? 
  how ?? 
  they even put his summoner name in there ? 
  * happy noises *, 
  lose *, 
  got ta find this nerdy enough landlord and here you go . 
  it 's not mine as well , you 're welcome : ), 
  hurricane ? 
  `` gay winds unleashed '' ?? 
  sry english not native ^ ( who am i kidding ), 
  both blitz and janna could use some nerfs . 
  i use it in low elo on ap utility supports like janna and bard and i love it , it 's bullshit how many turrets you can push this way while two bronze teams group mid and dance around each other doing absolutely nothing for 20 minutes . 
  `` i do n't want to play better coz bronzies will call me toxic '' . 
  i work in very small 20-ish devs company in poland and even we have a designer who does only design stuff and front-end devs who do only dev stuff . 
  it depends but overall i think most companies should understand that mixing the two together does no good to both . 
  yeah amazing so how do you get mana for sustain without first blue , how do you gank without tunnel/hp ? 
  what you described looks like wet dream not taking into account bards terrible first clears and lack of cheap/free sustain . 
  so it 's the only plan , killing people ? 
  and when you do n't succeed at it you afk and ff@20 or fallback to something , for example clearing ? 
  your absence wo n't tilt anyone , your response to flame might . 
  oh my god ... 
  yeah right coz veigar totally did not have the most powerful non-ultimate ability in game . 
  you never deserved getting to sans then . 
  yeah it 's definitely about me and sticks and not about your advice not being very good . 
  um i am a bard main myself and on their sub i always find a plenty of solid advice when i need to ? 
  saying only ootay to each other would be boring , this ai n't r/sonamains : p, 
  are you sure stars are bigger than mountains ? 
  who taught you that ? 
  we had yellow trinket upgrade to pinks and more importantly upgraded red trinked granted true vision . 
  now vs stealth champs you are pretty much forced to keep one slot for pinks or you are fucked coz there 's no other meaningful counterplay to them . 
  we all pay bigger price for boots so it does n't matter in terms of rank , but it hurts the game in terms of fun/influence for support players . 
  no competent bard will start w like ever . 
  at lvl 1 this skill is absolute shit , while q is incredibly strong for early lane dominance . 
  three shrines will probably provide the same hp to jungler as stunning and damaging the camp would preserve while costing like half your mana and setting you super behind in early lane . 
  i do n't think there 's a situation when it 's worth it . 
  i build the same , + usually fh/iceborn and locket vs mixed damage . 
  i believe this is optimal build for bard unless you are super fed and go aggro like rapidfire cannon , luden 's echo etc. 
  he is awesome in low elo but you have to put a lot of effort into learning him as a champ . 
  a shitty bard brings negative value to the team because of `` double-edged '' nature of two of his skills and no instinctive values like tankiness , easy cc , easy aoe , easy healing/buffs etc. 
  when you play bard you have to be quite creative about usage of your abilities and it 's not possible when you are not super used to all of his mechanics . 
  i find myself often trying to use tunnels on other champs and wondering wtf is this useless different e and how can people play this game moving this slow . 
  what bard gives you in low elo :, 
  - cheesy lvl 1 when you can poke 2/3 health of the adc or kill them ; just wait for them in the bush with your adc , get a stun + meep + your adc skill and aa = free lane, 
  - awesome ult saving/screwing up multiple asses at once if you land it correctly, 
  - incredible movement speed across the map with tunnels , also making up for bad positioning of your teammates ( and yours ), 
  - you can play hide and seek with entire enemy team all day long while your team hopefully does something useful ( usually they do n't oh well ), 
  - you can push 5 turrets with zz ` rot and banner and usually bronzies wo n't even notice you are not grouped mid with them xd, 
  - bard can actually put out enormous damage while building tanky ( he never gets to the point of being a real tank though , so do n't mistake him for one ) , i very often do damage to champs comparable to carries, 
  - bard can freely and safely roam at any time and has good ganks with stun and ult , if your adc is shit ( read : does nothing good in the game even though you just put 5 kills into their throat ) just ignore them and snowball mid or jungle . 
  ( if your adc is good , snowball them and then mid and jungle . 
  - stun on two enemies every 3.7 s with max cdr . 
  dude . 
  dat aoe damage and waveclear tho . 
  i absolutely love iceborn on bard , especially when i can stack some more armor vs ad team . 
  it works super well with typical q + aa + meep + ig passive combo . 
  well that 's weird . 
  but you can either change this or they will be rage . 
  now if you 're sure about what you 're doing , there 's no reason to worry about raging people . 
  no response is 1000x better than responding to them in a way other than `` calm down we are winning it 's okay '' . 
  do n't discuss with them about your actions !, 
  if you have trouble to keep your composure when someone flames , just mute them and enjoy the silence . 
  you do n't have to care about ragers at all , their `` intentional feeding '' reports are worthless . 
  i experienced that usually it 's enough to be good and helpful to the team to calm ragers down . 
  if you are sure * you * play well ( in objective measures pointed out earlier , and i 'm sure you have space to improve here like we all do ) , you do n't need to worry about some people who decided to be badly playing assholes . 
  just do n't . 
  yeah , sshhh ... bard totally does not do damage comparable to carries while building tank ... 
  there 's no such strategy like zz ` rot + banner pushing 4 side turrets ... and it 's not like he has double stun every 3.7 sec ... sssshhhhh ... 
  listen to this guy . 
  and do n't play lux support for the sake of god .
