  and i could say exactly the same about hate speech . 
  i do n't get it honestly . 
  does that mean racism or witchhunting is okay as well if it 's upvoted enough ? 
  from this standpoint , why do we even need rules if upvotes should decide ? 
  i do n't call you delusional and overreacting even though i do n't agree with you , why are you aggressive ? 
  stay civilized please ? 
  if i do n't want people to be rude in a subreddit , i should also sit in / new / and downvote ? 
  no thanks . 
  leagueofmeta is a place for discussion like this . 
    i do n't get it honestly . 
  does that mean racism or witchhunting is okay as well if it 's upvoted enough ? 
   that is already covered by the subreddit rules . 
  yeah that 's my point . 
  why do you think one has to be covered and the other should not be covered ? 
  it seems downvotes alone are also not enough to handle sexism and oversexualized jokes in some of the posts i linked . 
  so ... why not to moderate them out ? 
  i do n't think you gave me a reason so far why do you think they are okay to stay ( because as you said , being upvoted is not really an argument for other kinds of unacceptable content ) . 
   i give it the exact amount of consideration and respect i believe it deserves, 
  so , i guess none ? 
  why do you even bother to comment then if you do n't even want to talk to me like to a human lol . 
   if you want to talk about them needing to be more critical on comments in those threads , i will happily support you but banning the topics completely is an overreaction at the very least . 
  why do you think do n't mods over / r/gameofthrones think so , even though their sub 's topic itself is way more sexualized than lol ? 
  is n't leagueofmeta precisely the place i should be in if i do n't like some rules ? 
  well , as i said before , i 've seen a lot of stuff on / r/lol over the years . 
  i always assumed these are only innocent jokes that happens only so often but honestly if you search for this stuff it looks more like a long-lasting trend . 
  this kind of threads clearly exists only because some boys are horny . 
  the thing i do n't understand is why do we exactly need a place for horny boys in a sub about an online fantasy game ? 
  horny boys places are unfriendly to basically every other kind of human , maybe besides immature men . 
  i understood that . 
  still i 'm pretty sure that if i do n't like rules in r/lol , i should go to r/leagueofmeta , and not boards or `` somewhere else '' . 
  yes i got that . 
  still i was pretty sure that if i do n't like some kind of behavior , a reasonable thing to do is start a discussion in leagueofmeta , and not sit in / new / to try to personally change the community tastes ( which does n't really seem doable ) . 
  while i agree this is expected , i do n't agree that it should be allowed . 
  for example , i would n't allow my hypothetical 12 years old son to molest , harass or beat up other 12 years old children at school , even though it may be perceived as natural and expected at this age , and a fun thing to do for the son . 
  i also would n't like to stay in a place where children are allowed to do everything they want to do to other people . 
  children like to be assholes , does n't mean we should provide them space to do so to us . 
  gas explosion ? 
  yeah , well , there 's really nothing reasonable to do if they do n't provide scss source for external library : (, 
  i am a grownup . 
  ~ ~ it 's insulting to boys and men to assume they are not able to function as decent human beings instead of lust-driven crazy robots . 
  it 's not that hard to understand why you should not hurt other people , even for a child . ~ ~, 
  ^ ( ^ still valid but also whoosh ), 
  i am a person and i care . 
  i feel not welcome every time i see such kind of post . 
  me from a couple years ago would n't even dare to join this community ; now i can deal with that . 
  it 's not like i 'm going to leave the sub because i hate some small part of it . 
  me trying to discuss this topic is actually caring about environment that i overall like very much . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with that . 
  that is fine ; i do n't think `` being rude '' should be disallowed . 
  my point was n't `` i do n't want these posts approved because they are rude '' . 
  it was more `` i do n't want these posts approved because they are harmful and create unhealthy environment for every person that is not a horny boy and gives a tiny fuck about sexism in lol or in general '' . 
  your point is basically that i should shut up and downvote in / new / instead of trying to convince mods to change the rules . 
  did i get that right ? 
  if so , i do n't agree it 's a good solution ( for me personally and in general ) , especially when we have a dedicated sub for mods to discuss suggestions for rules . 
  all of these posts have ton of stupid followup in comments ... 
  `` do n't sexually objectify the players , champions , casters , rioters , streamers or other redditors , no matter their age or gender . '', 
   it got really bad once the follow ups happened though , like the caster one . 
  my point is , the sole existence of these frontpage posts provokes really bad followups , also in comments , where you probably do n't personally read hundreds of them . 
  deficio and braum i do n't think so . 
  the word games , yeah probably , these honestly should be removed anyway because they are such an extreme kind of shitpost/spam , but i guess it 's amusing to some . 
  i 'm not downvoting you . 
  let 's agree to disagree regarding / new / ; i do n't think i 'm going to become some sort of antisexist batman killing oversexualized threads and comments on sight . 
  if / r/lol mods do n't believe this rule is needed that 's whatever ; i 'll just keep feeling super annoyed and kind-of wronged every time such a thread gets to frontpage i guess . 
  not an end of the world for me . 
  thanks for the advice though . 
  i would n't expect it 's possible make a change just downvoting stuff they do n't like in / new / , do you really think it 's so easy to kill a front-page-to-be-thread with just one vote ? 
  sounds improbable to me . 
  sexualization goes both ways from `` i like these boobs '' to `` ugly 0/10 would n't fuck '' , it 's generally about treating people like things that are expected to be sexually appealing . 
  but anyway , i 'd like to ask , do you think everything 's perfectly ok with posts that would n't get past this rule and the rule is not needed ? 
  whaaaaaaa post pics asap, 
  no it 's not . 
  i was giving an example of a behavior that is possibly natural but not acceptable for young boys . 
  my point was `` even if something is natural for children , it does n't mean it 's a right behavior in a community '' . 
  yeah i mean , there are many playful things to say that mean no harm , and i could probably say the thing about the beard to some random friendly guy with a stunning beard and it would be considered just funny . 
  on the other hand i would n't say `` you have too small boobs , i do n't like them '' , `` nice asssss '' or `` i like to fap to your photos photoshopped with tentacles '' to any person i know because it 's just harassment . 
  there was this thread with a kind-of-fat cosplayer of barbecue leona . 
  while she was bravely laughing it off , the amount of insulting comments towards her was unreal . 
  same thing with the usual remilia comments . 
  while this is already against the rules as harassing , and often gets deleted pretty fast - this is what you eventually get when you encourage sexualizing people . 
  this is also probably what is in our culture considered `` natural for boys '' . 
  i guess it depends on when the gas catches on fire , is this after if fills for example one room or entire apartment or building . 
  i think from a home oven there 's a very little amount of gas expected overall , not like in super big `` gas leaks '' that media write about . 
  they are not ok towards people , but still ok towards champions . 
  while champions are not real and do n't have feelings , so the harassment does ' t affect them personally , i do n't think comments like `` i would like to fuck braum in the ass '' should be allowed , because that 's some personal sexual fantasy . 
  and there 's really a very thin line between that and `` i like ahri 's big , nice , warm boobs '' , calling a champ `` fappable '' or making ranking of all league asses . 
  if this kind of posts is considered not nsfw and sexist within current rules ( somehow ? 
  ) , i think there should be additional rule in place , to make things more clear . 
  i agree that shitposting leading to shitposting is generally not a sexism issue . 
  now why do you think it 's important to have this kind of garbage allowed ? 
  there should be some positive value for a kind of garbage to say `` this , this part of garbage is fun , so we allow it '' . 
  i do n't see any redeeming values in posts which entire content can be shortened to `` hehe i like boobs '' , other than they sometimes get upvoted by community . 
  it 's funny because / r/leagueoflegens overall tries pretty hard to hold its content up to some enforced standard , yet `` hehe i like boobs '' is apparently not sexist , nsfw or low-effort enough to be removed . 
  i mean , yeah , making a waifu chart probably took a lot of effort , better let this super high quality content stay on frontpage / s, 
  eh , i do n't think i 'm going to try to talk with you anymore if you 're just going to insult me in every comment . 
  it 's weird that this is an exemplary behavior for a mod here , i kind of expected more . 
  i do n't think i have any of issues you described . 
  how do you prove maturity and understanding of sexism here in the internet ? 
  shall i post some `` hehe nice boobs '' posts and call someone overreacting sjw , is this how it 's done ? 
  i guess in our awesome `` boys will be boys '' world ? 
  did n't you hear any story where a young boy sexually harasses a young girl and people react like `` oh he just shows that he likes her '' and `` it 's normal for boys this age to be hormone driven '' ?
