  i 've build some gauntlets but never lichbane ... wtf is wrong with me ? 
  :o * proceeds to go and play lichbane bard asap *, 
  there 's creative and there 's dumb . 
  lol i always build full tank and i 'm not squishy at all . 
  all you need on bard is cdr and mana with some ap so things like frozen heart + banner + whatever tank support items you like work on him perfectly . 
  i would say he 's almost impossible to catch , a lot harder than janna , the queen of escapes . 
  omg that 's brilliant . 
  thank you . 
  yeah except sona changes from a mechanically braindead champ to ryze . 
  she 's one of my favourite champions , partly because she 's so mechanically simple , something like this would destroy her for me . 
  well it 's not like you have much to do once youare in the middle of the enemy team , basically 1-2 q , few autoattacks and that 's it . 
  fun begins when you first ult them :  . 
  but i get what you say about lack of defensive abilities . 
  obviously if riot decided to buff sona in such way they would have to take some raw power from her basic spells and it would be impossible to be a good/efficient sona without learning those complicated mechanics . 
  i do n't get is as well ... 
  good . 
  yeah just ignore the patch . 
  and to do it a week ago . 
  do me trade ? 
  you casted silence on me !, 
  let me ... walk out of it and kill you anyway . 
  on the other hand , most of people do n't know how to play vs soraka . 
  she 's like `` invisible '' to both teams coz she 's usually not doing any fancy plays and just heals silently standing behind your back . 
  so a backline support creates a `` disadvantage '' for you when you are in the middle of the enemy team ? 
  let me hug you . 
  still it 's a soft cc which you can literally walk out of without any trouble if it 's not chained . 
  i 'm not your pal , bro, 
  you know what 's easier than bursting adc with soraka down ? 
  bursting soraka down . 
  `` oh it 's just a corki package . '', 
  i live in poland ( where sirens are used sometimes only to mark like anniversaries of important historical moments or something ) and it still scares me . 
  it 's just inappropriate to use such sound ( and without visible context ) in a funny fantasy game . 
  i wish i was english native speaker . 
  no dude , it 's literally impossible to land it like this even on the slowest champs without boots ( if they 're not slowed ) . 
  remember that the snare always pops after full silence duration ( like 2s or so ) . 
  it 's plenty of time to walk out of this fairly small zone . 
  do n't worry , it 's really easy to kill soraka when she 's warding or going alone . 
  because you are keeping vision on her , right ? 
  right ? ... 
  ^ this dude knows his stuff . 
  fully agreed . 
  yeah please do make my main nerfed to the ground , i guess two weeks of feeling powerful are enough and make up for a year of being buttfucked . 
  so viable, 
  basically anything that can just get on top of her and slap her . 
  once is enough . 
  you can build on soraka all tank items you want , be super useless and still die when got dove . 
  yeah awesome plan bro . 
  i do n't get wtf is your point . 
  soraka should n't have any tools to do anything to anyone never in no case ? 
  is it so unfair that if she times well silence under herself she can snare someone who jumped on her ? 
  you 're right , it would be way more fun to play 4v4 . 
  supports are completely useless anyway . 
  edit : i also like this `` mid lamer '' typo . 
  i do n't expect you to be alive in this situation lol . 
  but idk maybe do n't jump into the middle of the enemy team when soraka has her silence up ? 
  maybe that would work ??? 
  it 's like you sit here and cry coz you jumped into enemy team and leona stunned you or nami bubbled so she 's now super op . 
  like , wtf were you expecting dude ? 
  my original point was that this silence is weak ass cc compared to other cc coming from other supports . 
  and it 's true - you wo n't walk out of the stun but you certainly can walk out of the silence and even keep being useful when you 're snared . 
  one thing : the silence does n't do shit when blitz grabs you or volibear/leona/udyr / yi/trynda/trundle / whoever just yolo runs at you and simply walks/dashes past it . 
  source : i died . 
  a lot . 
  in 2v2 vs such champs , with similarly skilled players , a focused soraka will die and lose every time . 
  here are mine , any commments appreciated : http://imgur.com/a/yf7zt, 
  i will probably add the third ms quint when i buy it . 
  i 'm playing on eune tho . 
  how is soraka e not a skillshot then ? 
  tutorial . 
  yeah because this is what assasins usually do right ? 
  spammable slow ? 
  how is her q spammable and how did you not miss the word * reliable * ? 
  why exactly should n't she be a threat ? 
  just because supports are n't allowed to be a threat ? 
  having problems with that fed cho'gath ? 
  * just cc lock him and burst him down *, 
  or blitz . 
  hahaha seriously, 
  this . 
  zone ? 
  what is zone ? 
  what is freeze ? 
  what is dive ? 
  i would like to see you spam this super reliable awesome self peel slow every 3s when an udyr runs at you . 
  she has plenty of other counterplay . 
  catch her lonely , abuse in vision game , gank her early , pick scaling adc and win farming lane , pick early adc and supp and kill her in lane . 
  when not shut down she is strong in teamfights and 2v2 but has other , very clear , weaknesses . 
  i mean , why not ? 
  kill soraka , go turret/baron/whatever . 
  make a pick , go for objective . 
  basics . 
  what exactly is the problem here ? 
  warmogs , zeke and locket/banner are the only tank-ish items that make sense on her . 
  those have variations of aoe slow , cc immunity , sometimes also ms boost . 
  last but not least they have damage threat . 
  soraka is no threat and has no way to get away alive when she gets picked in enemy jungle for example . 
  her unreliable slow and small aoe silence wo n't help her . 
  this . 
  except soraka is a support , who often will go ward alone . 
  catch her alone in your jungle and she has no way to escape alive - even superlategame and superfed .
