  but i 've played some games from the patch and everything was fine ... 
  i just ... 
  i just do n't understand d :, 
  thank you for this story , it 's really funny to imagine :'), 
  i had this bug a few times only on a new map . 
   why kills are even part of the game if you ca n't affect the game with them . 
  because goal of the game is to destroy enemy nexus , not to collect kills . 
  killing enemies can at most help to achieve the goal . 
  thinking only about frags is toplane mentality . 
  ask support players how to affect and carry game without a single kill . 
  current changes give more impact to decisions made by the whole team and less to the individual skill of the single top - or midlaner . 
  to win you have to teamwork , communicate , think about all the map , not only stomp your lane and then carry 1v5 . 
  i do n't get how is that a bad thing . 
  with pink recolor . 
  i get it . 
  [ the banana master . 
  edit : [ updated version !, 
  do n't worry , i 've updated my magnificent masterpiece , enjoy !, 
  well ... she is old o __ o, 
  wow . 
  better learn english . 
  i did n't know that on las you ca n't choose english language . 
  it 's really strange , on eune i have no problems with this . 
  hope it will change on your server . 
  personally i really would n't want to play lol in my native language . 
  actually i think that rek ` sai is the easiest lately released champ . 
  i 'm not mechanically good , but she seems simple enough to play for me and have a lots and lots of fun getting `` vision '' when burried , ganking , ulting etc. 
  she can be hard to play in terms of map awareness and vision control ( which every jungler should learn ) but definitely not as hard to do something interesting as azir or gnar . 
  right !, 
  thanks for this note : ), 
  you just does n't play support ant wanted to point out how horrible support players are , `` stealing kills '' from you while trying to keep you alive and the kill secured , right ? 
  so do n't post crappy comments about supports stealing kills . 
  this !, 
  locked camera instantly confuses me and i do n't really know what 's happening anymore , in teamfight every second wasted on reorientating is crucial . 
  i wanted to support kalista so badly and now i find it really frustrating when she ults me and i have no idea what should i do . 
  fuck my life . 
  ok , but why does it use my time as a support to get used to ? 
  of course i have nothing against playing with kalista , but effect of her skill is literally making my life as a support much harder . 
  i only ask for making this change as smooth as possible to me ( because why should i suffer from other teammate complicated champ pick ? 
  yup . 
  but her q does like no damage . 
  personally i spam it mainly for sustain . 
  fuck my life . 
  rip soraka , you will always have a special place in my heart . 
  well unfortunately that 's just not true . 
  also i do want to bond and play as a nice support , why would n't i ? 
  the only thing that bothers me is camera locked while kalista 's ulting . 
  i did n't buy the skin , i did n't like it . 
  but seriously , she 's been so fun to play and now they basically kill her for no reason . 
  i just do n't understand . 
  what to do if you do n't want anivia 's wall to block your path ? 
  there are some indicators if champion is the real one or a clone ( buffs , size changes ) . 
  i 've always thought that it 's intentional . 
  i do n't remember accepting any of three bonds from my three last games supporting kalista . 
  really dude , request about it to be a supports choice is on the front page ... 
  well there is no counterplay other than dash , jump , blink etc. 
  immobile champs are screwed . 
  also i do n't know what is outdated about anivia , she 's not popular , but decent and picked from time to time . 
  her kit is not really `` modern '' , but perfectly fine as is . 
  ofc it 's an ult , not a basic ability , but it 's still a wall - with added knockup , damage , no possibility to dash through and affecting only the enemy team . 
  i do n't really understand why they are all like `` fuck the healers because people ca n't learn to kill them first '' . 
  what 's next , `` fuck the tanks because people focus them '' , `` fuck the adcs because people do n't focus them '' , `` fuck the junglers because people are ganked '' ? 
  plz . 
  there 's only one problem , nobody wants to be hp dealer with no possibility to have fun playing , just running around to keep everyone else in good health and trying not to die in the process . 
  soraka 's rework was directly adressing this problem so she was no more mana and hp reservoir !, 
  and now they 're going to nerf everything what 's fun in her - her silence , autoattacks , self-sustain - just to buff up healing range . 
  she basically gets from `` almost midlaner '' to `` buy thousand of hp pots , heal everybody and do n't do absolutely anything else , also fuck you '' . 
  i hoped to play her midlane , but now she once again is destroyed only for the sake of hating healers . 
  that really seems not fair . 
  anivia 's wall also is not meant to cut off teammates ' paths and leave them to die , which certainly you can still do with it . 
  i see no difference . 
  if kalista or anivia - or any other champ in broader perspective - wants to troll , you are screwed . 
  if she does n't , you should be fine . 
  so basically you are telling there should be no channel and dramatic animation while bonding to kalista . 
  i totally agree . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  please take a look at sona , especially her q damage , passive damage , w self-and-teammate-heal and shield ( s ) and her ult , and rethink your entire post . 
  soraka does like no damage on q , her w does not heal her ( if you do n't have an enemy to land q on ) and hurts her while healing , her e cooldown is now ridiculously high , she has no strong cc and no escape besides really situational passive . 
  she can not build hp - or hp regen now - which makes her extremely squishy . 
  she must rely on poor `` sustain '' from q while being contantly hurt by her own w. 
  her only advantage above sona is spammable , huge heal , aoe silence ( while not on cd ) and global ult . 
  which basically makes her lane healer/anti-assassin and nothing more - sona still will do better in everything else , poke , self-sustain , teamfights without assassinations , roam , warding . 
  in turn , in anti-engage lane there 's absolutely no reason to pick soraka above janna . 
  e cooldown is far too high to zone out engagers comparing to janna q/w/e all being kind of disengages . 
  they are strange behaving , they lack some visual effects , i 'm fine with this . 
  clone mechanic is really strong , why to get away any counterplay to it ? 
  good question . 
  yup . 
  man it 's a freakin dragon, 
  lol . 
  how did it end ? 
  how is draft protecting us from troll picks ? 
  ( i do n't mean non-meta , i mean clearly troll ), 
  wow man i feel sorry for you o __ o, 
  yup , it will do . 
  supports do n't need gold . 
  wards and mobi boots are cheap . 
  would you want to buy ap and steal kills from your carry ?!?!?!, 
  well now you ca n't , motherfucker .
