  pm me if you want to talk or something . 
  i do n't know . 
  no offence , but damn , got ta love this free country with its `` guns for everyone ! '', 
  approach . 
  god i 'm glad i have n't been born in there . 
  i have n't even seen a real gun since like ten years and i do n't miss the feeling . 
  depressed people do n't suicide because of problems but because of depression . 
  there is no such think as unfixable problem . 
  if you have a problem , this means you have ambition , you want a happy life , a life not in jail , not lonely , not poor etc. 
  depressed people do n't give a shit to the point they do n't even want a life itself because life feels like shit no matter what they do and if they have any problems or not . 
  and yeah generally deppresion can be caused by real problems , but suicide is caused only by deppresion itself . 
  r -  chime for speedup -  e -  q for an initiation from a half of the map away ? 
  aa with slow -  q for easier stun ? 
  w and chimes for infinite sustain if you roam with e ? 
  his kit indeed is not as self-cohesive as thresh 's , but it 's not like they put together some random skills either . 
  you should n't forget especially about speedup/slow passives . 
  for me mostly his w feels quite random , even some shield or something would be better than those weird shrines giving 70 hp for 10s of running around them and 46531946 mana . 
  yayy op and can be picked in every comp anytime yayy great design, 
  i do n't mean to take from thresh victory , he 's badass and all , but seriously this argument about him is quite stupid . 
  you have some delectable tastes, 
  bro you have probably been hibernating for like half a year , we have some news for you, 
  you 'd have to make one every patch probably ? 
  i did this , soraka is not the type of champ i believe is good for soloq . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like her , but i know with some other champs i would have much more success if only i could get their mechanics better . 
  probably this is why i got downvoted ? 
  anyway , i just said `` his kit indeed is not as self-cohesive as thresh 's '' , i 'm not sure over what do you argue at this point ... 
  it was like this a few patches ago but i do n't think she 's been so super op recently . 
  that 's an interesting approach . 
  thank you . 
  i love playing mages like orianna and anivia and they seem like super fun mains for me but when i end up doing almost nothing sensible all game it feelsbadman . 
  anyway , thanks for your answer . 
  this sub was very active way before the contest and memetrains ... 
  mmm baby, 
  * excited chimes intensify *, 
  ad tf is semi viable tho . 
  wait a second ... poppy does ? 
  when he 's not banned . 
  seriously . 
  he has everything and is unkillable . 
  kind of alistar with power moved from cc to pure stats . 
  remember to get boots of swiftness , 15 % scaling cdr in runes , hp/cdr in items , enjoy . 
  best vs magic dmg since hp/cdr items have magic resist . 
  lol . 
  you are like an example of person who should n't give advice . 
  i could be in wood 14 and still would n't give a shit about anything you want to tell me to `` help '' me get out . 
  i 'm glad i have friends way better at this than you . 
  and btw , i did n't ask you for your pseudo coaching , so if you have to perform it , better do it with some people who signed up for this . 
  dude , i mean , what the hell ... so random ... 
  you mean like without hitting lvl 9 ? 
  delectable . 
  you do n't ? 
  was n't he played in worlds 2014 ? 
  flavor of the month . 
  i thought it 's possible to heavily play multiple champions but have a one `` main '' at a time ? 
  yeah because it 's his fault people sometimes commit suicide right . 
  in esports , where everyone is young , very hard working under awful pressure and often on an other continent , it would n't be unexpected to get a player who attempts suicide . 
  especially because most teams still do n't give a shit about mental health care even though it 's fucking crucial in an environment like this . 
  new amsterdam was her name, 
  before she was new york, 
  new amsterdam is a dame, 
  the heart and soul of big apple city . 
  exceptionally bad one then ... 
  no problem man , have a nice day/evening/whatever you have . 
  this is basics of card game design . 
  deck in hs has only 30 cards and for control decks there are plenty of cards to search/draw . 
  of course you wo n't have every card you need every time . 
  ability to build a deck and play it a way that always gives you some kind of reaction to situation is what separates good ccg players from great ccg players . 
  why do you want to ? 
  can feel ya in a way . 
  this kind of addiction can be not caused by league being a fun game but just your mind looking for opportunities to forget about the world and studies . 
  if you feel stressed out and want to talk or something pm me , i 've been there , you do n't want to go there . 
  you do n't have to play with someone even if you like them . 
  seriously , league sometimes brings the worst out of people : (, 
  play more rankeds than normals and get at least mid gold . 
  i have like 600 normals and 200 rankeds played this season : /, 
  haha dude . 
  i 'd love to hear some of your stories . 
  yeah when all the pros go on some tournament and you duo for easy grind , and then leave the account hanging when they come back to not let them get the 1st place . 
  seriously it 's a joke . 
  this guy gets it . 
  nice catch !, 
  now i definitely wo n't buy if there 's a chance it contains an actual watcher 's eye :( watchers are way too cool < 3, 
  not with handicaps . 
  wtf ? 
  it 's a known storyline which did happen , if you think it 's not true because ** i ** am not high elo you have some problems with logic . 
  yeah it 's totally not like those feelings are n't caused by chemicals in your brain which you ca n't do anything about . 
  you can help her . 
  stay strong . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  eune, 
  willing to get `` adopted '', 
  i want to learn mechanics for adcs and basics of playing a carry ( i play mostly supports and tanks ) . 
  would love to learn some advanced tips about udyr , bard , orianna , janna , nami and morgana . 
  soraka has almost no cc and no peel tho . 
  it feels almost like he hopes he dies before he finishes it just so he does n't have to deal with a shitstorm after it turns out the ending is disappointing or something . 
  seriously , there are only two cures for procrastination : just do it or decide you wo n't do it at all . 
  it seems like grrm just does n't have balls to admit to the millions of people that he just does n't want to do this writing thing anymore , so he pretends that he struggles to make stuff done and tries to die before his employers find out . 
  in my country we had this one woman who wrote a brilliant series of 3 books and never published the fourth which would end the series . 
  after some time she thrown a bunch of excuses like `` publishers would n't cooperate '' or `` no inspiration lel '' and left it like this for , i do n't know , 8 years or so now ( she was publishing more than one book yearly back in the day ) . 
  now she does n't write anything , casually goes to conventions with some other stuff and pretends the topic never existed .
