  also , it does n't reproduce on my chrome and windows . 
  so clearly chrome + windows is not enough information and some additional settings/factors cause this bug to occur . 
  i searched and this issue is probably related to gdi/directwrite ( font rendering engines ) switch that was introduced for google chrome somewhere in 2014 and finally changed to permanent feature in june 2016 . 
  from what i understand , directwrite is supposed to look way better , unless you use some ancient windows version . 
  maybe you should try to tweak your chrome flags : https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37301132/chrome-overall-font-rendering-issue-2016, 
  are you ded yet, 
   if you cut a millimeter too far in the wrong direction , that you 've just killed/disfigured/paralyzed / caused permanent pain to the patient, 
  is this a `` millimeter '' for real ? 
  is what they do really so hard and dangerous ? 
  how can they be so precise for such a long time every day ? 
  i mean , you seem ... way too enthusiastic about it, 
  no but i bet i 'd like to get it out d : as a fellow uterus owner i really wish nothing unexpected grows down there ever ... 
  underrated comment lmao, 
  1 . set up global variables like colors, 
  2 . typography, 
  3 . all small global components like buttons , inputs , etc, 
  4 . grid and main global layout, 
  then when you have everything set up , you start implementing the actual design for a given page of the app . 
  it should be easy given you have most of distracting stuff worked out by now . 
  wtf is wrong with you, 
  jesus christ i 'll never have a surgery again . 
  because people are stupid and wo n't donate money , even if it 's the most reasonable thing to do in literally every case . 
  my entire family is from poland , father does the same thing . 
  this . 
  real devs ? 
  wtf ? 
  what do you even mean ? 
  i second this . 
  he had some fun times with the ex and now has some good memories - in video form . 
  if existence of that past is hurtful for you , then i 'm sorry , but you 're not gon na erase that . 
  if him recalling the past is hurtful for you then how do you even intend to stop that ? 
  it 's not like you can control or read his mind , either . 
  i say it 's his personal problem how he deals with his own past . 
  i do n't see how is he hurting you by just thinking about stuff . 
  you do n't own his thoughts . 
  he can be willing to change to give you peace of mind if it bothers you , but i do n't think it 's something you can enforce or change if he 's reluctant . 
  she answered a silly question . 
  it 's not like she actually is going to give up either thing for life so why get worried about that ? 
  real people are not always obsessed with their partners and sex to the point of claiming that there 's literally no greater pleasure for them than this . 
  the guy has to respect that op is in fact a person and not only a device that 's supposed to conform his ego . 
  op did nothing wrong . 
  this . 
  if your baby is actually suffering , it 's not really a good thing to ignore it . 
  maybe it will stop making noise , but it wo n't get better . 
  i 'm also a web dev , can confirm this is my life . 
  true , but it 's also possible that they are empty because nobody bothered to produce actual copy . 
  totally not awkward . 
  i would 100 % quit with a `` fuck you guys '' as a farewell . 
  because seriously . 
  fuck those people . 
  great list . 
  one issue that i have : you should n't really use extend at all . 
  mixins do the same thing but better . 
  extend produces less css , but bubbles up rules applied to your selector to a * completely different place * in compiled code , which makes proper cascading a nightmare . 
  amount of code produced should not be an issue once it is gzipped . 
  in fact there was an experiment done that shows that gzipped css files are smaller when using mixins , compared to extend . 
  therefore there is almost no reason to use extend , unless you want to mess around with your cascading logic , which seems like a really weird thing to do . 
  it makes the numbness go away . 
  even medication by itself can be a huge help . 
  you go to one psychiatrist appointment , you go through one month of side effects , and if the meds turn out to be right for you ( which they usually do because what the hell , it 's not rocket science ) you start to feel like you 're reborn . 
  you start to have more energy , you can manage stuff , you can feel emotions , you are able to handle things that seemed impossible to comprehend , you stop being a sad vegetable . 
  getting on meds is the single easiest and most helpful thing you can do for yourself . 
  if you never tried them , and you do n't know how to get better , do just that one fairly simple thing for yourself . 
  it 's million times worth it . 
  how do you know that they do n't ??? 
  wtf ? 
  wtf . 
  ewwwwww omg it has to be literally the worst thing in the world . 
  why the fuck would someone do this aaarghhhh, 
  why ? 
  joke 's on you , i 'm already insane . 
  @include what ? 
  both source and output feel ugly . 
  my intuition might be wrong though . 
  i must have missed that research . 
  someone give this man his gold already . 
  i do n't remember ever being on giving or receiving end of wiping child 's ass . 
  judging from comments i have to be very lucky smh . 
  lmao i 'm dying over here, 
  seriously . 
  why are children so evil ? 
  what . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  did they dry it or something ? 
  there are way more different illnesses in the world . 
  redditors from / r/me _ irl are not 99 % of people , and they are not a random sample of human population either . 
  stop pulling numbers out of your ass . 
  but i 'm curious , you have to deliver, 
  i mean , i never needed an output like this , and i would be guessing you have something wrong with your markup . 
  this job sounds like a nightmare . 
  do you have more stories like this ? 
  dude even animals know what consent is , it 's when two fellow animals are both willing to mate at the moment , or at least not avoiding it . 
  of course their behavior should not be judged with human morality , but it 's still distinguishable what is rape and what is mating at least for some animal species . 
  mind . 
  blown . 
  i feel like i 'm like your husband ( i 'm female though ) . 
  i do n't want to hurt my partner ever , but really lack the patience . 
  some stuff that he does different than me gives me huge anxiety . 
  he leaves ugly bags everywhere , he keeps bread on the table , he moves curtains to a weird position , he puts toothbrush in a nasty cup , and million of similar small things . 
  it would be silly to demand him to change these behaviors , but nevertheless i get pretty pissed when i see them , not because it 's wrong to do this specific thing , but because my brain is stupid and makes it a problem .
