  it 's your first day then ? 
  it does n't work this way . 
  yeah because literally all women want is to have some penis in their lesbian experience . 
   not every famous person was born into fame , or wealthy person born into wealth , most started off as unknown people and worked their way up, 
  yeah , no . 
  i am not from us or uk . 
  way better . 
  he would look weird without floating . 
  offering tampons is about as creepy as offering toilet paper . 
  this is the coolest thing i 've ever seen . 
  i want to live in your bathroom . 
  please just stop . 
  i want to leave my country one day . 
  [ ricardo l\u00f3pez ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ricardo_l%c3%b3pez_\\ ( stalker \\ ) ) , crazy bj\u00f6rk stalker , was totally obsessed with her . 
  he made a video diary over a few months , rambling about her and his thoughts , finally sent her a bomb and killed himself , filming this too . 
  i did n't see any of his videos and i do n't want to link them , but they are available publicly . 
  this story is so tragic and unsettling . 
  i got forecast janna and star guardian janna the same day . 
  now i do n't know which one to use . 
  thanks rito / s, 
  you guys are killing me , i would love sona or udyr ultimates ahhhh . 
  chest skin thingy ? 
  i just love her emotes , especially taunt . 
  what the hell is this ? 
  is this a thing ? 
  i 'm asking seriously o_o, 
  omg this jinx one is even more epic . 
  i love it . 
  u mad bro ? 
  :3 plz tell me , janna players love the tears of enemy assasins . 
  it 's not an assassin bard tho , more of a carry bard . 
  do you think it would work as well ? 
  is it `` music for my ears '' anymore if i 'm deaf though ? 
  questions questions . 
  yeah i use forecast majority of the time , her emotes are too good . 
  if it hard . 
  then it hard . 
  that show thing swork, 
  it 's ... it 's nowhere near correctness, 
  thank you . 
  it 's amazing . 
  wait , what, 
  fair enough . 
  you must have felt extremely pressured if you decided to lie for so long instead of working with him to have better sex . 
  now you want to trust him because he became even more important part of your life , but you are still afraid that if you tell him the truth he will be pissed . 
  now can you explain why do you want to share your life with a guy that you ca n't trust to not get pissed every time you need something or tell something that is not comforting his ego ? 
  did he change over 4 years ? 
  if so , he should be able to understand why did you lie in the first place . 
  or maybe only you changed over the years and started noticing that doing things only to please him or not get him irritated does n't feel right anymore ? 
  it might be the time for you to move on . 
  yeah , she totally should justify her needs and preferences to us . 
  she ca n't simply want something without giving this subreddit 5 good reasons to do so . 
  op has 3 years history with her bf and she condensed it to a few paragraphs to describe some specific problem she 's wants to solve . 
  this does n't mean that it 's literally the only thing she ever experienced in this relationship . 
  it 's pretty disrespectful to assume that there 's nothing positive going on there , she 's a dumbass who did n't notice that the whole time , but you will be super smart and point that out based on a short post . 
  basically , if op tells she wants it to work out , you should help her make it work out , not tell her that you know better what she needs and should want . 
  this is literally support 101 . 
  people here have been treating you not seriously enough , it 's a shame . 
  one thing from me , do n't mistake having feelings for cheating . 
  one is an action ( that can control ) , and one is emotion ( that you have no control over ) . 
  it 's not cheating if you have a crush on someone else , or you feel unhappy or not loved , or anything . 
  having feelings is not wrong . 
  you decide how and if to act upon them . 
  cheating would be if you actually started to talk to the guy from your class or something . 
  remember that your thoughts are only yours , and noone has any right to them , be it your partner , family , priest or whoever . 
  your mind is yours . 
  you decide what to do with the thoughts . 
  you can have secrets . 
  you can deal with them however you like . 
  if you have a feeling or thoughts you do n't like , you can try to shrug it off , and probably you should if you want to stay in your ldr . 
  it 's only natural that you do n't want to fuck up anything important , but do n't get too agitated too . 
  it 's very common for people who are commited to something to wonder how would it be if they were somewhere else in their life . 
  if you want to change your life at some point , you will do that . 
  now there 's no need to worry . 
  it makes sense on some level though if you think about how those children will have to actually live in the future that we prepare for them . 
  how come ?!? 
  i do n't know how it goes in us but where i live for the most part it would be safe to bring a child into some kind of protest . 
  so i would n't expect the mother to automatically predict the traumatizing part . 
   i 'm sure you 've seen online how violent people have gotten over there . 
  well , i have n't . 
  i do n't care enough about us to read news about them specifically and tbh i hate the attitude like it 's the most important country in the world . 
  my boyfriend keeps me updated if anything actually meaningful happens there , that 's enough for me . 
  i commented on some woman 's behavior , not political situation . 
  i also mentioned that i am not sure about protests ' safety in us at the beginning of my first comment , so not sure why do you ask this rhetorical question like you `` caught me '' or something . 
  if you refuse to support someone , do n't expect your advice being taken seriously . 
  if the father ever gets provoked and violent , remember to record that shit . 
  yeah because `` break up with him '' or `` do n't break up with him '' are literally the only two pieces of advice that can be given . 
  if you decide not to break up , it 's literally impossible to give you any other advice from that point !, 
  what the hell, 
  so she was brilliant after all . 
  i do n't think anyone is ever prepared for that . 
  am girl , did wear sweaters like this a lot for no specific reason . 
  til, 
  i 'm 23 years old woman and literally never noticed a stranger having an erection . 
  maybe i 'm just not very observant , or maybe they are not as noticeable as men seem to think ? 
  just remember that we do n't need feminism and proper health care . 
  we are overreacting subhumans and there is no reason to treat us seriously . 
  250 ml is a standard glass , 80ml would be 1/4 of that . 
  not great but i think like 2 big pads could manage that . 
  all you need is to have one clean hand to reinsert it .
