  i feel you bro . 
  so ad raka it is ... 
  still glorious, 
  women in games certainly are n't being treated better than men and have to deal with a lot of stuff that men does n't have to . 
  the point is that being treated * different * because of your sex is sexist toward you . 
  not being treated worse . 
  imagine group of women who have weekly meetings about e.g. 
  healthy food . 
  now a man comes to a meeting because he is also interested in healthy food . 
  but instead of treating him like every other member the women start to giggle , call him `` our sweetie '' and ask him how long his penis is and if he maybe would want to have sex with one of them . 
  now this is sexism towards man . 
  i do n't think we can achieve agreement if you just keep repeating things opposite to my point of view without providing any arguments . 
  i guess i will start right away then, 
  made with the coach of the opposing team . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  til mooing contests are a thing, 
  god why do you hate this planet so much, 
  great music choice . 
  same here lol, 
  `` hey maybe i will watch some random eulcs game '', 
  * 10 minutes later * `` um ok . eulcs is pretty fucking strange '', 
  * 30 minutes later * mindfucked and facepalmed to death, 
  best evening ever, 
  hmm if they have a game recorded as a lose then maybe by any chance you have a link to it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you should go tell her . 
  need more frozen hearts, 
  * only the lulu mastered all five positions . 
  only she could stop the ruthless patch . 
  hmm, 
  rek ` sai was firstpicked tho , how could they know how the pick phase will go after that . 
  this . 
  he died in nearly every fight tanking for his carries , what the fuck else could he do when they were n't killing anyone in the meantime . 
  awwwww, 
  it was not even bjergsen , but dude who asked ridiculously many questions in his ama, 
  [ the champion with the highest average number of allies healed per game ] ( http://www.carry.gg/superlatives/medic ) ? 
  huh ? 
  yeah of course , but what the flying fuck this statistic is supposed to mean ? ... 
  should be just `` amount of hp healed per game '' , not `` number of allies '' , wtf . 
  i know what that is , but i do n't know what that means . 
  because to me this knowledge seems absolutely meaningless . 
  he manages to die a lot and win games at the same time , obviously his team carries him , disgusting, 
  there were n't any viable ap pick at the time , maybe they expected lustboy to snowball early with lucian and mundo to do at least some ap damage ; also ofc they were n't expecting an urgot mid which screwed zed as well . 
  bjergsen 's 190 cs at ~ ~ 10 ~ ~ 20 minutes ... no comments . 
  and was like 60-70 ahead of link . 
  well you are salty about him/her being salty, 
  or the upgraded red trinket . 
  because everyone gets one playing against teemo , right ? 
  right ? ... 
  calculated, 
  what the flying fuck , this is a fucking scam , dude srsly if i was you i would leave that retarded company in a second , why do you even keep playing @____ @, 
  edit : yeah downvote me i 'm curious how would you feel after losing a few thousands bucks because of `` suspicious behaviour '', 
  lol tried on multiple browsers and clicking on thing works like 10 % of the time ... 
  oh god i laugh my ass off every time i see it, 
  hahahahahaha, 
  hey but this one is pretty cute ... 
  here comes the money, 
  this is incredibly well done - and sung . 
  good job . 
  great piece of html5 work , some really nice ux ideas , good luck with getting hired tho ; i would n't be surprised if just nothing at all happened to you . 
  still it seems like a nice experience . 
  what, 
  janna does :3, 
  dude , it 's a `` she '' . 
  sooo what i get from your comments that her typical build could be something like :, 
  * catalyst -  tear -  roa -  archangels -  ap, 
  what do you think about :, 
  * catalyst -  guise -  roa -  liandry -  ap, 
  * tear -  guise -  archangels -  liandry -  ap, 
  with early guise for early dmg and later hp ? 
  or froggen 's :, 
  * tear -  chalice -  codex -  morello -  ap, 
  i just hope you are aware that heal from landing q scales off points in w , not in q. 
  points in q give only cd reduction and damage , but no additional sustain . 
  i use similar soraka build , but imo it 's never worth to buy cdr boots on a support , especially so ... supportive one . 
  you will get a lot of cdr from support items anyway ( most of them give 10-20 % ) , heal cd with 3 points and masteries is about 2-3s anyway . 
  you need this move speed . 
  also i would advice after w to max e when ahead or against assassins ( for lower cd in fights ) and max q when behind ( for better waveclear when towers are pushed ) . 
  usually i would rather max e anyway , that spell is broken . 
  there are some . 
  yup . 
  bard is an adc nightmare . 
  if anything he should be pulled off only with carries who can do well in 1v2 ( maybe even tanks or bruisers ) . 
  i think that meta of adc + babysitter supp on botlane may be gone soon , we have already many rotations with tanks/mages/bruisers / assasins on top/mid/jungle . 
  ( mainly because dragon/baron/minions changes . ), 
  this is madness, 
  i 'm surprised that noone mentioned annie/kalista . 
  kalista is slippery enough to not need babysit support . 
  1st lvl w on kalista = sick poke with autoattacks only ( annie has awesome range ) . 
  kalistas synergy with annies all-in/escape patterns is great ( ult instead of flash ) . 
  slow on her e with annies stuns also works well with annies typical locking down one target and putting all the damage on it . 
  if you do n't want to burst , maybe do n't play annie ? 
  her low range really makes her poor mage in longer combats . 
  zilean is not half as bad as anivia . 
  actually she does n't ... 
  as a support your role in fight will vary - sometimes you 're tank , sometimes ap carry , initiator , peeler , cc bot , heal bot . 
  many supports have abilities to fullfill many roles , so it depends on how your game goes , your items , actives etc. 
  usually you should decide about your role before game starts and itemize properly , but be able to adapt after laning phase . 
  if you have identified your role in your team comp and current fight , well , position properly ; ) . 
  only thing about teamfights common for all supports is to ward most important bushes before incoming fight . 
  soraka was picked as a trollpick by mata when he tilted for some reason in bo5 .
