  i 'd rather want to play lol on toaster than look at all your umpteen beautiful skins in one game . 
  if rioters have brains , they will not cluster their product more than necessary . 
  `` if i 'd only had my item ... '' ; ___ ;, 
  welcome to the first world . 
  because riot success lies in their community . 
  i thought that you 're an ambassador . 
  and remove udyr . 
  `` have no powah here '', 
  it 's not that simple . 
  we have low earnings but really expensive cultural goods like music , dvds , books and games . 
  so it 's often cheaper for someone from poland to bring such things from uk amazon than to buy in polish stores . 
  ridiculous but true . 
  so in terms of gifts 20 polish zloty is pretty much $ 5 on amazon . 
  i 'm from poland and hope to get matched with someone from poland to save on shipment . 
  but sure i want to try my best with getting to know my giftee and maybe trying to do something handmade for them . 
  tell me ure not serious, 
  i just ca n't believe it how bad their code is . 
  thank you for encouraging response . 
  sure , i remember about that and it 's not that big problem . 
  give it to lily , she needs stacks, 
  brilliant . 
  played ryze , called botlane because for some reason i 've felt best on this lane . 
  i built manamune and tried to smite enemy champions . 
  actually i kicked asses because ryze was kinda w - qwufsdlfhiuashshflh - double kill . 
  even though i had no idea how to use my ult so i just did n't level it . 
  god , these were best of times . 
  you do what, 
  yup we hate u gtfo, 
  you sacrifice yourself and that is what you get , fuckin ingratitude : (, 
  got ta catch them all : o, 
  i 've won my last game with master yi adc , poppy jungle and gnar support , i do n't know what to do with my life, 
  i 'm unranked , but this one time i 've played with platins and diamonds in normal with my diamond v boyfriend . 
  he was this poppy jungle and actually carried . 
  oh and i forgot to mention that we had ap ezrael top too . 
  yup , it 's probably this game : d. i still do n't know why the hell you guys decided to play this botlane , but it was fun , thank you for this game . 
  ; ) i really appreciate opportunity to play with someone who actually know how to teamwork . 
  ( i have problems with this since usually i play with silver/gold who are sometimes really retarded in terms of map awareness , so i like to play with my diamond boyfriend just to get more interesting matches ) . 
  yup , when he picked her he was all like `` you do n't believe in my poppy jungle ? 
  well i will show you my poppy jungle '' . 
  and delivered ; ), 
  honestly i think her ultimate is so broken on so many levels . 
  i 'm sorry to say this but this idea is just retarded . 
  too complicated , adding unecessary complexity without any good reason besides that `` every champ needs some passive '' . 
  not `` a bit '' but by 60 % on lvl1 ( from 10s to 16 ) . 
  and since it was his one point ability it will be really tough nerf . 
  the cruelty ... : (, 
  i play only normals and i actually want to play and learn in them , not just kill time ... 
  i would have to waste at least 20 minutes playing just to report someone for their trollpick . 
  makes no sense . 
  yes i do , time penalties are really painful . 
  i get like 30 minutes penalty for 3 dodges a day ... 
  it 's not about following the meta , it 's about `` mid or i go garen support and feed '' . 
  a people who definitely are going to troll and not try to win if they wo n't get their role . 
  maybe i do n't want to grind on smurf only to play games that make sense . ___ . 
  i expect the system to allow me to dodge games without punishment , at least in normal draft . 
  the point is i do n't want to play with them at all . 
  i dodge 9/10 teambuilder games for various reasons and still manage to play teambuilder . 
  i play support and usually i just look for team comps that i fit in . 
  if i do n't want to play with specific champ on team ( especially with `` op '' champs who are free in given week and are being tried out by total noobs ) , i think that chosen summoners spells are suspicious or do n't wish to wait for jungler and adc because somebody decided to duo q mid/top - then why would i not leave ? 
  or rather , why should i be made to stay ? 
  will anyone be more happy if i will be forced to play with people i do n't want to play with ? 
  the discussion about teambuilder leavers was on front page like 3 days ago , everything was said there . 
  i will just say that if people want to play team builder fast they should go support or adc . 
  mids and tops will have to wait a while no matter what . 
  50 shames of teemo . 
  ^ im ^ so ^ sorry ^ please ^ dont ^ beat ^ me, 
  where did you get this anivia splash ? 
  source : internet . 
  early version of sona . 
  we might as well call this map summoner 's cemetery . 
  omg what is this monster d :, 
  what, 
  why am i underwhelmed ? 
  seriously , it 's really good . 
  why do you think that health regen on her is bad ? 
  last game i went full hp regen , cdr , armor and mr and it was feeling really good . 
  upvoted for visibility !, 
  remember to check your laptop power adapter !, 
  i have this problem too , it makes me crazy !, 
  thought it 's just me : (, 
  no projectile on q happens for me too on classic skin and drives me crazy . 
  it 's serious bug which made me die a few times , i do n't know why anyone does n't give a shit about that . 
  about summoner 's spells , personally i strongly prefer ignite . 
  if you 're caught out of position and ca n't kill opponent or wall him out - and ca n't rely on your passive to save you - you 're pretty much dead anyway . 
  you could take teleport if you expect to splitpush much , but i really think that it 's not worth it . 
  anivia deals tonz of damage to enemy champions in fights and is rather a bursty killer type of mage ( the passive helps her to survive all-ins ) . 
  ignite adds to your burst and really helps to stay aggresive and scary in lane . 
  even pre-ult q + e damage is huge and alongside ignite needs to be respected . 
  yup it drives me mad too . 
  how so ? 
  new ohmwreckers seems fine , right ? 
  sorry but lmao . 
  solution :, 
  * case 1 . 
  a ) dragon slain with no vision on enemy -  no tick , no timer, 
  b ) enemy with buff shows up -  tick , no timer, 
  * case 2 . 
  a ) dragon slain with vision on enemy in moment of getting buff -  tick , timer, 
  * case 3 . 
  a ) dragon slain with vision on dragon in moment of killing it -  tick , timer ( nothing changes ),
