  do n't remember details , but it definitely was n't `` pro play '' ( in the next game he picked jayce supp and his team surrendered at 20 ) ... 
  i think she should be removed from this list , nobody has seriously picked her yet in this season because she 's overnerfed . 
  i do n't get this idea and i love it at the same time, 
  proof ? 
  a squishy supp like sona , janna or soraka ca n't just stand in front of everything . 
  if you do n't need to be in range to deal damage/land cc , then just do n't be there . 
  if you 're not tanky it 's not your job to be on frontline . 
  would even resurrect , fucking everything checks out, 
  leona is hard dude . 
  and blitz is extremely hard grabbot . 
  ( i mean `` hard to be actually useful and not only feed without any impact '' ), 
  ca n't confirm , janna kicks butts in every elo . 
  her every spell is so damn great . 
  that 's why in the new pbe patch they introduced opportunity to buy a one-time random skin for entire team in aram for 95 rp ? 
  sometimes i feel like a well programmed flash game could work better that riot 's pile of spaghetti code . 
  yeah it totally does n't need update and players do n't care , that 's why they keep complaining and leaving lol for newer mobas . 
  ohhhh stop here , that 's entirely not true . 
  it 's easy to program , but hard to craft a proper architecture . 
  i do often play aram with friends , thought it 's pretty common o __ o, 
   i do n't even use w for roaming or going to the lane now . 
  it does n't make you faster than just normally running . 
  good, 
  it was spammable big ms boost , now it has specific purpose to help on picking targets and not to be constant `` this champ has 643719 movement speed alongside a terryfing skillshot with 37268732 range '' without any counterplay . 
  how to avoid being in his range if he 's so fast ? 
  i 've banned him for like three patches , i hate this shit . 
  1 skillshot early = you 're dead or with half hp and flash down . 
  1 skillshot late = aced lost game . 
  wtf, 
   how can a skillshot have no counterplay ? 
  did you even play vs blitzcrank ? 
  being zoned off 12983179 teemos from farm does n't really feel like empowering outplay . 
  he could spam w the entire day and roam or scare people off lane without any downsides . 
  i 'm a support and i 'm crying tears of joy . 
  my boyfriend however plays only blitzcrank when he has to supp and hates this change . 
  ( will have to change his support champ probably huehuehue . ), 
  i feel that blitzrank is n't very supportive kind of support , if you know what i mean . 
  and that fast . 
  ( cast time , projectile speed , instant grab vs slow pulling ), 
  people do n't get that it does n't matter what you see . 
  there are people complaining and there are people perfectly happy with lol as it is . 
  among millions of players you can literally have every possible attitude . 
  what matters is large scale . 
  and `` large facts '' are that even though league is extremely big right now , it has appealing alternatives with many nonexistent in league features and traits , it has some never fixed bugs , and riot tries to monetize it in more and more annoying way . 
  and in large scale it will cause some players to leave lol . 
  reddit complaints are only a reflection of what millions of people think every day . 
  they say `` lol reddit wants to boycott rp so what reddit is small '' but do n't get that it 's an idea which many of players got independently and many of them already follows it . 
  we guys ? 
  who we guys ? 
  you did n't get anything from what i wrote , did you . 
  it does n't , it 's about saves bloat . 
  check on obsidian forum `` frost and rime trap '' bug for details . 
  man , it 's great : d, 
  rather like tentacles to link independent things together . 
  you reach with your tentacles to other app 's tentacles and then they can hug or something . 
  hm ... are you serious ? 
  \\  you nerds, 
  \\  league of legends reddit, 
  so he should get 330 ms and everyone would be happy . 
  it 's not like he 's a fighter anyway . 
  so maybe the guy above does n't know about the patch ? 
  but you heard about movements speed cap right, 
  i would n't call `` bad '' janna/vayne , janna/jinx , lulu/vayne , braum/vayne ... umm or really whatever lane from this `` leftover '' list . 
  because he was op ? ... 
  dodge 5 grabs -  do n't dodge 6th -  ure dead -  lol noob u cant dodge, 
  i have to admit i do n't play braum , but on paper it looks decent . 
  lane phase for vayne or jinx does n't have to be a slaughter to be successful . 
  why would n't you pick braum for safety , cc and tankiness ? 
  the really bad lanes are when one champ is more aggressive and one passive oriented , like annie/vayne . 
  you 're right , i forgot about braum melee supp problems . 
  i guess thresh would be a lot better here since he at least can harass back . 
  you can always build early liandry 's and sorcerer 's boots to maximize flat mpen ( more useful early while percent mpen from void staff will be better late ) . 
  in low elo people often do n't buy resists before first item ( or even at all : p ) . 
  i think it 's something like liandry , void staff , rabadon and ap or nashor and hurricane . 
  awwww thanks < 3, 
  of course teemo wo n't work in every single matchup and teamcomp and it 's important to know when not to pick him , but i think he 's a good mage to begin playing toplane with . 
  because fuck you toplane mains , that 's why ; p, 
  cause * satan is good *, 
  [ gooble gobble we accept her ] ( https://youtu.be/bbxyb7niec0?t=19s ), 
  these blitzcranks ones look just terrible . 
  rito why . 
  because when you have no speed boost then you 're unable to roam ? 
  thresh 's hook is not half as good and has entirely different purpose , he 's not as half as tanky if he does n't have many souls , his ult has much longer cd , worse cc and is useless for minions . 
  while both can build tanky , thresh is an utility support , blitz is a troll support . 
  that 's just beautiful . 
  you are breaking some record of downvotes here : ^ ), 
  best advice ever, 
  man why do you love them so much, 
  damn son, 
  almost all his comments are full of hatred and calling people morons . 
  wow . 
  omg man, 
  you should replace sona with urgot . 
  i do n't think so , it 's just her cd on w is really low . 
  i think it 's mostly about audience amusement and nobody from opposed team takes it personal . 
  everything can be a meme . 
  i just thought that people do n't know soraka . 
  and it 's a fair point of view since i 've seen so many people arguing that `` you should max your q because selfheal op '' and not realizing that her selfheal passive is actually scaling with points in w. 
  graves is a hard adc to learn the role . 
  i 'd recommend tristana ( you can get her for free ) , sivir ( easy and kinda op recently ) or even ashe ( immobile , but it 's a good thing here ) . 
  if you can farm as ap mid you should have no problems with lasthitting , but you will have to learn more about botlane in general .
