  sometimes you can find a group of people that gets it . 
  there are some events near me sometimes for girls who are programmers . 
  i mean women can do `` regular programming event '' stuff there without feeling awkward , out of place or even unwelcome . 
  maybe it would be helpful for you to look for some events for single dads or something ? 
  if you need to be actually noticed and able to talk to people who know why this kind of life is hard , this seems like a good idea to me . 
  my boyfriend did exactly the same - extremely depressed , suicidal , have n't slept for two days , felt like he was dying , finished the stardew valley community center . 
  there 's something about this game . 
  he still loves it . 
  i 'm a woman so i 'm not sure how do you feel . 
  but interestingly , i had two boyfriends who lost virginity with me when they were 23 . : ), 
  it should n't be embarassing that you 're a virgin . 
  it 's a normal thing . 
  some people have n't had sex before . 
  there 's nothing wrong about it . 
  everyone has to do that for the first time at some point , and the age will differ . 
  do n't be so worried about it , you will manage to learn everything in time : ), 
  there are literally millions of people who are in the same situation and feel the same as you . 
  people feel alone and unwanted all the time . 
  do n't think you are some special snowflake because you 're different from your peers . 
  what you experience is super common . 
  first be a decent guy who is capable of love and caring for other human . 
  second look for a romance . 
  it will come in time , do n't be scared . 
  if you are a good person , you will eventually find someone who sees and appreciates that . 
  do n't give up and do n't push it . 
  you can try to date , attend events or hang out with strangers with similar interests . 
  you can try to get to know people in online games . 
  whatever works for you . 
  this is the definition of clown fiesta . 
  yeah it would be more fair if people just died on the streets instead of being treated !, 
  that would show 'em idiots that they should stop being poor !, 
  herpes is completely not dangerous and is super common . 
  a big part of society is infected with herpes and literally nothing is happening to them . 
  maybe you are infected already but just do n't know . 
  it 's ridiculous for me when i see americans frightened of herpes when in europe it 's just not a big deal . 
  it 's like you were frightened you 'll get infected with flu virus and that will ruin your life or something . 
  no it does n't . 
  it does n't even do anything serious . 
  why are you people so afraid of this shit ? 
  you can do more , like maybe tell her that herpes actually wo n't ruin her life . 
  my rats do n't like that , but i know there are rats that just love belly rubs . 
  do n't assume rodents are dumb , they would bite and run if they really did n't like something . 
  lying is poor idea for survival if you can do anything else . 
  i 'm sure this squirrel is completely fine . 
  hijacking that comment to say : if you really want a pet that 's cute like a squirrel , ** get rats ** . 
  they are basically squirrels but without fluffy tails . 
  they make for great pets , most of them are like mini-dogs , they are funny , smart , strong , very social , and super adorable . 
  i know that some people fear rats or detest their tails , but if you do n't have problem with that , give'em a chance . 
  they are much easier to care for and are overall better as pets ( more social , less feral ) . 
  i got rats that can walk out of cage 3-6 hours everyday in a separate room . 
  yeah , they pee all over everything and killed like 3 sets of earphones and one router cable so far , destroy some furniture , and one of them is crazy and bites people . 
  but that 's it . 
  once you prepare some safe space for them to run and play , they are completely manageable . 
  and i 'm a really lazy person . 
  why sink ? 
  i mean , i live in poland , and most of people here do n't play on euw simply because of worse ping . 
  well , i have n't checked that myself , just heard from friends who tried that out . 
  personally i would n't want to move to euw because all people i know are on eune . 
  do n't have the time for a smurf too . 
  it seems i wo n't have a main next season then ... 
  edit : found master yi . 
  you must be fun at parties, 
  source ? 
  you got to use it exclusively for like 5 years ... 
  i 'm sure they 'll add some special effects or borders for original owners . 
  time put into training = / = chance to win games . 
  this . 
  this is the first time i hear about this ... 
  so maybe this sacrifice is not for nothing lol . 
  got more info about the strike ? 
  ... haha ? 
  i would like to know the source of this revelation first . 
  as far as i know she supports labour ( although not corbyn ) and pays taxes while praising social support that helped her through her tough years . 
  where did you find vo from the new game ? 
  voice acting is not about `` timbre of one 's voice '' . 
  just like acting is not about having a face and making expressions . 
  this . 
  this is actually the only options . 
  if you know about some option inbetween , please do tell me about it . 
  indeed it would be not my style ... to style it . 
  ^ ^ get ^ ^ it ? 
  dude , this theme is gorgeous . 
  if you plan to make something similar in the future and would need a dev , if you remember about me by any chance by then , let me know . 
  good morning , i would lke to buy a meme , what can you offer, 
  as i wrote , i need a design to implement , wo n't make my own . 
  wtf ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  it seems their demands are very reasonable honestly . 
  / rprocss has a very light theme , while the sub you linked looks pretty dark and heavy right now . 
  are you sure this is what you want there ? 
  i do n't really care : ) . 
  i do n't think they will just break all the existing css . 
  but if they do , so be it , i 'm not very attached to all the code i write . 
  `` geographically inconvenient '' lol, 
  yep . 
  i 've read somewhere else that having client in its native resolution ( 1280 x something ) drastically improves its performance , even if you ran it previously in lower resolution to spare your potato . 
  maybe try this . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  i do n't think you are obligated to support literally anyone who is the leader of the party you support . 
  also i am unable to see jkr as a person who cares about her taxes increase or wants to hoard money in general , given her behavior in the past .
