  that 's ... um ... weird, 
  but will you be giving away prises ? 
  82k currently ... 
  the thing is it actually works differently for every woman . 
  i get super sad before my period and super happy and tired during . 
  it 's stupid to generalize something that is different for every person . 
  also some women are in constant pain during periods so no wonder that they eventually get annoyed , not because of hormones , but simply by being uncomfortable . 
  this is fucking terrifying . 
  killed by a horse . 
  dude . 
  i think you might want to have a talk with some great apes . 
  aw ... geez . 
  i actually had trouble understanding that small items build into large items and could n't understand why the item prices keep changing for no reason . 
  definitely did n't think i need to build thornmail on ashe though . 
  poor man , i hope one day you learn the difference between flirting and stalking . 
  i mean . 
  i have n't won any onslaught game so far and have no hope to finish any quest . 
  but the quests for premades actually incentivized some people from my friend list to play together , we spent an entire evening on discord trying to clear velkozes and it was a blast . 
  we had so much fun trying to coordinate together . 
  i do n't even care about rewards at this point , i 'm just glad that i had the opportunity to have fun in this mode . 
  thank you guys . 
  it sounds so exotic . 
  i wan na try it . 
  how is this burried in here in some subcomment ?!, 
  this is pure gold !, 
   azir completely lost ability to poke safety , the q range is laughable considering champions like xerath , vel koz and ziggs exist . 
  yeah bro , azir totally needs to have poke on par with literally the best pokers in the game . 
  anything worse than that is unacceptable !! 1 ! 1 !!!!, 
  * cries in identity *, 
  soraka passive is really not bad , it fits her ambulance identity ( weee wooo ) . 
  azir 's passive is okay too . 
  because when you have a game that 100 + million people play , it 's stupid and costly to maintain a part of this game for less than a certain percentage of playerbase . 
  riot does n't earn money from competitive , it 's just a big marketing expense for them . 
  if they make a champ that ends up `` competitive only '' , and people do n't want to buy the champ and its skins , it means they lost money ( put effort into the champ and got nothing in return ) . 
  he 's unbalanceable in current state . 
  he has to be changed to become healthy and usable . 
  nothing . 
  i 'm in a swimming pool changing room . 
  if my swimming suit disappeared , i would just change back into my normal clothes . 
  i mean ... this is not really a joke . 
  i have a friend who is polyamorous , he 's happy , all his partners are happy , everyone 's happy . 
  makes me question the social norms honestly , because what 's so wrong about dating or loving multiple people at the time ? 
  of course you wo n't commit fully to one person , sure , but if you do n't want to , you wo n't do that even in a fully monogamous relationship ... 
  so many people would be happier and healthier if polyamorous relationships were at least perceived as an option , not something perverted and weird . 
  humans have evolved without access to contraception . 
  in the past , women would suffer from having too many partners , because they would need to raise children probably without fathers at all . 
  now there is no cost to being in as many relationships as you want , other than emotional . 
  and is n't there emotional cost to being in monogamous relationship and being forced to not have sex with other people , too ? 
  how many people feel uncomfortable with that and eventually cheat ? 
  but of course , i have n't said that . 
  our `` evolution '' is external now , which means that instead of our bodies changing with generations of physical reproduction , we developed ways to improve our situation * ourselves * , without waiting for the nature to do the job . 
  we have culture , medicine an all this stuff that drastically improves our life quality ( and enables easier biological reproduction , too ) even though our bodies stay basically the same all the time . 
  i 'm not sure , my friend usually looks for partners only in some polyamorous social groups . 
  i mean it 's only reasonable to make this kind of relationship symmetrical . 
  anyone can see the kind of problems that can emerge when someone says that they are okay with an open relationship but not really . 
  i did n't say that we evolved in two generations ? 
  i said that the situation changed , and we can change our behavior if we want to , because the biological cost , that incentivized us to behave in specific way , became nonexistent . 
  our instincts are basically the same as they were before any human civilization started . 
  the behaviors are not . 
  we do n't really hunt for food anymore , because we have agriculture . 
  we can also stop being in monogamous relationships , because we have contraception . 
  the only thing that can hold us back is ourselves and not biology anymore . 
  this building is incredible , many thanks for this post . 
  i mean , what ? 
  i enchant all the time , lapis is essential : |, 
  uh ... are your accusations actually based on anything ? 
  i would n't be able to cut off my sister , ever , even if she hit my boyfriend or husband . 
  sorry but just no . 
  if she did that it would mean to me that she is in some serious trouble and needs help , and not that she 's an awful person now and i have to get rid of her . 
  i mean , this already happened . 
  he can definitely improve from this point , but what can he now do to make up for it , other than apologize profusely ? 
  she does n't have to live with him though . 
  she does n't need to take the risk to sit there and be endangered while trying to figure out whether he 'll do that again or become worse . 
  it 's possible that this guy will never again hit a person . 
  op does n't necessarily have to cut him off because there 's nothing to lose in simply waiting to see if the guy improves or not . 
  because ... you say so ? 
  just to be clear , i 'm female . 
  yes , this is i was getting at with the contraception : it removes the most important evolutional reasons we had for not cheating/having sex with more than one person at a time . 
  this is why i used quotation marks ... 
  the greatest name of them all . 
  i got 0 so far ... 
  or it would be , if kindred actually had any chance to be relevant : (, 
  no offense but i think this change effectively butchers her laning phase . 
  dude you sound like you literally never played a game on botlane . 
  honestly i do n't see how is this supposed to work if you can just pick sona and press qw without having to set it all up . 
  most often your enemy will have the chance to retaliate during the trade , simply because it 's very hard to hit both enemy laners with one skillshot . 
  but this is not a trade , it could be a ( very good ) all in , if janna had any other tools for an all in . 
  i was just letting you know that it would be considerate to refer to me as `` her '' . 
  this is actually a very precious observation . 
  having pets does n't have any significant purpose at all other than to care after them and watch them being happy . 
  children seem pretty similar , before you can have any meaningful talks with them , they are just funny little animals that want only to feel safe with you . 
  do not listen to any advice you get on reddit . 
  people here know nothing about you . 
  continue your therapy . 
  if you need someone just to listen , do not go to this sub . 
  you can go to sites like 7 cups or similar . 
  that being said , i hope you will get better . 
  nothing about this situation is your fault . 
  but of course it 's natural to feel shocked and stressed out about such accusations , even if baseless . 
  you 'll manage .
