  oh my , thank you . 
  it means a lot to me . 
  wow i never expected such a massive positive feedback and so many upvotes , it 's really motivating , thank you guys  ), 
  thanks for this , nice one : ) . 
  personally i came to hate the classic crane , it 's so perfect and so overused model it 's almost a pain for me personally to fold it . 
  it 's like hearing and singing the same perfect melody over and over and over . 
  but i 'd want to sell origami at some point , and damn do people love those fucking cranes ; ), 
  haha i know right , it 's the worst : d, 
  just google ` simple origami tutorial ' and try to fold the first model you like ? 
  there 's a lot of tutorials for beginners out there . 
  you can try also with modular origami if you like it ( it 's mainly used for stars , boxes and other shapes compiled from many identical simple pieces ) . 
  i 've never wetfolded but if i understand correctly after wetfolding i would be unable to unfold and refold ? 
  if so it would require really careful planning on a sheet without any folds , i do n't think it 's possible to do it precisely . 
  or can i precrease until some point ? 
  walls ( on the map ) are not built from minions/blocks/whatever . 
  walls are holes in the map . 
  j4 ult or anivia wall coulda be a generated for a brief moment hole just like those on the map , truly impassable , and there would be zero problems . 
  if they can make bard go through the holes they surely should be able to generate new . 
  wtf is `` nigh '' ? 
  non-native here, 
  i thought assassins should carefully pick off isolated targets , not eagerly hop into 1v3 and get out with a triple . 
  i mean is this for real , is this guy really telling us to kite yi ? 
  yep super easy , yi ult negates your w , q is a skillshot to be dodged with his gapclosing q , and you have only ult left which does what , gives more distance he can run off you on ? 
  been there done that . 
  jax looks like a blue charmander, 
  i love the design . 
  i mean , seriously , i love how it 's simple and functional , i do n't need anything else . 
  thank you . 
  um i am a bard main ? 
  and being one does n't mean one 's always right ? 
  this divine soraka update makes me cry, 
  yep . 
  never picked , never banned , impossible to counter , crazy op when you can play him , nobody knows how to play against him . 
  bard is life . 
  yeah except she kills herself almost two times more efficiently now trying to heal someone . 
  because i use her heal ? 
  wtf ? 
  oh god , i feel you . 
  jesus the w start on bard is so fucking useless i do n't even . 
  i guess those are the same guys who started w on soraka before recent changes . 
  edit : downvoted because ? ... 
  it 's only weird because he is very recent champ , he should n't be killed by riot so quickly . 
  it 's not like meta change made him bad after 2 years or something , it 's multiple nerfs which had a single purpose of removing him from the game . 
  but if he assumed they are smart , the more probable play from enemy would be cancelling a tp once they see cait is there , which would leave piglet completely alone and safe . 
  i think he just did n't think about the third option because seriously how often do you see something like that . 
  i think he assumed it 's a single person who will cancel the tp . 
  this is why he goes into melee range before it turns out the tp is gon na be finished and it 's a double . 
  the two last things you talk about are damage ? ... 
  100 / 130 champs * 10 champs in every game = 7,7 % pickrate would be considered average . 
  it 's more about pickrate , if it 's gotten so low from so high in so short period of time then there 's to be something very wrong with him . 
  hmmm when was his last competitive match ? 
  root on every aa and targeted knockup ? 
  antifun hello ?? 
  yeah this is still something wrong if people do n't enjoy playing him or against him . 
  i picked him like you said , only because he was freelo , and hated every second even though i was an unkillable doom machine and could 1v5 easily , it was just so dumb and boring . 
  you know this super antifun thing is actually called peel right ? 
  tk has to be super close to save anyone so it 's not like it does n't demand any skill to pull off ... 
  i just see a bunch of facts about prenerf tk summarized with `` and this is why he is antifun '' . 
  it 's like , whatever , you can do this with any champion , say few sentences about him and say that this is what makes him antifun . 
  antifun !, 
  damage ? 
  antifun !, 
  sustain ? 
  antifun !, 
  yeah but yorick have n't been released less than a year ago ? 
  ( haha bard is actually slightly op but almost nobody can play him so whatever , as long as reddit does n't realize i 'm good : p, 
  and well , ibg will get nerfed soon probably and it 's a crazy item on him ), 
  yep how dare you say thresh is unfun to play against with his dumb save , plenty of hard cc and damage . 
  hurr unfun good he 's dead i 'm happy now delete soraka cancer durr, 
  i could n't care less about tk actually , i never liked playing him . 
  i noticed today he suddenly disappeared from being pick/ban to nonexistent and got curious why , that 's all . 
  yeah but while your adc is not dying they are also not dealing damage , so it 's not like they are just unkillable , it 's like they never have been in this fight anyway . 
  this is a serious downside for the w peel ( other than slow and not being able to use it offensively ) . 
  it 's good only for dumb saves from getting caught and for 2v2 maybe but not for coordinated teamfights . 
  ( and guess what happens more often in low elo , just sayin . 
  hey thanks : ) so he 's actually still played , although quite rarely , both top and supp . 
  nice to know . 
  actually both parts of his ult are stupid because you wo n't get to do many duo ults in soloq anyway and when you do it solo it 's just slower , lower range , super shitty tf ult . 
  i do n't even know half of them honestly . 
  ( but it 's not like i ever laned vs yasuo . ), 
  no , i am actually completely fine with him being unviable . 
  it just seemed weird to me . 
  okay done . 
  is this twitch chat, 
  in poland for example i pay about 420 euro rent for a two room flat and it 's considered super high price , it 's more than most poles earn monthly . 
  it 's like this because of local flat market crisis , a few years ago it would be maybe 300 euro . 
  ( this is based on current euro value ) . 
  then me and my boyfriend ( he earns money only some months ) have about 90 euro per person left to buy clothes , food and everything we need . 
  we are not by any means wealthy ( we buy and eat only very basic stuff with almost no extra expenses ) but it 's certainly possible to live like this . 
  and i still earn more than about 80 % of poles . 
  i would invite you to poland but i honestly ca n't since i want to get out of here myself in some time . 
  some batshit crazy people recently got in charge of the government and for me it looks like they want to destroy everything worth calling a `` country '' in this place , and society is too uneducated and busy being poor to protect themselves from them . 
  european parliament is involved , vatican is involved , everyone is like `` crazy people wat u doin , guys wtf stahp '' , but they did win elections so what can we do now . 
  basically you probably do n't want to live here either you are wealthy or not . 
  if you claim you designed system for everyone , then why is there so harsh restrictions for one trick ponies ( one chest per champ per season ) ? 
  you earn what . 
  oh my god . 
  dude , this is crazy . 
  and i thought my country is poor . 
  i 'm so sorry .
