  lol nope , go back to being squishy walking target doing nothing lategame & fuck you . 
  omg soraka can heal ? 
  sona can harass ??? 
  oh noes op broken champs let 's get rid of them and make sure that they wo n't do these nasty things ever again . 
  leona engaging , janna disengaging , blitzcrank picking and thresh doing all these things are perfectly fine though , because fuck healers , that 's why . 
  with ofc exception of nami . 
  nami is great . 
  we love nami . 
  for no real reason , she 's just cute little fishy . 
  we love fishes . 
  seriously , i have a lot of fun with anivia and still just ca n't get the ziggs . 
  it 's something absolutely beyond my capabilities . 
  personally i fucking hate poppy . 
  when hook or grab is on cd you can cast max two q and , idk , three aa before you get into danger zone . 
  still getting aggro from minions and aa . 
  yeah , great punishment , i just miraculously not die and can do to you some damage ( hopefully outtrading you in raw dmg , but probably not in % hp ) , let 's repeat that every 30 seconds until i die for real . 
  just because of his passive . 
  so poor thresh is obviously less tanky than sona ... right, 
  you meant everything or everyone ? 
  o __ o, 
  or my opponent is playing against sona right . 
  i just love when they think so in early game and blow flash + ignite me under my turret , then die to stun + turret just to watch me rebirthing from passive . 
  which champ would you suggest ? 
  i 've ained anivia and had lots of fun with her , but what could work as an more meta alternative ? 
  ( i 've still tried out only around 20-30 champs , not sure which to pick up next ), 
  plot twist : you are, 
  and i guess unfavorable matchups should n't exist in this game ? 
  because `` visibility at worlds '' . 
  seriously . 
  he builds tanky because he can build tanky and still do something . 
  sona can not . 
  also the right wing . 
  her aa animation is pain in the ass , i 've got to train for some time in custom until i learnt how to lasthit with her : /, 
  could you guys please use sometimes this new thing called links d :, 
   google deleted all adblock apps, 
  i wish i would know song name , but people will just still spam darude for the next 10000 years it seems, 
  welp . 
  good luck with making it to work without root . 
  noooooooooooooooooooo d :, 
  simple calculation :, 
  if in population of 100 players we have 30 mid , 30 top , 20 adc , 10 supp and 10 jungle mains ( numbers irrelevant ) , obviously we can make with them only 10 teams where they will play their preferred role , covering 50/100 players . 
  the other unlucky 50 - 20 mids , 20 tops , 10 adcs - just has to play their unfavorable role or wait for another 20 supps and 20 junglers , which makes their queue time 2 to 3 times longer than first 10 supports . 
  tl ; dr : do n't main mid, 
  fuck you fizz main, 
  me as anivia pulling off my triple kill when we were ahead : `` oh baby !!!, 
  so outplayed im a fucking god praise me '', 
  my katarina premade after pulling off his second quadra when we were behind : `` wtf just happened , i think i had some lag '', 
  fuck you , you are horrible design, 
  i ca n't believe that : o, 
  too bad that you still ca n't mute troll pings . 
  omg dude why did you make me imagine this, 
  flair, 
  plz, 
  personally i ca n't stand that he is * talking so much *, 
  i do < 3, 
  also lulu flair < 3 < 3 < 3, 
  too bad that now her e will be changed to non-scaling zilean q : (, 
  it will be scaling with ad ? 
  how did you learn to support well ? 
  ( i mean , most of the toplaners or junglers learn from streams , but i do n't see good support streams , and krepo just spams thresh which i personally hate to play with . ), 
  are you ok with current support meta and its changes ? 
  ( thresh or nami every game , blitz and leona destroying in yoloq , soraka hp regen nerfed to oblivion , sona ms nerf etc. ), 
  do you prefer playing with tanky , damage or utility builds and why ? 
  some most important tips for soloq ? 
  but why are you such a bad person . 
  same here !, 
  uhm uhm sure , the adc has so much more impact on the game than support , uhm uhm : , 
  you should be sad . 
  fizz is niche because everyone bans him ... 
  applies also to some other assasins ... 
  honestly it seems that they hire much more people to work on new skins than to work on codebase . 
  i mean , i have problems when i try not to kill them in lane over and over when i wanted to practice csing . 
  been there , done that ( was n't the teemo tho ) . 
  priceless . 
  yup , everyone and their mother can jump over her wall , or just jump on her and ignore stupid wall which maybe could work in meta of bruisers and tanks but not in the era of assasins . 
   learn to lasthit under your tower with your mage or try to freeze the lane a bit, 
  not sure if trolling . 
  mana costs for early anivia are incredibly high and leave her defenseless for any mobile champ who just decides to push her and can escape from ganks ( in which she anyway ca n't assist because of lack of mana + immobility + fuck ass slow q + `` wall ? 
  what wall ? '' ) . 
  so like 80 % of the midlaners nowadays . 
  only passive can save her from early dives + ignite . 
  her midgame also sucks because most of the champs can basically ignore her wall and her q is unreliable . 
  ult can help a bit , but midgame still you will have to farm more than fight . 
  obviously if you get to 3 items and if your team peels you , you become incredibly powerful bird , but honestly , which champ under these circumstances would n't be strong . 
  mobility creep kills mages more than their manacosts . 
  in current meta for mana-reliant mages it 's kinda like :, 
  skillshot cast : 90 mana , 30 % hits . 
  dash cast : 0 mana , 70 % dodges . 
  yes , i 'm salty about anivia q. : (, 
  i do n't know , if they made it like azir 's ult it would be too strong , but right now it 's just laughable ... maybe if it would be undashable for both teams it would make some sense ? 
  i mean , wtf , yasuo has shield blocking all projectiles goddammit . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  why are you so cruel dude, 
  yeah sure wall is absolutely great and im just not good , obviously, 
  why do n't you want to admit that since 2009 meta changed in some way which makes anivia wall weak comparing to some other walls and objects ( azir , lissandra , trundle , yasuo ) . 
  2q + aa or q + r + aa is enough to clear a wave , still costs a lot . 
  because you are , or i do n't get it ? 
  o __ o, 
  his ult has completely different purpose . 
  therapy for abused children looks different than therapy for grown-up adults who just want to resolve their problems and live a normal life .
