  this does n't change his support laning nor his mid/late teamfights and duels as any role . 
  meaningless proposition . 
  omg it 's genius . 
  i 'm so doing this . 
  which is what any squishy has to do, 
  she got a bit overbuffed but is fine as a champ , her kit is fine , just needs a slight nerf to her numbers/the mastery . 
  for tahm full rotation is something like aa aa aa -  q -  aa aa -  w -  aa aa . 
  i 'll leave you calculations how much of adc 's hp is this . 
  pros never lose . 
  faker never dies . 
  best answer . 
  what exactly are his weaknesses ? 
  i 'm dirty tahm picker and honestly i would n't have any idea how to play vs me as my enemy aside from hoping the tahm does some dumb mistake . 
  he 's a ball of stats , damage , tankiness and utility , it 's just stupid . 
  if his ult would n't be so useless in soloq ( people ca n't communicate properly so you will often end up using it solo in suboptimal situations ) he would have fucking zillion percent winrate . 
  \\  afk in lane, 
  oh wait you are a blitz player . 
  then yeah you 're probably right . 
  :( ( ps i hate you ), 
  can confirm that tahm support generally becomes super useless late . 
  the point is you do n't even need to use your full rotation on soraka . 
  just lock her down with one spell and slap three times and she 's dead already . 
  it 's not an adc or midlaner who can fight for their life , has any gapcloser or tools to kite you and hurt you . 
  it 's just a paper bitch who will die basically when you just look at her instead of ignoring her completely . 
  dude but wtf i hear this argument for the hundredth time , maybe if she positions well she deserves to not be dead and win fight , like what the hell guys, 
  except it 's not the same . 
  wait , what ? 
  if you can move back in time . 
  this ult is so hilariuos , she looks like a helicopter , wtf . 
  legit advice, 
  gank danks . 
  dude this is gold . 
  i loved this one . 
  omg dude this is so perfect, 
  that explains it . 
  every skin with changed particles generates some clutter and noise , c'mon !, 
  what 's up with ekko ? 
  i hate you . 
  lol , tahm can certainly kill ( duel ) nontanky champs 100-0 . 
  no aoe damage . 
  this . 
  i played her a lot but she became super bad regardless of what she builds . 
  i guess three early ganks should make up for entire game of doing pretty much nothing vs champs : /, 
  lol . 
  seriously dude , how old are you . 
  yeah i 've also felt that way . 
  very weird . 
  i sometimes get it after full support item and 2nd tier boots and it 's not as awful as it would be in the last season . 
  it is . 
  apparently poppy ca n't sing . 
  but at least she tries . 
  wow sounds like fun . 
  i really like it . 
  definitely w. without it you have no damage whatsoever . 
  especially when you go as/cdr runes like me : p, 
  dude . 
  it 's someone 's job . 
  do n't disregard it like this . 
  meh it 's not nsfw unless you are japanese or something and get excited by three fully clothed people in weird position . 
  lol the mods here are weird . 
  there 's definitely a job at riot like a `` sound designer '' . 
  i read about this somewhere in this sub before . 
  sona passive does n't proc on tentacles . 
  about mushrooms i 'm not sure but also i do n't think so . 
  does n't proc on tentacles . 
  do n't forget about this fucking great music that they compose and not even use in-game , just give it out to us < 3, 
  huh ? 
  tahm is not balanced now . 
  and i play him a lot . 
  dude . 
  i just lost lane 0/4 , stacked hp and armor and proceeded to 1v5 enemy team , ending up with about 20 kills and 20 assists . 
  that 's not balanced , this is stupid shit . 
  especially queen kiting me was super effective at killing herself off my thornmail multiple times . 
  it 's not because i had one good game . 
  i play him for few months and he 's broken af . 
  and actually , this quinn did build bloodthirster . 
  it did n't keep me from having most gold , most dmg dealt to champions and most dmg taken in game after losing my lane to the inhib turret ... 
  i had like 5 lost promos from s2 to s1 in the last season . 
  then got demoted to s4 . 
  god bless free win , maybe now i will climb - . -, 
  she ca n't do this safely . 
  they even nerfed her q range to make her either sit back and stay very very low or go forward , try to hit q and possibly get picked and killed . 
  she 's as strong as her team is . 
  she has no damage , no important cc , no playmaking possiblity , she just runs around and heals , even her ult is only a super big heal . 
  if there 's noone worth keeping alive in her team she 's useless and wo n't ever do shit . 
  supports are n't allowed to be a threat ? 
  it 's not self damage , it 's a cost and does n't count as being in combat . 
  do n't worry bro , this is reddit, 
  assasin whose entire job is deleting the same champ over and over within 0.1 s ? 
  * balanced and super fun to play against *, 
  support who has no damage , no cc , no burst , no tankiness , but is very good at healing ? 
  * omg no fun cancer op unacceptable *, 
  lol . 
  every assasin is anti-fun by design and i do n't see much people crying `` omg delete zed like he deletes me as adc , it really makes me unhappy '', 
  there 's no wording telling that she inflicts self damage . 
  her w has a cost in mana and in hp . 
  you criticize riot for something they never wrote . 
  i was here in early s4 . 
  butthurt about zed and katarina was unreal . 
  over time though somehow people agreed that assasins are healthy champions , not unfun and obnoxious anymore .
