  he just got heavily indirectly buffed and got from `` annoying '' to `` just unfair '' , do n't pretend you 're blind . 
  seriously, 
  oh wow and blitzcrank doesnt exist with even faster and further range q. 
  you mean shield ? 
  they already changed it , now it lasts really shortly . 
  is it obnoxious and complicated ? 
  i 'm just pointing out that there 's more than one champ who has to land only one skillshot to screw you over , you can add like 50 of them to this list easy . 
  luckily there is a counterplay to this , it 's called dodging . 
  you do n't realize how fed and smart tk has to be or how dumb the other player has to be for tk support to succesfully duel/chase down someone on his own . 
  maybe you should play him , you 'd get why does he have 48 % winrate on supp . 
  while i agree he 's op top and jungle , as support he is total shit man , he needs a ton of gold to be really scary , other than that he 's just a stupid peelbot . 
  thanks . 
  i never know what to do with udyr : ) . 
  he can be built so differently . 
  i usually prefer going tiger/warrior and gank a lot but that 's probably not very optimal build . 
  is this phoenix devourer udyr ? 
  what would you build on him ? 
  you have almost no cdr in this build . 
  i feel like scaling cdr runes are a must have . 
  yeah , i like this one , i played something similar and i think it 's worth a try , but i 'm not really an expert as well , i would like to hear someone else 's opinion . 
  awesome comment . 
  many thanks . 
  * takes notes *, 
  edit : which runes/masteries would you consider core in those builds ? 
  a bit more complicated mechanics tho ; ) . 
  i for one just do n't learn mechanics too well and i prefer to stick to simpler champions and make up for this with knowledge , awareness and stuff . 
  i actually did , but sorry , this is an udyr thread : ), 
  oh man , sorry , you are right . 
  i did n't remember they provide so much cdr . 
  what masterpiece shall we play today ? 
  dude , no, 
  you all are disgusting, 
  assassinate her , hard engage on her , punish her mistakes, 
  sona has kinda the same case . 
  with only one damaging basic ability they put so much damage on it that with some ap she can really burst hard . 
  of course sona is at least supposed to do high damage , but i mean , if your all damage is in one ability and passive , they have to be high or you become a big minion . 
  only soraka of all champs is literally impossible to do damage with , and she trades it for being `` unfun and cancer '' , i mean , dedicated healer . 
  coulda at least stated why, 
  i 'm still waiting for a skin that would outshine majestic classic bard . 
  maybe you just hit your ceiling for now and you need to learn something else to improve as a player , i mean like strategy , game knowledge or other roles . 
  this season is generally more easy to snowball and more easy to throw . 
  maybe mistakes you previously made that were forgivable now are not . 
  personally i 'd suggest going more passive and seeing how it works for you - instead of a bad ult just do n't cast one , do n't take unnecessary risks etc. 
  but this is only my approach and i have no idea how you play right now . 
  you have to play different champions to get more chests . 
  you ca n't get a chest twice when you are playing the same champ . 
  ergo earning more than one chest when you play one champ is not `` hard '' , it 's literally impossible . 
  edit : downvote me for repeating the truth stated by a rioter , nice one . 
  non-chest stuff like ... keys ? 
  what 's wrong with maplestory ? 
  i wondered if it 's worth picking up recently . 
  exactly this . 
  one champion you play = one chest in a season . 
  but after this s from a standpoint of this system you have no reason to play this champion anymore in this season . 
  system pushes people off their mains . 
  so ... nobody ca n't criticize a game which is free to play , ever ? 
  it 's like that because ... well i have no idea . 
  yeah this is just weird ... brb finding otp friend so he gives me a chest carrying me in a shitty game when i play a champion i 've no idea about ... wtf, 
  the gameplay is still free shit ... 
  almost everything is free shit , this is why it is called `` free to play '' ... 
  i have n't even started playing the game but i have a few questions :, 
  is it worth picking up if i plan to play casually and for free , in your opinion ? 
  is the reboot patch relevant to all the worlds or just the reboot world ? 
  is it available in europe ? 
  some general tips about starting out and noobtraps regarding not the gameplay , but rather setting up my account and such ? 
  for now i downloaded the global client which i learned is not usable in europe and i will have to download european version apparently ... would be nice to know that before i installed those 8gb : |, 
  yeah suddenly i feel pretty comfortable too . 
  people will complain , bards will carry ... if they think he 's underpowered it 's only more freelo for us before a nerf so whatever : ^ ), 
  regarding 3 ) , i did this and my game crashed when i chose server and channel , i thought it 's because i have `` non-european '' version or something ... 
  i 'm now so confused : | why is there no faq about this ? 
  earthbender !, 
  he is a marksman melee mage juggernaut , what do you not understand ? 
  ^ ( edit : i am kind of sad that this is my highest upvoted comment . ), 
  when i started playing i was sending a lot of friend requests to people i liked in game ... and now i have too many friends i do n't even know lol . 
  but maybe if you tried this you 'd find some people you 'd like to duo with . 
  i understand this and i 'm sorry they still push you into playing in group because this is `` best way '' : (, 
  like team 8 for example, 
  it was 3-4 coinflips per side ( 4 strangers or 2 strangers + duo ) instead of one per side ( single premade of 4 ) . 
  the more coinflips the closer outcome is to being `` fair '' , 50/50 . 
  there is a line between `` being pissed off and wanting to flame people '' and `` flaming people '' . 
  usually understanding this comes naturally with some maturity . 
  i 'm 22 and actually care about the rank , but playing with bunch of premade kids is not really fun . 
  if we are not premade i can at least ignore them being kids and focus on my own gameplay . 
  i do n't like being forced to play with `` friends '' because it 's really impossible to find people who are similar age/skill and same server . 
  all the people i know play for much longer and are plat and dia while i am silver . 
  and i do n't really imagine persuading people from my workplace to go and play league with me when they are busy with their children and new flats lol . 
  including famous worlds gp/morde red side bans . 
  yeah but `` i do n't like it '' and `` it 's not fair '' are still two different levels of disappointment . 
  the good silver players are those who managed to get platinum obviously . 
  i love it . 
  better from `` unusable shit doing 0 damage '' to `` slightly less unusable shit doing super low damage '' ? 
  awesome . 
  she was impossible to pull off as a laner , so now she will be only super unviable as a laner and c-tier as support . 
  great changes . 
  this . 
  i 'm not even sure what are the differences between sona , nami and soraka now . 
  sona has better burst and auras , nami has better cc and heal and soraka has ... what exactly ? 
  global ult ? 
  silence with an incredibly long cd ? 
  please .
