  the new client does n't . 
  is that really so hard to understand what they 're writing ? 
  lol this is not terrible . 
  my [ hp probook 4710s ] ( https://www.cnet.com/products/hp-probook-4710s-17-3-core-2-duo-t6570-vista-business-xp-pro-downgrade-2-gb-ram-320-gb-hdd-series/specs/ ) laptop was terrible , and i 've been using this thing until like 4 months ago . 
  the actual game was running like a charm on it , but the client was horrible ( admittedly , at the time ) . 
  omg my twin shadows on lulu :( the nostalgia, 
  holy where do you get laptops like this ? ... 
  who is protanoa ? 
  yup . 
  taliyah is a pretty girl , just non conventional and not sexy . 
  it 's awesome . 
  there is a fun idea for a gamemode somewhere here . 
  for example : you can steal anything you want from enemy shop for free , but you have to walk into their fountain and back alive . 
  same here . 
   why has there never been an altruism-based society, 
  ... except for like tens of thousands of years of human history ? 
   that needed no rules, 
  who says no rules are needed in order to punish people who harm others ? 
   the only systems in use today that have made it to the 100 year mark are capitalist, 
  and meanwhile they caused several huge wars over resources , wasted millions of human lives on mundane jobs and basically destroyed the earth since we are on the brink of a huge ecological catastrophy . 
  but hey at least i can buy iphone , if i ever afford it !, 
  thanks , good job , capitalism !, 
  do n't assume his country man . 
  i hope you mean depression . 
  because otherwise , jokes about mental disorders are not funny . 
  because cities are so natural , as opposed to small communities ? 
  i thought you were talking about `` human nature '' . 
  i agree , it 's horrible . 
  almost everyone i know has to go to therapy for some form of depression or anxiety . 
  ... wants to battle !, 
  infernal drake used statikk shiv !, 
  it 's super effective !, 
  for some reason i really wish someone drawn them with swapped expressions . 
  jesus christ this thread again ? 
  back when i started playing in s4 i was totally amazed about this op skill smite and how noone picked it up . 
  i took it to every game but never succeeded at using it on enemy champion : (, 
  they 're awesome . 
  as a fellow crocheter , i salute you !, 
  how do you compare them before buying o __ o, 
  i 'm pretty sure it has to have like thousands of years . 
  i 'm a programmer and i really want to go to work without a bra ( i do n't need it , it 's just uncomfortable ) , but at the same time i really do n't want to get the looks or even comments about it ... wat do : (, 
  yeah , better not try at all and instead complain about handsome people . 
  i 'm not from us , i do n't think i 'd get reasonable recommendations for me there . 
  maybe it was supposed to be `` bi polar bear '', 
  supports really need that armor . 
  he ... what ? 
  i have two different sets . 
  they are different - cheaper ones have slightly worse quality of the rubber material and visible edges , also different size markings . 
  so it 's recognizable but does n't bother me at all . 
  they are all completely fine and i really recommend them . 
  it 's just a matter of motivation . 
  i vote / r/bozarking . 
  some comments featured there are one of the most bizarre things i 've ever read on reddit . 
  oh wow ... this escalated quickly, 
  so virtually entire internet . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  your life has to be really miserable : (, 
  massive if factual, 
  1 month, 
  there 's nothing wrong about having a weird phobia . 
  it 's not like at some point in life you * decided * to feel horribly scared and distressed when you see something you * know * is completely not dangerous . 
  phobia is about the feeling , you can only decide what to do with the fact that you feel scared , you ca n't stop feeling fear . 
  i have a phobia about a thing that is completely not dangerous and i 'll admit at every time that it 's silly and irrational . 
  it does n't stop me from going into panic mode when the thing is nearby . 
  i sweat , breathe fast , curl up , and basically feel terrified . 
  i remember every occurence of the thing in my life in like past 5 years . 
  so i try to avoid the thing , i do n't go to places where it can be found , and i 'm all right . 
  phobias like mine are curable , but i do n't really feel the need to bother and go to therapy because it 's not that significant problem in my life after all . 
  i sometimes get scared about a specific silly thing , that 's all . 
  dude , this is your system/browser/monitor / resolution specific issue . 
  it 's not the fault of the css code , leave it alone . 
  source : i professionally write webapps for a living . 
  no , i will not guarantee that my code makes every text readable on every machine everywhere in the world . 
  you do n't even know how weirdly font rendering works . 
  example : i worked in webstorm ide on mac mini with macos sierra and external fullhd dell monitor . 
  turns out that only in this specific combination ( webstorm + sierra + external monitor ) fonts are rendered extremely blurry . 
  i even wrote a couple of emails to webstorm support about that and it 's impossible to fix even though i tried two jdk versions with three different antialiasing settings ( webstorm renders fonts with a java engine ) . 
  but in sublime ( which is mac native app ) and in chrome and vs code ( which are based on chromium/electron ) fonts are rendered fine . 
  i said screw that and just do n't use webstorm . 
  in short : there 's really no rule and no solution to poor font rendering in some cases . 
  we can only try but there 's not much to do if your browser or os does something stupid with antialiasing . 
  if you want to blame css developers for not catering to your special snowflake needs , please just fuck off . 
  personally , i implement stuff , not design it . 
  if some asshole insists that they want raleway font-weight : 200 and font-size : 10 on their website , they 'll have that . 
  of course i will try to raise red flags and suggest changes that improve readability and usability based on my best knowledge and experience , and try to maintain the best viable antialiasing settings , accesibility and shit , but in the end it 's their website , not mine . 
  i do n't say `` no i wo n't do that '' . 
  also how do you suggest frontend devs to resolve browser bugs anyway ??? 
  are we supposed to submit prs to chromium to get your website fixed or something ? 
  sometimes there is a viable workaround and sometimes there 's not . 
  even if designer and developer are the same person and they can change the design , which is the case for procss . 
  i checked today and procss looks completely fine for me on chrome on both windows 10 and macos . 
  i agree your screenshot is a * little * off compared to what i see on my machine ( win10 fullhd ) . 
  can you just link the chrome bug report ? 
  oh , this is not a reddit thing . 
  this is a very human thing that has neurological causes . 
  edit : here 's an interesting podcast about it : https://youarenotsosmart.com/2017/01/13/yanss-093-the-neuroscience-of-changing-your-mind/, 
   it 's not some rare bug , it 's a basic fact of using chrome on windows, 
  windows : 37 % of internet users . 
  chrome : 75 % of internet users . 
  so you 're telling me 28 % of people who use internet experience this `` bug '' and google have n't fixed it since 2014 ?
