  she deserves some buff , right now she 's uncomparable to other midlaners like azir or viktor . 
  the thing is , in the time anivia gets to the point of hitting 2 rotations without getting oom , enemy viktor already did 3 roams to bot and got dragon . 
  without blue buff her moment of getting usable is even more delayed . 
  some champions theoretically can be good if ahead , but if they have no tools to actually get ahead then it 's pointless . 
  before lvl 6 harassing anivia is super free , her q is easy to dodge and costs half her mana and e does almost no damage without frost debuff and is n't even worth casting . 
  anecdotal evidence . 
  man u mvp . 
  his passive is not needed on jungle camps , he can devour any monster besides baron , dragon and buffs at any time . 
  ( altough it 's true you ca n't use on them q stun . ), 
  i played tahm support and jungle and while he is a good jungler when ahead , he has even worse early presention than warwick and is very susceptible to invades . 
  not sure why downvoted , it 's true . 
  i recommend this site , works 100 % !, 
  i downloaded 32gb ram and now have 0 problems with league memory leaks . 
  just do it, 
  if you 're bad with sivir and tristana , maybe it 's grouping and teamwork issue ? 
  i think that tristana is about taking objectives more than killing champions . 
  maybe you should try to focus on farming and taking down turrets and dragons in relatively safe situations when grouped . 
  she has w and r to get out of trouble when a teamfight goes wrong . 
  uuuuuuu, 
  i do n't like all naked legs , they look just weird , like she forgot to put on her pants/tights/leggins / whatever . 
  who would expect a twist like this right, 
  i stole a dragon with 1 point soraka q. 
  nobody said anything : (, 
  it 's hard to stun more than one person with it , they are usually just slowed . 
  i want this . 
  well now you ca n't : ^ ), 
  i started banning him , i ca n't stand this feeling when white furious ball of death is running at me , i burn every possible disengage and escape and still die wtf worst champ ever, 
  yeah , it 's awesome : o, 
  shame that it 's not longer . 
  maybe they will release full version on youtube later . 
  it 's also amazing vs soloq assasins , rengo , zed , kha'zix wo n't get to play league of legends if you stay close to the adc and nom them always at a sign of danger . 
  can confirm , in yesterday game with jungle sated tahm i became tank assasin dps mage support and it felt amazing . 
  enemy team has been running from me , they struggled to kill me 3v1 and i could 1v1 anyone , even fed as fuck diana . 
  this shit is broken once you get sated and some hp . 
  people ca n't properly cooperate with him and then blame him for doing nothing . 
  i get it that some people might not like the feeling , but if you want to win the game you should think about what needs to happen instead of what do you want to do ; ) . 
  it 's not like tahms are going to ask you for permission every time before eating you so it 's better to adapt and use the fact of being eaten in the most effective way . 
  i think that your assumption is wrong . 
  after 50 games with tahm you could have used your w on allies like 500 times . 
  in random 50 rankeds how many times can you be eaten by tahm ? 
  of course it 's a new champion and people still learn to play him , therefore make mistakes , but i think it 's safe to assume that a tahm player has more experience with using his w in a smart way than an ally being eaten . 
  of course he has to consider those things . 
  my advice is not for tahm players but for people playing with him and having no control over his actions . 
  what you can decide about is if you are going to ult with him and when do you want to click out of him , but not an exact time of being eaten . 
  you can adapt or blame tahm for eating you in the wrong moment . 
  in soloq you will often die and lose because of your teammates ' bad decisions , it 's absolutely nothing new with this spell . 
  maybe feels more frustraing but it 's not more meaningful than a bad engage or lack of peel or something . 
  team game bro . 
  do you think that in soloq everything depends on you ? 
  because i think that you often must rely on your allies in order to win . 
  maybe i play too much support . 
  the point is , yes , sometimes allies make a mistake you can do nothing about , causing you to die or lose objective . 
  you can get all tilted and frustrated and blaming or you can forgive them the mistake and adapt to the new situation . 
  i think that yeah , kalista ult or tk w can be super frustrating because it feels like you can do nothing to stop being screwed but it 's more like breaking the illusion of full control . 
  you never had full control in the first place . 
  i almost do n't play ranked at all , so i do n't think my rank means much here . 
  i spam 20 normals for one ranked and i think this is a main reason why i do n't climb . 
  hard to climb when you do n't play . 
  now i 'm waiting for a new hud to come to rankeds . 
  so basically yeah , you are being judgy and rude . 
  if you want to look at rank and not arguments then i guess we should n't talk more . 
  yeah , people behave like suddenly garen is supposed to be assasin and the main carry . 
  some guy spent a shitton of time playing garen and ca n't stand a thought that the old garen is donezo . 
   if nothing changes then i just stop playing the game and move on , but i would rather continue playing my favorite heros in a game i have spent years on already, 
  this is exactly it , i have way better and more challenging games in normals ( i often play with much higher ranked friends and get harder enemies ) and rankeds are just struggle and cringe looking at stupid silvers . 
  one time not so long ago adc flamed me for taking minions with targons . 
  when you play 10 times more normals than rankeds ( about 1000 normals , 140 rankeds played ) there 's no way that your mmr is n't way higher in normal . 
  i stopped playing ranked almost at all and i honestly do n't think i `` belong '' to the silver iii , i just do n't have the motivation to spam rankeds to get out of it because my ranked games suck . 
  as a tank the only thing you need to do is make pressure , do cc and eat cc . 
  basically you need your spells to make enemy team scared of you , you can never use them , stay cc chained for years and still be useful in a wicked way . 
  this is what is called designing user experience . 
  i love how an immature qq post with no content besides `` this company fucking sucks , and has no idea how to develop a game '' gets to the frontpage . 
  reddit is the best . 
  you seem like such an expert , random person from reddit , that nobody would dare to disagree with you on that matter, 
  lolwut no sanbox wtfffff dae hate rito omg they so bad i wanted to practice my lee song sapport mechonics but stupid rito wont let me thats why im stuck in bronze gg, 
  no , but seriously , please make the megathread , all the qq posts about sandbox are unbearable . 
  this is sick . 
  i like it . 
  um , i had no issues with the release hud ? 
  here , have this : \\, 
  more like 500,000 lol, 
  in arguing that i did n't have any issues ? 
  man i 'm pretty sure i did n't but maybe you can try and convince me : ^ ), 
  why not , this way they seem more social < 3, 
  and a heal lolololo, 
  coz they like each other so much < 3, 
  ^ ( both cancer champs god how i hate them rito plz remove ), 
  according to which survey ? 
  uh sorry d :, 
  all these deadly grabs , rip [ * ] let 's have a moment of silence, 
  ... no wait not silence aaaaarghh, 
  i did n't know that different players got different huds ? 
  if everyone played with the same thing and i did n't notice any problems using it then maybe at least they were n't so obnoxious to call entire thing unusable shit ? 
  so according to this logic they are minority as well ? 
  well it 's not me who wants to start a boycott ; ), 
  it 's not a random selection of players , it 's 1 % of players who are so interested in the game that they want to spend time talking about the game outside of the game . 
  half of the ranked players is below silver iv or so , and a good deal of playerbase does n't play ranked or even more than one game per week . 
  it 's not the case with this subreddit . 
  biased a bit ? 
  more like `` will downvote you to hell if you do n't agree with the current trend '' .
