  but if you take bad fizz and bad anivia , i have no doubts who will win . 
  relatively easy to learn and carry with + flawed numbers = freelo . 
  freelo term for the newly picked up champ obviously does n't apply to the higher elos , when you simply have no chance that enemy laner wo n't know their champ . 
  what sona buff ? 
  thx cpt obvious, 
  fizz nerf was n't based entirely on low elo . 
  but even if it was , why exactly do you think that trying to make 80 % of the playerbase happy is silly ? 
  omg omg ms buff yes plz < 3, 
  do you see all 123 champions played competetively ? 
  because in late s4 i felt like it was like 30 of them lol . 
  professionals will always pick only the best picks available and their meta is and will be really limited ; however casuals want to have this new thing called * fun * with all the 123 . 
  and that is said assuming that fizz nerf was based only on moaning of low elo players and absolutely not his performance in high level play , which i still call bullshit . 
  you already stated this , yet i have n't seen a single argument * why * is it a bad idea . 
  i think you ca n't compare league to any traditional sport , because their rules really lack complexity and there 's not much to change - amount of points ? 
  these games are played in the same way in generations . 
  riot tries to do very difficult thing : balance the game in terms of competetiveness and in terms of fun . 
  i think that in terms of competetiveness the game is impossible to balance . 
  so you wo n't ever see a split when more than about 30 champs will be regularly played competetively . 
  there always will be 100 % pickbans and few tens of untouched champs . 
  however casuals play all of the champs all the time . 
  you can see urgot mains , you can see unusual picks in the normals and even rankeds all the time on low elo , because people there are not strongly determined to win , they just want to have fun playing game . 
  ( it 's also somewhat else game in soloq , but nvm ) . 
  this playerbase are the guys who pay for all the lcs and riot fun times . 
  and they have to have fun . 
  period . 
  to resume , i think that pro players can play in any environment they will have to ( there 's a reason they are pro ) , but casuals ca n't have fun in any environment ( it 's in fact riot responsibility to * give * them fun without any effort from their part , since they are riot 's clients ) . 
  because without casuals this game would n't exist anymore , i do n't think that trying to satisfy them ( in the same time not forgetting to keep competitive scene interesting ofc ) is in any way silly . 
  in fizz ' case i guess it would be something like that : `` hey , fizz is not op in lcs , but it seems that 90 % of our playerbase just hates to play against him and permabans him , and if you look at it his dmg on all abilities is kinda dumb '' `` so why do n't we nerf him ? '', 
  `` yeah , good question ? 
  [ my feelings about adcs ( at least some of them ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqakqqxkcme ), 
  sure it 's not entirely serious lol . 
  but he has a point , adcs tend to brag about their kills , dmg and awesomeness , but often in fact without their supports would be 0/500 . 
  all adcs must let their supports carry them through early/mid and often even late game . 
  20/3 vayne usually means not ( only ) that she 's awesome , but that she had a good supp . 
  of course adc has to do a lot on their own and definitely is n't brainless role . 
  still i think it 's much more likely to win a game with great support and bad adc than with bad support and great adc ; maybe it 's only my opinion tho . 
  i think you just took humorous video too seriously , chill out , noone is seriously saying that * all ashe mains are douchebags * or something ; ), 
  yeah yeah tonz of damage , in this whole time when she is n't dead from a blitz ' fart, 
  did you forget about soraka or just assumed that she 's absolutely useless ? 
  today my cait gave first blood ~ 0:50 , did n't know how to cs and done less dmg than me as sona , not feeding , but doing literally nothing . 
  i get better adcs in normals than in ranked . 
  for the god sake, 
  agreed , twitch is hard and counter-intuitive on many levels . 
  lol that fucking sucks but is also so hilarious . 
  damn i do n't know what to feel, 
  do n't forget about your penis length , this may be crucial . 
  said thresh player with this dirty pseudo-hook animation trick , god do i hate it . 
  so disgusting ; _____ ;, 
  lmao . 
  thanks . 
  it ca n't be ok . 
  and what , women do n't masturbate ? 
  fuck you . 
  it 's offensive and sexist . 
  imagine the option `` i 'm female '' replaced with `` i 'm black '' or `` i 'm christian '' . 
  how does that even make sense ? 
  it does n't and fucking sucks ( my nonexistent dick ) . 
  you have no idea how many feminist discussions i have seen and how unbelieveably reluctant am i to even answer to your absolutely typical , boring and nonoriginal opinion . 
  sorry , strange redditor , but if you want to have actully meaningful thoughts , please go somewhere else and read something first . 
  it 's safe to assume that you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about - and despite that for some unknown reason you try to prove me i am wrong though i 'm pretty sure i actually do know what i am talking about - and i 'm really tired of sight of people like you in the internet . 
  of course maybe i 'm wrong and you 're awesome specialist in gender related aspects of sociology , then let me know . 
  i said that i saw many feminist discussions . 
  i do n't have time to prove you wrong , but i do have time to call what you are writing bullshit and advice you to go educate , because you have no meaningful arguments and insight in sexism topic . 
  dude you go around and tell like 5 people commenting that this poll is n't sexist , why would you even do that ? 
  you definitely have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  why do you so stubbornly assume that you 're right without even reading something first ? 
  do you assume that you have right to go and tell people what is sexist and what is not ? 
  if you do n't know a shit about gender related complicated problems - then why would you ? 
  oh right , now i see, 
   i go around telling them its not sexist because i dont want a bunch of over reacting pussies calling some dumb poll sexist, 
  ok , so you in fact have no idea what you are talking about and just wanted to force other people to behave as you like . 
  that will do , thank you . 
  i 'm sorry ^ not, 
  you do n't understand that , jus like adblock , it would not be on the site owner , but client side . 
  open in paint , save as png . 
  maybe just uploading somewhere else as a file , not a picture , would resolve the problem . 
  no wonder that imgur compresses and destroys quality of uploaded pictures when they have to host shitton of them every day . 
  just let people choose detailed tooltips in game preferences and set basic tooltips as default , here you go . 
  sona/annie : sometimes your autoattacks do something interesting, 
  ryze : spamming your abilities is easy, 
  lulu : pix helps you, 
  morgana/nasus/akali : you heal when you do damage, 
  thresh : you get more tanky when you collect souls, 
  janna/nami : people around you run faster, 
  malphite/yasuo/blitzcrank : sometimes you have a shield, 
  ` we will move more important to the right and less important to the left and then give you no fucking clue what does `` being important '' even mean , you 're welcome ', 
  i was really tired writing this d :, 
  pain in your ... leg ? 
  in your ... eye ? 
  arm ? 
  ear ? 
  hip ? 
  i do n't know that all sounds kinda stupid d :, 
  lol . 
  this is golden . 
  love the music . 
  this is really well done and sung . 
  why does that link to mobile version ? 
  wow , i love all the new vision changes . 
  this one with blue trinket looks pretty sick .
