  if you gzip compiled css it compresses the better the more repetitions of the same string are in it . 
  so like it completely does n't matter if you repeat the same super long multiclass selector or the same multiline mixin over and over . 
  it 'll compress just fine . 
  you should n't worry about it . 
  nesting too much of course is a problem , but this is actually a sass-specific problem which you wo n't ever learn about if you learn only vanilla . 
  every sass user sooner or later encounters it and has to figure out a solution . 
  ... my body 's telling me yeeeeees, 
  hahaha this is so accurate . 
  i tried to be smart and devoted ... ok now my family dies because fuck me for even trying . 
  no way to win some situations and in the end whatever you decide things happen . 
  this is like some next level writing supposed to make player feel bad and like he/she accomplished nothing ... 
  this makes so much sense but i do n't want to upvote cause that would mean admitting that he won ; __ ;, 
  i do n't think so ... why starks of all people when ww were created by children of the forest . 
  seems to have no sense . 
  only connection here is bran . 
  lol . 
  this is clever and sadly stupid at the same time . 
  i feel like modern browsers can handle bigger problems than performance for long css selectors . 
  i never buy boots of lucidity . 
  the cdr super quickly overflows . 
  feels like such a waste . 
  you can respond to a question without being a jerk and feeling superior to people lower rank than you . 
  edit : this post was begginning with now edited out `` itt : silver people '' . 
  i mean more like i do n't need to rush it , with locket and fotw i still have a fuckton options to build missing 20 % , i usually end up also with fh/gauntlet anyway . 
  he was n't a member of the skype group . 
  he just got involved in the drama back then for no particular reason . 
  i remember this . 
  you do n't only use aa/q/aa when you have passive stacked , you should do it all the time because aa after q is empowered and a great poke tool . 
  just a reminder . 
  e passive is great when you are being ganked or chasing someone . 
  w passive i personally use rarely but i think it can be good in lane 2v2 or when peeling one specific carry off your team . 
  we still do n't have any penalty for forcing dodges . 
  why are people downvoting you guys ??? 
  i guess according to reddit it 's fine to be an asshole as long as it 's entertaining ? 
  sportsmanship anyone ? 
  it 's like one player `` wanted '' to dc after waiting in the lobby for 45 min lol . 
  we all know it 's probably not the case . 
  one time i had a game that i could n't connect to either from my pc ... or from my boyfriend pc . 
  for no real reason , as internet worked fine ofc , and next game connected without problems . 
  connectivity is just completely fucked up sometimes . 
  no i wo n't click it this time ah fuck, 
  i did n't have bad connection !, 
  i literally tested two pcs for one game . 
  if internet worked fine and no settings on pcs or router changed , i 'm sorry but it 's riot who had bad connection with me . 
  it was one game out of hundreds . 
  it 's not my fault that they fucked it up somehow . 
  aww thats so cute, 
  and you ????????????? 
  why is this guy so hyped here recently ? 
  i do n't give a damn about him personally , the team is fairly new and not really super special , why so much publicity for everything he says and does ? 
  have you not heard that jquery is evil and everyone should use native js functions and test them and fix them manually in every browser that ever existed just for the sake of it ? 
  lol . 
  some people seriously have too much time . 
  i 'm not your guy , bro . 
  competing in silver should be silver vs silver . 
  competing in cs should be challenger vs challenger . 
  competing in lcs should be lcs player vs lcs player . 
  if you do it the other way it 's just unfair and stupid . 
  then it makes absolutely no sense to even allow them to have a team in cs ... 
  thank you mr bot, 
  well ... 
  i have a different phobia which is also a legitimate disorder , and do n't shove it in other people 's faces , even if something which for them is a normal conversation , for me is unbearably uncomfortable . 
  i just go `` lalala '' in my head until the topic is gone . 
  on the other hand , multiple times i had to use like third or fourth answer before something actually worked for me . 
  especially with issues like setting up environtments on osx which can be very tricky . 
  exclusive or not , this is the best of her skins . 
  one time i played against her and got rekt , still felt amazing ; ), 
  yep it 's totally awesome . 
  full ad , better dodge, 
  thanks , could n't figure it out without you, 
   unfinishedweirdarrowworm, 
  lmao, 
  yep it 's my thoughts exactly . 
  it feels like it was actually not a good decision , i mean it worked this time but it was so risky i would probably skip it for this draven and go gank mid ... she had 0 guarantee that draven would stay in her whole ult , and later when they try to get out of there they can easily become a double kill without summoners and ults ... 
  so it was not ranked ? 
  dude , support is fucking easy, 
  orianna could have easily just walk there though , it 's on her she decided not to . 
  awesome : ), 
  i would just like to know what the hell am i supposed to do right now ? 
  when i create a new app the next month ... 
  i guess i will use angular 2 , but with typescript or es2016 ? 
  should i use webpack or is gulp/grunt enough ? 
  do i need some other libraries ? 
  will it work in mean stack ? 
  and how ? 
  what do i do guys ??? 
  you think they wanted eu lcs to suck ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow, 
  come on . 
  it 's about mocking your opponent in a silly rivalry . 
  only one assist a minute ? 
  filthy casual . 
  words of wisdom . 
  most of the time even my team does n't know what the hell am i doing in this game . 
  vision ? 
  saves ? 
  shields ? 
  heals ? 
  what are those things , are n't we winning fights just because we are awesome ? 
  how is some automatic system supposed to know if i rocked or not this game if this role is not about damage or cs or kills but about helping your team in the most clever way .
