  almost every ult is situational ... 
  tahm is a late ball of stats . 
  as a support without gold he 's quite useless savebot , as a jungler/top late he can be godly tank . 
  edit : oh lol he also has some utility supportive ult active they say , do n't believe those people , this is the shittiest soloq ult ever . 
  nobody notices and follows it . 
  if you do n't play premade do n't even think your support tahm will do any good with this crap . 
  meh it 's way more versatile than for example leona ult which is used in general to engage , bard 's ult can do this but also make picks ( i guess that engage from half a map away should be called a pick ) , deactivate enemy turret , stop people chasing an ally , or even be a free zhonya for yourself . 
  it has so many completely different uses that if you can reliably land it as planned you can almost use it off cooldown because always there 's some carry to pick or some people who need to be saved . 
  when i play bard i more often go `` oh my ult is on cooldown again nooo '' than `` uhhh so what should i do with this ult if it 's useless 99 % of time anyway '' ( tahm i 'm looking at you ) . 
  yeah but also the list of very few ults that can ace enemy team when landed correctly < 3, 
  i get flamed playing bard regularly and i do n't give a shit . 
  he has unique potential to screw up or carry entire game with one ult which is easy to mess up . 
  also very visible ( and sometimes painful ) for people affected . 
  when orianna does n't land ult people are like `` lol what is this funny ball '' , when it 's bard it 's `` omg you piece of shit you killed me i will kill you '' . 
  fuck you people , i guess you land 100 % of your skillshots and i deserve to be flamed after landing `` only '' 80 % , lol . 
  oh god, 
  [ this one is unbeatable ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voxhllilbkc ), 
  source ? 
  this is gold, 
  haha it fits perfectly . 
  as a frontend developer i just want to say : dude are you crazy . 
  first off , downloading a font from for example google fonts has almost no impact on performance . 
  it 's like downloading a couple of very small pictures . 
  second , not all oses have to have georgia on board , so if you do n't include a font on the page , you will end up with some random sans font . 
  reading this i am like wtf this guy wants to do , seriously . 
  if you want to improve performance , the fonts should be absolutely no concern here . 
  rush , impact , bunny is my dream . 
  maybe it could , his biggest weakness in jungle is being vulnerable to invades early on , and this is a non issue in competitive . 
  at full build this fucker is the most scary thing you can meet . 
  eune , had stable 62-66 , now stable 88-95 . 
  packet losses too but i blame my internet provider here . 
  talk about blitzcrank . 
  funnily enough , when i started to play , before i decided to become support main , i loved to train with anivia , tristana and sivir for quite a long time . 
  as a result i 'm sometimes better at csing under turret as bard than my adc . 
  what would the poles do on euw ? 
  be mad at everyone because of 250 ping ? 
  it 's just a joke . 
  i did n't try to play on euw honestly , but i had ping 60 some time ago and now 80 on eune , i guess on euw it would be somewhere between 100 and 200 , which i think is close to `` literally unplayable '' . 
  yup , she 's supposed to have this burst as a compensation for only one basic spell doing damage and squishiness . 
  when she gets lich bane and some ap she can become a very weird burst/poke mage . 
  ahh man i love sona . 
  your screen would n't appear grey to you , more like permanently green or blue i believe . 
  would need confirmation tho . 
  are you a traveller from half a year ago ? 
  you are wrong . 
  the point of blitzcrank is to do this one or two game winning hooks - abuse enemys positioning mistakes . 
  below plat it 's incredibly easy because most people ca n't position properly and will make a lot of mistakes . 
  above it 's harder but still doable , people fuck up/can ' t dodge sometimes and for blitz a split of second is enough to win a game . 
  you are overly optimistic about balance within the supports . 
  he can not land a hook 9 times , let other support harass , land it 10th time and still get a kill . 
  it 's `` just dodge the spears '' all over again . 
  blitzcranks still will land those hooks , champions ca n't be balanced around `` if enemy does n't make a single mistake all game then they are fine so what 's the problem '' . 
  what the hell you 're talking about , besides his q he has also excellent early game passive , good ult and tons of passive damage . 
  she 's actually awesome , but not in this yolo meta . 
  his ult does damage and can even accidentally kill someone !, 
  what an useless champ lol, 
  even in challenger he has consistently had around 55 % winrate and high pickrate but yeah bronze noobs should just pinkward the hooks right, 
  can confirm : (, 
  i 'm talking lane , not teamfights though . 
  how in your opinion can an adc which is n't even the main carry of his team do something `` out of the box '' when his position demands only not dying too much ? 
  i so missed this , damn : (, 
   i love seeing ap powerhouses helplessly slap the minion in hopes of killing it . 
  hahaha this is the reason i often buy banner when my team is behind . 
  e and ult and if there 's anyone else by him you are already dead . 
  yeah great plan . 
  and if you are 3v2 and get pulled is this situation any different ? 
  show me what you gooot, 
  good question !, 
  like you said , only counterplay to this is `` do n't get hooked '' . 
  if he has all his skills off short cds , literally the single thing that gets you killed is being hit by a single very fast skillshot . 
  grabbed = dead . 
  without any weaknesses usually assigned to assassins . 
  yeah so balanced champ . 
  if you ca n't hit grabs you can always build tanky and w e q r. 
  hahahah , this is awesome . 
  ( i 'm a girl actually ), 
  yeah the weakness of tahm is his useless ult . 
  can make plays and crazy damage as a top or jungle but as a support you become a tanky peelbot . 
  still awesome vs assassins ( god i love it so much to deny them kills ) but other than that he has only a skillshot with slow and some mediocre damage . 
  he 's great counterpick but nothing more . 
  yeah i get it , i 'm used to it : ), 
  lol , so what ? 
  i 'm talking soloq , not worlds , do you think there 's no difference ? 
  great video hosting is n't it / s, 
  annie has half her range or less . 
  another way to say it : annie has very short range . 
  this is what makes her skills actually hard/dangerous to land . 
  it 's funny because figuratively half of counterplay in this game is `` do n't be in its range '' . 
  even compared to other mages her ranges are definitely below average . 
  where is his head, 
  yes, 
  well i would be, 
  i have it and i do n't want it , it looks just weird : |, 
  this ... no way i will play support into blitzcrank , i will pick my amumu jungle and laugh at this robot motherfucker , sadly in the new system there 's no `` support if not vs blitz , otherwise jungle '' option ... 
  omg thank you < 3, 
  start playing tahm jungle huehuehue, 
  well any not braindead adc wo n't keep hitting you anyway . 
  we did it reddit, 
  and what happens when a dynamic team of 4 looks for a teammate ? 
  this,
