  and for a good reason actually - work laws are a joke , maybe nicely written , but nobody cares to enforce them properly . 
  so in the end , poor people become slaves and do n't have real tools to get less poor . 
  they could n't , they were too afraid of kennen orianna engage . 
  they had nothing vs them with that ez varus rumble comp . 
  maybe if you are 16 years old . 
  this is just stealing concepts from designers . 
  taking away from people for free what designers at riot are paid for . 
  everything you create is copyrighted by default . 
   i am sure that they give rite permission to use their concepts anyway, 
  yeahhh right like rito cared to ask . 
  i 'm sure they did n't . 
  they just stole concepts because why not . 
  where am i even supposed to queue if i like only solo but still want rewards ? 
  makes zero sense to me ... 
  but you just entered it to leave this comment ? 
  i do n't understand ... 
  honestly a lot of proplayers seem like shitty people but are nowhere near being harassed and hated so much . 
  they 're most often than not just spoiled kids who think they are talented and genius and important and can be paid for playing games and have fans etc , it requires a special environment not to become a shitty person in a world like this when you are 17 years old . 
  she had it hard as fuck growing up , dealing with trans stuff and proplayer dramas all at once , does n't surprise me she turned out a weird and unpleasant person . 
  i do n't think she deserves so much hate though . 
  i 'm completely uninterested . 
  does anybody really watch las ? 
  has she become anything more than thresh one trick ? 
  i mean , why bother ? 
  i do n't know how do you know that exactly ? 
  i do n't follow her at all . 
  maybe let 's just see how she performs . 
  how can 50 % winrate be below average ? 
  lol . 
  you mean it 's her fault that someone else did something wrong and got punished for it ? 
  wtf ? 
  the arg guys told that they do n't manage the twitter account during their ama . 
  lol what a wall of text to say absolutely nothing . 
  tl ; dr guys : you can probably figure out 736565 from this site 's js code but not the second value ( needed for input field ) , because it 's not even handled by js ever , it 's handled by server php code which is unavailable to us . 
  what this guy is explaining here makes 0 sense and is of no help so do n't bother . 
  it 's not really as simple as `` just buy more servers '' ... for example , the bottleneck can be on a single server and has to be solved separately ... 
  \\  ima developer, 
  \\  depending on which language the game is written in , the trophy feature is about 10-20 lines of code at best . 
  the gym training increase is about the same amount of lines of code . 
  yeah whatever buddy . 
  `` ima programmer , i can write a hundred of lines in php and push it to server !, 
  what is development , qa , deploy , versioning ??? 
  why do you guys use such strange words ??? '', 
  exactly , it 's like you said one person making a house of cards is too slow so let 's add another person and then it 'll take shorter . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  development is a process . 
  you do n't speed up a process by adding more people to it . 
  i love it when clients just come and say `` i want this little change , i 'm sure it 'll be easy to code '' and i 'm like `` no dude , we agreed to something else , now my entire architecture depends upon this little something else we agreed upon , this will take ages to adjust '' and they 're like `` but but it 's so little ... '' . 
  that 's sadly true for me as well , often things are tested in unfinished parts multiple times after adding each thing . 
  it 's hard for me as well as a dev ( when waiting for assets , brief , comments etc. 
  makes it impossible to finish all parts at once ) . 
  but i guess we wo n't overcome this . 
  hahahahahah okay dude , you just do n't have any idea about development , please stop embarassing yourself . 
  what is your job experience ? 
  anyone can learn some ruby and claim they 're a programmer . 
  but there was a system and it was working , right ? 
  so yeah , this is what happens when you do a thing in `` 10-20 lines of code '' . 
  it 's badly written , impossible to adjust , unscalable , and it breaks . 
  i guess you guys want more features that would appear and disappear like this because of shitty quality . 
  then wait patiently until everything is really ready for release instead of complaining it takes too long . 
  i think you 're right , tracker may be really hard to do at this scale and just takes longer . 
  the first one was clearly half-assed and impossible to sustain for this amount of players . 
  op even said `` programmer '' , not `` developer '' , it 's pretty clear to me that he/she never had real development experience . 
  i 'm for killing 90 % of the users . 
  it sounds like a solution to me ok ? 
  meh , this couple of hours 10-20 lines of code surely would n't get into their way too much , they probably coded them during lunch breaks : ^ ), 
  i 'm sometimes so happy with what i can get away in my job when simple 10 lines of javascript are enough . 
   one extra class member to the encounter class ( logical assumption ) for the trophy bonus would pretty much summarize that part . 
  querying the database each time is also not the best idea while only one connection can communicate with 1 row in the database , there is no need to have the database update with every tiny thing , would be much better to get the entire row in the beginning of the connection into an instance and working on that , while updating the database every few minutes or upon connection termination ( some distributed database architectures update entire rows regardless if you change a single cell ) . 
  lmao, 
  you seem so smart and informed you could be as well a niantic employee in disguise, 
  so much this . 
  do you click all the links ? 
  from ... 
  global ?? 
  ok , thanks for explanation : ), 
  it does n't matter if it 's ranked or casual aram . 
  people play the game to have fun . 
  if you purposely ruin the fun for them you are an asshole and deserve to be banned from the community . 
  end of topic . 
  [ lol ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/047/536/562.png ) . 
  words of wisdom . 
  i do n't remember this scene from spirited away o __ o, 
  well , there 's still 100lvl cap . 
  tell a person who is crazy enough to literally kill themselves what is and what is not rational thing to do . 
  yeah dude the whole point is these people are unable to think rationally anymore because of their illness . 
  people who are severely depressed are not anymore able to decide what is and what is not a rational and healthy thing to do . 
  they literally sometimes decide to kill themselves , this decision looks for me far worse and less healthy than playing a game . 
  if you are in this state you 're not able to decide what 's good for you or what else to do either . 
  i mean ... why ? 
  it can also be 0 or a negative value, 
  source : iamverysmart, 
  ooh ahah, 
  this is exactly how a design failure looks like . 
  insane accuracy, 
  would anybody care about 6 gold small raptors ? 
  you are not , no idea why people upvote , this is just a moment from qt stream that is n't especially amusing . 
  i did n't write `` funny '' , i wrote `` amusing '' . 
  bjerg 's zilean was nasty in lcs . 
   in lcs,
