  you mean like half-life 3 ? 
  lol . 
  valve had n't released a single game since dota 2 in 2013 and they 're probably not going to . 
  and keep in mind that dota 2 is a ) completely free from technological debt b ) not a main source of revenue for the company ( or actually probably very minor ) . 
  yeah sure they are n't , just remember that things that valve does n't do or does externally ( work on esports growth , customer support , translations , and some gamedev probably as well ) riot does entirely internally . 
  riot wants full control over their only game and will employ the shit out of people to achieve that , valve can go yolo about their games because as long as steam is here there is nothing for them to fear in terms of money . 
  and if steam is coded and planned well , and can afford all needed infrastructure , there is no reason it would need more than , say , 10 people to maintain . 
  well played . 
  same : o, 
  and he had this `` caretaker '' passive giving him global shrines so you could heal up your toplaner lol, 
  great times, 
  and e second . 
  w is almost worthless as a heal , just ok as a speedup . 
  i would say top is often about making fights 4v5 ( make a pick , zone ) , 3v4 ( splitpush and force at least two people to come after you ) or 2v3 ( tp bot ) . 
  a lot about being in the right spot of map . 
  and also knowing 1v1 matchups very well . 
  it 's so sad somehow, 
  old ghosts were also awesome ( although with a bit worse slow iirc ) , but fqc also gives a shitton of gold in lane and helps to build midgame powerspike . 
  it 's not bad , it 's awesome for supports , but the item overall is too strong and too cost effictient if even midlaners buy it ... 
  it will screw us supports with a nerf soon , ty midlaners : (, 
  of course it 's worth . 
  setting enemy jungler so behind so early is a great help for all your lanes , not only bot . 
  i was responding to `` i would even say its not worth it for a buff/kill/buff and kill . '', 
  of course it 's hard to achieve but if you do it 's totally worth lvl1 lane . 
  if i understand correctly , in games like chess and go there exists something like `` tournament mmr '' assigned to player ( not account ) which lets them divide players between tiers . 
  so tournaments there pretty much work like ranked . 
  maybe razor could for example divide players after some wins like `` ok , you won three tournaments , now we promote you to our next internal league and you are not allowed to play in this league anymore , only higher '' . 
  the point is the mmr is related to person , not account . 
  there are multiple ways to verify real people in the internet you know . 
  pick soraka , heal him for two minutes , enjoy . 
  hmm i 'm a woman but not sure why should i join ? 
  meh it 's not a lot of girls playing but i think you can safely assume you have at least one in a match more often than not and do n't even realize . 
  more like azir than anivia tho, 
  i know how to play my champions . 
  the point is even when i do my best to play them properly i feel like nothing important happens . 
  my map awareness is rather okay already i think . 
  but this is definitely something to improve and something i could understand better . 
  thanks . 
  i play a lot of normals with plat-diamond friends and i learn a lot from them . 
  of course , my mechanics are worse , my awareness is bad , i do n't make calls but just listen etc. 
  - but it still feels so good to have a team that actually tries to play together and win and contains no dumb raging kids ... 
  i do n't even know if it 's worth to try to climb in soloq tbh , it feelsbadman to be only silver but those games are so stupid sometimes :( and i do n't quite get what i 'm supposed to learn from a game where someone ragequits or feeds and how could it make me improve as a player ... 
  i always have lane presence and bully people out of lane as poking supports . 
  and definitely i 'm not trying to stay with my adc forever , especially when i actually have some cc which can help set up a gank on midlane or something . 
  sorry , i know that my gameplay is absolutely not perfect , but i 'm pretty confident these two things i get right . 
  well i do n't play with those guys anymore , one time was enough ; ) . 
  thanks for advice . 
  i 'm trying to do all this supportive stuff , i just feel like my teams tend to throw it away with `` lol who needs vision/timers/calls anyway '' kinda thoughtless attitude ( `` i see - i chase - i kill/die '' - this is pretty much what happens in silver most of the time : ( ), 
  haha i played yesterday a game with four plat/diamond friends . 
  i told to my adc `` hey be careful i 'm going out for 20s '' , went to ward , and he managed to die because two enemies just walked up and did some damage to him without any cc . 
  i was like `` but dude i told you to be careful ... you were 128973 teemos away , if they were going towards you , you coulda just walk away ... wth xd '' , and he was like `` yeah okay ... 
  i could but but ... why did you leave me alone ; __ ; '', 
  adc is so tough , being dependent on someone most of the time : ) . 
  thanks for the advice , i also play adc sometimes , it 's something to remember . 
  i just am not sure what do i do when i see free dragon , ward around , ping 1000 times and nobody comes : | . 
  as a jungler i would take it even alone , as a soraka i can just stand there and be super sad ... 
  actually i am getting better outside of ranked . 
  in normals i do different things like play other lanes and kinds of champs to understand the game better . 
  also i master my main support skills playing very serious 5v5 normals with higher ranked friends . 
  i play rankeds rarely and honestly they are like the worst kind of games for me , i would just want to climb to know i 'm not silver trash anymore because i honestly do n't feel like one ... 
  i 've been in multiple promos and stay around silver 2-4 , and i still ca n't consistently win games , not sure if it 's because i 'm a bad support or because i 'm bad soloq player ( who should pick a carry to climb easier ) . 
  i was prepared for a slow climb , was n't prepared for no climb at all : (, 
  i do n't know if it 's true , i mean idiot with a kill can at least be somewhat more useful while a saved idiot is only an idiot kept alive not providing anything new from his pitiful existence ... ; ), 
  now she got nerfed so hard and got so hard to play ( range q ? 
  ohgodwhy ) that i 'm not sure if she 's worth picking over sona and nami who at least have some other things in their kit . 
  do you suggest to leave my adc alone with wave pushed and go mid as sona or janna ? 
  why am i not convinced it 's a good idea ? 
  i remember that , played her at the time as well : ), 
  yeah i think i should learn morgana , i tried her in a couple games and she seems super easy , and with recent thunderlords mastery her poke with w is just stupid . 
  i did n't play her before because i do n't really get her ult and i do n't really consider zhonya core on supports ... would morgana without any gold still be useful if everything she has is unreliable snare and spellshield ? 
  if i understand correctly she 's something like slightly more `` supportive '' annie ? 
  is she really worth picking up right now with recent zhonya/ap nerfs ? 
  this is a good question actually , if everything my teams do is chasing kills do i chase with them ? 
  okay , thank you . 
  maybe i 'll try to play her more . 
  i guess ... buy mac ? 
  ha ha . 
  i still do n't think your advice makes sense . 
  let 's say i win early lane , they are heavily poked and wave is pushed under their turret . 
  when wave pushes back towards us i go away and roam , ward enemy buff for example . 
  enemy jungler comes or just enemy support lands some cc and my adc dies 1v2 because he has no turret , no wave and no support to help him out and ca n't fight 1v2 even with poked enemies so early . 
  - i think fully justified . 
  hahah ok so you just mean a roam when i go back to lane . 
  this is easy , i do this a lot . 
  hi american capitalism im ur brother, 
  \\  two people, 
  \\  two points on a surface, 
  \\  dont stand in line, 
  hmmmmmmmmmmmm, 
  call me king . 
  call me demon . 
  water forgets the names of the drowned . 
  lol nvm still voted for bard, 
  seriously . 
  the guy is so professional , so relevant after a long career and so cheerful and friendly at the same time . 
  i want nothing more from a player . 
  ( and we share love for the bird < 3 ), 
  best soloq play by riot . 
  it was brilliant because it 's fact based . 
  dude .
