  wow !, 
  we used it and indeed it turned out to have a very nice village to speed up our survival setup ( we have yet to finish the vanilla survival mode ) . 
  thanks man !, 
  this is why i decided not to use aurelia and it seems i was right it 'd be too risky to depend on one guy who can just change his mind and bury this project . 
  this is legal shit and has nothing to do with proffesional opinion . 
  not being racist could make your life better . 
  every `` race '' is mixed with another , there 's no such thing as a person with `` pure '' gene pool even if their appearance suggests it . 
  deal with it and move on . 
  what you experienced means nothing to reality . 
  look at reality as a whole and not only believe what you feel , and it will turn out people are not defined by their genes , because that would be just stupid . 
  i think `` real '' is the only thing we were supposed to get out of them . 
  they probably feel like they are doing the best job ever . 
  and let 's be honest . 
  they are . 
  okay so listen . 
  i am now 165cm and 55kg woman with absolutely normal body . 
  some people think i 'm pretty , but i spent most of my childhood feeling super ugly and being taken for a boy . 
  you 'd want to look like me , but i 'd want to look better and so on . 
  i finally solved my complexes by not giving a shit about them . 
  the truth is it does n't matter how you actually look . 
  all that matters is how you feel and how you behave and what you think . 
  if you tend to obsess over your body you would still obsess even if you had a `` normal '' body your entire life - because of `` too much body hair '' , `` ugly ankles '' , `` too big chin '' or another stupid reason . 
  accept yourself . 
  you 're beautiful no matter how you look , even if it does n't make sense at first . 
  you do n't need makeup . 
  you do n't need to shave . 
  you do n't need to lose weight . 
  it 's still okay if you want to and it makes you feel better . 
  but it 's just not necessary . 
  okay but how do you even suggest to fix that ? 
  it 's not like they can move the hp bar somewhere just for the recall ... 
  i just do n't get what do you want to change here ? 
  it 's not my animation , i just found it and really really liked it . 
  well , i do n't believe in what you said . 
  i do n't think private physical property is always a bad thing . 
  but for intellectual it 's just that internet makes it possible to give it away to everybody completely loseless . 
  thanks for your recommendations . 
  it 's a bit hard for me to read longer things in english ( audiobooks i do n't even understand in my native language , need text in visual form ) and indeed some time ago i looked for the anderson book you mentioned , but had some trouble getting it from my local library . 
  thanks for reminding me to try another time . 
  yeah so check out the defcon challenge that i linked . 
  why would they create their own unique txt icon with truly meaningless text ? 
  i was lied to : ( ( (, 
  still it can have a hidden url that they registered based on this text or some passphrase . 
  but yeah you 're right this makes it a lot more possible that i tricked myself : (, 
  they should let us still ward while dead . 
  imagine new champ who could wander the jungle as a ghost after dying and place wards . 
  so cool , so broken . 
  terrifying d :, 
  copypasting people 's threads without permission made me really disappointed about this sub . 
  it should be rock/grass though : /, 
  ap lee sin support , is that you ? 
  it 's sona or karma . 
  meh you do n't buy athenes . 
  on sona is feels so gooooood, 
  how is the second one not soraka and the last one not annie xd, 
  yet another morgana and tristana skin ? 
  are there even some other champions in this game ? 
  ( it 's not annie guys . 
  she clearly has yordle ears . 
  and both lulu and poppy just got star guardian skins . ), 
  i 'm from poland . 
  there are few unions and i think none will officially participate . 
  people who want to strike are encouraged to not go to work but in a legal way - take a day off , go donate blood ( this way you also get day off regardless of what your employer thinks about it ) . 
  but in poland a lot of people do n't have proper legal contracts and do n't have any right to take a day off if they are sick or need rest ( yes you read that correctly ) . 
  this makes striking difficult . 
  generally people are encouraged to keep their job first and strike second if they are afraid of consequences . 
  i 'm pretty sure many women would get raped by husbands . 
  and probably would think it was their fault . 
  over a year . 
  still almost 3 to go : (, 
  yes because being pregnant and giving birth is not an issue in any way , you just sit there for 9 months and bam !, 
  pretty pink baby which you can immediately give up for adoption , which is also a morally neutral act that does n't affect anyone in any way . 
  you tried being pregnant ? 
  you do n't sound like you have a chance to . 
  let the woman decide what is morally okay for her . 
  i do n't give a fuck about your thoughts on what would be a moral thing to do with my body . 
  you can think whatever you want , but do n't enforce it on others . 
  i am all for preserving child 's body , as long as it is outside my body . 
  now what ? 
  terminating the pregnancy means forcing birth - with a pill early on or more complicated procedures later . 
  this just means taking fetus/child 's body outside of woman 's body . 
  the end . 
  let 's say there is a person that will certainly die if they do n't get a kidney from you . 
  is that okay to pass a law that says `` you have to immediately give away your kidney , no matter if you want to or if you 're healthy enough , to save another person 's life ? '' . 
  if somebody wants a law that says `` you can decide if you want to give away your kidney or not to save another person 's life '' would you call them murderers who do n't want to save lives ? 
  even if you consider a fetus a person which it is not . 
  still the person should decide if they want to use their body to save another person . 
  not the law . 
  i do n't compare fetus/child to an organ . 
  i compare it to a person who needs you giving your body to them to stay alive . 
  sorry but you do n't seem very bright . 
  if you ca n't understand this simple analogy i 'll pass . 
  well , i am too young to remember solidarity . 
  but honestly i do n't understand this too . 
  they forced and won free elections in 1989 . 
  then let neoliberalist named balcerowicz to do his [ `` shock therapy '' ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/balcerowicz_plan ) . 
  and here we are 25 years later : somehow everyone thinks neoliberalism is the best thing ever ( even though people are poor as fuck ) , everyone hates ruined and malfuncioning country structures and lying/crazy/both governments , unions are mostly nonexistent and nobody trusts them ( there are basically a few very big unions like solidarity and a few more which have more political meaning than actually serve working class ) . 
  i mean it 's still legal to make unions etc. 
  but people do n't even think about it as an option . 
  it 's illegal to fire your employees for union stuff in theory , but i think people are too afraid to lose their job regardless .
