  good guy rito . 
  omg plz no i think i 'm gon na cry, 
  which is kinda dumb . 
  true pacifist tho , i guess that should be respected . 
  hint : i main support . 
  of course , how would i even play soraka without my essence reaver ? 
  my toplane pool is ryze and akali . 
  maybe warwick . 
  which kind of support needs ignite ? 
  yeah i figured it out already . 
  you are the worst person on earth , also lmao, 
  how ? 
  o __ o, 
  but as a further picks they have a good chance to counterpick . 
  first pick can only ban his counter or be countered . 
  omg i want this, 
  definitely do not try thresh if you do n't intend to main him for a month to become viable thresh player . 
  i love laning against you , passive leona . 
  10/10 , awesome concept . 
  soon ( tm ), 
  their success lies in their customer support , nothing more . 
  we all have seen better games than buggy-crashy-frustrating league . 
  they just have to keep up the good work being `` the nice company '' , really loved by fans , because simply they do n't have that many advantages . 
  ( and i do n't assume that 's a bad thing , i love rito and their community too , even if their product is far from ideal . ), 
  i do n't know why do people play . 
  i started because my boyfriend was playing . 
  he started because his friends were playing . 
  maybe you can see the pattern . 
  : ) league got big at the very beginning and now is a facebook of mobas - maybe not the best product , but damn , everyone is here , so who the fuck needs your google + . 
  game itself would be high quality , if these things did n't exist :, 
  * penalties for game crashes, 
  * not solved 4v5 problem, 
  * not solved trollpick-dodge problem, 
  * this @ # & % ( * @ # adobe air client seriously what the hell, 
  * dissappointing official merchandise, 
  * untapped community potential in creating i.e. 
  skins ( hello dota ), 
  * random bugs caused by shitty spaghetti code, 
  * more random bugs, 
  * and more random bugs , some of them not touched for years now . 
  i can tell that riot is working really hard to give us the best game , but i think they forgot about meaning of so-called * gaming experience * . 
  i ca n't enjoy well-balanced game if it crashes . 
  i ca n't really enjoy beautiful textures if my abilities do n't work as they should . 
  i do n't want to be punished because some guy decided to pick revive/cleanse janna jungle . 
  i do n't want to use nice-looking client which takes 10000 % of my ram for no fucking reason . 
  and so on . 
  of course these problems are not spoiling every single game i play and will not cause me to stop playing ; i like the community and company too much to choose some other moba . 
  i just wanted to point out that league is n't really a great product ; even if design and conceptions are good , real experience does n't keep up to them . 
  i personally hope that it will change in the future and wish the league the best of luck . 
  you mean that phase about ~ 15 minutes in game when everyone wants to surr , but it 's too early , so some people just go and leave ? 
  yup often i do n't feel very useful in leaving phase too : (, 
  that 's not how to sona ... 
  party pooper, 
  i think that the problem with ap mages is really serious . 
  personally i love to play all these jannas , sonas and sorakas , but damn , they are so so nerfed to the ground that they are not only not viable as solo laners , but not viable as supports at all . 
  ( speaking of scaling nerfs , rip soraka and her hp regen . ), 
  sona has so much counterplay : any hard engage like - guess who - leona , blitz or thresh ( not mentioning morgana ) , finding her when she wards , or just dodging her ult and basically shitting on her ... she is squishy , relatively slow , has no disengage like janna . 
  all she has is great ult and some damage on q + passive . 
  i do n't get how is this op in comparison with e.g. 
  leonas ult and her other spells and her tankiness . 
  i win most of my games with leona not even trying because shes so stupidly easy in soloq . 
  still i had to main sona for weeks to get good at her and starting doing something helpful ... and still a single blitz destroys me nearly every time ( `` poke and not get hooked once in 15 minutes , then proceed to not being hooked for the rest of the game '' ) . 
   i 'll probably take 30 % of mine since i 'll use w for a heal and a shield to absorb some damage . 
  then i 'll cast another heal and i 'm getting close to full again . 
  yeah ... the dream, 
  you forgot to mention that you 've just spent half of your mana, 
   pretty much no one plays nami, 
  just these guys in lcs , but it 's not a problem since we wo n't play with them anyway , right, 
  q without autoattack does n't to very much , and sonas aa range is low and leaves her enemy with a lot of space for counterplay . 
  wow . 
  how did you not know for that long ? 
  wow that would be so helpful : o, 
  of course it 's an option , still i would feel more comfortable being phisically unable to play ( i know i wo n't make smurf account , i feel i 'm more attached to grinding ip on my main than actual playing the game ) . 
  i do n't know how drawing of full clothed man with correct anatomy can be inappropriate for children ? 
  do n't they get to see healthy male human beings around ? ... 
  because everyone playing lol and spending time on reddit has to be super healthy and absolutely not addicted or else should be ashamed of themself ? 
  plz . 
  i did not go here to read this bullshit . 
  have a nice day . 
  it 's super hard to not to fuck up and not to die to single hook , you can try this if you have balls , but if you want only dmg , better go for lux , zyra or morgana . 
  it all seems strong when you do n't see the numbers : durations , mana costs , damage , scaling and cooldowns . 
  sona 's w and e number-wise are garbage . 
  her heal is laughable and her ms boost lasts about 2 seconds and doesnt help her to get out of trouble at all . 
  her ult is only really good thing in her kit . 
  after the q nerf she will be even worse in lane , outsustained by any nami and absolutely destroyed by any blitz . 
  maybe if you are playing with people who do n't punish you for going to poke with this paper champ it can be worth it . 
  ( i am playing for these people and i have realtively high win ratio on sona , but i pick her only because i like her and i do n't think she 's really viable . ), 
  with ap every skill can seem op . 
  polish `` chuj '' ( [ who-i ] ) is `` a dick '' and `` chuju '' ( [ who-you ] ) would be vocative , like in `` hey , you dick '' . 
  choyou can be strange ponglish combination of two syllables , but as a pole i read it like [ cho-you ] , which does n't really mean nothing . 
  seems so : (, 
  lol , speaking of polish i uncounciously used a calque : d. should have written `` does n't mean anything '' . 
  you 're right . 
  counterplay is literally to kill sona . 
  on her aa range you can poke her back or engage easily . 
  she is unbelieveably squishy and poking at aa range is really dangerous for her . 
  it 's your ( both adc and support , mostly support ) responsibility to make sona terrified of poking and burn all mana and pots for heals . 
  if you just let sona poke and do nothing about her , do n't be surprised that you will end up low , because , dude , wtf . 
  this . 
  so you want to play solo lanes ?
