  we have nhs and free education , we have great weather , language and landscapes that i love . 
  still , people here are poor as fuck . 
  and government and laws passed/proposed by it are getting inhumane lately . 
  all the `` meaningful '' politicians are downright crazy and the catholic church 's bitches . 
  i guess no country is ideal but because i 'm a woman i 'm literally fearing for my health and life here . 
  the govenment supports everything that is `` anti-feminazi '' or `` anti-gender ideology '' ( whatever that means ) . 
  they are planning to completely ban abortion ( it 's already restricted to the point of being unobtainable ) and repeal perinatal care standards , and at this rate they are likely to ban hormonal contraception , decriminalize marriage rape , etc. 
  because why not . 
  i 'm considering that too , but the language barrier would be really hard for me to deal with ( i think ) . 
  millions of poles emigrated in the last ~ 10 years , most to the uk to work some random jobs that pay better than anything here , no wonder uk citizens are getting tired with all the poles . 
  funnily enough in poland people are salty about that , but they are totally anti-immigrant too , which makes zero sense , they go like `` poland for polish , britain for british ... and polish '' . 
  anyway , thanks for the advice man . 
  i play a lot and i do n't even remember the last time i experienced a bug , or if ever . 
  you make it sound like the game is terribly bugged while it 's really not . 
  in patch notes they cover only the most important bugs fixed , and they are still usually silly and affecting an extremely low amount of games . 
  when something is really broken , they disable the champ or gamemode and have it fixed really fast . 
  the bug from the picture is not even from the game , but from the old lol client - and they already have the new client in beta so it 's not really justified to complain about either one . 
  for riot it 's not a lot , but for this scripting company it might be a ridiculous amount of money even if they earned `` thousands of dollars each month '' . 
  i 'm glad that they won , fuck scripters . 
  i use it all the time on her . 
  splashart is great and if it 's cheap then that 's even better for me . 
  i totally prefer classic bard over the snowday one . 
  ( bard bard however is sick . ), 
  reverse annie , really funny idea , but i do n't see her used at all . 
  this comment is golden . 
  he does n't have tattoos or piercings so i do n't see your point . 
  he 's trying so hard to make her give him a flying fuck . 
  but you know that these people are intentionally trying to be as hard as possible to ignore , right ? 
  this is some / r/koreanadvice - if they want you to be annoyed , just do n't be annoyed , easy . 
  why green ? 
  why waffles ? 
  wtf man ? 
  this is not me . 
  frankie posted some transcription file in youtube comments ( he does n't create full sheet notes ) . 
  yeah it totally does . 
  sometimes even does weird shit like not rendering list of champs for example so you ca n't pick anything at all . 
  nope i mean literally zero champions displayed on the list , whether searched for or not . 
  ( and it 's ` she ' actually but nvm . ), 
  no it ca n't . 
  this guy is crazy . 
  i work as a programmer and 8 hours of intense thinking ( with a lot of pauses too ) is barely bearable . 
  playing lol for 10 + hours a day may sound like fun for some but it has to be completely exhausting if you do that every day for months . 
  brain is getting tired and needs to rest too , it 's not some miraculous machine that can work with full capacity all the time . 
  my boyfriend is diamond and gets really totally salty at times and it can destroy his day . 
  he 's also mentally ill . not playing lol or playing only normals is a lot better for him than playing ranked and getting unhappy and stressed out . 
  i 'm gold currently , i 'm competitive and i admit i flame a bit sometimes , but i would never say that majority of games is unfun for me . 
  i get all kinds of flamers and kids in my games but it just does n't delete enjoyment from playing for me . 
  i 'm almost always happy about plays i made or fun things that happened even if we lose . 
  if the game is not fun for you , stop playing it . 
  it 's just not worth it man , there 's a lot of other games that would work better for you probably . 
  rank does n't mean shit in real world , what matters is being happy and joyful and stuff . 
  your solved problem : they 're loud . 
  their current problem : nowhere to live . 
  i hope you 're proud of yourself , you entitled asshole . 
  now that i see this one i 'm pretty sure that it was the best choice . 
  nautilus design fits so well as a foundation for a reef . 
  on midlane you are kind of expected to roam and carry though ... 
  if you want to stay back and chill this might be not a lane for you . 
  anyways , you can always just pick any mage that seems to have an easy kit , like annie , and not pick an assasin . 
  for top basically any tank you like is easy and fine to pick , like nautilus , maokai , sion . 
  i do n't think a gemstone straight up gives you a wards skin ... unless i missed something, 
  lately i had an evelynn that took blue and ganked my botlane from the bush on lvl 2 and got a first blood . 
  i do n't know shit about evelynn but this was impressive so maybe you will figure out how to pull this off . 
  do n't listen to people that push you into support for no reason ( probably because you are female , because definitely not all lvl 4 players play supports , smh ) . 
  just take any champ that seems fun for you to any lane that looks interesting . 
  people on level 4 are basically monkeys at this game so it completely does n't matter what do you do , as long as you manage to have fun and grasp some new champion abilities or items every game . 
  continue to play bots for a few more levels , then try to blind pick with real hoomanz and see how that works for you . 
  this game is extremely deep and challenging and even after a few years people tend to have limited knowledge about it , so do n't worry and just learn in your own tempo . 
  for jungling you need runes , probably until lvl 10-15 it would n't work , so do n't bother for now . 
  probably the most important thing for you to learn now is to lasthit properly , so personally i would advise to pick some easy adc champ ( i was beginning with tristana , she 's free too ) , go botlane and try to lasthit as many minions as you can during first 10-15 minutes of the game . 
  minions give a lot of gold and it 's extremely important to get as much as you can from them . 
  why would anyone want to play janna on level 4 ? 
  i mean coin t2 is quite bad early but spellthief t2 upgrade gives you some ap and mana regen and builds into nice 10 % cdr sighstone upgrade ... 
  i do n't think it 's so terrible ... is it really ? 
  hey , thank you , that seems helpful . 
  ohhh til . 
  i wanted hextech annie but this may become an option if i get tired of waiting for gemstones ( now i have 3 ) . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's true actually , when there 's a gragas in game i just try not to look at him at all , he 's such a pile of garbage aesthetic-wise . 
  same goes for udyr and a bunch of older champs . 
  hope they all will get a vu sooner than later . 
  this is so shitty and disturbing , i hate it and hope it gets scrapped and i will never have to look at it ingame . 
  thanks man . 
  i need something as a background for when i make handmade stuff ( and i do that a lot ) , music is not engaging enough . 
  maybe you know something interesting that is not league related ? 
  this is true . 
  i just co n't get why we can still get deleted by an invisible rengar in 0.2 seconds . 
  does n't make sense to me . 
  she was wayyyy worse to play against . 
  rengar and kha are possible to kill some time before or right after they kill you ... shaco is impossible to catch at all . 
  if any of you wondered , music used here is the last half a minute of [ lulu and shaco 's quirky encounter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmnlrshjsg8 ) from music of league of legends vol . 
  i agree that there are some do n't starve vibes in it : ), 
  what ? 
  see this is why i run ignite and rush mejai 's . 
  i do n't mind necromancy . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  ok awesome , but i 'm not talking about the damage as shaco problem , it 's his low cd flash and invisibility on q that gets him out of literally any trouble at any point of the game . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i disagree , any given part of community is still community . 
  otherwise you could n't talk about `` lol community '' without talking about literally all lol players ever .
