  why ? 
  if i play well and my team plays like shit , yes , it makes me feel terrible and play worse , to the point i do n't want to win with them anymore . 
  but ok , i guess if i play well my feelings do n't matter anymore . 
  ok so you try to say that losing a lane is n't a bad thing to do and raging is . 
  of course i agree with you . 
  what i wanted to say is :, 
  * sona had right to be upset . 
  * sona had no right to rage because of being upset . 
  * cho'gath had right to lose a lane . 
  * cho'gath had no right to get into the game not bringing his fucking best . 
  i want to emphasise the last point the most . 
  personally i think that cho'gath should have think `` can i beat a decent zed on mid with my cho'gath and midlaner skills ? 
  can i win and carry game like this ? '' . 
  if the answer is `` yes '' then everything is alright . 
  if the answer is `` no '' , cho'gath should have dodged . 
  only reason not to dodge in this situation is thinking that maybe maybe your teammates will carry you . 
  otherwise you lose more mmr , lp and time than if you had dodged - so it 's not worth . 
  so basically what i think was the case that cho'gath got into the game with attitude `` ok i will probably lose lane and feed but maybe they will carry me afterwards '' . 
  and it 's like saying to poor skilled sona `` you spent time practicing your role , maybe dodged bad matchups , maybe tried hard , maybe you 're in series , but i do n't care , carry me , the noob who wo n't even dodge terrible matchup , or you lose '' . 
  and seriously it 's so insulting and so outrageous . 
  if you get into ranked game expecting that they will carry you and not you will carry them , there 's something wrong with you . 
  it 's anti-win attitude . 
  nobody gets into game thinking `` hey i want to lose this one '' , but guess what , nobody thinks `` hey maybe this time there will be a feeder who i could flame '' either . 
  but i am writing only about my feelings . 
  of course i can stay silent and not rage , but still i feel terrible and still it makes me play worse . 
  what if a feeder makes me upset and affects my next games as well ? 
  you think that raging can make feel people bad and losing game for them ca n't ? 
  you have some super powers of telling which emotions can happen to people and which can not ? 
  if i feel the way you did n't think of then there 's something wrong with me ? 
  you can carry as support , but only if your teammates actually have brains and let you carry them . 
  i would want cho'gath to dodge if he ca n't play at least decent on midlane against zed . 
  he told to teammates `` i do n't play mid '' . 
  it 's quite safe assumption that enemy zed played mid . 
  so off-meta bad midlaner cho'gath should have known that he will do bad against meta average midlaner zed . 
   he may have wanted to try to win rather than take a loss for a game he did n't play . 
  so better to try to make the other 4 more skilled people carry him and possibly lose anyway , which can cost them wasted time , lp , mmr and series . 
  well that 's so nice and positive attitude . 
  except it 's anti-win , outrageous and insulting . 
  i main suppor . 
  yes i do want an automatic dodge from you when you 're stuck in the role you ca n't play . 
  i play most unpopular role just to not have this problem and i recommend this solution if it 's so hard to you to understand that in rankeds you are supposed to do your fucking best . 
  if it 's a problem , learn multiple roles or just play normals . 
  in ranked you have to play your best , they are there to win them , not so you can feel cute and helpless . 
  and then it does n't work anyway, 
  plz let me have some hope ; ___ ;, 
  1 . dashes and cc, 
  2 . dodge q , srsly it 's slowest skillshot in the world, 
  3 . buy boots and roam, 
  4 . jump on her, 
  she 's immobile , lacks escape , ca n't follow roams , her wall barely works in dashes and jumps meta , if she gets caught it 's easy kill . 
  i just wanted you to know that it 's not fair to say :, 
  * someone loses you a game -  lol big deal grow up, 
  * someone rages at you -  oh noes end of he world how could he do it to poor you, 
  also :, 
   anyone can control whether they rage in chat, 
  is just not true . 
  for example , i do n't want to rage . 
  yet sometimes i do . 
  now what ? 
  this . 
  so you just should get off its way . 
  it 's really super easy . 
  how did you get away ? 
  it 's hilarious , i want it : d, 
  blah blah blah . 
  geez , people , stop . 
  i do n't have this bug , but wanted to wish you happy cake day : ), 
  i have the same bug on eune . 
  it 's really scary . 
  wait , what o __ o janna 's q always is ready to trigger ... 
  i do n't understand what do you mean d :, 
  teemo is super hilarious and i love having him on my or enemy team . 
  it 's always fun to me watching what plays will this bastard attempt to make this time . 
  i 've just played a game with classic teemo and i 'm pretty sure that his shrooms did make this sound . 
  weird . 
  blah blah blah, 
  if you have a 13 year kid you should be able to get over disobedience and `` i hate you '' here and there, 
  i mean , being a parent just is n't easy , if you do n't want all this bullshit and ungratefullness of idiotic teens , then seriously just do n't have fucking kids, 
  mother should be able to communicate to her child instead of expecting that he will be nice , polite and grateful all the time just because she is so nice to make him dinner , it 's her responsibility , nothing to thank for or to feel like a hero, 
  i 'm 21 . 
  do want, 
  just do em all ; p, 
  nomnomnomicon, 
  hue, 
  you mean like every adc in this game ? 
  man i would love to play with that comp so much . 
  i 've done that as a janna in regular normal, 
  was really sad, 
  i hope u found your soap, 
  no idea what it means , but upvoted coz sounded funny, 
  this is so great . 
  can confirm, 
  this is awsum . 
  my wrists often tend to hurt while sitting in front of laptop all day . 
  totally going to do these . 
  not controlling one 's emotions enough to not be toxic when you do n't want to be toxic can be a thing to be fixed with therapy , not with an advice like `` well just do n't be toxic , what 's the problem '' . 
  lol you certainly do n't have a good attitude about wards , your team needs this vision more than your stats man . 
  buy more pinks and upgrade your trinket ( to stealth ) on lvl 9 in every game . 
  do it in a couple of games and let us know how it worked . 
  `` you do n't have to control your emotions to do something , you just have to make the decision to get the work done .
