  believe me i wrote a ton of weird shit in jquery and never had a though occurred to me that the parent selector would help . 
  for all we know she might not even like the guy and is using him to get emotions that she has n't been getting from her husband . 
  what kind of `` cheating '' is simply talking to someone anyway ? 
  even when you know he 's in love with you ? 
  do we even know what was she saying ? 
   has already broken that idea of marital unity by putting their desire to hurt their spouse over their spouse 's need to not be hurt, 
  but you know that this applies generally to every possible kind of conflict ? 
  what kind of responsibility ? 
  do we even know what so wrong she 's done exactly , or is every married person forbidden from looking for emotional support when their spouse is 100 % ignoring them ? 
  i care if you check my phone , and i have literally nothing to hide from my partner because i 'm a very boring person . 
  it 's still a sign of trust/controlling issues . 
  op says that his wife thinks he 's controlling - and apparently for damn good reasons if he casually decides to check her phone out of nowhere . 
   but that 's because the cheater wanted to make their marriage work . 
  it seems as though she does n't . 
  she does n't respect your feelings on this issue . 
  she does n't respect your opinions . 
  she does n't care that you 're committed and she 's not . 
  you could say exactly the same thing about op months ago , when he actually could fix everything and prevent all the damage if he decided to stop ignoring her for once . 
  can you show me an example ? 
   how is he checking it out of nowhere if she has been cheating ? 
  he did n't know that at the time . 
  he decided to check her phone out of nowhere . 
  if there was nothing there , he would probably feel a bit better and more secure , getting a positive outcome out of his controlling behavior , this post would n't get to exist , and he would repeat the controlling until caught , because why not if it feels good . 
  it 's just a coincidence that in this specific case he found out about his wife 's behavior ( i 'm not gon na call that cheating ) . 
  you 're right , i misunderstood the timeline . 
  it may be some kind of mental illness that makes her totally not get the `` obvious '' clue . 
  i think it would be best for you to tell her that you do n't feel like doing things she wants ( list the things ) because they 're not your idea of fun . 
  you feel like it would be best if you did n't talk anymore . 
  then full on cut it . 
  people like this need all the information and feedback they can get , so that 's the nice thing you can do for her . 
  if it works for you , screw what people think . 
  i 'm a regular girl that some people call pretty , my boyfriend is obese and poor . 
  it 's funny how many people on reddit have had trouble even believing that , like it was some completely inconceivable magical situation . 
  i ask myself this question all the time . 
  i think i first visited this sub like a year ago , it 's unreal , those guys are encouraging rape and murder and reddit admins seem to give 0 fucks . 
  it 's a femaloid who fucked so many chads that her labia turned into roast beef sandwich . 
  this ... makes sense for incels ... somehow . 
  my way of thinking was that people are making this unnecessary boring shit while the world is on the verge of ecological catastrophy . 
   you could argue the same thing about any number of technologies, 
  this is probably right , it just stroke me as something truly not needed and boring as fuck . 
  wrong sub , psycho . 
  are n't women exactly what 's wanted here ? 
  it 's sometimes more convenient to walk around the house naked , for example when you just washed and forgot clothes or it 's very hot and you want to sit only in your underwear or stuff like this . 
  they care only about looks !, 
  idk , just giving reasons why i like to be naked in presence of my so sometimes instead of not being naked . 
  i 'm sorry , if i have n't fucked so many chads i 'm sure you could afford your dinner : (, 
  you do n't need to stop being yourself , you need to become the best version of yourself . 
  start with giving up self-pity which contributes 0 value to your life . 
  what was the outcome of your therapy ? 
  why did you get it in the first place ? 
  i agree that some of op 's advice is garbage , unfortunately . 
  my boyfriend was what you 'd call an incel , one of my exes was ugly as hell , i got some perspective on that kind of stuff , maybe i can help . 
  make sure to test your blood for anemia though . 
  my mother had similar symptoms , turned out that her hemoglobin was extremely low . 
  i mean , not having energy to do stuff can be depression , but sleeping all the time sounds more like anemia . 
  i could n't sleep all the time even though i sometimes kinda want to . 
  i 'm not a therapist , and this comment is not very informative to me . 
  their wounds are self-inflicted . 
  do n't pity them . 
  it 's what they want . 
  it 's not what will help them in any way . 
  this is exactly why you should n't pity incels . 
  they legitimately want to feel bad , be alone and moan on their little sub . 
   it wo n't catch on . 
  i agree . 
  let 's call it an optimistic / r/aboringdystopia submission then . 
  nothing original . 
  you can guess it . 
  does n't make it right . 
  oh no , how can i ever deal with it !, 
  so according to you , you can be an attractive 9/10 incel ? 
  that 's it . 
  i want a divorce . 
  i do n't think this fits in the banner ( 3edgy5me , sorrynotsorry ) , but i 'm actually looking for reasonable suggestions for it . 
  if you guys have any let me know . 
  you 're right , posting stuff that comes from another sub sounds like an unnecessary overkill . 
  there 's still plenty of content on actual / r/incels . 
  i removed this sentence before seeing your comment . 
  let 's say it undermines the point * in my opinion * . 
  of course it 's possible the point is different than i 'd like it to be . 
  that 's a bit of a shame then . 
  yes ,, 
   i removed this sentence before seeing your comment, 
  as i realized it 's actually not against the rules . 
   without using javascript, 
  do n't you think that trying to develop websites using only a fraction of tools available is actually the problem ? 
  also your example is a bit ridiculous honestly , this may be inconvenient , but it 's not the end of the world . 
  you can still use ` display : flex ` and ` order ` to get around about any styling issues that this could cause . 
  yes , please, 
  i think in poland you get it in every city . 
  yup , this . 
  [ my rats . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xgfe3 ) one of them , the brown/white one , was my best friend and died recently . 
  his name was merlin and i miss him every day . 
  i know that some people really do n't like rats , but they truly are the loveliest and sweetest pets . 
  they helped me through the real tough times . 
  i 'm so glad i have them . 
  very nice name : ), 
  tell them and ignore the moaning with all your heart . 
  they may be tired or unhappy , but after all it 's their responsibility to care after you .
