  sona 's kit makes her lategame stunbot with occasional auras helping a bit here and there . 
  not some q spamming poking monster , not anymore . 
  it 's impossible to shift her power towards lategame without fundamental changes to q + aa pattern . 
  those changes are a big nerf for her . 
  it 's weird because they said previously that they want sona ( and soraka ) to be more interactive , but with this cdr/dmg change she will need to stay behind and spam auras all game ( instead of actually doing something in lane first ) . 
  another pro tip : do n't be salty about a well deserved nerf, 
  yeah it 's only hook , knockup and silence + about 400 damage + being in the middle of enemy duo and wave , of course he will lose the fight if i harass him , i mean what am i even worried about . 
  this is sick !, 
  many props !, 
  some fonts marked as `` latin extended '' do n't contain all characters needed in polish . 
  ( those characters are : \u017c\u00f3\u0142\u0107\u0119\u015b\u0105\u017a\u0144 ) . 
  it can be probably an issue also for other languages . 
  as a person who often looks for fonts to be used for polish texts , i beg you , please for the love of god do n't mark fonts as usable in my language when they are not . 
  please create `` polish '' category or remove them from latin extended . 
  it would really make my life a lot easier if the fonts were properly categorized . 
  i reply to you here because i do n't know where to go with this issue . 
  i hope you do n't ignore me ^ ^ senpai . 
  i do n't think she will be able to poke and heal while waveclearing , not running oom and being actually useful as a midlaner . 
  numbers do n't check out . 
  even current sona seems a lot better in that resort and she 's not worth picking mid at all . 
  so what is a build which would make her worth going mid in your opinion ? 
  tag me as well please . 
  how old are you lol . 
  dude 20 % of women you meet every day are bleeding from their vaginas : p. women are able to cope with period in all kinds of jobs . 
  yeah for some it 's super painful and shitty phase but for most it 's just something uncomfortable . 
  if it 's really bad it can be easily treated with hormones and/or painkillers . 
  i assure you you wo n't ever know if a woman is on period from her job-related behaviour alone . 
  money is not everything ... porn industry is generally shady and has a long history of bullying sex workers . 
  even if this exact organization is awesome to their employees you ca n't be ever sure what shady stuff and exploiting people bring them money . 
  it 's really better pr-wise to stay away from this business . 
  if you think so . 
  i would disagree . 
  whatever works for you though . 
  personally , i believe it kinda does , but there 's more to it regarding porn industry . 
  the whole issue is that it 's partially illegal in some countries and by illegal i mean not controlled by countries/laws . 
  this creates dangerous kind of relation between illegal sex workers and big porn companies as there are no regulations which would help the workers to negotiate better terms and would force companies to provide some minimum level of good treatment . 
  basically companies can do to workers anything they want because it 's all illegal to begin with so no reason to care . 
  this works like alcohol prohibition or drug bans , it does n't stop people from certain activities , it just makes them uncontrollable and even more dangerous for said people . 
  even though hosting/creating porn is fully legal and regulated in some countries , the internet makes it so you can never be 100 % sure about their sources . 
  they could host `` amateur '' porn of raped underage asian girls and say that the girls were 19 and they gave consent and were properly paid , and you will never really be able to verify that . 
  i just hope some day the porn will be properly legalized and all companies forced to verify fully legal sources of porn . 
  until then i would n't advice any outside company to support porn business . 
  i wish that too , properly regulated porn industry would be so much better for sex workers . 
  it 's really a shame that this job is stigmatized and entire topic is kind of taboo for no real reason . 
  it 's a job and there should be laws to ensure that employees are not being exploited . 
  you have to clean your svg files from all autogenerated junk . 
  it works like inline css which will override most of your styles . 
  once you do it , it 'll work perfectly . 
  sadly most graphic designers ( and programs ) do n't give a shit about proper web-optimized svg exporting and you have to edit the files manually . 
  dear diary , today senpai noticed me < 3, 
  on a more serious note , thank you and i look forward : ), 
  to be honest she has also a mini exhaust but it does n't do anything anyway if the 3 champs on enemy team have any cc . 
  i would argue that actually it would be nice to have another janna , but it would be hard to find a unique niche for her . 
  which is very rarely the case currently . 
  anthenes is just way better on her for mana . 
  no waveclear , super short range on core combo , shit base stats . 
  have fun . 
  you kinda forgot about that part where bard 's magical journey is n't his ult and does n't have obnoxious cooldown . 
  they would feel comfortable , i assure you . 
  i 've seen too much people with such attitude to think otherwise . 
  like this is relevant in any way ? 
  and it 's stacking only on champs ? 
  hahaha rip top/jungle tahm . 
  no it is n't . 
  in lane as support it 's like lulu passive while having worse range . 
  on every stage of the game it 's a nerf comparing to previous damage . 
  little help pre 6 does n't make up for godawful damage overall . 
  think about it , after changes this could be the first champ not worth putting levels into ult xd . 
  keep up the good job rito . 
  why would they though ? 
  she would be super cancerous as adc . 
  never dying jumping around bitch with % hp damage . 
  something like vayne but with way better ult and ability to zone people in lane . 
  if she became viable in lane she would be instabroken . 
  slightly better first 6 levels if you hit 3 aa . 
  then rest of the game way worse . 
  telling that janna `` sucks ass in lane '' and calling her a lategame bf sword is so wrong i do n't even know what to say . 
  for janna i agree it 'll be mandatory . 
  for other supports it will at least become more relevant even when you do n't have heavy autoattackers in team . 
  it was really slot unefficient previously . 
  cdr is randomly put into all items recently though , i think it 's hard to be a support and not build more than 40 % in no time . 
  you do n't know much about hardware , do you . 
  ummmm no , you only need to change mac and ip addresses which is fairly easy for anyone . 
  at worst you would need like a new network interface card , but definitely not a `` new pc '' lol . 
  hmmmm that does sound appealing . 
  i wish we had something like this where i live . 
   everyone, 
  sure m8 . 
  i am not the guy who goes around and says there 's `` no way to overcome '' hwid bans when he actually does n't even know if that 's true . 
  upvote ignorants more , sure . 
  why would n't we want to be lied to . 
  yes . 
  for example if you have half base and half bonus hp , that means that compared to previous 2/4/6 % bonus hp on lvl 6/11/16 you now deal only 2-4-6 % bonus hp on every level based on stacks . 
  stacking :, 
  1 aa = 2 % ( previously 2/4/6 ), 
  2 aa = 6 % ( previously 4/8/12 ), 
  3 aa = 12 % ( previously 6/12/18 ), 
  4 aa = 18 % ( previously 8/16/24 ), 
  5 aa = 24 % ( previously 10/20/30 ), 
  as you can see you would need to apply crazy number of stacks to get better damage from level 11 .
