  why do riot want people to main 4 new champions every month ? 
  what 's wrong with playing only one or a few champs for a longer period of time ? 
  i 'm fine with obtaining loot being harder for people who play solo , but for people who prefer playing low amount of champs it 's not harder , it 's impossible . 
  giving players benefits for playing not what they like the best or what they can play the best but for what they did n't play before ... 
  i just do n't get it . 
  there a big backlash for this decision , for example :, 
  * possibilities for ruined games : `` maybe one of my premades will get an s so i firstpicked this awful champ i have no idea about so i can get a chest for him '', 
  * taking away enjoyment for otps who wo n't change their playstyle : `` so i got 3 chests with some random stuff ... and this is all i can get from this awesome new system in this season ?? '', 
  and i see almost no advantages other than :, 
  * people who play more champions tend to buy more skins/content and provide more profit i guess ? ... 
  and even if there exists such correlation this does not imply causation and possibility to `` switch '' people from stingy otps to players with big champ pool who spend a lot . 
  the new looting system overall seems very casual-with-friends-friendly and otp-going-solo-hostile . 
  but the system should be fun for all the players , not only the part of them which riot `` likes '' , right ? 
  otherwise it can make more people unhappy and frustrated that they ca n't earn rewards than people happy they gained something . 
  and this frustration is what stands behind most of the shitty free-to-play games mechanisms ( as explained in the south park `` freemium is n't free '' episode ) . 
  players who want to pay for something because obtaining it for free would be too much of a hassle tend to pay more than players who want to pay for something because it 's cool and totally unobtainable for free . 
  it can make a nice business model , but a bad game experience . 
  i for one wo n't want to play lol that uses frustration to force people into paying more ( or playing champs they do n't even want to play ) . 
  tl ; dr : limit of one chest per champ is there probably literally only to make otp dedicated players unhappy with the new system and either change their playstyle ( in a belief that players who play more champs also buy more content ) or lure them into buying chests ( because they 'll get frustrated they ca n't earn more playing the game like they like to ) . 
  in my opinion it 's repulsing to make one group of players have less fun than the others only because as a group they tend to pay less . 
  riot has been very fair to us players with their f2p model but this is just not cool . 
  edit : wtf are you people even talking about ... maybe first read the post and then argue . 
  edit2 : some people do n't get that : if you play one champion you can get only one chest regardless of your friends ' champions , see : https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/40o6bj/hextech_crafting_soon_debuts_on_pbe/cyvr8iu, 
  what is yours ? 
  i mean not about the exact timing of your roams but for example do you clear all available or leave some for future speedups ? 
  do you take them often in enemy jungle ? 
  how this changes in midgame and lategame ? 
  let 's talk our relaxing minigame withing the game : ), 
  i 'm seriously confused and do n't know what i am gon na do in this season lol . 
  what do you guys plan ? 
  [ removed ], 
  after everybody picked , the last timer went down to 0 but game never loaded and we got stuck in the lobby . 
  it got awkward and people eventually left , though one person leaving did n't kick everyone out of the lobby . 
  weird shit . 
  some can say only `` ok '' , some talk to you like twice a game #silverofthemoon , but some champs , like jhin , ekko or braum , just will talk all the fucking time , like on every ability cast and every three seconds at random wtf . 
  why so ? 
  am i the only one annoyed when i have a super chatty braum in lane ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i made this yesterday , it 's absolutely nothing pretty yet but i got inspired : http://imgur.com/a/tkm4n, 
  i folded the models ( super simple as you can see ) , unfolded , embroidered and refolded so the ugly part of the stitches is hidden between layers . 
  of course it 's impossible to do super fancy embroidery since paper would just tear , but i see some potential here . 
  do you know anyone doing stuff like this ? 
  do you think this makes sense ? 
  do you think some models would look especially good decorated like this ? 
  or is this just stupid ? 
  some feedback from you guys would be awesome , thanks in advance !, 
  edit : yay thank you for your kind words !, 
  i 'll definitely try to come up with something better along those lines !, 
  http://champion.gg/champion/tahmkench/ ( i took average from both his roles ), 
  i just checked out of curiosity , coz i have n't seen him for a while , and it turns out tk is dead . 
  now , i get that he 's been really overtuned in season 5 ( yeah i was a dirty dirty tahm picker ) , but after multiple nerfs he finally got really gutted and basically removed from the game . 
  is that fair to do something like this to a champion , even if hated and annoying one ? 
  i think it 's a bit too much ? 
  edit : guys this post is not about winrate . 
  about 6700 games is really not so much and tells us pretty much nothing because we do n't know playerbase anyway . 
  maybe half of this games are some hardcore mains or something . 
  the point is , the champ was dominating for half a season , and suddenly got killed and now nobody wants to play him anymore . 
  it 's just weird , it feels like riot did n't know what to do with him so they just decided to remove him and do n't bother anymore . 
  ( and i 'll just say that the comments `` good just remove him '' are just dumb . 
  if he was n't op for so long people would n't hate him so much . 
  he seemed antifun only because of overtuned damage . ), 
  ( continuation of [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/origami/comments/4bio7o/i_made_origami_enhanced_with_embroidery_have_you/ ) . ), 
  meet the [ embroided flower crane ] ( http://imgur.com/a/t4tqd ) : ), 
  i actually made this a while ago but it took me some time to shoot and share photos . 
  i started not sure how i want it to look like , but i am really happy with the final result . 
  i wanted it to be simple and geometric as i feel origami is quite abstract kind of art . 
  let me know what you think : ), 
  some notes for self about technique :, 
  * fold first , unfold , embroid , refold . 
  quite obvious but i want to make this clear , it 's not really possible to do this accurately without initial fold ( i think ) . 
  i have refolded the model multiple times to see how it looks . 
  * kraft paper worked well . 
  paper has to be thick so it will endure a lot of not very gentle touching . 
  you ca n't really expect model to look clean after embroiding unless paper is really durable . 
  * also try to use a thread that will not pill or delaminate in contact with paper and your fingers . 
  * make a pattern of punctures with a needle while paper lies on the table before using a thread . 
  this is important , you have to have some plan , maybe use a pencil . 
  you do n't want to have punctures very close to each other and it wo n't be easy to pierce the paper accurately while you hold it in the air with one hand . 
  * reuse punctures for your pattern . 
  see how i did it on wings , it makes it a lot easier to plan a pattern and also to repeat it symmetricaly when you use the same point multiple times . 
  * use adhesive tape on the left side whenever some puncture is risky in terms of tearing paper , the most importantly on the edges of the sheet , on corners and in the center . 
  this saved my model multiple times . 
  * do n't plan lines along the folds that will be actually mountain folded in the finished model , it wo n't look good . 
  place them 1mm from the fold instead ( see edges of the wings ) . 
  you can have punctures on them to create some lines that do n't go alongside though ( see tail and neck ) . 
  ( sorry for my englando if i made some mistakes . ), 
  especially blue symbol makes me super confused , it really looks like i have the pit warded even when i do n't . 
  i suggest completely removing elemental symbols from the map and placing them somewhere next to dragon timer in tab menu . 
  i do n't think changing their color or shape can really help , it 's a tiny bit of space on map , and it should be clearly visible . 
  edit : people who tell that i should look on dragon pit on the big map and then click back on the place i was , seriously ? 
  if i did n't want to get all the information about map at once and fast i would n't look at minimap ever in the first place , why would i when the big more detailed map exists lol . 
  this suggestion completely misses the point which is minimap not doing its job . 
  edit2 : no , i have never played with locked camera in my life , still i want minimap to work instead of not working . 
  i played vs one and he did very well . 
  it looks fine on paper - he has free ap from hitting people in lane , awesome zoning/stun e , although his mana or damage problems are a mystery to me as i never really played him . 
  he has no use for athene 's though which seems to me pretty significant for a support on this patch . 
  is he worth picking up as supp now ? 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  i 'm a support main , i love supporting and i especially like squishy supports which are hard to position with and not super common in soloq . 
  i am this masochist who picked sona and soraka when they were trash tier and really loved every minute .
