  now you can lose the tower to the ashe instead , yay !, 
  it 's only because from the beginning of the season all the others are becoming shit, 
   people who play support and run out of mana have issues understanding how to trade and trade effectively or just likes to spam their abilities . 
  yeah man sure , supports and mana problems ? 
  thats just dumb that shouldnt ever happen !, 
  it 's not like she 's been op for some time or anything : p, 
  i do n't know , are you ? 
  i just thought that it 's funny tool which actually can be useful in some edge cases for people working with typography . 
  this is a new skin for anivia ? 
  ** this ?!?!?!?!, 
  ** rito ... rito why ... 
  i tried . 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
  this is a great survey man . 
  you ca n't be an adjective too , smartass : /, 
  is this even a real language, 
   you fucking retard, 
  at least * you * are nice, 
  damn dyrus u have some really fat fingers , u should work out more with lustcena and santorin ^ if ^ you ^ know ^ what ^ i ^ mean, 
  so ... not like an assasin ? 
  because this game is about teamwork , not winning 1v1 on hecarim being ahead with ignite vs rumble, 
  ye he should have stayed safe at base , the fact that tsm got an objective for every dyrus ' death and won the game is insignificant , obviously kda is the only thing that counts, 
  his latest rework was almost a year ago , when basically all the assasins shined ... 
  good, 
  i think your comment is underrated . 
  bards autos with meeps are pretty brutal . 
  but bard does n't have `` a lot of stuff '' at all , not more than , i do n't know , anivia , viktor , annie and a bunch of older champs . 
  i do n't know what are you talking about . 
  it 's not about `` how many things champs has '' but about `` how many things single spell does '' . 
  bard is at most * slightly * more complicated than for example sona . 
  ekko on the other hand has zillion of additions , conditions and tweaks to every skill . 
  what do i do if i did n't want any change in the first place ? 
  it 's not a new meme . 
  sorry i 'm not enjoying it all as much as you do ? 
  because integrity is also a value, 
  eune , same here , no issues nor i heard about any from my friends . 
  i just wanted to say that after this comment i looked up your comment history and get to know some new subreddits , restored some faith in humanity as well . 
  you seem like an interesting person . 
  thank you . 
  so is not a community for beginners . 
  you have a lot of places to learn , to `` try to become a better programmer '' , etc. 
  there is a lot of materials for beginners everywhere and i simply do n't believe your questions are n't answered somewhere . 
  you should n't look for help on so if it 's supposed to be help to * you * and not other people . 
  so is designed as a wiki where only valuable and unique questions should get attention and stay in the internet for eternity as a source of valueable knowledge . 
  so is for people seriously working with code who encounter problems that are a ) so weird that only true experts can answer how to overcome them b ) common yet not clearly answered ( for example after java 8 update when people tried to figure out how to use properly new possibilities ) . 
  you did n't describe yourself as a such person but simply a noob who needs basic directions . 
  helping noobs is not at all in so field of interest and you definitely should n't expect this community to do so . 
  i assure you that you will appreciate their strict moderation when you will work on some more serious things . 
  deadlines hate my code . 
  friendly internet interactions always seem creepy . 
  quality content, 
  i think that it 's only na , on eune me and my friends have no problems . 
  it was a great reading guys . 
  moderators please come back ... 
  lol ? 
  it 's only your opinion, 
   work much better when animated, 
  animated thingies in ui are very distracting and unnecessarry , i think unanimated are way better . 
  * fire nation attacked . 
  criticism yes , whining `` omg mom why would you forbid me to do that are you crazy you are literally hitler '' no . 
  `` all this complaining '' -  whining and bitching , not realistic criticism, 
  i would like to see a guide like this as well !, 
  ap sona is for q aa burst , her heal is only a nonsignificant bonus here . 
  no need to get ap for heal if it does n't mean relatively more dmg . 
  also lich bane is almost always first item on her and luden 's gives her waveclear she lacks . 
  so i 'd say rabadon would be viable as a 3-4 item if anything . 
  same here , i really liked old trist , but after rework started to hate her . 
  she looks weird , her animations are weird , her new vo is weird . 
  her delayed e makes making plays much harder . 
  i feel that she became kinda boring . 
  but i do n't know , someone else probably could find her super fun . 
  but why is n't vayne attacking him ? 
  vayne why are n't you attacking him ??? 
  wrong ? 
  come back , joel !, 
  additionally , if vayne really was too scared to get in ryze 's range when his w is up ( = fucking always ) she should n't stay near to maokai not doing dmg and only watching him tanking and dying , but just run away . 
  that 's not even the case , as somebody else pointed out , vayne did n't attack ryze due to piglet using a-click instead of just right click on ryze . 
  i think it 's safe to assume it was n't intentional and well-thought . 
  `` w was up for ryze '' ? 
  not sure if joking or just stupid ? 
  : ddd, 
  piglet did n't play perfectly , he attacked minions instead of ryze and was not doing dmg in last seconds of maokais life for no reason, 
  `` ashe why did you die ?!?!?! '', 
  `` maybe because vi walked by the frontline , dived inhib turret , flashed , ulted and deleted me . '', 
  `` you should position yourself better . '', 
  i died inside . 
  a crappy player on kalista can successfully keep his support from carrying him , that 's a poor example i think . 
   great classics such as abstractsingletonproxyfactorybean and transactionawarepersistencemanagerfactoryproxy . 
  they really do exist . 
  you need to learn common patterns , data structures and algorithms before getting to do serious work . 
  you need to understand what 's happening inside your program - not only to program better , but for example to be able to debug and optimize performance . 
  hmm , sorry , but for me this looks like a terrible advice to give to someone who is willing to learn , not only earn easy money as a code monkey ... 
  it was the end of the game with the last fight near our inhib tower . 
  i won lane , but later basically nobody did absolutely nothing the entire game to peel me from diana & vi flashing , jumping and ulting at me in every fight . 
  and then some asshole tells me to position myself better . 
  yeah thanks , great advice , asshole . 
  i do n't know . 
  i went to university . 
  i agree with you , it 's not making game harder and more interesting , just more random and dumb . 
  hey let 's play with eyes closed it will be fun and pure skill .
