  i 'll remember that from now on , i was pretty sure it extends the duration for some reason : |, 
  \\  group a : `` hey group b your game succcksss you are stupiddd hurr durr '', 
  \\  group b : `` lol , group a , this is not a reason to insult anyone , you 're immature jerks '', 
  \\  / u/pakman32 : you are all the same, 
  literally every kit in the game sounds broken when you just describe all the abilities like that . 
  seriously , every one of them . 
  try that out . 
  her emote is easily the best one in the game , she has to stay, 
  i tried to figure it out for a really long time but i seriously can not understand who the fuck are you talking about : d, 
  it 's possible to implement of course , but from ux standpoint it 's a weird burden for the user ( who does n't even need to know that this element has a : hover style in the first place ) . 
  braum ult and passive are frustrating as fuck too . 
  seriously , noone even plays taric , but when i play vs him , he 's cancer 100 % of the time . 
  lol fuck this truce-breaker, 
  ashe is the least edgy from all the adcs . 
  she 's just an elegant queen who does her job with her frost bow . 
  such a nice champ . 
  i like how happy they all are . 
   but risks come in degrees . 
  the mother could say that taking the child to the adoption centre still involves risks to her wellbeing , such as getting run over by a car en-route , or contracting the flu from a random pedestrian . 
  in other words , there is a non-zero percent chance of her health and maybe even life getting hurt . 
   is it acceptable to force these risks on the mother ? 
  if they are , does that mean that the mother should be forced to give birth as long as the risks associated with pregnancy are lowered to some predetermined level ? 
  it 's her choice whether she prefers to go to adoption center or stay with child at home . 
  nobody forces her to do either of those things , both of them are perfectly legal . 
   you never consented to this kind of risk , you did n't even know i took it on your behalf . 
  now you need to stay attached to me in order to survive . 
  but i invoke bodily autonomy and say that you have no right to my organs . 
  i detach myself and you die . 
  is it justified for me to endanger you like that for my own purposes and then let you die for it ? 
  this is ridiculous analogy . 
  there exists no child who lives before people have sex . 
  therefore there 's noone who could consent to anything . 
  if you decide to have sex you do n't take risk on anybody 's behalf , because there is nobody other than you and your partner . 
  i do n't think you 're actually open to reasonable arguments . 
   the question is , is she obligated to take care of the child via the use of her body ( breastfeeding for example ) until someone else can assume care ? 
  or can she just let the child starve to death , since the child has no right to leech off of her bodily autonomy ? 
  lol . 
  you do literally everything you do with your body . 
  does n't mean that every ethical discussion in the world is about bodily autonomy . 
  are you sure that you understand the term ? 
  you have to take care of a child until it has some other in a same way that you have to take care of someone dying in front of you . 
  this is a matter of personal freedom , not bodily autonomy . 
  there 's literally no law that violates person 's bodily autonomy other than laws requiring you not to do abortion for some reasons . 
   whether the child exists before the act is wholly irrelevant . 
  no , it 's entirely relevant to this analogy . 
  in one situation an adult living person is bound to another , in the other situation a nonexistent potential of a human is bound to an adult living person . 
  in general , ethics are not measured in some absolute values . 
  you ca n't make ethical analogies like `` you would not kill a human , but you kill mosquitos ? 
  what a hypocrisy '' . 
  at least you ca n't do that and expect to be taken seriously . 
  some situation are different , because , lol , they are different . 
  if we would n't want to use different norms for different things , we would n't need to discuss anything at all , there would be literally one rule ( for example , `` do n't ever kill anything that is alive , eat only fruits that fell from the tree '' ) and we would all obey it in all the cases . 
  in ethics always there will be multiple conflicting values . 
  one value is the right to be alive . 
  other value is the right to bodily autonomy , or even personal freedom , autonomy overall . 
  and actually you ca n't `` objectively '' decide which one is more important . 
  you can only observe what other people already agreed upon and try to derive from that . 
  i recommend declaration of human rights for that . 
  hey , i 'm from poland too . 
  i think you should pay more attention to things that are happening around you . 
  there are sexist and harmful things happening every day to women in poland . 
  someone has to be there for them , because our current government does n't seem to care at all . 
  feminists do n't really fight for more rights in poland at the moment , i think it 's more about defending people from all kinds of terrible things that happen to them only because of their gender . 
  if you use fb , i can send you a pm with multiple groups and fanpages with articles etc. 
  that will allow you to educate a bit and see for yourself why feminism is very much needed in poland , every day . 
  nooooo stop it, 
  i have you tagged as backstabbing backstabber, 
  janna the savior < 3 ( of one of the teams ), 
  i believe it 's [ this fine lady ] ( http://i.imgur.com/garycyd.png ), 
  yeah but this time she 's * on * weed ... if you know what i mean, 
  yeah it 's bot doing the clicking . 
  yup , pretty much this . 
  i kinda love it . 
  hmmm . 
  if the only thing bot does is clicking on enemy fountain . 
  than i guess it 's possible to get an assist with heal if bot casts it near somebody . 
  but how the hell is it supposed to get kills ??? 
  edit : actually seems the bot also takes cs sometimes ... weird . 
  do you guys found some video where it 's doing something else than running down mid ? 
  it 's not a feeder but a bot . 
  they ban bots in waves . 
  also ban wo n't really help here anyway because bot can be run again to level new account to 30 in no time . 
  they actually need to work on bot detection here , not feederbuster which is supposed to punish real people . 
  lol , i meant it 's a feeder bot , not a feeder human . 
  these two things have to be handled separately . 
  you really believe someone 's feeding manually on multiple accounts for 24 hours everyday ? 
  have you even watched the videos ? 
  it 's not a human . 
  yes it matters a lot . 
  a banned troll player will eventually get tired even if they buy/level some new accounts and they get banned as well . 
  so player will either reform or give up playing at all . 
  but a malicious bot can level new accounts in no time so banning them does literally nothing to it . 
  bot never cared about the accounts in the first place so why banning them would stop it ? 
  you need to analyze the bot and figure out how your security and anti-bot software can prevent it from existing at all . 
  otherwise you will never get rid of the malicious behavior . 
  check and then what ? 
  you really think they have n't done anything yet because they just do n't know and they need reddit detectives to find bots for them ? 
  lol . 
  they just need to develop some anti-bot system . 
  before they do , banning the accounts wo n't stop the bot .
