  this is not true at all , maybe in his environment people behave like this , but in poland we have actually very good and free possibilities to treat depression . 
  if he 's not underage he could easily seek treatment . 
  if you hear from him again , you can contact me and i 'll explain , i have some experience with that , my boyfriend is/was similar situation . 
  it 's doable to get out of it . 
  dude , it was written on their lore page . 
  darius is the next . 
  i love it, 
   i 'm not building ap on sona so i can 1 shot people and ks kills and have a high damage dealt to champs stat, 
  then you 're playing sona wrong : v, 
  this is hilarious , i love it . 
  i do n't have any great advice here , just wanted to let you know that herpes is very common , treatable and not dangerous at all , you should n't worry about it at all . 
  it 's a silly little disease that 's apparently demonised in us for no reason . 
  thanks , it means a lot . 
   maybe riot should make a punishment for sexism/racism , where the offender has to watch a video about how to avoid being mean . 
  that makes sense . 
  except when you 're a woman , black or a young boy , in this case you better not play ranked ever again or prepare to being harassed all day long only for who you are . 
  black people have been harassed for being black , as this is apparently recognizable over voice chat . 
  ( source : comments in this thread ) . 
  nice how you conveniently ignored the women part . 
  you do n't understand . 
  for men joining voice chat is just this , joining voice chat . 
  for women it 's a declaration `` hey , i 'm probably different than you , young stupid teenagers , and i hope you wo n't harass me for this in this stressful and flame-intensive video game '' . 
  and also joining voice chat . 
  i do n't `` hate it automatically '' . 
  it 's just tiring to declare such long sentences in each ranked game and have your hope destroyed in at least some of them . 
  under my other comment ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6bge00/league_of_legends_might_get_voice_chat_riot_are/dhmilkm/ ) you can find a ton of comments about how female players feel like about voice chat . 
  it 's not a reason as long as you are a man . 
  but yeah , i get that expecting empathy in / r/lol is sometimes too much . 
  but that 's the point , i do n't want my situation in ranked to suddenly become worse than others . 
  `` voice chat is necessary to be competitive !!!!, 
  we need to have it because this game relies on teamwork !!!!, 
  but if you ca n't or do n't want to use your voice for some reason , you can always opt out and maybe just not play ranked ever again or drop a division lol , not like i care '', 
  yeah thanks , nice advice mate . 
  wtf is this romanium combo what the hell . 
  as an `` overseas '' developer : some of us are actually qualified you know : ), 
  i 'm a woman and probably wo n't ever hear something like this , i 'm angry for you guys . 
  there 's also a name for people who believe this stuff . 
  ... you know it . 
  like dogs care about what some unrelated humans think . 
  there is more things `` overseas '' than 3rd world countries you know : ), 
  yeah i admit i kinda got triggered by `` lul overseas developers '' meme instead of paying attention to irony in the comment i responded to . 
  ( btw i 'm a woman ), 
  sure , no hard feelings . 
  im a woman goddammit, 
  i wonder why do you do these designs ? 
  are you paid for this ? 
  is this some sophisticated hobby ? 
  is this promotion for your business ? 
  lol what being lesbian has to do with wanting to appear more masculine in your opinion xd . 
  these things have literally 0 in common . 
  this is fucking great . 
  when i saw it i went full `` whadafuuuuuck '' . 
  nice job man . 
  damn smooth, 
  30 minutes is already superlate , 40 is superhiperlate , 50 is superhiperultralate . 
  literally unbuyable . 
  oh happy day , when i never have to play against lee ever again . 
  well that 's just sad . 
  this game messes with some people in ways that are n't pretty . 
  but the earth refused to die . 
  or a nice cage for the rats < 3, 
  srsly tho , i have rats , and i imagine they can be pretty tough to kill for a cat . 
  if i had a cat i would n't let it fight with wild rats . 
  those motherfuckers can be really strong , smart , agile and determined . 
  also live in mischiefs so it 's possible they wo n't fight alone . 
  this ai n't no mice . 
  ca n't wait to never opt in !, 
  but not using your voice was never an issue in ranked . 
  now it will become an issue . 
  therefore people not using voice will now have worse chances in ranked even though previously they had even chances . 
  it 's like dynamic queue . 
  having friends to play with was never a requirement to be competitive in ranked . 
  so when it became a requirement , there was a backlash , because ranked rules suddenly changed for a big group of people who preferred to go solo . 
  it 's understandable there 's a backlash from people who prefer to not use voice too . 
  i hate it already . 
  i 'm 23 and feel the same . 
  but i 'm a woman so it 's even worse as i ca n't really speak without fear of bullying me ingame for no reason . 
  ca n't wait to listen to complete strangers yelling into my ears !, 
  i wish you the best but i do n't think it will . 
  if you play on non-english server most people will probably be worse than you ( you can at least browse reddit and produce a coherent sentence ) . 
  good luck tho . 
  on eune it 's exactly the same and yet they enable it here . 
  i would guess that euw is too big or something . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'll enjoy lol less . 
  my man . 
  there is no russians on eune though . 
  can confirm , 0 russians seen ever in 3 years . 
  also add serbians and croatians . 
  mute button does n't change anything about not being treated seriously . 
  voice insults are the least of my concerns . 
  yeah no loss except being at a disadvantage in ranked xd . 
  did you already forgot why people here cried about voice in the first place ? 
  `` we need it to be competitive !!!!, 
  this is teamwork driven game !!!! '' . 
  now suddenly i can either try to be competitive and be harassed for that , or not be competitive ? 
  yeah nice choice !, 
  or else ... !, 
  weird , i 've never seen a russian . 
  wow so if you do n't play with premade you should be at disadvantage as well . 
  simple .
