  raka has to stop to cast it and it 's very hard to hit even when not in danger . 
  hey , you missed this great one about man masturbating on childrens ' clothes being allowed to work with children ... fuck why did n't i leave it sooner, 
  i was pretty sure that the one for immortals says `` int !, 
  int !, 
  i work with indie companies , can confirm . 
  they would rather die than cut off a feature . 
  yeah people honor supports when they do n't know who to honor . 
  interestingly , for some people the opposite is often true : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impostor_syndrome, 
  morgana has a passive ? 
  wolf and lamb, 
  i did n't ? 
  just notice that people seem to usually choose support when they ca n't decide who to honor . 
  i do n't get it , is n't that kinda good news ? ... 
  but they got convicted right ? 
  i mean , it 's good that they were stopped ? 
  quote about hecarim ? ... 
  exactly , it 's ridiculous how complicated this system has become , given that its entire purpose is to unlock champions and skins that could be used in actual games . 
  this makes no sense , if everybody was cool it 's better to give it to random person than to noone at all . 
  stay at fountain . 
  and now you both ruined it . 
  am i weird if this is kinda ironically funny to me ? 
  this is very sad . 
  so he did n't go to the interview at all ? 
  the original video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vasyweuqfd8, 
  you might not agree with the message but i think it 's pretty cool nevertheless . 
  seriously , renektoy is great . 
  i do n't really like the art style as well , but it kinda grows on you . 
  i will never not upvote this . 
  yup , i love ruining other people 's day . 
  hmm , i would consider morgana a hard counter to bard . 
  * blind them, 
  kill the fucking meme , riot . 
  i can understand people saying things like `` lol ure stupid noob omg uninstall '' . 
  they 're just frustrated , too emotional , focused on winning kids . 
  there 's nothing really upsetting me in this . 
  but recently i 've experienced some real life threats like `` i will find you in real life and cut your dick '' , `` i will kill your mother '' etc. 
  i am aware that these threats are ridiculous , but still ... that 's not just simply `` toxic '' , thats illegal ( at least in my country - i suppose that in others as well ) . 
  it should not be just reported and left that way until threatening person gets enough reports to be banned or something . 
  i do n't know if you agree with me - i do understand that riot workers have enough things to do daily - but i think that maybe there should be option to report a person who is seriously threatening others and get that report personally viewed by someone . 
  edit 1 : threats were n't directed at me personally . 
  and they were n't really specially provoked , just trash talk of frustrated people , but way more serious than `` omg ure feeder '' . 
  it 's been few times now when i was first pick in normal draft and proceed to ban one champion ( i believe that usually it was katarina ) , then tried to search for and ban zilean ... but he disappeared from the champion list . 
  i could n't also pick him even though i own him and he was n't banned by the opponent team . 
  could you reddit please explain to me what am i doing wrong or maybe try to duplicate the bug ( if it 's a bug ) ? 
  i 'm an university student who lives in a rented room in a big polish city . 
  in poland earnings are about 4-5 times lower than in most `` first world '' countries . 
  also my family earnings specifically are not high and i live pretty humbly . 
  the point is i ca n't really afford spending $ 20 just to give a gift to some strange person . 
  ( you can imagine this as $ 80 - $ 100 from a western point of view . ), 
  woud n't feel right while i 'm still maintained by my parents . 
  do you think it 's ok if i 'd send cheap , but wholeheartedly chosen and prepared gift , trying to satisfy my giftee in the best possible for me way ? 
  or maybe should i just resign from the exchange to not dissappoint anyone ? 
  ... so do n't expect me to carry games on my own `` to prove that i deserve my rank '' . 
  ( seriously , if not this , i do n't know what could prove that lol is a team game and it 's not enough to have one good player in team to win . ), 
  edit : funny fact is i am unranked . 
  i just wanted to point out how ridiculous are claimings like `` if you were truly diamond you would carry any silver scrub on your shoulders '' or `` if you lose then you should look to improve , not blame your team '' . 
  i mean , what is wrong in admitting that sometimes it 's my team who lost the game , and i was good enough ? 
  even one of the best challengers in the world ca n't solo carry some games versus significantly worse opponents , so why should i be expected to ? 
  if someone does n't respect pick order and picks something troll like double jungle or double mid `` because i called mid first !! 11 ! 1 ! '', 
  i usually dodge . 
  i 'd rather wait in queue longer and play a decent game than waste time playing with a troll . 
  could someone please explain to me why am i punished for dodging trollpicks , but trolls still can queue as long they want until they get their dream role ( or get to troll some poor not dodging people with their pick ) ? 
  how is that fair we ca n't prevent them from this kind of trolling , and people who just want to play a sensible game are punished for it ? 
  if i play in teambuilder i can leave as many rooms as i want , so why for leaving draft ( at least normal draft ) i get harsh time penalty ? 
  that just makes no sense . 
  i 've played a few games as soraka today . 
  in the last one suddenly all visual effects like my q , exhaust , minions autoattacks , potion particles around champs and so on turned blue instead of their normal colors . 
  i 've asked my teammates about that and they said that everything is ok on their side . 
  all ui elements , champion and map colors remained the same . 
  i 've checked colorblind mode and tried to toggle it on/off , but it had no effect . 
  what is going on ? 
  i find playing league highly addictive and kinda destroying my life for some time and i need the break but i fear that i 'm a weak human being and ca n't handle it on my own . 
  i do n't think lol is more important than my life but still it 's hard to avoid the temptation to play in really inappriopriate time . 
  can i ask support to suspend my own account for some time to help me e.g. 
  learn for exams etc ? 
  has anyone tried this ? 
  orb of winter :, 
  2xrejuv bead + 2xnull-magic mantle , 2210 full cost, 
  70 mr , 100 % hpregen, 
  grants a 30 +10 / lvl shield after 9 seconds of not taking damage . 
  it seems like it 's forgotten and really unloved item , but do you think it could be actually viable as defensive item on soraka against ap comps and while trying to stay back and just heal ? 
  played anivia against katarina midlane , not the worst lane , still pretty annoying . 
  told my team to be prepared for kata roams . 
  farmed like a nice mage and did n't die in lane once . 
  kata roamed . 
  pinged ss like crazy . 
  team died 6 times . 
  from this point gg . 
  `` anivia look at kata and learn how to play midlane '' seriously . 
  qq much . 
  just , please , if you play against assasin like kata , akali or zed , ward moar and before pushing your lane or invading jungle maybe look at the fucking map . 
  i 'm a support main , played some midlane , some adc , some jungle , but i totally ca n't into toplane . 
  and i do n't want to play there , this lane seems super boring to me when i 'm used to running around map , supporting , vision control , ganking etc. 
  i also lack individual mechanical skill even with my mains , but make it up with teamwork and situational builds . 
  not knowing toplane hurts especially my jungling tho , so i 'd like to know how to play around different toplaners . 
  so , is there any summary or cheatsheet for toplane champs and their matchups so i could get to know them in some most condensed way ? 
  as requested . 
  suggestions :, 
  make list of the people logged in available on the room selection page . 
  maybe some poke/invite option could help fill the rooms .
