  yup, 
  i find people in teambuilder so disgustingly low and stupid ( even if in fact friendly ) that i do n't want to play this mode anymore . 
  this can have something to do with my low tb mmr from 3 months ago , but also i think that more ambicious and experienced players prefer drafts because of pick/ban phase . 
  i love that in lol we have so many different team comps , for example :, 
  engage, 
  splitpush, 
  thought that orianna comp = yasuo comp, 
  you could have looked at `` pentas : 123 images '' album label , but if you prefer it this way, 
  to be specific , its armor and mr is permanently decreased from 60 to 10 when the crab is stunned or knocked up once . 
  it stays at 10 until crab dies and gets back to 60 when it respawns . 
  this , this is a quality post . 
  thanks dude : ), 
  ok just take all my money , i do n't need to eat : o, 
   how many parents are going to let their daughter go live in a gaming house with at least 4 guys ( more w / coaches ) ? 
   how many girls would feel uncomfortable with that themselves ? 
  i 'm a girl who lives with 3 more or less strange guys for over a year ( i have my own room ) and ca n't actually see any problem with this ??? 
  league pros have to be at least 17yr old , do you seriously think that a girl of this age who is competent enough to professionally play lol is n't mature and responsible enough to live with 4 + guys in the same building ? 
  and boys somehow can do this ? 
  even omg omg the gay ones ? 
  wtf ??? 
  and how do you think it would look like ? 
  ` mom , i 'm almost an adult and can do a lot and lot of money from thing that i dedicated thousands of hours to and i love doing it , can i go live somewhere else with some friends ' ` omg no never wtf u doin with ur life u arent goin anywhere u are goin to stay with your mommy 4evah ', 
  wtf, 
  `` women should n't vote , when only man vote everything is fine . 
  am i wrong ? 
  what country is there when the women vote instead of men and things work well ? '', 
  - same guy 100 years ago, 
  in the other words - women do n't win competitions , because they do n't even have much possibilities to try to ; maybe if they did n't have to raise children and stay in home for hundreds of years , they would have more drive and tradition of competing with men, 
  they need a lot and lot of time to get to the point of presence of the men, 
  in lots of sports ( and jobs ) this is already happening for tens of years now, 
  but in lol it 's still `` omg a grill wow wow '' . 
  this environment does n't encourage competition , does n't encourage training for female players . 
  and unlike in traditional sports , there 's no legit biological reason to make a female-only league since clicking and thinking is physically the same for both sex ' ( unlike running or lifting etc. ), 
  - so woman should be perfectly able to compete with current male players - and yet they have many difficulties to get to the point of being pro that for male players does n't exist . 
  it 's complicated problem , there 's way more to that than only `` grillz cant into competition just coz they cant yo '', 
  being pro esport player is a job like any other , and it 's so dominated by men that we do n't see a single female player in any league that matters anything ; if you 'd be a girl you think you would be happy to go and try to get to this spot or just give up and go somewhere else , where you have better chances of being recognized for your skill and not only sex ( since in more sex-balanced environment your being a girl would n't matter anything anymore ), 
  well it 's not , if you want go and try it out ; ), 
  there was some video linked a couple of days ago , but i ca n't find it . 
  one person ( or their parents ) feels comfortable living with strangers , one does n't , but what being a girl or boy has to do with it ? 
  because from my experience with a lot of students who just like me had to move to the new city to study here - absolutely nothing . 
   all i 'm saying is that males currently and have always dominated competitions, 
  exactly, 
  you see it as an effect ( of males generally being better in competitions ), 
  i see a cause ( of females not even trying ), 
  and i think that this is effect , in short words , of lack of contraception and women being physically weaker than men , that naturally forced women to give births and stay at home with babies instead of competing with men in often hard physical jobs that were much more common in past centuries, 
  this is changing , we work mentally more , social skills become more important than strength , we have working contraception , do n't have to have 8 children to get 2 actually alive at 15 - that all causes woman to show off more and more in domains previously reserved for men , competitive too, 
  tried to explain it clearly , happy that u found it reasonable !, 
  after a year it turned out that my grandfather has some objections about my flatmates being 3 guys , my mother did n't really understand what is he talking about xd, 
  i guess it depends , here in poland there are many conservative families too , but it 's individual thing ; i think many male players had a hard time becoming pro because of their parents too ( dyrus ' dad ; p ), 
  interesting . 
  i live in poland and i do n't think it 's that bad here . 
  if that 's true for us ( i assume it 's your `` here '' ) , well that 's sad . 
  this is reddit , too many detectives here to try to lie, 
  i do n't know , leona does n't really have damage , so if she 's not followed , it 's possible to just walk away . 
  blitz however with some ap can easily kill you , and even if he does n't , he still can chase you and punch you to death . 
  lol maybe you 're right ... 
  i 'm so shy to speak english in presence of natives . 
  i have this feeling that with my pronunciation i 'm barely possible to understand and often end up saying nothing . 
  sure off-meta after 5.2 ... 
  i think you can add rek ` sai to your list . 
  even with only q and w she 's strong enough . 
  at least yours is clever . 
  17 pink wards is seriously way too much wtf . 
  i do n't think that carries even in lcs on average buy so many of them per game . 
  better upgrade oracles or something , i do n't know . 
  what would you even need so many pinks for ? 
  so a man without penis is not a man anymore . 
  and a person who has no genitalia but xx chromosomes and female gender has no sex apparently . 
  etc etc. 
  well . 
  in short words my dear redditor : hormones  chromosomes  genitalia . 
  thank you kind canadian , but i really think you would be disgusted if you 'd hear me : d, 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  and items . 
  generally lack of tooltips is painful . 
  it 's really awesome that you put so much effort into it . 
  but wo n't you people learn that importing match data directly from riot is crucial to usability of these apps ? 
  i wo n't use this one , i will stay with op.gg or lsi or something which has certainly less features but does n't require me to sit and input data . 
   people say that a dog is man 's best friend , but in my case it 's lee sin . 
  it seems so, 
  this is why we ca n't have pretty things . 
  no , fish is a fish , nami is nami . 
  progress , motherfucker . 
  i know right , i love this matchup so much < 3, 
  her aa range is very important trait that makes her good support ; she can safely poke on first levels ( with kalista w it 's just crazy ) and secure kills for aggresive adcs . 
  her stun is like mini sona ult , but on much much lower cd . 
  of course she wo n't work in every matchup , but in engage comp with mobile adc she 's a monster . 
  thought that we overnerfed should stick together . 
  takes tp in bronze, 
  no ward to tp to, 
  box is death, 
  wtf, 
  awwww . 
  i have some bad news for you, 
  software does n't last forever . 
  it 's a circle of life . 
  do n't be sad . 
  awesome , awesome , awesome . 
  looking forward to see new services which finally can grow on this .
