  remember that this comparison is for runes , not items ( like `` is a single pen rune better than ap/ad rune '' , not `` is a single point of pen better than single point of ap/ad ) . 
  no it 's not , i repeat , those tables are for runes , not for certain stats . 
  ad * runes * are better per rune but ad * items * may not . 
  okay sorry i misunderstood you then . 
  i 'm not very well informed about toplane items . 
  best of luck with your build optimization . 
  i usually hate those popups so much i just block them with adblock like ads that they are . 
  works most of the time . 
  i guess i 'm evil but people shoving those in my face are eviler . 
  java and angular2 ??? 
  how is it supposed to work lol . 
  do you have any article about it ? 
  do n't play zyra or vel ` koz in bronze . 
  you are in bronze for a reason . 
  you wo n't be able to position yourself correctly . 
  pick up annie instead . 
  she 's way easier to understand and make positive impact with , has more forgiving build , her damage is amazing and she is more interesting than people give her credit for . 
  yeah they probably randomly made him return from dead in the show , i mean who cares about dying or undying here and there . 
  lots of nice cheap stuff . 
  but honestly if you are new you will be good also with printer paper or kraft paper you can get at every store . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  worked fine for me so far ... 
  i 've given up half into this comment , this `` he '' tilts me too much ; _ ; pls change, 
  and if you do n't want to play rek ` sai jungle , play her top . 
  she works well there . 
  i do n't like the guy very much , but why ? 
  he seems rather chill . 
  lol this is just not true , there are multiple champs which have sick power in some skills plus this one skill which feels useless . 
  like bard w , tahm r , warwick e . they are ok skills but not on par with the rest of their kit . 
  you can , you just have to go away and cu ... um i mean use your ult every 30s . 
  this is also a great design . 
  tahm r is not global nor tp , if you had played him a bit in soloq you would quickly understand what i mean by useless . 
  his ult has in fact very short range and also very long animation delay before and after moving to target place . 
  in soloq it works mostly like a 10 times slower and shittier tf ult because you are never able to make people use it with you . 
  if they plan to go to some place they have their camera there already and wo n't even see you ulting , before you spam pings and they go back to you it 's already too late . 
  you ult solo most of the time and because of horrendous delay it 's not much you can do when you finally get to the place . 
  so well , it 's nearly useless . 
  it was always like this . 
  it ca n't be buffed because obviously organized teams would abuse it too much . 
  just bad design i believe . 
  feels bad . 
  yeah i meant only active part of the ult . 
  passive was like the only reason to level it up . 
  if they go with the changes from pbe which are supposed to move this damage to his passive passive , it 'll be not worth putting points into ult . 
  great idea riot . 
  when he was super meta i played him only in the jungle , support felt like savebot without any impact . 
  i only wonder how the hell jhin missed his second shot shooting a standing still leona . 
  kennen, 
  worth, 
  i got it only once on sona where we just demolished enemy team and farmed kills for 30 minutes , it was super hard stomp on every lane . 
  i had like 8 kills with 60-70 % kill participation ( a lot of kills in game were solo ) . 
  yeah without taking kills it does n't seem possible at all . 
  ohh so this is why they never pick her !, 
  why did they want to do this though . 
  i just do n't get it , pobelter was so good back then . 
  why make such decision ? 
  do n't stick with vanilla for too long . 
  being able to deal with all of it 's inconveniences is an useless skill . 
  you will be way better off if you start learning sass as soon as you are able to understand how does it work . 
  so like after a week of using vanilla css . 
  sass is a skill and tool to be learned ( how to structurize your code , how to use inheritance , variables and mixins and so on ) . 
  css is only a system of knowledge you need to have . 
  you do n't have to actually use vanilla syntax at any point to understand css . 
  twitch is just a bad champ to learn lol with . 
  you should stick to easier and more forgiving champs like tristana , caitlyn , lucian , who can quickly reposition when caught . 
  your games at this point are probably just a mess , group of idiots fighting another group of idiots with no idea what they are doing . 
  if you are better than them you can easily abuse this chaos and carry with just any champion . 
  but you are not better , maybe a bit but not like a smurf would be . 
  you need to learn yourself . 
  and best way to learn and win at the same time is to play forgiving champs who 1 . allow you to correct your mistakes without harsh punishment 2 . do n't make you make too much decisions you could regret , give less space for mistakes . 
  i 'm not here to tell you what to play ofc . 
  by all means , if you enjoy twitch , play twitch , it 's definitely possible to learn and carry with him . 
  but if you want to win more , you need to play other champs too or maybe even drop him for some time . 
  you first need to learn the game , and then the one champ you really like . 
  the best way to learn the game is to play variety of champs and roles . 
  try out aram , it helped me a lot to understand a lot of champs early on . 
  awwww thanks m8 , i 'm sure it 'll come in handy . 
  nice . 
  even if it improves accuracy , does that really help in lol ? 
  when do you really need those super accurate clicks , aside from maybe playing adc ? 
   if you do n't understand how to write well structured vanilla css then you 're going to write extremely crappy code in whatever tool language you 're using . 
  how do you know that ? 
  at which job you are supposed to write in vanilla css ? 
  how not writing in sass can make you better at writing in sass , which you need to do sooner or later anyway ? 
  it 's not just a matter of writing , you know , usually you are also required to create code which works , and which you ultimately need to test and debug in browser ( = vanilla css at its finest ) . 
  i assure you writing in sass taught me a lot more than struggling with every fucking rule in css and manually recalculating some em values for ages . 
  yes i coded an entire site in vanilla css and it was the worst thing that i ever had to do . 
  you do n't need that to learn !, 
  to learn you need to produce lots and lots of crappy code , so you can understand your mistakes and get better , and producing code is way faster in sass than in css . 
  writing in vanilla is not educating , it 's just crippling yourself for no reason . 
  i hate those programmers who would like everyone to write in c instead of this modern crazy c++ which compiles to some ugly bloated code . 
  we are in 2016 . 
  5kb of gzipped css more do n't mean anything . 
  as long as it works fine and your sass source is structurized well , clean and maintainable ( which requires knowledge and is fairly hard to achieve , but definitely doable ) , who gives a shit what exactly is in compiled css ? 
  i have no idea how can one use sass without understanding how it compiles . 
  you have to examine css code in browser constantly . 
  how the hell can you not understand how it compiles ? 
  it 's all right in front of you all the time ... 
  and welcome to the big dick club buddy appreciate it a lot, 
  this bandwidth argument is bullshit honestly .
