  weird , i hear them all the time . 
  all right . 
  as far i know the sub has a rule going like this :, 
  `` our community ranges from young teenagers ( and potentially children with or without parental supervision ) to older adults . 
  there are plenty of other places to view nsfw content , and / r/leagueoflegends is not one of them . 
  in order to keep this community appropriate for all ages , nsfw content is not allowed . '', 
  do you think it should be lifted ? 
  this is contradictionary with actual rules being in place . 
  `` our community ranges from young teenagers ( and potentially children with or without parental supervision ) to older adults . 
  there are plenty of other places to view nsfw content , and / r/leagueoflegends is not one of them . 
  in order to keep this community appropriate for all ages , nsfw content is not allowed . '', 
  it probably does n't . 
  my question is , if you believe that mods should n't parent other people 's children , do you also believe nsfw content ban should be lifted ? 
  as you can see it 's only in place to make r/lol appropriate for all ages . 
  it 's fine if you have some different definition of sexism . 
  it does n't invalidate my point though ; it 's only a word . 
  i provided examples of things that i think should not be acceptable on the sub . 
  do you think they should be acceptable , and why ? 
  of course there are differences between trolling , stupidity , sexism and shitposting . 
  i think i have some literal `` hehe penis '' comment in my comment history , yeah it can be just a ( fairly dumb ) joke . 
  i do n't really care if you call something `` sexism '' or not , it 's just a word and i do n't need to have the same definition as you ( although i 'm pretty convinced about mine ) . 
  i guess you would n't have any issue if for example your boss or your aunt or your teacher suddenly started to tell you things like `` nice big penis you have there '' or `` mmm dat ass '' . 
  this is completely acceptable adult behavior , unlike for example not wanting to listen to such things . 
  my point is not pushing some agenda ; it 's really about staying civilized people that are respectful to every other kind of human , no matter if it 's a random girl or faker . 
  so , you prefer things that make you feel bad to stay , and consider that smart ? 
  : d literally every complaint ever is `` i want things that make me feel bad gone '' , that 's not `` moronic '' , that 's normal xd, 
  this kind of things does n't really make me feel personally offended and cry for the rest of the day . 
  does n't mean they make me happy and proud of / r/lol neither . 
  and does n't mean i think they are necessary to be allowed . 
  no , i do n't really think that champions get sad when someone comments on their ass lol . 
  does n't mean that it 's a mature behavior that makes for healthy environment for everyone . 
  i literally have n't seen any argument that would justify `` this is needed and healthy kind of content '' position all day long . 
  there was only one `` this is upvoted '' argument , which is very poor and invalid ( being upvoted does n't mean content should be allowed ) . 
  other than that people are calling me crazy , moron , sjw , overreacting . 
  and no more reasons why is it so important to support a place where you are able to say `` i fap to sona 's boobs '' . 
  my arguments why objectifying even characters that do n't exist should be banned :, 
  * it encourages sexual harassment of real people ( although people who make jokes about boobs are n't necessarily the people who end up molesting girls , the first group of people can make it seem like it 's an acceptable or even expected behavior for the second group of people ), 
  * it makes for creating unhealthy body image for teenagers , which causes many mental issues ( that lol players seem already susceptible to ), 
  * it is n't constructive in any way ( low effort and/or shitposting ), 
  * it 's not a healthy way for young kids to learn about human sexuality ( yeah i care a bit about that too ), 
  honestly you could say some of the above things about porn content as well . 
  so , what are your arguments why it should n't be banned ? 
  honestly i do n't have any data to claim it would or would not be laborious for mods . 
  i guess if they enforce a ton of quite strict content-related rules daily , an addition of a rule would n't really change that much . 
  all right , i pointed out my arguments , your response is basically `` meh i do n't care '' . 
  that 's fine . 
  now where are your arguments ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't `` not like them '' , i have n't noticed them yet . 
  all you said is `` i do n't care about that '' , but it 's not exactly an objective reason to allow or not allow something . 
  if you do n't care why do you bother to argue that this kind of content should be allowed ? 
  could you repeat why do you find it fine and healthy ? 
  all right , so you guys seem to think i 'm a puritan getting offended over anything related to sex . 
  that 's not really it . 
  personally , i 'm totally fine with sex . 
  i 'm not fine with making people defined by their sex appeal . 
  `` sexual objectification is the act of treating a person as an instrument of sexual pleasure . 
  objectification more broadly means treating a person as a commodity or an object without regard to their personality or dignity . '', 
  it 's not `` i like your legs '' , it 's more like making a ranking of boobs or talking about men as dildos with some random bodies and personalities attached , and women were only things that have eyes and boobs and are fappable . 
  if you make a chart of waifus , what is it if not `` an act of treating a person as an instrument of sexual pleasure '' ? 
  objectification by definition is mean and disrespectful . 
  it 's also pretty absurd if you think about it , talking about people 's bodies like there was no mind inside of them . 
  if something is kind and respectful , it 's not objectification anymore . 
  you can easily distinct objectification , compliment and a joke if you think if it would be fine to say `` nice boobs hehe would fap '' or `` you look great today '' or `` i would like to get married with your beard '' to a friend . 
  username checks out so much . 
  no there are none, 
  can you pm me what 's in the box ? 
  i live in poland as well , might use your list for future inspiration : ) . 
  did n't participate in the exchange partially because i have no idea which polish snacks might be interesting abroad . 
  i 'm pretty impressed by your flair . 
  amumu has to be one of the most boring champs that ever existed ( imo ) . 
  some serious dedication here . 
  sure man , he was one of my first junglers , i 'm happy he 's not completely alone out there : d, 
  i think you got that backwards . 
  are websites not allowed to be a cost of doing something ? 
  do they always need to provide net profit to justify their existence ? 
  because if your website exists only to earn you money through ads and represents no value that would provoke people to donate , buy your stuff or whatever , then i 'm sorry but i 'm so blocking the ads there . 
  i also certainly wo n't go `` oh , poor completely useless website '' if it disappears . 
  oh my god, 
  thanks for making me open it . 
  ddd :, 
  you mean a hidden and super secret double ip weekend ? 
  if you do n't assume that tsm games are shorter than average games , it should n't matter if they play 10 or 1000 games for the dpm stat . 
  is this possible that this additional 1.6 minute could make for so huge dpm difference ? 
  if in average 35.3 minutes you do 500 dpm , total is 17750 . 
  if in average 37.3 minutes you do 625 dmp , total is 23313 . 
  if froggen did 500 dpm the whole game ( assuming he 's on similar level to bjergsen and only time difference matters ) , in the additional 1.6 minutes of the game he would need to do 5554 damage to even it out , which means 3471 dmp . 
  this would mean doing 24 % of game damage in the last 1.6 minutes ( 4.3 % of the game ) . 
  sorry but it 's a bit too much . 
  froggen just does more dpm , average game time difference does n't matter here . 
  only picks and teamcomps do . 
  wikipedia has incredibly huge userbase and costs probably as well . 
  this may be literally the biggest ad-free website in the internet . 
  this is not a representative case . 
  this is an edge case . 
  wikipedia is also nonprofit , which literally means that the website is not supposed to bring anyone money . 
  website is paid for by the wikimedia foundation , it 's a cost of their statutory activity . 
  if it gives them net loss ( in revenue from userss - cost of users ) , it does n't matter at all . 
  they are a foundation and are supposed to get funds from sponsors and government ( s ) . 
  small website hosting and domain can cost up to $ 5 a month . 
  and you know it .
