  braum is easy to play . 
  he 's tanky , has a lot of cc and peel and has to be passive and protective . 
  generally champs like alistar and leona , sona and annie , and to some extent blitz are hard because they are engagers and are about decision making . 
  if you engage with one of those a bit too early or bit too late you put yourself or your entire team in danger . 
  sona and annie have only one cc while being immobile and squishy . 
  leona goes deep in and if there 's no follow she 's dead . 
  blitz can pull a wrong person and make more trouble than good . 
  the safest from those is alistar as he has a lot of cc that can be used for peel or engage and is super tanky so he can easily get out of trouble . 
  this is why he is so often picked competitively . 
  braum on the other hand is mostly peeler and he is not nearly as hard as engage supports . 
  he has only to stay on top of the adc all game and press buttons sometimes . 
  no significant decision making and no taking risks . 
  same goes for tahm kench , when he was viable support . 
  i wish more people understood this . 
  did n't know this one , thank you : ), 
  footer, 
  position : fixed, 
  bottom : 0, 
  body, 
  max-height : 100vh, 
  honestly i wish i knew how to force turning it off in firefox . 
  to be honest css is really simple . 
  when should you use float instead of flexbox ? 
  or you are adc with half a brain who got carried by their team while 4v5 . 
  kda from one match says nothing about player 's skill . 
  i can never get an s on janna or soraka because only supports allowed to get s are those who take a lot of kills . 
  only if you take kills . 
  you can go 0/2/30 soraka , heal and ward a fuckton and still get a. 
  it 's just stupid . 
  kindred 's ult affects epic monsters . 
  a bad support is a bad support , playing bard or not . 
  good bard will leave lane only when adc is safe and he actually really needs mana or fast roam makes a lot of sense . 
  i feel like it 's somewhat an issue of adcs who ca n't stay alone for a minute and are super angry when you do n't babysit coz you are busy killing mid or warding buff/river . 
  easier to say `` stupid bard went for chimes '' than `` i just ca n't play safe and not die even when i see the supp is not here '' . 
  yeah dude your role is about not dying , even in unfavorable situations , if you are too greedy for cs you can only blame yourself , you can always give up tower and then blame the supp for not being there . 
  yeah except being a good soraka should mean healing for a lot , while for riot it means taking kills and cs . 
  same thing with janna and shields and peel . 
  makes no sense . 
  if you are super good janna you should be super good at peel . 
  unfortunately riot does n't seem to measure your peeling skills , they expect you to get cs and kills instead , like this is the real difference between good jannas and great jannas . 
  bad , bad developer !, 
  ( front-end dev here , when i start giving a fuck about performance , i just stop giving a fuck , works everytime . 
  i 'm bad as well but working every day in angular can you really blame me . 
  this shit literally repeats some $ watch loops over and over all the fuckin time so how the fuck do you want me to care ), 
  you forgot to mention that it 's not a mistake . 
  i hate so-called `` utility classes '' so much . 
  just learn to use mixins yo poor people :'(, 
  if you pick adc you have to be carried anyway , there is even a special role to help you stay alive , like wtf bro . 
  you either are a god who carries evertiem support or no support , or a sad baby who needs a babysitter all the time or it 's gon na feed . 
  you ca n't have a cookie and eat a cookie , you picked adc , now pick your poison : ^ ), 
  or is n't it ? ... 
  yep that sounds like she had a small stroke herself while forming this sentence . 
  you forgot fapping to faker . 
  so is it better to repeat a class instead of a mixin call ? 
  this is the same one line pre-compilation . 
  how does keeping completely visual non-semantic rules in html instead of in css make code less complicated ??? 
  css size after compilation does n't mean anything . 
  in fact css with mixins will get compressed ( gzipped ) excellently no matter how many times you use them . 
  2kb more or html markup that makes sense ? 
  please . 
  i 'd appreciate a dick attached to no one , he 's cute . 
  sounds rather bad honestly cost-wise . 
  yeah you get fun mage on supp but there 's not much utility here and i think items needed to make her work are way too costly for a supp with low kill potential . 
  i still remember trying to anivia support and how her abysmal mana costs and ap dependecy made this the worst idea ever . 
  is n't this a similar case ? 
  do you really think she 's worth it over zyra or sona or bard ? 
  yep i think it 's totally about camera . 
  probably they wo n't fix it until 2025 . 
  they just finished the new map a year ago or so . 
  yeah because playing vs plats while you are silver means you suck . 
  and not like , you are the same mmr like the other guy , but only one of you has the rank to show off . 
  it 's about ranked system not being representation of skill . 
  sometimes to ridiculous extent . 
  and not skill perceived but actually calculated over hundreds of games and used to match !, 
  if mmr shows actual skill but rank is separate from mmr then how the hell is it a fair skill dependent system . 
  or maybe think for yourself either it means going with or against the trend ? 
  why so radical ? 
  camera angle . 
  objectives do n't justify it , it has been like this with all previous dragons and barons variations . 
  if you are for example gold and constantly get matched vs plats and low diamonds it 's just not fair to have the same mmr but worse rank . 
  this system can at the same time measure your actual true skill and give you rank lower or higher than that . 
  this is just not fair and makes no sense . 
  i 'd much rather play with and vs players with the same exact rank , no matter mmr . 
  this would make ranks mean jack shit . 
  now it 's only about either being a lot better and carrying hard through lower elo or patiently grinding towards those 4 divisions up that are your actual skill representation but you never have chance to get the rank because you get matched vs people who have it already and get stuck at 50 % winrate and pure luck promos at lower rank than you should have . 
  because mmr is hidden and people get mocked for saying for example `` i deserve plat '' regardless if it 's actually correct according to mmr . 
  yeah i love it when i ca n't use my browser anymore during champ select because lol just decided to take away my ram . 
  sure , i play on potato , but it 's still a valid case . 
  or as pig is to piglet, 
  no hm wait, 
  this is really great , please keep writing those . 
  sincerely , web dev . 
  but you do n't need swifties , it 's not like turrets are running anywhere, 
  i think game loading optimization is not in the scope of client rewrite anyway . 
  it 's a game engine not a client thing , it looks like client only triggers it . 
  i 'd like to know as well . 
  i just upvoted this thinking it is a joke . 
  now i really really hope it was a joke . 
  yeah it seems like there should be some , right ? 
  damn i 'd love a subreddit only for my role .
