  there is no `` wrongful reports '' . 
  community makes rules about what it thinks is a good or wrong behavior in community , not riot . 
  if you report for something that really happened and you are really upset about it , that 's a valid report . 
  at least it was this way some time back . 
  they already did and do n't want to get it back . 
  you got it backwards , it 's like saying customer service handles all complaints so they get to decide what is ok and not ok for customers . 
  i 'm envious of your genes then : (, 
  how did you come to this conclusion o __ o. 
  if you want a chill game or learn a new champ and are hardcore player , normal draft is the only logical choice . 
  i play 50/50 ranked and normal draft , never ever play blind . 
  yeah especially when they were just buffed this patch and turned out obnoxious . 
  maybe it 's hardly a problem , but how is it a good idea ? 
  to be a successful company you should gain more than you lose right ? 
  what server you 're on ? 
  i 'm from eune and everyone i know prefers draft ... 
  i 'm gold , my boyfriend is diamond , blind pick is bullshit we both hate , gg we ca n't play quality games on sr together anymore . 
  ( i do n't give a damn about matchmaking in normals personally , draft rules are more important than skill disparities , half of picks in normals are first tries or offmeta anyway , rank does n't matter . ), 
  maybe i do n't want to ruin flex for other people ? 
  like , i 'm not worried they 'll rage , i just do n't want to be bad in mode they care about because i 'm nice ? 
  i know it 's crazy to not want to be an asshole ruining ranked for people because i personally do n't care about this specific ranked queue . 
  i recommend avoiding blind normals for that !, 
  i was thinking about fotm op champs in general . 
  there always are some . 
  did riot implement role select for no reason ? 
  because i thought it was because it 's , you know , an improvement . 
  nah you think somebody actually lives in eastern europe ? 
  i thought it 's mostly elves and polar bears . 
  exactly , he played first time kled yesterday , did worse than me on nami despite huge rank disparity between us . 
  matchmaking in normals is less about rank and more about who decides to pick their main and who decides to firsttime , and this you can never determine within a matchmaking system . 
  they removed it altogether from sr normals , you know that it 's not possible to play ranked with anyone like it 's possible with normals , right ? 
  so for some groups it 'll be forced blind or nothing at all ? 
  more like giving birth to one ... 
  can you do the same for eune ? 
  please do . 
  uhhh afair you get one free champ at the beginning and there 's always 10 in rotation , so basically if they give everyone 5-6 cheapest champs at the beginning everyone can start draft right away . 
  also new players play mostly bots anyway . 
  i do n't agree . 
  ranked is not work , ranked is fun , just different kind of fun . 
  this game is very demanding even for casuals anyway . 
  you have to learn a lot before you can feel comfortable with what you do , draft or no draft . 
  no it 's not ? 
  do you have any arguments other than `` it 's your opinion and therefore it 's not important at all because i say so '' ? 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  supp, 
  ohhh i member . 
  `` i do n't like feeders and trolls '', 
  wow so biased, 
  suddenly bots stopped existing ? 
  because surely i can play ranked with all my friends of all possible ranks . 
  i tried to play blind yesterday when they turned off draft , had dodges 6 times in a row for no reason , not sure how is that better ? 
  people will mostly dodge when they do n't get their role and that happens way more often in blind ... 
  this is why you have to remember hundreds of abilities and tens of items to even be able to start competing . 
  yeah that makes sense , if you want to play with your friends just make sure that you intentionally feed or afk in some games . 
  what a great solution . 
  o __ o, 
  they removed it from my server already without any sort of warning ... 
  because i 'm allowed to have only one premade group ? 
  about 10 % of playerbase is ranked , 75 % of them is silver or above . 
  i do n't really think it 's possible to get out of bronze until you learn hundreds of abilities and items . 
  and if some of my friend decides to climb up in flex because of for example season rewards then fuck them ? 
  i played a ton of bots before i went pvp . 
  i think you overestimate new players . 
  also , fine , just allow blind only below level 30 . 
  advanced playerbase has draft only = only one normal queue = there 's no issues with long queues anymore because everyone plays only this queue . 
  new players have blind pick so they do n't have to bother with draft if they do n't want to and they get their own special `` new player friendly '' queue without random diamonds . 
  everyone 's happy . 
  examples of trolling from op are exclusive to people not getting their roles . 
  mid or feed happened to me literally 0 times in draft . 
  and there 's way less dodges than in blind . 
  tbh teambuilder was terrible for me ... sometimes i waited 30 minutes only to watch people get in and get out ... really frustrating . 
  what exactly makes me the worst nation ? 
  i think you played versus a bunch of champs though . 
  you mean there 's more children than in other nations ? 
  are you sure there 's any data that supports that statement ? 
  i 'm sure they made api for that . 
  seriously ? 
  teambuilder was what forced me into support role , i tried to play lots of meta supports there , and yes people were still missing for other roles , especially adc . 
  when i went solo i could join 15 + groups which were still not full and still have to wait some time iin one of them . 
  when i went premade like supp + mid we could wait 30-40 min for a full group . 
  i could get into many groups , but had a lot of trouble finding a full group . 
  also creating new group as premade even if i chose support was taking a lot of time , and you had to sit and accept people all this time ... 
  but in lane having control = having frozen lane near your own turret , right ? 
  so it 's not like you can go walk to river suddenly in this situation ? 
  i gave up looking for a decent comb , i use tangle teezer now . 
  i meant private game -  client api . 
  i play only support in ranked and always queue solo , honestly i prefer it that way even though i tried duoing before . 
  meh it 's not bad . 
  just something to get used to . 
  braum was still masturbating last i checked so at least we got this . 
  an important reason for me to play normals is to have fun experience with friends of diffferent ranks . 
  neither blind pick nor arams meet our definition of fun . 
  you ca n't play flex with anyone you want because of rank disparity .
