  ask your jungler to gank ) . 
  ** tl ; dr : if someone in your team performs under expectations , try to observe his playstyle and in some way carry him through his own mistakes . 
  you can and you should have influence on other players ' performance . 
  new acounts get free rp from riot , just to mess up with us . 
  anivias of the world united in pain < / 3, 
  it 's awesome , i literally waited for this since i 've started playing league !, 
  i 've just signed up for the glory of freljord and ca n't wait to play some matches : ) thank you very much for all the work !, 
  nice kiting and dodges , but is it just me or does it not require that much skill to kill someone as a fed lategame adc with some assists and teammates dying for your kill/life ( kata t __ t ) . 
  dat build tho o ___ o, 
  what is context ? 
  these threats was n't directed at me personally , but i was probably the only person who felt like i should react to this problem somehow . 
  how is that even related ? 
  if that person does n't know where do i live , does that means he can feel free to threaten me because of way i play some online game ? 
  and it really should be changed . 
  you obviously do n't understand what `` freedom of speech '' means . 
  long story short , yes , it 's a threat and it 's illegal . 
  i do n't even have one since i 'm female . 
  : p i just feel that this kind of abuse should n't be so easily ignored . 
  why not make it just one champion of your own choice ? 
  i do n't know , she would n't say . 
  how to make a js add-on just for reddit ? 
  i 'd do this . 
  also would you guys be interested in android app popping up notifications on your phone when a skin is on sale ? 
  would you guys be interested in android app popping up notifications on your phone when a skin is on sale ? 
  message me if you want to help . 
  i will start making this in few days . 
  apple policy on developing for ios is really discouraging for young and poor developers like me , who only want to learn , have fun and make small useful things . 
  it 's hard to even get possibility to develop for ios , so independent ios apps basically do n't and wo n't exist . 
  it 's raining heals , hallelujah , it 's raining heals ... 
  really ? 
  it happens even in lcs . 
  man who are you, 
  that ... 
  that actually makes sense ... 
  kiwi is not a fa yet ... 
  yup, 
  objective programming , you 're doing it wrong . 
  i want video of this so fuckin badly . 
  hey , that 's a nice notice , thanks !, 
  you mean [ haunted vagina ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/097624988x/ ) ? 
  hey i won soraka mid with everyone in game having random lags every few minutes , i see no reason not to play . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  wow ... is that really a thing ? 
  what if i do n't want him in my team for example ? 
  sometime somebody picks him , but nobody likes him ... 
  leona at least does n't die instantly , so i do n't know , maybe in some toplane-mentality universe she 's easy ... ( i main support and i ca n't play her at all ), 
  many thanks , op . 
  of course she 's hard to chase or engage , but i 've meant she 's not hard to kill once engaged since she 's rather squishy , unlike leona . 
  whoa whoa whoa , what the fuck dude ? 
  i main support and call blasphemy . 
  it 's like two months old now ... 
  teemo support is n't that bad . 
  i 've seen some of them . 
  no , he 's just telling that gragas is low tier champ after rework ( which should n't be the case , he should be at least mediocre pick ) . 
  maybe just `` he '' or `` she '' ? 
  if it 's possible ofc . 
  i 'd also love to watch this game . 
  thank you kind sir !, 
  10 % cdr * out of combat * ? 
  how does that make sense ? ... 
  mods already denied that they did anything with whyrenektonwhy . 
  do you need lucidity boots ? 
  i always build mobility and anyway often find myself with 40 % cdr buying unnecessary cdr items just for ap ... 
  wow , man , do n't you have internet ? 
  ca n't you just spend time in queue doing something else ? 
  and everyone in the world is supposed to grant your wishes , even if that means wasting their 40 minutes with trolls ? 
  yeah sure . 
  would ever be forgot . 
  is there any archive or cache where one could see this thread in all its past glory ? 
  to be honest she still looks terrible ; x, 
  also remember that soraka 's legs should n't look so much like human ones ( her knees bend backwards ! ) . 
  her dress looks really good this undecorated . 
  i suggest little golden borders , maybe thin golden belt , but nothing really big . 
  i feel like she could be ok with purple markings on arms . 
  but overall great work op . 
  her face , ears and makeup look amazing . 
  if your partner dcs and you play and still lose , your partner gets afk , you get a lose and your team gets loss prevented . 
  i guess it 's still better than afker getting afk and entire team getting a lose , amma right ? 
  after all if you 're duo queueing you still have some handicap comparing to players who solo q. 
  not memory-efficient , is not gon na happen . 
  why ? 
  just play other roles till you get to lvl 21 , it 's pointless to try to jungle earlier . 
  you will not learn anything useful . 
  it 's not random nerf . 
  she 's been instabanned soloq monster for some time . 
  how raka 's or shen 's r are op ? 
  i find them rather mediocre ults ... 
  that is the role of ultimates , they have to be gamechanging . 
  i mean , of course these are really strong abilities , but i do n't really think they are op comparing to other ults . 
  i think that ults are not to be counterplayed , but rather to be played around ( to `` counterplay '' it you have to remember about it , bait it , kill champ having it , not give them possibility to play it correctly or so ) . 
  if you played raka for some time , you 'd understand that her really op ability is her e. ; ), 
  by writing that it 's not efficient i 've meant that it 's not efficient . 
  sorry if you understood me wrong , maybe i should be more clear ... 
  i do n't really use much of her r in laning phase ( although i probably should ) . 
  i guess you 've meant using it to save someone half the map away ? 
  memory will never `` stop being an issue '' . 
  with technology progress there will always be new , better graphics or programs using technology in most efficient way . 
  look at things that i7 processors and 8gb rams can do now - they will be mediocre and standard in 5-10 years or so . 
  and league will have to keep up . 
  also , by definition there 's no efficient way to do unefficient things .
