  and it 's really small , i like that . 
  but is n't life in arrest actually better than on the street ? 
  assuming they have some social care system there , being in arrest can be only a turning point on your way to get help . 
  this is why i ** love ** ui people . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  go browse some riot 's promo pages ( like pages they make for big updates or champs or skins ) and let me know how that works for you . 
  for me lol runs fine and the promo pages are lagged as hell and literally unplayable . 
  only because something is built on html , css and js , it does n't mean it 's `` only a website '' . 
  everything what they do is overloaded with assets and animations . 
  seriously , i have maybe 40 champs and still have n't played half of them at all . 
  in 2,5 years ... 
  it 's not like google has algorithms that understand english very well already ... 
  korean advice . 
  i do n't think they started to sell what they really got under the hood yet . 
  jesus but this is bad . 
  if i 'm a support main it does n't mean that i want literally to play only 100 % support . 
  which happened to me in the last season anyway . 
  please , second role should be there for a reason . 
  i do n't get why support players have to have it different than others . 
  good design does n't have much to do with `` some people like how that looks like '' . 
  it wo n't , autofill causes people to get their primary role more often . 
  if with mid/supp i get mid 70 % of time , i 'd like to get 70 % supp with supp/mid as well . 
  i played percussion instruments only for a few years in primary music school , but i really feel you man < 3, 
  you know , it 's quite possible that one time you just wo n't make it . 
  what then ? 
  as a supp player i love this when i play ori . 
  i 'm so used to autoattacking all the time so i just aa them to death . 
  i consider twitch harder than vayne . 
  yeah it 's a simple setup - chromium browser , with a webpage in it , and js animations running in opengl - i get that , i 'm a frontend dev lol . 
  yet they somehow broke it . 
  maybe by rushing and forcing things . 
  for example the shop looks like 100 % copypaste somehow . 
  possibly security features are lagging entire app . 
  we wo n't ever know . 
  but it 's seriously taking up so much ram and cpu for some people it 's not even funny . 
  when everything else runs fine on your pc but only the lol client does n't , i 'm sorry but it 's pretty clear what 's the issue with . 
  you do n't need to be constructive to have some personal opinion . 
  are opinions like `` i really like it '' also forbidden smh ? 
  only constructive stuff allowed ? 
  her chest feels wrong , very big and very white , why not tone it down ? 
  it 's a bit like a big white ball with super pretty head , tail and wings . 
  unprovoked ?? 
  is n't the arstist sharing that because they want people to comment ? 
  everyone is supposed to do this , but do they actually do that ? 
  every class has some busted items . 
  busted tank items are affordable for toplaners , busted ad items are affordable for adcs , busted ap items are affordable for midlaners , why ca n't there exist busted support item affordable for supports ? 
  edit : there actually did exist such item , it was called locket , it was completely broken but noone complained somehow because it was not fun and invisible . 
  it 's a zoning item with mr and quite a lot of hp . 
  the heal/shield bonus is a bonus here , not everything else . 
  it has zero ap and only tank stats so why only enchanters should buy it ? 
  why ? 
  it 's a zoning item with some tank-ish stats . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  tbh i write in js/es6 every day and the syntax is brackets in brackets in brackets : /, 
  okay what you have the problem with ? 
  where did you stop ? 
  yo dawg i heard you like brackets, 
  i like this one over the other two ones . 
  please answer this one . 
  why so ? 
  yeah she 's sooo easy / s, 
  \\  adc flair, 
  \\  positioning is not a skill, 
  yep here 's the reason i need to play fucking janna, 
  yeah , because of course positioning is not a skill and only hitting skillshots and pushing buttons fast takes any skill , just like i mentioned previously . 
   special snowflake playerbase, 
  what ? 
  playerbase is like 100 million of people and you somehow manage to generalize them all ? 
  i 've got a problem ? 
  you 've got a problem lol, 
  only because janna is op right now does n't mean she takes literally 0 skill as a champ , i saw unskilled jannas and they were not pretty, 
  people have no idea what supports even do and if you are not blitzcrank or thresh they wo n't even notice if you are good or trash, 
  dude . 
  how old are you ? 
  honestly when we last used them ( two programmers and two ui/ux designers ) it turned out to be a weird and mostly bad experience , the app hanging up , deleting some items randomly , suggesting additional things , hard to find what you want . 
  i guess they are not really designed to be easy to use but to get user to pay the most money as fast as possible ( like `` okay i give up i 'll just take this featured thing '' ) . 
  i do n't know if giving a robot which is able of improvisation superadmin priviledges is a good idea . 
  there 's something weird going on here . 
  no its not, 
  so you do n't ? 
  what do you guys shoot it with ? 
  as long as wards do n't give participation , this statistic is n't gon na be fair . 
  not if you play a non-flashy support . 
  i do n't want such a system to be done in the first place , it 's impossible to get it right . 
  if they are scripted then what 's the point of them even existing and trained to improvise if they are only mindless puppets ? 
  so far maeve terrorized two lowly techs and talked to hosts who are all supposedly scripted = she did no real impact if you assume it was ford forcing her to do things , because he could literally upload memories of her doing things to hosts instead and spare himself all the trouble . 
  yeah getting molested and stabbed into stomach is not any kind of torture . 
  i mean ... 
  literally this, 
  i think this is really unprofessional and risky though ... like , what if relationship goes somehow bad and then you still have to work with that person for the next 5 years ? 
  never date someone from your workplace , especially if your job involves making out with them ... 
  compare to `` i 'm going to murder you '' , `` i will kill your family with a knife '' . 
  pics or did n't happen . 
  you are ugly, 
  this wood is beautiful, 
  i mean , the picture is super edgy , but the message stands imo . 
  aw man , misunderstanding , i just wanted you to post some nepalese crappy design photos . 
  a week ago i was implementing a calendar/timepicker in ember . 
  pretty standard thing for a webapp .
