  actual adults should be able to 1 . put two and two together and understand this anyway 2 . be considerate enough not to ask 3 . be respectful enough not to push people into unwanted drinking in the first place . 
  but clearly op 's friends are just big children . 
  you have some pretty fucked up rules . 
  so i 'm allowed to talk about my relationships and sex life only to friends who are the same gender ? 
  because ... reasons ? 
  wtf . 
  this . 
  no person is a saint , and all people are allowed to have private life !, 
  she is not cheating , she is talking to a friend . 
  it 's her fucking private business what is she talking about to him . 
  you should n't read her stuff , op , it 's plain wrong . 
  as far as we can tell she is not doing anything actually bad . 
  she told the guy she 's not interested in relationship with him , if they are still friends despite his feelings then tbh it 's his problem . 
  and yes , you are still allowed to talk about sex life or exes to your friends if you are in relationship . 
  i do n't know why should she even trust you with her private thoughts if you casually read messages that were not meant for you . 
  maybe tell her that you 've been looking through her messages , confront her with her `` awful behavior '' and see how that works out for you . 
  i call not pretty . 
  i think this old dude is a nice guy , he thinks that he can obtain the girl through sheer friendliness and being there for her all the time and shit . 
  thankfully , it does n't actually work like this . 
  was n't this exactly the premise of winnie the pooh though ? 
  having characters with major , defining psychological flaws , that can actually be diagnosed as disorders ? 
  haha , if you think the movie is `` disgusting '' you should really read the book . 
  whoa , do n't you post your unpopular yet perfectly valid personal opinion like this . 
  yeah , so he did not send harry anywhere , he just manipulated an impressionable unhappy orphan since he was 11 to become an exact person he needed for his plan . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , i love dumbledore 's character , but he was definitely manipulating harry as hard as he could to get his desired outcome . 
  rats definitely should n't live in aquariums , this is just stupid . 
  they love climbing the cage walls so much . 
  my beloved rat just died , and we ( me and boyfriend ) wonder whether we should get more rats or not . 
  i mean . 
  we miss him so much and it 's so unfair that they die so fast . 
  my heart is completely broken without him . 
  but on the other hand , i ca n't think about not having rats at all in my life . 
  we currently have only two left . 
  i do n't think that 's biologically possible . 
  no breeder in my entire country has ever heard of a rat that lived more than 3.9 years . 
  edit : actual scientific sources all confirm that . 
  thanks for downvotes lol . 
  our beloved rat just died . 
  he was my best friend and an awesome companion . 
  i 'm completely destroyed with grief but still i 'm so happy he was in my life , even if for such a short time . 
   a lot of rats do n't even reach 2 years old , and they 've got a lot stronger personalities than most animals with such short lifespans so people get really fuckin attached really quickly . 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm from poland , as far as i know breeders here are also in contact with at least czech and slovakian breeders . 
  honestly what you 're writing sounds like science fiction to me , it 's like maybe you 're talking about some completely different species or something ? 
  it 's simply not possible for a rat to live that long . 
  why would a rat jump at you though ? 
  their instinct is always to run the fuck out of any kind of problems . 
  they 're not dumb to fight a human . 
  they just want you not to mess with them . 
  can you link any reliable source other than your sister that confirms that this is possible ? 
  because like entire internet and multiple studies are telling me it 's not . 
  see for example :, 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're talking about some completely different species . 
  for example animals from neotoma genus are believed to live up to 10 years , and are called `` rats '' too :, 
  i once got a super hiper enchanted bow with mending . 
  i was so happy , immediately became the greatest archer ever . 
  and now i imagine hundreds of potatoes that villagers carry and plant , all running little minecrafts inside . 
  as we all know , there are two species of chemicals : friendly chemicals and evil , dangerous chemicals . 
  yeah i think i got mine from an end city . 
  my guess would be that it was n't diagnosed so efficiently before . 
  am a woman . 
  what is he trying to accomplish ?? 
  dude . 
  nice save . 
  same : (, 
  bran remembers for sure, 
  why would joffrey send an assasin ?? 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  decimated army ? 
  it was only a couple of hundred people in a convoy . 
  i think the first one is not taking a photo but writing something . 
  because they wanted to ensure that the tail of the convoy safely reaches its destination ? 
  you think they should just go `` nah , fuck it , our gold is in the city , screw the food , we gon na go relax or sth '' ? 
  they are protecting the remaining part of their stuff that is not entirely safe yet . 
  photo ? 
  why would you watch it ? 
  \\  posting something meaningful and intelligent, 
  \\  she 's probably shitposting, 
  you know , you do n't have to type the same thing two times, 
  it 's like a pickled dugtrio , is n't it . 
  this is why i watch after i return from work . 
  i suddenly started to love mondays . 
  i think they are smart enough but do n't know how , or do n't want to make you open up . 
  i think mine was smart enough . 
  the problem is , centrism is not some super wise golden mean either . 
  it has its own flaws that some people prefer to keep unrecognized instead of acknowledging . 
  i 've never seen sp say `` centrism sometimes sucks too '' , it 's always `` both sides are stupid '' . 
  oh no , how can they endanger their precious sales with some `` being reasonable and fair human '' bullshit, 
  no , it 's impossible that female writers did their job right . 
  they probably only burden other writers with their dumb ideas and men have to fix everything they do . 
  i bet that men would do their job ten times better , because of course they would . 
  ( obligatory / s ), 
  good bot, 
  or maybe udyr ? 
  or pantheon ? 
  hello ?? 
  in eu they should be perfectly safe to eat because hens are tested for salmonella all the time . 
  in us , i 'm not sure . 
  well , do n't get overly optimistic either . 
  every doctor will tell you childbirth is easy because they 've seen it go `` pretty ok '' hundreds of times .
