  i earn a fraction of what an us developer would earn , although i 'm still in upper 5 % of poles in terms of wage . 
  our code is still very high quality , no comparison to the typical meme bangladeshi code , and i 'm pretty sure it 's similar to what you would do in us . 
  honestly i see no reason why someone would choose an us company instead of the one i work in . 
  other than timezone , different location ( for meetings ) , much lower price and a very slight language barrier there 's not much difference in terms of expected product quality . 
  i work in poland , and we do . 
  there 's a terrifyingly huge market for polish programmers , because they are well educated and can do the job remotely , but have much lower rates than people in us ( who can deliver similar quality but have bigger life expenses etc ) . 
  it 's also way harder for targon users ( aka tank supps ) to get like any cdr , in comparison to supps who build coin/spellthief . 
  depends , but personally i think unix timestamp is the easiest as it 's timezone independent . 
  for `` now '' it will have the same value in every timezone so it makes most sense in a system where you presumably need to manage and compare a lot of timestamps . 
  i 'm straight female , and i really really like rakan 's face . 
  it 's `` interestingly ugly '' , i love its sharp bird-resembling angles . 
  overall he 's hot af if you ask me . 
  i mean maybe if you have sexy pizza feet fetish . 
  i mean seriously , his physicality scares me in some way . 
  she 's super cute . 
  no idea why people do n't like her . 
  she looks like a fun kind young girl . 
  i want to hug her . 
  i like him too . 
  : ) also rami malek , daniel craig , hugh laurie , mads mikkelsen , and generally men who are not really `` pretty '' or even handsome , but interesting . 
  i would just run away if i saw him d :, 
  this looks like a power fantasy that probably appeals more to men than women tbh . 
  this is great !, 
  how do you do that ? 
  any tutorial ? 
  actually the pattern is so well-known , i would say * iconic * , that it 's likely for an origami enthusiast to call it the ancient dragon . 
  i think chinese drop rates have to be different than on other servers . 
  it 's impossible we all have so bad rng to get a ton of champ shards but almost no ward skin shards . 
  seriously you think some marker company would hire someone to draw a bunch of pics from a tv series to post it on reddit ? 
  : dddd, 
  like , wtf people ? 
  i like to crochet for example , and if i crochet something with a damn fine yarn , i will make sure people know which yarn is it , because it 's very hard to find quality materials for handmade stuff . 
  i imagine same goes for marker brands . 
  btw my favourite yarn is himalaya everyday and i 'm not hired by himalaya . 
  how is that possible i 've never seen that before, 
  o __ o, 
  i would argue that as an offshore company it 's an important part of your job to be able to * obtain * a good spec from your clients without them standing next to you . 
  but well , my company 's clients are mostly startups that have little to zero experience with app development , and their `` staff '' is 3-4 people including owners , which ( i imagine ) can make the process both easier and harder in comparison to developing for a proper big client . 
  turtle had really bad matchups in these games . 
  my puzzle company required us to send a few pieces of `` finished '' puzzle to them in a letter . 
  after we did , they sent us back a full set . 
  it was a bit awkward and i 'm not sure why but we decided to just complete the second set and throw the first one away altogether . 
  it was 3000 puzzle set ... 
  also of course later we found the missing piece under the carpet . 
  honestly i 've never observed anything like this with my rats and i pet/tickle them a lot . 
  i think it 's some `` scientific '' internet hoax . 
  all altruism has its motives . 
  without motives it would n't happen at all . 
  i do n't mean `` i do n't hear them laugh '' ( that would be creepy af lol ) , i mean `` i do n't observe any changed behavior '' , they do n't even seem to notice it most of the time . 
  exactly a million shulkers . 
  got ta love the pay to win blitz skin . 
  on aram the hook is almost invisible . 
  lol man , you walked straight to it, 
  why ? 
  what do you consider fun to play against then ? 
  so you main janna ? 
  it 's adorable . 
  no , the point was removing him from lol community as a punishment , so he no longer can harm anyone in there . 
  this is not a prison/life sentence analogy . 
  unlike personal freedom , ability to play league of legends is not a human right . 
  i mean it 's so stupid . 
  next time they get a rager or flamer in their team they should only blame themselves . 
  lol , he would be back to permabanned within 3 months . 
  it 's just an easy money spike for him , not opportunity to seriously reform . 
  this guy is a lost case . 
  even if he 's changed somehow , it does n't mean he should immediately stop being punished for his previous actions . 
  what kind of punishment it is if you unban someone right after he says `` ohhh i 'm so reformed and so sad plz unban '' ? 
  it 's not how consequences work . 
  why would i ? 
  seriously you think someone can change so much one year after getting 17 accounts to permaban ? 
  why does he even care so much about getting back to playing lol in your opinion if not for money ? 
  is this game a holy grail of gaming somehow ? 
  he had 18 chances already ... 
  ok , so basically you think he wants to improve his stream = get more money . 
  i can understand that . 
  i do n't know however why would i support that . 
   i am pretty sure you are one of those people that use / all to ask for reports on everyone that slightly inconveniences you and you probably spend hours in post game lobby crafting report comments . 
  yeah , i do n't want to play the game with a guy that 's been permabanned 22 times , surely i 'm just overreacting : d, 
  it would be really weird if i liked and watched him but did n't want him back , would n't it ? 
  it 's pretty clear to me that the only people who want him back in lol are his audience and followers . 
  i 'd prefer to hear some of his former teammates . 
  relevant username ? ... 
  i 'm pretty sure i have n't gotten any account permabanned yet : ) . 
  i never got even a suspension or punishment of any sort . 
  but what is your point ? 
  that not only perfect angels deserve to be able to play lol ? 
  yes , i wholeheartedly agree , but tyler1 is not `` not an angel '' , he 's literally an icon of raging , feeding and toxicity in lol . 
  yeah , not having trolls in your games is a human right , how can we wish for poor poor tyler1 something so terrible ? 
  lol . 
  ok dude , whatever , i 'm as bad as tyler1 , we all are , sure . 
  number of received punishments completely does n't matter . 
   the only people who care about him coming back to league are his fans , no one else gives a shit . 
  this . 
  how can you even be a fan of someone who regularly does stuff like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/vbldhzzkxw8?t=47s ) is beyond me but whatever . 
  please remove this champ from the game already, 
  yeah this is clearly the most important part of their comment . 
  [ being nice ] ( https://youtu.be/vbldhzzkxw8?t=47s ), 
  he should be banned too . 
  he can get life sentence for some mass shooting but he ca n't get permabanned in lol for feeding in hundreds of games because his brain has n't fully matured ? 
  wtf .
