  now i play mostly bard in ranked with about 110k mastery on him . 
  anyway , recently i picked up braum and it blows my mind how easy this guy is . 
  he has peel , tankiness , engage , cc , shield which hard counters some champs , damage on q. 
  it 's like a dream come true . 
  he 's way easier than tahm or leona as he is not so `` good at one thing and nothing more really '' and does n't fall back so hard . 
  also has a ranged poke and is n't so weak in lane . 
  he can peel almost as well as janna while having a better more versatile kit and being way more tanky . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but it really feels like this is the easiest support i 've played . 
  can you guys explain what is this i 'm missing and how is this to have a real mastery on braum ? 
  i can think of faster reactions or hitting more qs , but i do n't feel like there 's a lot of depth decision-making-wise ... 
  i played recently a game vs super fed rengar which my team eventually lost . 
  while team was bad and the game not very pleasant , i found a lot of fun fighting for vision for 30 minutes , as this was the only thing that could possibly stop him . 
  i tried to think about enemy movement all the time and set up possible encounters intuitively . 
  enemies were demanding , my team was behind all the time , but i am quite sure my vision game was what won us two teamfights . 
  i was super excited like i found a whole new level of the game . 
  i 'm silver so i do n't think anybody even noticed what happened but i was thrilled . 
  i want more of this but i feel like this is super hard to get right . 
  nobody really talks about how to establish great vision for your team . 
  most people are like `` ward a lot , and make your wards relevant '' . 
  yeah great advice : p, 
  do you guys have some real advice here ? 
  how do i get good at macro vision game ? 
  is this about some special mindset or practice ? 
  i want to build a pc , but i do n't think i 'll be ever able to just buy a whole thing at once . 
  for different reasons i 'm unable to save a lot of money for a big buy . 
  i figured i 'll get some parts on sales or other occasions and in a few months or a year or whatever long it takes i 'll be able to a nice pc working with what i get . 
  i want it to be usable as long as possible . 
  let 's say my budget is $ 50-80 a month . 
  i do n't know which parts are reasonable to buy that way . 
  for example it seems cpus age very fast and what was a great hardware 6 months ago wo n't be that good now . 
  could you as experts explain to me how different parts age in terms of cost/quality ? 
  if for example i get a case , will it be still worth the money after a year ? 
  is there some order you would reccommend ? 
  thanks a lot in advance . 
  [ removed ], 
  he seems like a genuine fanatic , but intelligent one , not without a plan or a purpose . 
  he has shown that he likes taking control . 
  but what exactly is it that this guy wants in the end ? 
  to build a temple in every town and have westeros controlled by faith ? 
  he seems way too ambitious to just do this all for faith and not himself ... what is his goal ? 
  was this explained ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  i 'm from eune , so it 's quite hard for me to look for people to play with on this sub . 
  i am silver support main . 
  i figured it would be nice to have people to play with , not only for climbing , but i just like playing and learning with friendly people and recently did n't have chance to . 
  i am looking especially for interesting , nice , mature people who would be enjoyable to spend time with , not only like duo partner to duoq with . 
  i already have a lot of `` friends '' on my friendlist and those are mostly people who played well in some game but have nothing in common . 
  i know that there 's a plenty of sites and apps where you can look for a teammate . 
  maybe some subreddit ? 
  can you guys recommend me something that could actually work ? 
  hi , i 'm looking for cultural and mature people who are enjoyable to be around . 
  basically normal adults . 
  i want to play the game , discuss the game , learn the game . 
  i watch lcs , follow r/leagueoflegends , i play support quite well and know my stuff . 
  i do n't have much time daily , i play 0-2 games a day , i want them to be interesting and fun . 
  i do n't rage and try to learn new stuff all the time either i 'm winning or losing . 
  i do n't care if you are better or worse than me but you have to be willing to learn . 
  do n't add me in-game , i do n't spend time chatting in client . 
  leave me reddit message or comment here . 
  hi , i 'm looking for cultural and mature people who are enjoyable to be around . 
  basically normal adults . 
  about me :, 
  * i want to play the game , discuss the game , learn the game, 
  * i watch lcs , follow r/leagueoflegends , and i 'm quite involve, 
  * i play support almost exclusively, 
  * i play 0-2 games a day, 
  * i do n't rage and try to learn new stuff all the time either i 'm winning or losing, 
  * i play to win . 
  i 'm silver currently but i expect to climb to gold and higher , i just do n't have time to spam rankeds recently , even though they seem super easy and i have good stats and mmr . 
  do n't add me in-game , i do n't spend time chatting in client . 
  if you are interested please leave me pm or comment here . 
  basically title . 
  i 've been folding origami since childhood . 
  i feel like most models are just plain ugly . 
  i like only some realistic animals and super small simple models which are just cute . 
  some are at least impressive , like super complex dragons . 
  other than that i ca n't stand looking on them , especially tessellations and modular shapes . 
  i love this hobby but i hate it . 
  i throw away most of things i make . 
  i do n't get people who think those things are beautiful . 
  they 're amazing cause of hard work put into them and centuries of tradition , but not exactly pretty . 
  is there something wrong with me ? 
  does anyone feel like this ? 
  any words of comfort ? 
  basically title . 
  i do n't recall fqc being so subpar in comparison to eotw previously ... what happened ? 
  it 's easy to believe that the expensive paper is what holds us back from making awesome models when all you see is photos incredibly folded great japanese paper . 
  i do n't want to believe that . 
  please prove this statement wrong and post photos of awesome models you made with cheap and shitty paper . 
  allowed e.g. 
  : 80g a4 copy paper , cheap decorative wrapping paper , kraft paper , tracing paper - very basic things you can buy virtually in any store in any country . 
  let 's go boys and girls !, 
  they became way more popular lately , but i do n't get why honestly . 
  lack of ms in combat for bard sounds like being unable to pull off a decent escape and also unable to position for q while autoattacking in a fight . 
  is it really so worth to buy them just for roams ? 
  are n't bard roams like , good enough already ? 
  holy shit what a stomp it was ; ), 
  let 's say i know coffeescript and angular , for my new sideproject i considered angular 2 or ember.js . 
  i want to learn new things and to create maintainable project at the same time if possible . 
  which language compiling to js should i use ?
