  please do n't copy comments . 
  what are the best matchups to pick fiddle support into ? 
  i know , but why would i want to read their comment two times ? 
  or maybe realize that you are not the only person in the world and let others speak . 
  and then they changed all of the jungle and made the nerf pointless , but did n't revert it . 
  after coin buff she 's actually pretty awesome . 
  omg do want dis, 
  but but, 
  actually it is, 
  \\  consuming effective food , i personally down a chocolate bar ( shoutouts to meiji for having the best milk-chocolate ) and a can of energy drink 30 minutes before the important games . 
  \\  easy to digest food that wo n't cause stomach irritation . 
  does he even have an autoattack animation ? 
  all i see from this guy is qqqqqqqqq, 
  anivia lvl 1-6 , q takes 1/3 of your mana , if someone tries to push you you have to aa like crazy , lasthitting with this bird is fucking impossible , god do i hate her early game, 
  the question is what do i do when i clearly can take or give a kill . 
  of course i will always take a kill which is not 100 % sure and safe to give . 
  yeah but what will this vayne do with a bf/cutlass/whatever so early when shes so focused on farm and barely harass anyway ? 
  i 'm asking if kills on a support are n't actually more snowball-y than on adc ? 
   as a support your usefulness in lane and arguably the whole game does n't really come from items ( excluding wards/sightstone ) . 
  bro do you even sona . 
   the same result would be achieved if your ad had the two kills and was a whole item up and zoning them from farm . 
  the point is i 'm not so sure about this . 
  as a support i will harass in lane 24/7 , adc has to spend a lot of time lasthitting ( and ca n't for example return dmg while lasthitting , it 's up to me ) . 
  i 've thought i asked about lvl 5 , not 18 . 
  okay , i will take your word for it . 
  maybe i 'm just too used to retarded adcs doing nothing good in lane . 
  just ended a ranked with a vayne who literally couldnt freeze the lane and pushed 24/7 because fuck my life . 
  why would they be okay with it ? 
  `` hey manager i 'd want to talk to your players about how much more i would pay them and how they totally would feel better in my team , we cool ? '', 
  of course tl no longer needs keith and will be happy to sell him , but i do n't think that any team would be fine with poaching their starters . 
  dude , seriously , the honor system could have worked so well . 
  so well . 
  wo n't happen , disrupting visual design of the map . 
  iirc , ap reds , armor yellows , mr blues , ap quints . 
  bard is also pretty solid , but requires a lot of game knowledge to be useful and generally is not recommended to inexperienced support players . 
  sivir on adc is also really easy and in meta . 
  because all reddit supports by default pick thresh i guess ? 
  i believe [ it was me ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/comments/323k1s/so_you_are_a_support_main_who_cant_into_toplane/ ) . 
  is n't level 20 the time to buy runes instead of more champs ? 
  sorry for mistake . 
  thanks man , really helpful comment . 
  so , how much fantasy points is fenix worth after this match ? 
  shurima, 
  is this for real d :, 
  should n't it be a fenix with azir 's head ? 
  cat form nidalee < 3, 
  this is just sad . 
  i heard that keith is pretty good, 
  annie carried me out of bronze , strongly recommend playing her in low elo , where basically only raw dmg and teamfights count to people ( efforts like warding etc. 
  will probably be wasted anyway ) . 
  it 's hard to play tank like leona when you are unsure if your team will follow , but annie does n't have this problem . 
  yeah what a helpful and specific advice right ... 
  thread is kill, 
  flat ap will make your heals more effective , you need to land qs anyway to heal back . 
  hp regen will help you only out of lane , in lane you need only ( upgraded ) coin and qs to stay perfecly healthy . 
  i do n't get people desperately trying to make soraka a passive healbot instead of playing her properly as a squishy ap support ( think sona nami janna ) which she is , if you want so badly to sit 120938102 miles back and spam heals just rush warmogs ... 
  i play the game for a year and spent about $ 20 on rp . 
  i 'm not grinding like crazy , sometimes i play , sometimes i do n't play . 
  i own 14 runepages , all the runes i need and more champions than i can learn . 
  right now i sit on 10k ip i do n't even know what to spend on - will be a next champion but ... 
  i do n't realy need a next champion . 
  my suggestion : buy runepages and runes only on sale - runepages 2 for 1 for rp , runes discounted . 
  it makes completing them super easy . 
  what masterpiece shall we play today ? 
  how do you get the feeling i 'm not good enough ? 
  i had about 1500 normal mmr like two months ago and i certainly do n't feel like i 'm getting worse . 
  when for example i do a proper engage and team runs away or proper disengage and team stays and dies what more i can do ? 
  i feel like they are proper because in higher elo normal games my supporting actions usually work as planned ... 
  it 's impossible to win lane if enemy runs kill lane and my adc does n't know how to freeze , how to not get hooked , when to heal etc. 
  i have only so much tools to keep them from dying and when they finaly do the lane is over ... people behave like kda is the only thing that matters and they try to get kills early even if they are vayne soraka vs thresh graves . 
  you understood me wrong . 
  i do n't think they are `` stupid '' , i think they play too random and i do n't know how to work with their randomness . 
  it 's a team game , i wo n't win solo however good i would be . 
  if they are random i probably should adapt somehow - but i do n't know how . 
  then please tell me how do i beat kill lane when my adc does nothing to not die and farm up or is actively trying to kill them even if it makes no sense ? 
  no pings and begging them to stay safe work . 
  i do roam , i ward entire map and try to help entire team . 
  i 'm just a not good thresh , my best supports are sona , janna and soraka . 
  i picked him cause i was first pick and did n't want to be counterpicked which is super easy vs sona . 
  i am able to dominate lane as sona but i ca n't follow random all-ins when adc or jungler go ham . 
  also poking them down does n't mean shit if adc mindlessly pushes wave instead of freezing or dies because sona has no reliable cc . 
  dying as a tank or support is n't always bad thing if team gets something out of it . 
  i often die trying to defend my carries in bad situations . 
  it 's easy to die in messy teamfight as a squishy support . 
  i assure you i do try to die as rarely as possible . 
  sorry but i do n't know why would i need upgraded red trinket in silver ... 
  i always upgrade yellow one when i play other roles . 
  ( also red one vs invisible enemies , teemo etc. ), 
  i tried to explain concept of freezing a few times and it 's really hard to convince them not to push ... also adcs tend to go ham when they see someone low and suddenly die because sona has no tools to help them get out of unnecessary engage . 
  i try to get advice . 
  well if i was winning more of course i would n't think i have some problem to solve right ? 
  o __ o, 
  when i play * with * someone from plat it means together we are somewhere around gold elo and i genuinely think this is my elo because i feel like those games are not too hard and not too easy . 
  sometimes i win them , sometimes not , but always i feel like those games * make sense * to me . 
  my ranked games just do n't make sense . 
  well you have to go deeper  if you really want you can check out my games with sagate , maclin , slayful , ashgaroth , \u017belis\u0142aw played in last few months . 
  i want to improve , this is why i made this post . 
  i just do n't know why people try to tell me i 'm bad and do n't deserve winning when i only asked for specific advice : what to do when in your game everyone does random things ( which i feel is happening to me often ) . 
  i almost always use pinks for taking dragon and baron . 
  maybe it 's not super efficient but honestly i would n't think that this is the reason .
