  original bard chromas look so fucking bad now in comparison , i did n't even bother buying them for 2000ip even though i love classic bard , they 're so ugly : (, 
  this literally makes her heal per second two times smaller in lategame . 
  there is no way to play her effectively with this nerf . 
  i mean lol , people do n't like some champ , just double cooldown on his/her most important ability , how is n't that a great idea . 
  adc with good positioning can with the game . 
  apc with good positioning can win the game . 
  why when it is a support people suddenly get so butthurt about simply being outplayed by someone who positions well ? 
  soraka is not good vs poke . 
  soraka gets poked too , she 's fairly squishy and has to keep up godly dodges to last for more than 10 seconds under turret while she also loses health healing other people who got hit . 
   if the team with soraka is losing or even she wo n't be the reason her team wins . 
  once her team secures some form of lead though she will 100 % lock that lead down . 
  she really actually fucking is n't op . 
  for the love of god spend 800 gold on executioners and focus her first in fights . 
  she 's just annoying and people are stupid . 
  i 100 % agree with you . 
  i really do n't get how people get so tilted vs her . 
  she 's not op and she is very easy to deal with , people just refuse to acknowledge that they actually have to deal with her instead of ignoring her completely like they usually do with other wingy-sticks-putters . 
  \\  see minions, 
  \\  kill minions, 
  yeah i so can afford it while earning less than $ 1000 monthly . 
  i still do n't get how . 
  how could you estimate this location so accurately . 
  it 's crazy . 
  or do n't we . 
  yep it looks so ridiculous for some reason . 
  and for things that are worth paying for . 
  you talk like people who are n't business owners are actually valuable human beings : /, 
  yeah but i could n't find another video of this bug , you guys sure it occurred in old version ? 
  what the hell ? 
  it 's incredibly good graph that lets you easily compare even very big and very small values . 
  also levels 20 , 30 and 40 are considered kind of milestones because after them leveling gets so much harder - so it 's actually important to know for example `` ok i 'm level x so all i 've done so far is about 30 % of level 40 '' . 
  therefore all three rings are there for a reason . 
  hey , could you please explain is your girlfriend opposed to you having sex with other people and what is her reasoning ? 
  someone in higher comment chain was curious about that and now i 'm curious as well . 
  so you think there are no heterosexual religious men who believe waiting till marriage is a right thing and actually do that without women forcing them to ? 
  except no it is n't , for both of them . 
  been there , do n't that . 
  you do n't want me to catch pokemon ? 
  ok , i wo n't catch the pokemon . 
  i 'm an adult and my only option is walking or a bus , do n't even have a bike . 
  how does it matter if all pidgeys you catch have 1-2 attack anyway ... 
  they never run from the second one ? 
  you are a true master i guess . 
  okay i think i found it , [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlj_2zeahg0 ) ? 
  edit : also [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf3xnwfwzmc ) . 
  i meant attack iv . 
  do you hear the people sing , singing a song of angry men . 
  then they all die and accomplish nothing . 
  * yay *, 
  exactly why you should never employ any women , you do n't want these pesky children to get into the way of their career . 
  no you wo n't with this code , unless you aim for some real weird old shit browsers i do n't even know about . 
  source : am frontend dev and css wizard . 
  this is only for buttons , where 's the rest ? 
  you wo n't trick us !, 
  ( if you have any problems with css guys , hit me on pm , i can fix anything . ), 
  so it 's like eating when you 're not hungry and do n't feel the taste ? 
  does her body respond normally to touching even though she does n't feel actually affected ? 
  ( it seems quite hard to get physically aroused as a girl without certain mental state , it 's not like a boner you can get randomly , so i 'm just curious how does that work . ), 
  i think long cooldowns on everything besides w force him into glass cannon , or else after his combo enemy can just walk away , probably still alive , and he can do nothing about it . 
  bard and sona are pretty close to that lol . 
  soraka has warding duties as a support and is extremely easy to kill outside of fights whenever she missteps doing so . 
  honestly you should jump on her when her silence is down , it has very long cooldown and will get used max 2 times per fight . 
  if she really holds it out just for the exact moment when you jump on her and still gets away with it - you 're just getting outplayed . 
  if you think it 's soraka who wins them the fights then going 1 for 1 for soraka is good . 
  if you do n't think it 's soraka then what the fuck are you complaining about in the first place ? 
  do n't you know supports are special kind of ghosts that are impossible to focus or kill whenever their ally is around ? 
  tank soraka is the only problem . 
  ap soraka is a normal support with strenghts and weaknesses . 
  quitting your job all nice and fun when in the end you still have someone who earns money for you ... 
  i ca n't ever quit job because my partner will never be able to sustain us both . 
  feels bad man . 
  so it 's a fucking lot better than not working remote . 
  how is doing freelance giving you more time ? 
  do you even know what you 're talking about ? 
  all it does is making you more stressed out and dependent on multiple random clients instead of steady one boss . 
  i 'd love to earn $ 9 per hour . 
  is this you , satan ? 
  no , a grave for your dead child , dummy . 
  sorry , but i do n't get the part where non-bourgeois lgtb people do n't actually want gay marriage ? 
  i 'm a programmer and i hate technocracy . 
  i do n't want to starve though . 
  i 'm afraid i did n't - i do n't come from us but from poland , and our laws are significantly worse in that matter ( gay marriage is not possible , no protection from discrimination ) and it 'll stay this way probably for some longer time . 
  gay marriage would be an incredible improvement here and really it 's needed especially by the poorest . 
  married couples get a lot of tax , inheritance and health care priviledges that help a lot when you are not rich person for whom marriage is only some emotional drama not related to your actual well-being . 
  i do n't fully agree though . 
  marriage is well-established social structure that a lot of people simply want in their life . 
  fight for gay marriages is a fight for in fact being able to organize into any sex two-person structures that do n't necessarily improve birth rate or raise kids - but only respond to couple 's needs to support each other . 
  what 's wrong with such a need ? 
  she 's not powerful . 
  only psychotic . 
  seriously , she 's not even that rich anymore . 
  not ambitious enough . 
  yeah janna into sona is total crap , she has nothing to stop sona from doing her job effortlessly . 
  i hate way more people who actually give him money by being baited in the stupidest way i 've ever seen . 
  if you were efficient it would take at most half an hour . 
  do you really want to know why ? 
  why top-tier lol players would want to leave for dota where they are not so top-tier ( if any tier honestly ) and start all over again without any guarantee they 'll succeed in different game ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
   specifically the top players , the kind of people that go play in worlds and shit, 
   i specifically said `` not actual pro players , but future ones,
