  sushi is kill . 
  how is it going ? 
  so it 's your `` main '' after 3 games ? 
  do n't think so . 
  you probably wo n't build seraph 's anyway and supports always lack item slots for big items ' parts ( aegiiiiiis ... ) because they often buy them only in small parts each back and usually need a slot for support item , sigstone , boots and a pink which leaves you with only 2-3 slots . 
  it 's clearly not serious . 
  am polish , can confirm , if you play with not retarded polish person on eune ( which happens probably in your every game since a big part of eune is polish ) you probably wo n't even know they were polish , thus there 's no reason to say `` hurr durr damn polacks so bad '', 
  he 's d4 . 
  the most shocking part for me ? 
  til i learned that tf 's parents were `` gypsy '' . 
  whatever this means in lol world . 
  can confirm , there 's nothing i hate more than a volibear running at you that you can do nothing about . 
  inb4 rito remove zhonya coz zed useless, 
  what if i 'm mechanically worse but better at other aspects of this game ? 
  can i dislike being mechanically outplayed when my efforts to ward the map , ping , communicate and shotcall for 40 minutes are deleted by a person with better ping who can smash their buttons in right order ? 
  the whole point of being assasin is to get in range to the carry , your question is like `` why the fuck their adc is in range to attack you '' or `` why the fuck you let their support peel '' or something , it 's just dumb , when zed looks for the opportunity to dive adc the whole game he will probably finally find one coz mistakes happen, 
   the korean players hit top 50 consistently with 200 fucking ping on the na ladder, 
  okay ? 
  i just pointed out that having `` mechanical skill '' has very much to do with better ping , it 's nothing new . 
  we do n't talk about climbing but mechanics . 
  it just irritates me and i dislike it , i never said that `` hurr durr op assasins keep me from climbing '' , it 's just unfun to me to be killed / have carries killed by a lucky assasin thinking he 's some kind of a god in this game because he can kill people fast but have n't bought a single ward . 
  assasins are awful in low elo where people think that the game is about kills . 
  that last fight so brutal ... 
  turtle went mad as expected . 
  not only karma bro , this is a serious business ; ), 
  it does . 
  they had lategame . 
  even in the last fight he was in the front and on the beginning tried to go away like `` oh boy this hurts i have to run we dont fight guys '' , probably other person 's call stopped him . 
  yep , without this pressure they would have lost bot inhib . 
  `` it 's lustboy , that 's lustboy down there ! '', 
  wtf man, 
  woooooooo, 
   counter counter engage, 
  this annie bot has some really weird scripts, 
   if assassins are so good and easy , why do n't you play them and show us ? 
  ping issues , boring , 0-1 . 
  i do n't think they are easy , but usually unpleasant to play both as and against . 
  i do n't have butthurt about assasins ruining my games or something , i just do n't like kind of gameplay focused on micro and losing micro fights . 
  that 's why i am maybe worse 1v1 but better at teamplay . 
  luckily enough i 'm still able to find some fun playing mobas , thank you : ), 
  there 's a limit to number of tunnels tho , so spamming them off cooldown can be not the best thing to do in all the cases . 
  i reach it in every game : (, 
  before coin buff it was common to buy spellthief for lane and talisman after laning phase . 
  some people here seem to still do this like the buff did n't happen ; p, 
  after buff coin gives you awesome hp sustain and a lot of gold if you stay in lane and do n't roam . 
  you can always take it in lane which is not about kills or does n't have much cc . 
  coin also builds to talisman which is an incredible item , probably just straight better than fqc . 
  so if you want to get talisman it 's probably better to buy first item coin and be more patient in lane . 
  spellthiefs gives you some ap but is not really superior right now in all the cases . 
  i feel that it gives similar amount of gold in lane , maybe somewhat more if you poke all the time , but remember that this gold source will be mostly gone in the rest of the game while talisman 's passive will get you gold basically every time you get close to dying minions . 
  my recommended items would be :, 
  * sona - only spellthiefs , she is supposed to be lane bully and poke hard all the time , do n't ever bother to max heal, 
  * janna - both depending on matchup , coin is easier, 
  * soraka - only coin , gives her necessary sustain, 
  * nami - both will work, 
  * lulu - both , spellthiefs probably nicer in lane, 
  wait , what, 
  dodging ashes ult in short distance is kinda impossible . 
  you 'd have to always flash with a really good reaction time . 
  his q on first lvl is super sick . 
  q stun + aa + meep + couple aas from adc + any skill from adc + ignite can easily be a first blood . 
  turtle the cat and catsexual lust cena synergy never forget < / 3, 
  hahaha i want to watch this so badly . 
   i think i 'm the only one that likes this decision . 
  * 97 upvotes *, 
  the feels ; _ ;, 
  i just like to spam my spells ok, 
  use heal in lane as rarely as possible and never max it . 
  sona is about op damage on q + passive . 
  ( remember that also after every q you and probably your adc have one empowered aa . ), 
  well nami can at least land a bubble or something for engage , but soraka has literally nothing to do as a playmaker . 
  ( unless you do n't count as playz saving your entire team from a certain death pumping in them 2000 free hp in 5 seconds * huehuehuehue * ), 
  heal ? 
  what heal ? 
   you know how he inspires a sense of joy and not giving a fuck ? 
  true !, 
  : d whatever you do , bard is incredibly fun to play . 
  learn to land good q stuns , never max w coz it 's shit . 
  q + aa + meep can do sick damage . 
  generally meeps damage even if lategame can be really high even sithout ap . 
  build cdr and tank , things like fh and boc , if ahead ig . 
  do n't bother getting ap or mregen , you will want to get one of mana items anyway and you do not need more to spam spells almost 24/7 ( if you do n't try to use w to heal which you should not do ) . 
  if you really need this scaling on q , just pick another champ , bard is not about damage ( which , yeah , he can do , but worse than other things ) . 
  be smart with chimes - do n't chase them , leave them sometimes to get movespeed or mana later . 
  try reaching out to / r/bardmains for further instructions . 
  i do n't want you to perform well but to be removed from the game . 
  i literally do n't remember when i saw an aatrox the last time . 
  and i play with poppies , elises and yoricks sometimes . 
  it 's just like this champ never existed . 
  lol . 
  this is so sad and so true . 
  i can keep up with gold/plat players when i play normals with friends in terms of map awareness , recognizing win conditions and overall strategy , but i 'm unable to win games in silver when people literally do random things and usually the team having more cc and tanks wins . 
  ( and ofc one lost fight is gg ff@20 . ), 
  i started to do the same thing when i realized that grouping with them is literally pointless . 
  i main support and recently tried to transition to jungle only for the sake of better waveclear and being able to go alone . 
  good thing that splitpushing strategy exists and is viable . 
  one of my premades spams elise 99 % of his games . 
  this can be the reason . 
  ; ) but i think sometimes i see other people playing her anyway . 
  good .
