  i guess for healers we just need to wait another two years . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's true that tooltips are too short and not detailed , but i do n't think every tooltip with a word `` suppresion '' should contain elaborate from wiki what a suppression is . 
  if you think wording of some tooltip is unclear , you can check it somewhere or ask people . 
  while i agree that generally riot itself provides way too low amount of information on their site , i do n't think that tooltips should be more detailed and longer . 
  and while very short they 're still really precise . 
  queen ashe best ashe, 
  do n't steal . 
  it 's about credited like `` they said it is your work '' , not credited like `` they appreciated/praised your work '' . 
  you can tell it 's a total shit or downvote or whatever , important thing is acknowledgement that this one guy created something and not another . 
  i watched it like 10 times since it was uploaded ; ), 
  boyfriend in d3 . 
  can confirm . 
  this . 
  and how is zyra bot even comparable to a nami or janna . 
  what the hell . 
  i do n't even know what 's that supposed to mean but it 's still hilarious, 
  * resentful chime noises *, 
  * angry tinkling intensifies *, 
  lol he is already . 
  do n't understand this one , but would be `` can my bf get support please , it is his only role '' similarly bad ? 
  why do you think so ? 
  and other persons you do not respect ? 
  for everyone it works different . 
  i knew a guy who hated himself so much that being self destructive became for him being destructive to people who loved him and tried to help him . 
  he shouted at people they should n't waste time for him , he hates them anyway etc. 
  verbally hurt a lot of people before he got better . 
  depression works in mysterious ways . 
  i see only bronze and silver, 
  kindred is supposed to be one person in two ... 
  would be so op . _ . 
  f u c k y a s u o, 
  awesome . 
  i mean ... 
  i had this super weird illaoi support when she made me a vessel multiple times in lane and i ended up running around and waiting for tentacles to spawn entire laning phase as a sona . __ . 
  ( it 's not easy to dodge her e , unlike blitz q it does n't stop on minions : / ), 
  this is fucking amazing man !, 
  so how do you differentiate girls who play support from girls who do nothing to win ? 
  are girls picking soraka to get carried making you more angry than boys picking soraka to get carried ? 
  did n't have much chance to play against her . 
  i was just really weirded out she managed to hit me so many times . 
  got ta dodge better next time . 
  hope that not on eune : p, 
  it makes even less sense than chasing singed and janna . 
  * appreciative chiming laugh *, 
  hahahah would want to see it : d, 
  yeah you totally wo n't get stunned at the other end and you will totally kill the bard , sure bro , keep believin : ^ ), 
  i like the one saying ~ tutorial ~ . 
  i have a question about this guide tho - where is cdr if you do n't build fh ? 
   lumineon, 
  awwww dude it 's so pretty thanks \\* ___ *, 
  so like ... totally not following this build ? 
  ( or only following the items with cdr ) . 
  i think 15 % should come from runes but the rest will be rather hard to build on jungle tank ( if fh is not an option ) . 
  and i wo n't dare to play bard without cdr . 
  very rare situation here . 
  if i can give you advice , just do n't chase bard . 
  most bards will max cdr and have q and e up after few seconds ( half of which you will spend stunned ) . 
  he 's super hard to catch , usually it 's not worth the time . 
  yes, 
  wow i really like it : d, 
  not taking a piss tho, 
  but wtf , is that scarra ? 
  native english speaker master race ? 
  yeah and people still bash riot for being slow with updates ... 
  i mean , yeah the client is super bad , but it 's going to be replaced and then what 's there to complain about technologically ? 
  game is pretty , works like a charm even on toasters ( with very very rare literally gamebreaking bugs and crashes ) , and they improve codebase and fix bugs all the time . 
  when you look how did it look 5 years ago , and how small was this company back then , it 's really fucking impressive they got to this point so fast . 
  dota development is a totally different story . 
  you misspelled `` asshole '' . 
  have an upvote and know i pity you, 
  this is literally 1/4 of my salary , wtf . 
  and i earn more than most people in my country . . 
  yeah but if you not then it is ... with free-to-play business model you can play or not play anytime you want and it costs the same for hour ... 
  about 650 usd after taxes . 
  850 or so with taxes . 
  you meant welcome to eastern europe ... we are still pretty rich here in comparison to actual third world ... 
  about $ 650 after taxes , $ 850 with taxes included ... 
  i wonder how much is this whole falling off thing wt 's fault and how much was it caused by very hard communication with non english speaking support . 
  now i also want to know, 
  #cheetora , bitches, 
  yeah it 's like pretty body and awesome colors and cool spears and stuff are nothing without naked boobs, 
  it has a cooldown u dummy, 
  reddit : * omg champ so broken , rito nerf *, 
  riot : * ok here , champ now unviable *, 
  reddit : * omg rito , no champion diversity *, 
  riot : * ok here , buffed unviable champs *, 
  reddit : * omg champ so broken , rito nerf *, 
  the mastery giving 2.5 % dmg to slowed enemies maybe ? 
  or can you just pick taric or something and not ashame us please, 
  i think o are eyes and . _ . 
  is like a fish nose and mouth ^ ( dont judge me ), 
  now explain how the hell two factor auth would keep his passwords from being stolen in this case . 
  but he did n't get passwords from password manager . 
  he got passwords because even with password manager you need to copypaste them somewhere if you are to use them . 
  `` what do you mean i abused him ? 
  he should be able to handle it , what a pussy lol '', 
  bard mains unite and vote the shit out of him < 3, 
  fuck now i really regret not voting for sion, 
  multiple games ?
