  this is really good news : ) . 
  especially now that i know buying cpu now is perfectly fine , i can save up for it , and once i have this big part others should be easier . 
  thanks : ), 
  did n't she like , say it only to manipulate tommen . 
  i do n't think she meant it as an actual self reflection , it was just some cheap psychology to make her more credible at the moment . 
  same, 
  so this unfun rant gets 80 % upvotes . 
  the best are people who already do n't play the game at all but still come to this sub to not only lurk but bitch around how everything that riot does is awful and lol is shitty game which noone should be allowed to like . 
  like , yeah dude i got it you do n't like it , so maybe idk , do something else with your life . 
  i am silver and i totally do n't mind dynamicq , i have bigger problems myself like not hitting half of my skillshots to be bothered by some premades in my games . 
  if they even exist , because i actually almost do n't notice any . 
  in lol it would be probably even worse as most of the players are immature human beings , like 13-20 years old . 
  i do n't have anything against young boys in the game , they can still be good players , i just do n't want them to comment about me being a girl and treat me like an alien . 
  how can you speak for `` everyone '' ? 
  you are not `` the only one '' , but you are one person . 
  there 's a lot of people who behave nicely and ok , but it does n't negate people who act terribly . 
  it 's not about assholes . 
  is about different treatment . 
  i can stand up for myself when somebody is asshole , i can mute , it 's not an issue . 
  but i ca n't make people behave exactly like they thought i am male . 
  and i want only this , equal treatment . 
  yeah , what is this weird women thing , do we really need to take it into account , is it even relevant ? 
  do you guys know one , what are they like ? 
  gamers are just very young . 
  there 's no way to `` not have interactions with girls '' . 
  `` they '' are 50 % of population , i assure you most mature men have a lot of interactions with `` them '' . 
  it 's just competitive online games are most often played by kids , mostly because they require a fuckton of time that regular working people do n't have . 
  it 's really about young boys , not gamers as a group . 
  can confirm , most people i talked with on eune are super bad at talking understandable english . 
  me two years ago included . 
  which magically makes people not angry anymore , except it does n't . 
  dude are you crazy or something . 
  of course it 's easier to read/write in english than understand people with all kinds of different accents because pronunciation in this stupid language is totally fucked . 
  ( at least for me , i 'm polish . ), 
  it took me 2 years from `` fully understands written '' to `` can understand/communicate spoken '' and i 'm still halfway there . 
  and it 's in situation when like native actors talk in a series with proper pronunciation . 
  not when bunch of people from different countries all at once try to shotcall in lol with some dumb accents . 
  and i 'm 22 and i work in it . 
  now talk about 15 year olds . 
  maybe they train to communicate with 4 people from their team , not with all possible english speaking strangers from rankeds . 
  wow that 's so important . 
  it looks like he was so offended and cared so much . 
  riot is the worst . 
  how dare they do such a thing . 
  i ca n't play this game anymore after this happened . 
  unbelievable . 
  issue is not me being angry but the guy who is wasting time bitching and does n't focus on winning game anymore . 
  all i 'm saying is mute button never was and never will be an ultimate solution to toxicity . 
  haha , i noticed that too , but i was 20 years old . 
  why do n't i feel good about it . 
  please ask him about this before he dies . 
  sons is heal lane ? 
  do n't think so . 
  i think no competent sona in high elo will max w . if you want this pick nami or soraka . 
  if you know any master or challenger support main who plays healbot sona regularly let me know . 
  haha are you serous ? 
  everyone and their mother builds them now . 
  mobis are what became useless recently . 
  yeah there are more mobis than before this patch but swifties are still very very common and usable . 
  what is ig ? 
  and i just wanted to join !, 
  i 'm a super sad panda right now . 
  farming is completely fine with all this ad when you are used to lasthit on supports with no ad whatsoever . 
  i just ca n't get attack move for the life of mine . 
  generally this whole dealing damage thing feels weird : ) . 
  plus laning with worse support player is tilting . 
  i do n't have any dilemma here , i just ban blitzcrank every fucking time : p, 
  wow . 
  i love this comment . 
  tell it to madlife i guess ? 
  it 's beautiful . 
  yes you can build it after first item and it 'll work just fine . 
  mikael 's and morello are both ok as well . 
  i would recommend learning not to spam and rushing sheen before any mana item though . 
  would be nice , but i do n't have an iphone : / . 
  no fb friends are willing to play on my level apparently . 
  either far below or far above me . 
  thanks : ), 
  i play rather seriously , no problem with some jokes but i still play to win/learn . 
  if that 's ok by you drop me a pm . 
  yeah but usually also a fake stabbing is needed ? ... 
  no problem . 
  you will be surprised how much damage does her q + aa once you get sheen early enough . 
  but if you are behind be ready to fallback to safer items . 
  have fun : ), 
  yeah how can a support have gold and deal damage !, 
  barbecue ? 
  people dodging left and right because `` bad dragon rng '' . 
  ca n't pick anything which does n't win early game because `` dude we have to get this first dragon or ure reported '' . 
  certain comps have advantage from this information and others are screwed . 
  terrible idea . 
  dragon rng is fine as it is , when noone can be sure which ones will be spawned . 
  you mean more lucian ? 
  yeah i love him being 100 % pick/ban , make it 105 % please . 
  no it 's not . 
  you underestimate utility . 
  this is flat movement speed goddammit . 
  no item in game can give you this . 
  even with final build 24 % ap/ad on a carry means you oneshot people with 2 spells/aas instead of 3 . 
  more flat ms means that no champ in the other team can ever catch up to you and your team has incredible advantage in terms of map control .
