  oh god lol . 
  i just bought a cup , it 's medium hard but i can totally see this happening to me . 
  thank you for this psa , it will certainly get used . 
  what the hell is wrong with all your mothers , people :'( . 
  it 's terrible that they would n't let you use normal pads for literally no reason . 
  this is terrifying me . 
  like i can be pregnant and not even know ??? 
  holy shit it 's so scary , it makes me wan na do a pregnancy test every week to not miss the 3 months mark . 
  it 's incredible !, 
  a , because it 's so nice and smiles to me !, 
  i 'm not from us . 
  i was so scared that it was not inside and the entire plot will be ruined . 
  as a shipment ? 
  ahhhh dying with her newborn dwarf in her hands and disgust on her face . 
  please make it happen . 
  same goes for margaery ; (, 
  so bran does n't have eight balls now ? 
  look up cute little animals on ravelry , i particularly like sea critters such as octopuses or sharks or something . 
  sure , buddy . 
  whatever comforts you . 
  i mean , it 's not mammoths , but it will do . 
  thinking about it , this metal hand has to get cold as fuck during winter . 
  maybe he should think about getting a wooden one . 
  * shoved a child out of the window, 
  * raped cersei, 
  * killed his cousin, 
  yeah he was no saint . 
  she would help him protect jon better . 
  it was n't very good situation to have the woman who interacted with him every day hostile and unhelpful . 
  after ned 's death there was noone to tell jon about his real mother anymore . 
  it 's only sheer luck that he will get to know about this now . 
  i know it might look different in got universe , but in my book what jaime did was rape , what cersei did this season to him was also rape . 
  ok , now i get it , thanks . 
  i almost have n't played at all last month ( played like , idk , 20 games , most in non-sr modes ) and got honor 3 anyway , even though i was n't honored in every game . 
  i think it has more to do with time and consistence than people think . 
  if you do n't give a shit about me having fun , why would i give a shit about you ? 
  what if i do n't find fun in having feeding teammates ? 
  it 's a mode created `` for fun '' , but not for people like me to have fun specifically ? 
  it 's not like i want people to 100 % tryhard , but maybe like actually trying to win instead of straight up trolling ? 
  ca n't you just start having fun like everybody else ? 
  yeah yeah , i 'm `` the type '' , whatever . 
  love it when people pigeonhole me for no reason . 
  i never said anything about losing lanes or making suboptimal decisions , i was talking about trolling . 
  in ranked , i completely agree with you , in normals , meh . 
  if i go 0/10 , i wo n't tryhard for people who do n't even respect the fact that i 'm wasting my time not having fun only for them to be happy . 
  if they flame me for losing lane or something , i go to afk farm , if they do n't , i 'm gon na play to win the best i can . 
  which often does n't help anyway , but if tryharding is gon na make some nice person happy , i have nothing against it . 
  i would call trolling repeated attempts to use a `` fun strategy '' that just does n't work - going into enemy jungle to 1v3 , suiciding to towers , buying completely random items , trying solo barons - multiple times and to no effect , because that 's what somebody finds `` fun '' in urf smh . 
  if it works , even if not very optimally , it 's not trolling . 
  if it does n't work but someone says they will gon na do it anyway for the 5th time because it 's `` fun '' , it 's trolling . 
  by random items i mean actually random , not unusual builds . 
  some people just want to watch themselves burn . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  then you 're a troll in my book . 
  it could be like half a liter of blood ( two glasses ) . 
  not exactly good for you but also not life threatening . 
  you should n't need his permission to divorce him . 
  but it 's nice that he 's given it , use it . 
  this sub will advise literally everyone to break up . 
  you better chill , take a step back and not do anything stupid that you 'd regret because some stranger said so . 
  why do you think that disrespect will continue ? 
  do you think people do n't ever learn or improve ? 
  dude , ok , she did something stupid and wrong , then apologized when she realized what she 's done . 
  it 's not like adult people do n't ever do mistakes and people in relationship can never do anything wrong or it 's instantly totally over . 
  this sub is really exaggerating sometimes . 
  i get a feeling like this is a misunderstanding and she did n't intend to make this situation so uncomfortable for you . 
  of course you feel hurt and treated badly , because you were . 
  but if your girlfriend is really sorry and willing to improve , and makes you happy otherwise , then , i mean , seriously wtf can she do better ? 
  not make stupid mistakes ever ? 
  because this ai n't gon na happen as long as you are dating actual humans and not perfect robots . 
  by the way you are not perfect either and you will want forgiveness from someone one day too . 
  you found a flaw in your girlfriend . 
  you can investigate and try to understand why did she even think it was okay at the moment ? 
  what was her motive to make you come back there and then ignore you ? 
  what can she do to improve in the future ? 
  can you deal with her making mistakes sometimes because of reasons that you identified ? 
  do you want her to drop the reasons altogether ? 
  for me it sounds like it was a mix of her wanting to spend time with you / being curious about her ex / wanting to behave like her friends expect her to . 
  this is all normal , not malicious , not unhealthy , just unfortunate mix that lead up to a disaster from your standpoint . 
  maybe she should have prioritize you or be more rational about your feelings in general . 
  but seriously , this can be improved . 
  if op is divorced then it 's an indicator that he actually values his life and happiness over his kid 's needs to have daddy and mommy as close to him as possible . 
  divorce might be better for the kid in the long run ( comparing to having unhappy/abusive parents in a failed marriage ) , but it 's typically not why you want a divorce in the first place . 
  they are not paying taxes in us ? 
  eh ... you do n't need to be strong or fierce or have a revenge in the first place to feel okay . 
  hey , op , you sound a lot like my boyfriend who has asperger 's too . 
  your social situation judgement is skewed , you are not sure what is acceptable or not , you read too much into other 's behavior and then you are never sure if you 're even right . 
  truth is , most neurotypical people do n't know this stuff either . 
  living in society is hard because what is right for you may seem wrong for other person . 
  you need to constantly read other people and readjust and everyone will make mistakes . 
  this is hard thing to do , and not everyone gets this either . 
  you are not alone or weird . 
  you should work towards feeling comfortable , and not only follow some social norms that you do n't understand . 
  you are not your asperger 's , but you 're probably always going to have special needs in terms of straightforward communication . 
  you need to find people who accept and understand that . 
  and they do exist . 
  i think what you want the most is to have stable feedback about yourself and other 's , just like feedback you are trying to get here . 
  this is a wrong place though , we do n't know you at all , your descriptions do n't tell much about your behavior , only about your low self-esteem . 
  my advice for you :, 
  * be yourself , literally .
