  i 'm sure they already know about these accounts . 
  but banning the accounts would n't change absolutely anything . 
  probably they just have n't found satisfying solution of this problem yet . 
  edit : downvoting people , please explain how banning a botted feeding account will stop a bot from making a new account and feeding just like before . 
  there 's so much space for improvement . 
  no wonder he 's in bronze . 
  banning the accounts wo n't help , so there 's no reason to do that . 
  i mean , i could believe that if it was just a feeding bot , but naming it `` killtaiwanese '' and doing creepy videos is just too much . 
  i do n't think botted accounts get banned that fast , otherwise there would n't be any lvl30 accounts market . 
  you can just run one `` innocent '' bot to level an account , then run the malicious one to feed in rankeds . 
  easy . 
  i would be surprised if these people would n't have tens of leveled botted accounts stocked up just in case . 
  all right , my point is that you can kill an account , but you ca n't kill a bot . 
  if bot 's capacity is feeding simultaneously on 10 accounts , and you ban one of them , bot just takes another leveled account out of the drawer and you still have 10 feeding accounts . 
  no difference is made . 
  to get rid of feeding accounts once and for all you actually need to kill the bot . 
  but to actually kill the feeding bot you would need to get rid of bots leveling the infinite supply of fresh accounts for it . 
  and as far as we know that ai n't gon na happen any time soon . 
  i do n't want them to play , and i want riot to do something about them very much . 
  i just do n't think banning accounts will change anything . 
  if it was a viable solution of feeding bots problem i would be all for it . 
  but it 's not . 
  i agree , it would be best if leveling bots did n't exist at all . 
  but they exist , and i think riot allows that on purpose for some reason that i do n't fully understand . 
  i do n't defend this . 
  fully agreed . 
  and we can speculate why riot allows botted accounts to exist ( for some time periods at least ) but they wo n't admit anything so it 's kinda empty discussion . 
  maybe it 's good maybe it 's bad decision . 
  without riot 's data we wo n't know . 
  how does that matter if bot feeds on current account or on an another leveled account ? 
  banning leveled and sold accounts makes sense because it discourages people from buying accounts . 
  banning botted feeding accounts changes nothing because it does n't discourage bot from being run . 
  the bot 's goal is not to have an account but to feed in as many games as possible . 
  i mean i do n't really care , they can ban them , whatever , but that just wo n't solve the problem . 
  it 's not a solution . 
  does n't matter if you force bot to switch accounts if it keeps feeding the same on all of them . 
  leveling bots are a thing , and we know that leveled accounts get banned in waves every few months . 
  if you already use a malicious feeding bot , you can use a `` harmless '' leveling bot too . 
  players have limited time and money in their lifes that they value , and can get discouraged if it gets wasted by their bad behavior ( money or time invested in account disappears ) . 
  bot does n't care how long it 's run and on which account , the only limit is resources of the person who 's running it . 
  i do n't really think banning accounts can discourage a botter . 
  at the `` worst '' they can create fresh accounts and feed in sub-lvl30 games , which i do n't think is much better situation honestly . 
  ip bans ai n't a thing , and for good reasons . 
  i do n't think your reasoning is well grounded here . 
  itt : people who know everything about security measures needed to stop bots from trolling games . 
  i do n't give a damn about botter . 
  i want botter to stop trolling but as far as i know banning the accounts wo n't really help to achieve that . 
  i might be wrong but if i was a botter with strong intention to ban people 's games banning the accounts would n't stop me . 
  i think it was confirmed somewhere that this botter had tens of accounts banned and he stil runs feeder bot in countless games so i do n't think it 's groundless assumption from my side . 
  and yet they ban bots in waves . 
  i wonder why do they do that in your opinion ? 
  nice one . 
  tsm is always cute . 
  great chart , except in reality this difference would be overridden by thickness of these lines . 
   without the old man and his weird crystal ball of course, 
  no , i want my old man back !!, 
  when maxed e  w  q he 's very strong in a right teamcomp . 
  wayyy too much mobility , awesome cc and and no real punishment for being out of position . 
  something like leona/alistar on steroids . 
  i think he can be super oppressive , but ca n't be picked every time . 
  wombo combo and burst comps work the best . 
  as a frontend dev i can confirm this is super hard . 
  we work in a team with designers , so we can point out countless flaws to our designers all day long , and yet our clients often manage to find some obvious problems that we never would think about . 
  yeah who would expect that after bio came to the top side blue to let peanut know that svenskeren is at his bot side blue at the moment . 
  maybe he 's missing the purple ghost pupper : (, 
  let me join !, 
  in poland this joke is told like this :, 
  he was dead the second lee landed q , i think his best bet was to run down to skt base and not give an assist . 
  two buffs on lee would n't be as tragic as on faker 's ori . 
  he had his laners coming there too so there was no risk for him . 
  wherever kha decided to fight him there would be 1v2 . 
  oh my god so smooth, 
  i remember being able to literally 1v5 for ages with tk jungle , building every hp item in the shop and doing couple hundred magic damage on every aa with sated devourer . 
  loved that shit lol . 
  but who ? 
  i 'm not sure , but i think it should be possible to do correctly with just css . 
  i hate it when whole teams have to suffer for one person 's bad behavior , but i hope it 's for the better . 
  death threats in soloq are too much . 
  it 's super sad story . 
  it sounds pretty inhumane what your grandma did ... at this point , if you are so clueless so you are going to starve and freeze the bird to death , even just leaving it there does n't sound very worse ... 
  but this game never required listening to your teammates ??? 
  therefore willingness to listen to your teammates never was an issue ?? 
  see trinity force podcast - episode 259 . 
  rito confirmed there that a woman in voice chat means 300 % more toxicity , even if you compare a woman and a man saying exactly the same things . 
  as a woman i can confirm i had the weirdest and most gross interactions when joining voice chat with strangers . 
  sometimes it was okay , sometimes it was terrible , overall i most definitely wo n't play with voice chat enabled , if it becomes a thing . 
  it 's incredible , well played !, 
  \\  50 % of population is priviledged, 
  \\  the other 50 % of population is discriminated, 
  \\  `` it 's an exposure issue '', 
  dude wtf ure smoking xd, 
  you are * exposed * literally equally to women and men all day every day . 
  it 's purely cultural which gender you * acknowledge * more . 
  this is how he speaks . 
  but you have no idea what 's happening in his head in this time . 
  actually applies to all people that appear slow , shy , quiet and disconnected from reality . 
  sure , may be just a joke , my point was that `` the essential is invisible to the eyes '' . 
  if you think it will be bad , you can always comfort yourself that for women it will be thrice as bad . 
  can confirm , was taken for a boy . 
  stop being a woman .
