  those are not a reason to pick her . 
  seriously she will be totally shit tier after those changes . 
  she had one job , now nobody will have this job and other things are done better by other supports . 
  she sounds like a bad nothing now : ( . 
  make a dedicated healer , then nerf her heal and remove her from the game , fuck logical design decisions . 
  hooray , now she ca n't do anything better than nami and sona . 
  yep . 
  if they hate her so much why even bother to pretend they care about soraka players . 
  just tell them the plain `` fuck you '' already . 
  yep . 
  she would be shit tier with no reason to pick instead of nami and sona . 
  even now there barely exist any . 
  ranked solo queue is supposed to be a measure of one player 's skill . 
  you do n't have to be aggressive . 
  duo is still less than half of a team . 
  one additional guy you take with you is not that much of a factor . 
  if you do n't play duo all the time system should be able to place you in a fair place of the ladder . 
  however with dynamic queue 1 . you can get 3 friends to boost you or communicate with you and they will be actually important factor because they are majority of the team 2 . if you play multiple dynamic queues and no solo it will be super hard to determine what rank/mmr you actually deserve . 
  thanks for sensible comment man : ), 
  statistically people give stuff to actual beggars tho , to the point of it being a nice paid job in some places ( well if you do n't mind begging ) . 
  and giving money actually costs something while giving honor costs nothing . 
  even if i report a guy who begs after every game he will probably receive 10 times more honors than me . 
  honestly it feels kind of terrible trying to be a decent person and not beg like an idiot but knowing that people who are not decent make more `` profit '' than me . 
  demoralizng . 
  na only ? 
  jhin : `` your music lacks the cruelty of a masterpiece . '', 
  i 'd take 6 item sona over 6 item raka anytime . 
  so just remove her already . 
  rework her entire identity , whatever . 
  it 's an elephant in a room . 
  spoiler to the game not from this thread , thanks - . -, 
  the dream, 
  yup exactly . 
  it 's not only bard being super badly played , but also being a bad pick for this comp . 
  rek ` sai and tahm suck as teamfighters and bard 's ult main purpose is to make a teamfight happen . 
  he works best with mobile carries who can immediately go in like jax and irelia and so on , not the fat guys who barely can move . 
  this applies not only to his ult but entire kit . 
  fuck you too, 
  your choices for masteries are super weird . 
  dangerous game instead of bandit ??? 
  and no perseverance on soraka ??? 
  actually the whole third tree for janna/nami/soraka looks like an exact opposite of what it should be lol . 
  it 's not only my opinion or something but what pros build and what actually makes sense on those champs . 
  i mean i do n't know , some people build hpregen and take weird runes with it on raka and other seem to not really care . 
  i think this mastery is more a preference actually . 
  cd on summoners is of course amazing as well . 
  her *, 
  we wow now ? 
  not really . 
  there will be no more old draft , it 'll be new draft everywhere . 
  or you will get a bunch of random 1200-2200 mmr guys after a 15 minutes of waiting . 
  i do n't know how to refer to ranks anymore ... ), 
  wtf is this ? 
  it 's amazing ?? 
  yes , it 's actually necessary so premades of 4 people could find a solo player to make a full team . 
  i could n't find people who are similar elo/age/skill / language/enagement to play with me and i decided i wo n't bother anymore , i can do fine solo and still play normals with people three leagues above me . 
  meh , do n't ask questions , you are irrelevant . 
  na na uber alles, 
  edit : i should probably note that i 'm from eune and salty, 
  if you know some people from eune , 1400 mmr , silver/gold , polish/english speaking , 20-25 + years old , not raging or trolling ever , watching lcs and interested in theorycrafting , let me know . 
  i know a lot of people who are either disappointing to play with , disappointing to talk with or awesome guys but plat/diamond . 
  i love playing with them , but i ca n't play ranked with them yet ... 
  damn it 'll be 2 am in the europe !, 
  i ca n't stay up for so long , i got a job , i 'm now so sad i ca n't participate damnnn : ( ( (, 
  still super cool it got organized , hope you guys will have fun ... 
  flat ap instead of magic pen marks will be better in a lot of cases . 
  especially supports but not only . 
  still it depends on scalings and if enemy builds mr or not . 
  i am now ok with missing the joke . 
  i mean why should i even care if rengar gets 2 less base armor ? 
  oh my god, 
  wait a sec . 
  were n't 3 champ shards supposed to give one random permanent champ ? 
  hah right , it just got reverted on pbe so i misunderstood that . 
  yeah ap supports are like special kind but generally you will prefer cdr on traditional tank/utility supps . 
  you made me awwwww when i saw a motherfucking blitzcrank . 
  well done . 
  and i 've never felt like this before, 
  why is everything only na . 
  fuck my life coz i 'm from some third world continent called europe . 
  you need to install res in your browser ( just google it ), 
  oh my god . 
  this . 
  meh annie who is behind quickly becomes a big minion running around . 
  yeah assuming that without a midlaner you can drag the game to the point when one stun is more important than 20 minutes of not doing anything meaningful . 
  me too : (, 
  yet winning by picking a good teamcomp is literally the easiest way to win . 
  why not ? 
  drag the game long enough and after two aces loosing lanes suddenly does n't matter . 
  teamwork , teamcomp and coordination    champion mastery and won lanes . 
  edit : lol apparently i forgot this game is all about carrying , kda , ks and mid or feed , sorry guys . 
  people who do n't want to teamwork do n't mean that teamwork is useless . 
  of course better to have people not tilted than tilted , but not everyone tilts at 0/2 in lane . 
  personally i only tilt when my team wins lanes and instead of pushing to nexus they chase kills and lose turrets slowly losing the lead . 
  like coin and fqc do n't help entire teams to engage/disengage . 
  yeah but ms is kinda core stat for udyr , it 's like you said adc is useless without ad ... 
  what about changing him when he becomes a problem instead of taking away his identity for no real reason ... 
  no man , he has multiple paths like on-hit glassdyr , godyr , phoenix tank , tiger , he can build ap , ad , damage , tank , whatever , with different runes and masteries and all possible jungle enchantments . 
  he has definitely [ more than two possible build paths ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/comments/40fqx3/lets_discuss_udyr_builds/cytzaze ) , which demand completely different playstyles and skills . 
  of course not all are really `` optimal '' and easy to master but all can be scary in some circumstances .
