  i noticed recently that a lot of pros build cdr boots . 
  i got really used to buying mobility boots on literally every support i play , even tanks , it 's my personal cookiecutter i guess . 
  i wonder if there is some pattern where you want more early cdr instead of movement speed or if there 's been some shift in meta i did n't notice ? 
  should i try to change my playstyle ? 
  ( it 's not even a playstyle like an actual choice , i just got used to it . ), 
  hey guys . 
  i 'm ranked silver 3/2 , i do n't play much rankeds . 
  i love supports like bard , sona , soraka , nami or janna . 
  i am more passive than not and i like the most doing small , nonflashy things which slowly add up . 
  of course good ult or sona sick burst is also very nice , but it 's not what i want to do all the time ( like midlaners have to for example ) . 
  i often buy very `` supportive '' items with auras and try to peel and be helpful for my carries in teamfights . 
  i feel like i have no real impact on my ranked games though . 
  i can carry a lane for my adc ... and when i 'm not around he derps and dies . 
  i can ward objectives ... and my team derps and gives them away for free . 
  i can ward jungle , try to make a pick , and nobody follows or they go in one by one to die to three enemies there . 
  even when i think i know what should be done ( catch this guy , take this dragon ) i ca n't do this on my own . 
  i usually have so low damage i ca n't even push a wave of minions : |, 
  one time i played a normal with four friends as soraka and even though it was super easy for me and i was super fed i still was unable to carry it on my own . 
  i healed the shit out of them , they derped around and without me were dying immediately , after 50 minutes i got so tired i thrown the game  < ( ... they did n't even notice . ), 
  on the other hand i got out of bronze playing almost only annie as a botlane ap carry with sightstone . 
  my point is , is it possible for me to climb without changing my favourite way of playing ? 
  would faker as support soraka carry harder ? 
  is it even possible to carry silver games while not playing an actual carry or playmaker ? 
  is soloq about playing well or about playing well as a carry ? 
  how can i have higher impact on my games ? 
  hey , can you guys please give me some general advice how to use my red trinket pre - and post-9 ? 
  i tend to use it very rarely because enemy wards are , you know , invisible and it 's easy to forget about them ... of course i know i should sweep objectives , i usually sweep bushes in my jungle where enemies just have been , and in preparation for a gank , but other than that i 'm kinda clueless ... 
  when there 's nothing important to ward i just go and drop some random deep wards and they sometimes get useful , where do i sweep when i do n't know exactly where should i sweep ? 
  i recently realized that what keeps me from being a better player are probably terrible mechanics . 
  i can farm quite well even with ap supports and i can sometimes land skills precisely when it 's only one skillshot . 
  but i ca n't time them super well and i get lost when i have to perform some combo fast . 
  i ca n't play assassins , i ca n't control ori ball well or anivia w -  q or e -  r for my life . 
  i ca n't learn attack move no matter how much i try in customs . 
  i ca n't even time janna tornado corectly to stop dashes :( . 
  when i have too much skills or actives which need to be played in almost the same time i end up smashing keyboard and hoping something good happens . 
  i learned a few basic combos on my champs , like sona q -  aa , but when you need to be creative with your skills like with ori and lulu i get lost and do random stuff . 
  it 's not a new problem for me , i always despised games which required performing some precise mechanical combos , and i ended up playing mostly point and click adventure games lol . 
  i basically gave up my carry career at this point ( even though i loved adc ) and now i play mostly supports and tanks . 
  i pick champs with high cd high impact skills like bard , spammable like sona , or not giving a shit like tahm . 
  i do n't mind it but i wonder if it 's possible to play this game like this ... 
  i feel crippled and i do n't even have the time to sit in customs and practice this fucking a-move over and over ... 
  sometimes i know that i should go in with this sona flash ult but i 'm too scared i will mess it up and i do nothing . 
  is there any hope for me , or should i either give up or find the time and practice ? 
  i do n't ask for advice how to improve mechanics but answer if it 's possible to be a good player if i apparently ca n't learn them ... 
  edit : if any of you cared to help me to practice in customs on eune server i would be more than grateful . 
  my ign is the same as here , senthe . 
  sighstone nerfed , wards from yellow trinket duration nerfed , green wards gone . 
  there 's not much to sweep . 
  sweeper nerfed so it does n't give true vision and is less valuable overall . 
  pink wards super cheap so you can always have one or expect someone to bring one for objective sweep . 
  blue trinkets however got buffed : you can have any amount of short-cd long-range blue wards on map . 
  with the new approach `` vision is supposed to be temporary , in areas you need it '' even one hp on them does n't seem like a problem . 
  i feel like red trinkets are now really needed only on junglers who gank a lot . 
  it seems super legit for me to bring blue trinket in as a support to provide more vision in crucial moments - and more vision overall since some of these wards will last a while longer . 
  and when you really really need to sweep area you can always use a cheap pink . 
  did you guys try this ? 
  the bug was explained in this thread :, 
  meanwhile brand became pick/ban and his ult wrecks people in the middle of minion waves . 
  this is a very significant bug ruining thousands of games daily in the brand players ' favor . 
  why is brand not disabled ? 
  will it be fixed in the next patch ? 
  what is going on riot ? 
  for example :, 
  here 're my current runepages : http://eune.op.gg/summoner/username=senthe, 
  i 'd like to have runes for :, 
  bard, 
  tahm kench support, 
  tahm kench top/jungle, 
  leona, 
  udyr jungle, 
  tristana, 
  jinx, 
  teemo top, 
  i think i should get ap blues and third ap quint for ap supports , two armor quints for rammus , and probably more yellows to choose from but no idea which . 
  also probably some weird hpregen for soraka . 
  still not what is adc runepage for this season and if i got correctly ad/as balance . 
  let me know what you think . 
  this guy udyr . 
  he can build warrior , cinderhulk or devourer . 
  max q or r. 
  take any masteries and almost any runes . 
  he can be a tank , bruiser or even hypercarry . 
  he will probably want some cdr and as , and then ? 
  he can build tank , he can build damage , ap or ad , mpen or armorpen ... 
  what 's the deal with udyr ? 
  what are his truly optimal builds and playstyles ? 
  one would be probably the famous trick2g godyr , but it 's not the only way to play him , right ? 
  are there any udyr specialists who would share some thoughts ? 
  edit : i 'm interested also about playstyles : powerfarming ? 
  early ganks ? 
  splitpush ? 
  initiation ? 
  peel ? 
  running around spamming roars and being obnoxious ? 
  what do you suggest ? 
   earn locked mastery chests by performing well across a variety of champions or as part of a team . 
  ** when you or someone in your premade party earns any s rank , you 'll acquire a chest . 
  you can earn up to four chests each month , and each champion you play can earn you one chest per season . 
   you 'll see which champs you 're eligible for in champ select and on your champ details page . 
  why is there limit per champ ?
