  so most of the time i stay quiet , but sometimes overflow and say something mean while being very annoyed by a random silly thing . 
  maybe your husband feels similar , maybe there 's actually multiple times a day he does n't say anything , and then this one time when he bursts out because of accumulated anxiety and anger . 
  maybe ask him . 
  it sounds like he 's really angry honestly . 
  getting angry over a meal is definitely irrational , but not necessarily a sign of disrespect towards a specific person . 
  she 's not acting weird . 
  the sister is acting weird . 
  how the fuck is it normal to invite your younger brother to a date with your gf , multiple times , one year into the relationship ? 
  ok , so this is a nice bunch of code that can generate a shitton of extends . 
  now what 's the use case ? 
   thanks , me . 
  oh my god this is gon na be like this for all of us , right ? 
  maybe she should try having measles and chickenpox before her innocent children . 
  i mean , because it 's so healthy !, 
  admittedly it 's his problem and not yours . 
  you do n't do anything particularly wrong . 
  but this kind of anxiety i think can not be simply stopped without some sort of therapy . 
  people do n't always get to choose what they feel , only how they deal with it . 
  and constant discomfort will eventually get the worst out of anyone . 
  it 's like , someone you know eats junk food , smokes , leads stressful life , and eventually has a heart attack . 
  yeah , it 's completely their fault for getting to this point , they should have seek help and improved their health , but still mid heart attack they do n't need lectures , but calling an ambulance and saving their life . 
  you are responsible for saving people who literally can not save themselves at the moment . 
  it 's not `` suicide is their choice '' it 's `` depression is a deadly disease '' . 
  if you ca n't manage a suicidal person yourself , call and ambulance and put them into mental facility , not leave and let them die of mental illness . 
  it 's not like she decides to step into hell only so she can bother him when he 's out having fun . 
  you are not responsible for reading people 's mind , but you are responsible for your reactions to their visible distress . 
  every adult should know what to do when someone has a health crisis : 1 . do n't panic 2 . call an ambulance 3 . get someone to do proper first aid , do it yourself , or do n't do anything if you think you could cause more harm 4 . monitor the situation while waiting for the ambulance to arrive . 
  seriously , it 's not rocket science . 
  especially when you live with someone who you know can get a heart attack , seizure , stroke , or sudden suicidal thoughts , it is your responsibility to get to know what you should do in such case . 
  you ca n't just ignore this stuff because you 're not a doctor . 
  yeah you are not expected to cure someone like a professional , and it 's their problem and their health , but still you should be at least able to protect them during a crisis when they ca n't help themselves . 
  the whole point of mental illness is making you behave unreasonable . 
  you seem to not have any idea what you are talking about . 
  why ? 
  i 've been reading this sub recently and it seemed to me that the advice given there is pretty mixed , am i wrong ? 
  more like oddly terrifying . 
  pick me !, 
  pick me !, 
  pick me !, 
  seriously though , / u/bonus _ action _ , i think i could do that , if you 're interested hit me up . 
  i mean , what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  who would you suggest to ask for advice instead ? 
  i was here . 
  i find value in reading 100 anonymous different opinions when i try to make up my mind about something . 
  relationships are something we all have after all , and it seems appropriate to me to ask a bunch of random people how would they deal with something . 
  thanks for your insight . 
  a dedicated sub sounds like a good idea for some more specific cases . 
  `` success '' has nothing to do with intelligence , knowledge or wisdom . 
  here , i solved it for you . 
  i 'm 23 and i seem to be figuratively unable to maintain eye contact when i talk to anyone . 
  is that really needed ? 
  does it throw off normal people ? 
  are you one of those people who stare furiously at me when we small talk about weather ? 
  if so , then oh my god , please stop, 
  ok , thanks , that works for me . 
  yep . 
  most of these tips are garbage , and ones that are not are not `` advanced '' but very basic . 
  like you have to literally never play bard to not know the last two tips for q. 
  i never use smart cast on portals and still most of my portals are garbage : |, 
  good bot, 
  hey you are not the bot , where 's the bot, 
  no its not, 
  or what ? 
  how do people build projects like this ? 
  it 's great . 
  but i mean , you do that voxel by voxel ? 
  fuck all those horror stories . 
  i 'm never wearing contacts again . 
  by the way she handles her eyes i 'd say she should be grateful to have one eye . 
  yeah ... you like that , you fucking retard ? 
  to be specific , most of the time keyboards will register proper keycode , which is a number , that is translated to a proper key by your os . 
  numbers sent by different keyboards , especially for function keys , may slightly vary - this is why there can be some issues while using mac keyboard with windows and vice versa . 
  it 's possible though that for some completely messed up or foreign keyboard the sent keycode could be completely wrong . 
  oh come on, 
  who do you mean cersei , jaime and tommen killed ? 
  somehow bran always figures out yet whole new ways to fuck everything up . 
  he literally broke up with you and is not willing to work on your relationship . 
  do n't waste energy trying to fix it . 
  thanks for clarification !, 
  wow . 
  i would play that . 
  so ardent censer works with her e now smh ? 
  i love you . 
  you ca n't just recreate the master . 
  i did nahhhht, 
  it 's still way better than the other way around . 
  oh wow oh wow i 've always wanted to become a wizardess omg thanks, 
  beauty . 
  you can dash inside camille 's ult . 
  so it would be actually stronger in this regard . 
  gosh i 'm so mad for you . 
  you should not be grateful , you should be pissed . 
  this is not acceptable in any way . 
  do you imagine an adult , for example your father or uncle , being treated like this ? 
  his private stuff thrown away and his room repainted more `` manly '' ? 
  this is because they are n't dependent on your mother , they are grownups , so they are harder to abuse . 
  and only because of that . 
  you are susceptible and have n't learned to stand up for yourself yet , so she thinks she can freely try and `` correct '' anything she does n't like in you . 
  we girls do n't get socialized to get mad , you were only taught that you should be quiet , grateful , polite and kind .
