  good luck with vocalizing different opinions from hell . 
  * throws money at the computer *, 
  damn code why do n't you work !!, 
   slightly, 
  make it dance, 
  lol sorry , i completely forgot about sighstone , wondering why do i have so much slots to fill : ^ ), 
  i 'm not sure if you are aware how much recent changes changed teemo 's playstyle . 
  about contributing as a supp/top , i think you are wrong . 
  as a top you have a lane to hold on your own , as a supp you can freely roam and make as much map pressure as possible all the time . 
  i do n't think with recent changes teemo top will be viable anymore , with new shrooms generally his damage does n't mean much if he gets all-inned . 
  staying visible in lane is wasting a lot of his shifted power pool . 
  i feel like running around in the bushes as a * swift scout * will become only way to play him . 
  i just like playing off-meta picks ( and to watch the world burn ) . 
  also the power of the new teemo is actually yet undiscovered ; this is my approach . 
  lastly , i know that teemo is not annie ( lol ? 
  ) , i 'm just saying that you can be squishy ap support without heals , shields and any spells buffing teammates and still be effective . 
  it 's too old . 
  except it 's game designers ' responsibility to make games fun , not players . 
  if the game is not fun for me i will find another . 
  and i 'm pretty sure if i was forced into grinding mechanics to get out of bronze i would leave this game asap , it would be boring and awful experience . 
   out of 100 games i played , someone was mad at me for not using voice chat 2 times . 
   i only remember one guy saying that i should use voice chat , and he was n't even mad , he just casually said i should . 
   no , it does n't create pressure . 
  so i guess we need such a poll on r/lol . 
  i did n't want it , but it 's probably impossible to believe since every redditor is supposed to have the same opinion ... 
  i 'd rather `` grind '' by playing the game than by sitting alone and practicing flash ults like a creep . 
   you think a feature that literally millions of people would benefit from is a bad idea, 
  haha yeah . 
  trillions of players on the hundreds of planets vs only myself , ah silly me . 
  so you think that existence of sandbox mode would n't affect people who would n't use it ? 
  lol . 
  we have visible ranks so i see no problem . 
  tl ; dw : rito we rly need sandbox mode to practice wtf is wrong with you + bunch of analogies, 
  playing league does n't mean benefitting from a sandbox mode . 
  it 's like saying that dominion mode should be a priority because millions of people would benefeit from it . 
  except it 's actually dozens . 
  existence of sandbox mode would increase mechanical skill floor required to climb in ranked ladder . 
  i hate grinding mechanics and mechanically intensive champions and plays , so i would have harder time adjusting to this competitive environment . 
  i 'd prefer league to be as low mechanically challenging as possible and think it is a shame that champions/strategies requiring ping < 20 instead of thinking ( slower ) do exist . 
  hey , but who would n't love a world in which player with most assists automatically gets mvp ? 
  can be even best kill participation or something , let 's promote teamwork, 
  / r/lol : 1 % of playerbase , certainly not even * a * million, 
  rest of the players : go and ask them bro . 
  go and ask them . 
  i explained it elsewhere . 
   existence of sandbox mode would increase mechanical skill floor required to climb in ranked ladder . 
  i hate grinding mechanics and mechanically intensive champions and plays , so i would have harder time adjusting to this competitive environment . 
  i prefer lol to be as much strategically interesting and as low mechanically complicated/flashy as possible . 
  sandbox mode offers practicing mechanics but not teamwork and strategy which is imo the most important part of the game ( and player 's skill as well !, 
  i reported champselect trolls like that 3 times , every time i got response saying `` dodging is bad and you should n't do it '' lol . 
  why is it wrong ? 
  it 's saying `` i want more casual fun than boring competitiveness '' . 
  also , the sandbox mode would be clearly focused on the mechanical aspect of individual 's skill . 
  if it would be possible to create a mode in which we could practice for example teamwork , pinging and supporting each other , i would be all for it . 
  oh wait , it 's called normals . 
  now , do you have any idea why do we have a practicing mode for teamwork but do n't have for mechanics and how does that affect the playerbase and the game ? 
  at least not always . 
  as a mage you do n't want to be in the middle of the enemy team . 
  abyssal is for ap champs who have to get into enemy team to be effective , like diana or amumu . 
  on lux or xerath it would be wasted . 
  hey its me his brother, 
  what did you do ? 
  even reddit hates reddit, 
  this . 
  i would be actually curious what part of load of the servers are botted accounts playing co-op vs ai 24/7 . 
  thanks , it means a lot for me, 
  lol we had 123810278912 rants about wanting more lore . 
  then you have lore and a group of people starts rants about prioritizing something else . 
  you will never make everyone happy at the same time . 
   it 's far easier to get high kill participation on support than any other role . 
  depends on support , also not true . 
  damn dude, 
  wow . 
  thank you . 
  you can dodge whenever you like if you are willing to take consequences . 
  you can report anyone for anything . 
  hovewer if you do this a lot and other players do n't agree with your reports , your reports start to mean nothing . 
  nunu is not trying to win with his choices , therefore trolling . 
  it 's not necessary , just like with regular reports . 
  you just report and leave for the system to find out if your report was legit . 
  running down midlane into the turret at level 1 is also an option , he should n't be punished for choosing to make his champion move in certain way . 
  more easily than those that you can freely give to 9 other people at the end of every game ? 
  the point is there is no notification about it . 
  lol . 
  i guess not notifying about up item is ok but about op item not ok ? 
  what kind of logic is it ? 
  no , there is n't . 
  [ eune english client . 
  die less , ward more , do more damage . 
  yayyy now i 'm ready to go challenger : p, 
  it 's a bug with my client then . 
  edit : or rather , the eune client . 
  it 's not hilarious , i tried to build it like 3 times before i remembered it 's not possible . 
  it 's kind like muscle memory . 
  tried , nothing happened : ^ ), 
  eune , as stated in multiple comments ... 
  but more serious thing , can we set surrender box to be closed as soon as we vote ? 
  or at least have an `` x '' to close it manually ??? 
  it covers a big part of the screen and pisses me off to the point i sometimes move it out of the screen . 
  rito please : (,
