  if you did n't need to convince people of this , people would n't be advocating killing black people or the mistreatment of women . 
  but they are . 
  really ? 
  because i know bazillion of people who say `` i 'm not a feminist , but i totally believe women are equal humans '' . 
  i think that most people who are not members of blm are not racist either and do n't literally wish for black people to die . 
  majority of population is indifferent about the topic and simply not involved in either blm or alm or kkk . 
  but still i think most people are ok with black people not being shot . 
   some people might see it that way . 
  it 's not about your intention . 
  therefore i do n't have anything to do with that , do i ? 
  maybe they had a bad day ? 
  maybe they have some internal feelings that make them pissed when i say `` ah , a good weather we have today '' . 
  all i can do is be decent person and say stuff that is ok to say . 
  if someone gets pissed about that , it 's not my responsibility . 
   if i do n't like you , the majority does n't like you , and you want to be liked , it sounds like you have the problem . 
  but i do n't want to be liked . 
  going with my analogy : if i like apples , then i want laws that make apples cheaper for example ( because i think they are unfairly taxed way too high for no reason ) , and not for everyone to like apples too . 
  you can hate apples for all i care , if apples will have a fair price and you will let me eat them in peace . 
  maybe when they are really cheap you will develop a taste for them , too ? 
  that 's not my problem though . 
  since you do n't like apples , you are not my ally , and trying to convince someone to like some kind of food feels really futile to me . 
  i just want my fair laws , thanks . 
   the point is , the person with the upper hand is not the one who 's job it is to consider you if they do n't want to . 
  it is your job to convince them of your view . 
  as far as i 'm concerned ( personally ) the only people who need to be convinced are legislators and potential allies who like apples too but did n't really think about protesting on the streets about them having an outrageous price . 
  rest of people is of zero interest to me . 
  he was not fired , he decided to step down . 
  nobody forced him . 
  dude , locodoco jerked off on stream and nobody gave a damn . 
  i do n't think riot would fire anybody over something silly like some stupid nudes . 
  krepo just did n't want to be bullied about it . 
  whatever you want to believe man . 
  i mean , i implement websites for a living , and while i will give advice and so on to the clients , it 's definitely up to them what they do or do n't want on their websites . 
  i 'll probably end up implementing it their way even if it 's the worst idea ever . 
  no problem , have a nice day . 
  why would you want to fall on that ? 
   i do n't think the feminists claim that women are free of biases . 
  not even of biases against women . 
  i 'll bet there are tons of articles in their community telling each other to stop `` perpetuating the patriarchy '' or whatever . 
  correct . 
  patriarchy is a bias . 
  as long as we live in it , it affects everybody , no matter gender . 
  we will all by default demand women to be xyz , and men to be abc . 
  patriarchy is not oppression of women by men . 
  in civilized countries women have equal rights to men - at least theoretically ( i mean because there are missing important laws specific to women , like abortion laws ) . 
  patriarchy is the still lingering bias , it 's the result of this historical oppression that feminists now want to finally get rid of . 
  you can decide yourself if you prefer to treat the two halves of humanity completely different or do you want to get rid of the bias that was implemented into you by society as a child . 
  like with all biases , most people will at first go `` i 'm not biased ! '', 
  but seriously , when you start to think about it , you will probably see that you are indeed biased as fuck . 
  and this is good to know so you can adjust . 
   if the price of sugar became prohibitive the obese would simply eat more fat and protein instead , which are converted into sugar by their bodies anyway . 
  you know that obese people do n't want to actually be obese but ca n't resist eating stupid shit . 
  economical pressure is as good as anything when it comes to changing your habits . 
  if healthy food was cheaper than junk food , i guarantee that some obese people would switch . 
  but that 's not the case whatsoever , junk food is just the cheapest . 
   the poor should be less concerned with the ratio of ( micro ) nutrients/calories than the ratio of calories/dollar spent . 
  no , the most important is the ratio of being full/dollar spent . 
  source : was poor . 
  if it was like you 're saying , poor people would eat literally only 100 % sugar . 
  do you seriously argue that chat in lol is completely useless ? 
  will you answer to their question then ? 
  i 'm curious what kind of argumentation or proof would change your view as well . 
   ask the people ( most people ) who do n't want to do it this way the reason why, 
  they would n't know or have a reason . 
  most people are socialized to believe that consent is not that important . 
  therefore they will obviously believe that consent is not that important . 
  you do n't need to have a special personal reason to believe something . 
  the fact that people around you believe can be enough . 
   i also do n't think that situation would be particularly negatively affected by a short exchange of `` you good ? '', 
  `` yeah . 
  you ? '', 
  `` yeah , '' ( or some variation ) before moving on . 
  it takes next to no time , it changes nothing if you 're both actually into it , and it verifies what you both think you 're reading in the other person . 
  this part really deserves a highlight . 
  it 's really important to communicate with people explicitely when it comes to intimate emotions . 
  it can be very simple check , but you should actually try to get confirmation about what you suspect or assume your so or date feels like . 
  it 's terrible to hurt someone ( or yourself ) only because of misunderstanding , because you assumed something that was n't entirely true . 
  just a quick check when something seems off or complicated can be really important . 
  more people should do this , even outside of sex . 
  it 's about just being mindful and respectful . 
  music from the sims 1 is seriously good . 
  i really recommend it for people who like jazz , especially building themes . 
  ( to be found only on youtube , they were not included in the ost . ), 
  well , i prefer characters to be interesting instead of sexy ... 
  if i wanted it the other way around , i 'd watch porn instead of playing engaging games . 
  i mean , it 's possible to have both , but pretty much impossible to maintain that combination over 50 + characters in the same game . 
  and for a simple reason : `` sexy '' is a trait . 
  give the same trait to too many characters and they start to blend together and get boring . 
  and do n't even dare to say the f-word here . 
  no you do n't understand , they should be allowed to say anything to anyone with zero consequences , and you should shut up because you are violating their human rights by saying things . 
  no , there 's no hypocrisy in there whatsoever / s, 
  how is that even possible ... 
  i 'm not sure if this comment belongs more to / r/iamverysmart , / r/im14andthisisdeep , or / r/totallynotrobots . 
  awww she 's so excited < 3, 
  it appears on the river bottom-side from midlane bush , but only in some small percentage of games . 
  you mean [ this guy ] ( https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_small/0/9116/620154-calvin2.jpg ) ? 
  yeah all these people behaving like hating nb3 was some unpopular opinion here lol . 
  ohgodwhy, 
  i always wanted to feel like greece . 
  the game works fine .
