  i guess something went wrong here lol . 
  this is champ pool question . 
  i feel like optimal for me is narrowing champion pool to like 3 champs for each role and say 10 total max , not playing like 30 things at once just to pick this perfect for teamcomp thing that i ca n't play but also not going yolo onetrickpony because it 's really demanding strat for rankeds and makes it unnecessarily hard to climb . 
  generally one trick ponies are much more successful than people playing too many things , but i would say that 's because the first group is more ambitious and the second looks for more fun , not because the first strategy for rankeds is better . 
  to answer your question : a bad pick can lose your game just like lack of skill with a champion . 
  you have to ask yourself : is your high skill with a champ worth going into unfavorable matchup ? 
  is the great teamcomp worth mistakes you can make because of lack of experience with the champ ? 
  nobody will tell you the one best solution for every situation . 
  i do n't know , maybe if you need a roa or morello + something , then it 's just enough mana gating here . 
  as support :, 
  - usually you should wait with w for some glorious save . 
  in early lane you can also poke with it throwing minions at people . 
  - usually using ult as an engage wo n't work and you will end up with it being like a weak tool for moving faster . 
  you are not doing anything wrong , his ult active is just shit ( especially in soloq ) so do n't overthink it, 
  - like all tanks : do n't get poked , wait for all in . 
  w throw has very good range and damage , so you can use this . 
  - there 's no such thing like a safe engage , you engage or you do n't . 
  a main skill of a tank is knowing when you can or can not engage . 
  you need to play him more to get a feel of his engages . 
  generally tahm is forgiving because even when you go too deep you can pop the shield , so i would rather advise going ham in most cases ( if you are not behind ), 
  i do n't know , i guess there is mana-gated and there is kassadin ; ), 
   anivia - a revive passive plus her lv 2 completely shits on your whole day . 
  it nukes you for 75 % of your health and not shit you can do about it except accept your fate . 
  or maybe dodge the slowest skillshot in the fucking game, 
  anything can push a suicidal person over the edge . 
  it depends on their state obviously but in some moments a phone call or a hostile stranger can be a difference between life and death . 
  and i know * something * about depression believe me . 
  i have account only on eune , but i 'm sure you will find someone to play with , so anyway , cheer up and go have a good game : ), 
  sorry that you get downvoted so hard for coming up with actually a good idea which people do n't get because it 's soooo complicated to understand apparently . 
  but , you know , it 's a good idea , but not a solution to all the problems we have now with afkers and promos ( so the two big big problems right now ) . 
  i 'm sure that rito is working hard on them ( both are clearly antifun and ruining the game ) and will come up with some big awsum solution in preseason or something . 
  my point is , good idea , but no point in arguing about it ; they wo n't implement single ideas , they clearly want to have a complete solution to all things at once . 
  ok but ... ** arial ** ? 
  why arial ?!?!? 
  still a dickmove . 
  yeah but what 's the point of being skilled like a gold player when to get out of silver you actually need to be plat . 
  like , what the hell . 
  as a champ with an awesome 5v5 engage i would say he works best in teamfight/engage comps vs pick/poke comps . 
  i 'm in my third promo to silver ii from which i got demoted after one day due to a few unlucky games . 
  tell me more about `` you just need to play more games and you will climb '' lol . 
  i 'm in some magic circle of promo -  5 games -  promo over and over . 
  after like 30 games of this bullshit for some reason i 'm getting slightly tired . 
  i will really fucking miss his lol videos . 
  hope he changes his mind at some point . 
  he 's a brilliant , hilarious artist but with this unban thingy and taking offense after he looks really immature . 
  i think i actually preferred his lol bideos . 
  i deserve a right to be an asshole !, 
  he was an asshole first !, 
  he could have changed summoner name or sth instead of ragequtting lol because bad guy rito is not treating him like a special snowflake . 
  i like to play teemo and think that people bashing teemo just for being teemo hurr durr teeto satan are unfunny to the point of being retarded . 
  since his time there 's been released so many champs that are 100 times more annoying to play against and more troll to play as than him . 
  well if trm took a bet there 's nothing wrong with laughing at your friend doing something stupid , it 's not exactly `` paying them '' to do it ... 
  i think at a time regi was n't his boss ? 
  at least light and dark form is here . 
  i do n't think it 's a thing . 
  ovary only releases the egg in about half of the cycle and it 's done . 
  then other parts like uterus control if the egg is implanted already or not . 
  if not , you bleed . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with the original ovary the egg came from . 
  oh but `` period is not a disease '' , even if you have to spend three days curled in bed unable to think about anything but the pain . 
  just brush it off , go to work and be a normal human , lady !, 
  yeah , everybody knows that genitalia are more important than feelings !, 
  also , feelings are gay . 
  this is epic, 
  lol what . 
  with good qs and ults he 's godly even with uncoordinated teams . 
  i do n't know any other support who would be so independent . 
  go solo ward deep into enemy jungle ? 
  bard can do it, 
  succesfully peel yourself from two enemies on the other side of the map from your team ? 
  bard can do it, 
  solohandedly completely change any teamfight ? 
  bard can do it, 
  catch enemy carries for a certain death ? 
  bard can do it, 
  lvl2 first blood in lane ? 
  bard can do it, 
  i mean damn . 
  yeah he is dependent on his team following engages but every support with good engage is . 
  who would you see more independent , annie ? 
  this . 
  he 's absolutely brilliant , but would n't be half as popular if it were n't for league . 
  no need to be an ass about riot now when he has fanbase and money because of ultrapopular game they made . 
  we have this young quite popular guy in poland , comic maker and youtuber , he 's called dem . 
  did you hear about him ? 
  of course nope . 
  he makes really niche but really brilliant and absolutely hilarious content . 
  in polish and about whatever stuff he thinks is funny , recently it 's been masonry . 
  if he were doing stuff about lol in english in the last 5 years instead , i 'm sure the guy would be fucking rich , he 's really good . 
  but whatever . 
  what i want to say is that dunkey should be at least somewhat grateful about opportunity he had instead of going all `` omg rito sucks they never helped me '' . 
  lol dude are n't you fucking successful anyway ? 
  ca n't you at least admit they did something right with providing you millions of people interested in this game to make videos for ? 
  you could be as brilliant and hardworking as you are and accompilsh nothing if not for riot . 
  feelings are psychology . 
  lol what . 
  i did n't even agree anything is flawed at all : ), 
  problem ? 
  dude your argumentation is crazy : ) have a nice day . 
  and how is this bleeding even slightly related to the ovary the egg came from ?
