  udyr is all about adapting and choosing a right build for right situation . 
  he is not `` a splitpusher '' , `` a juggernaut '' , `` a warrior '' , `` an assasin '' , `` a tank '' , he 's a fucking udyr . 
  and this is a really clear identity imo . 
  yeah except rioters said they 're fine with midlaners going fqc if it 's not crowding out other options and aura items even without actives also have huge impact on entire teams and they have been in this game since forever . 
  also do you really think rg active was better than talisman active ??? 
  a 60 % ms moving towards enemy and 80 % slow better than 40 % ms without any conditions and on much lower cd ( talisman was 40/60s while rg was 60/90s ) ? 
  i do n't think so , talisman was a boost of mobility to use in any way while rg was only quite hard to land engage . 
  of course it was better for pure engaging but imo not better overall . 
  dude you make me cry, 
  i had this happen to me too , except it was a two top instead of top and jungle . 
  you have to lick my balls morty , it 's the only way morty, 
  if people who main only one role get forced to play more roles all players will get shorter queues . 
  some of them wo n't really mind playing their second role sometimes . 
  and those really desperate can still dodge if they do n't get primary role . 
  i do n't say this is ideal solution , but this is actually reasoning behind removing option to queue with only one role . 
  seriously , my queue times are like 20s tops ... 
  i still have this kind of hope that after stealth buff teemo support is actually viable but people have n't realized yet . 
  i laughed at this analogy . 
  people like you and me will always suffer . 
  and we will always wonder if being a human being is worth all this shit . 
  i 'm with you man . 
  this . 
  you do n't really need mikael every game wtf . 
  crazy mana regen on bard is a waste and i do n't really believe you face such hard cc teams so often to justify this buy . 
  i hope you will get banned or your name will be changed one day , it 's disgusting . 
  so you say kda 6 is high ? 
  if you do this you quickly get underleveled super hard though . 
  solo lane exp and gold when your adc died is extremely valuable so i would n't advise random going out of lane just because . 
  but maybe it 's just me . 
  does n't really work in low elo soloq when almost noone listens to calls or generally goes for objectives ... been there done that : (, 
  i do n't think he can . 
  seriously though , perfect ascension was the dumbest . 
  you could play a hundred games and still not get it or play five and randomly earn it . 
  awesome accomplishment , being in a match with enemy afk or really super bad , or even giving a win because your team got ascended first . 
  wtf ... 
  [ i loved this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6d-eplxslq ), 
  20 bucks for like 100 hours of playing . 
  yeaaahhh makes sense . 
  you do n't have to deal damage to champions . 
  you can deal damage to turrets and minions . 
  are you serious . 
  man , your music is amazing !, 
  hey this name is pretty neat . 
  and ? 
  as a soraka fangirl from the very beginning of my experience with lol i 'll just say those changes look like `` reddit has been crying about raka so after 10 nerfs we finally decided to remove her from the game , also fuck you '' . 
  after this comes through there will be no reason to pick her over sona and nami . 
  so lulu whose all spells do three different things and who is viable in at least 3 roles every patch is well designed , but soraka who is a healer and heals people is not . 
  and infuriate me . 
  his double hp bar lets him build hp without almost any resists . 
  and hp is what he actually scales with , if he builds resists instead of raw hp he has no dmg . 
  and he has no other ability which would make him tankier . 
  in effective health even with two hp bars he is at best as tanky as garen or just any tank who scales with/gets free resists . 
  lel but you know this mastery only affected her numbers ? 
  if mastery gives x % stronger heal , then nerf her heal by y % to compensate and bam , balance . 
  but no , they have to kill her completely only because healers , of all classes , are soooo unhealthy and deserve to be deleted from the game . 
  assasins are fine , tanks , juggernauts , fighters , marksmen , mages , all are fine and awesome and healthy but healers . 
  because reasons . 
  exactly , this is like the only case when soraka can shine . 
  in and versus any other comp she would be an useless 300gold minion . 
  to be fair she was picked often like few patches ago , but i have to agree that she 's underwhelming in comparison to some other supports . 
  fairly hard to balance as well i think , as her kit provides multiple things which are not really related to each other ( three different offensive/defensive/utility auras and power chords , some burst , some healing , has some damage , but not too much , can win both farm lane and kill lane , but falls behind hard if she does n't ) . 
  her identity is unclear as she has almost everything a `` supportive support '' could want but at the same time is not especially good with anything specific . 
  i mean they literally create backline healer and then complain that she has low interactivity with enemies . 
  no shit . 
  i hope so too : (, 
  i have a fair number games on leona so i can give you advice about her : poke her down level 1-3 , trade hard , use your range , bam they she 's not a threat anymore . 
  do n't get dove and killed level 6 , you can for example send adc back as soon as you get it and go roam . 
  if you do n't feed kills leona will be useless in comparison as she needs to go in danger to use her cc and you do n't , and if she 's not tanky enough it will be mortal danger for her in mid/lategame fights . 
  about thresh and naut i do n't know a lot , but generally you have to use your range and poke to dominate tanks early so they ca n't safely engage on levels 3-6 . 
  you can almost ignore their adc and just slap them with meeps and autoattacks as soon as they burn their cooldowns . 
  well man , just sign up and you wo n't have that happen to you again . 
  whoa . 
  i have like 80k and it really feels like a lot , congratulations on your magical journey man . 
  well kinda , still there are plenty items with no hp and high resists which are popular on tanks but unviable/niche for tahm ( like fh/iceborn , thornmail , zz ` rot for example ) . 
  i agree that he will build some resists as a side effect of stacking hp , but he wo n't stack them as hard as most tanks would do . 
  and he has no tank steroids other than e ( which as we 've seen in lcs recently is n't really so reliable and easy to use as it would seem ) . 
  said guy with a thresh flair , champ advertised as `` you can pick him in any comp any time and any meta '' . 
  do n't be an asshole . 
  nobody builds randuin anymore when sunfire and dead man 's exist . 
  other than that i generally agree but no need to downvote me man . 
  what i said about tahm tanking with hp and not with resists is still true . 
  tahm has one skill that makes him tanky . 
  this skill is e. let 's say it gives him `` another 100 % of his hp to pierce through '' in ideal case . 
  in most cases it will be about 50-70 % of your full hp at best . 
  100 % hp + 0 resists in effective hp is equal to 0 hp + 100 armor + 100 mr. 
  50 % hp + 0 resists in effective hp is equal to 0 hp + 50 armor + 50 mr. 
  100 armor or mr can get with a single skill for example rammus ( 120 base armor on w ) , leona ( 60 base armor and mr on w + 20 % scaling ) , galio ( 90 base mr on w ) . 
  200 minion garen gets 40 passive armor and mr completely for free . 
  if you look it up actually multiple champs get a lot of armor/mr on a single `` non-flashy '' skill . 
  those are just examples but you get the point : first do your math , then complain about some champ being `` too tanky '' . 
  only because he `` feels '' too tanky it does n't mean he actually is . 
  you claim that but numbers claim otherwise . 
  his shield is actually quite balanced part of his kit . 
  it decays fast and demands some skill to pull off at the best moment . 
  maybe it should decay faster , maybe passive regen should be lower ( i think this is what makes him perceivably tanky - hard to poke in lane ) but other than that it makes sense , it gives him tank stats , it 's possible to play around it ( cc him so he ca n't use e at 5 % hp ) , it 's just a sensible skill for a tank . 
  not sure why so much hate here . 
  his other skills are far worse in terms of balance . 
  notbardman, 
  can you publish full data somewhere ? 
  wtf .
