  i 'm not . 
  i 'm from poland . 
  and feminists here are at the moment fighting for abortion rights . 
  because our government wants to completely forbid abortion . 
  like all abortion . 
  for all reasons . 
  because they can . 
  and male or female circumcision is not even an issue here and it never was . 
  i only followed the us way of perceiving feminism and anti-feminism because i 'm curious about it , and because reddit is us-centric . 
  i think you would have no idea what is happening in my own country . 
  hey , this is a very good point . 
  edit : i agree with this person you stupid bot , please give them my delta !, 
  yes , i posted to cmv because i was looking for more information about the issue i feel i 'm not fully informed about . 
  that 's correct . 
  i edited it , maybe this time it 'll work lol : d, 
   about all minorities and inequalities, 
  that 's what i wrote ... ? 
   an egalitarian knows men are horrible , know that women have to be strong enough to recognize the threat, 
  sorry but i 've had enough of perceiving men as predators in my life . 
  also not sure why should i accept the fact that half of humanity potentially wants to hurt me ( assuming that 's true , which it 's not ) , instead of like , you know , try to change that ? ... 
  i think there is no law that says `` men can do x but women ca n't '' . 
  this does n't mean that law protects men 's and women 's need equally . 
  for example , it 's possible that there are some potential laws that would apply to all people , but are needed mostly by women . 
  by definition their nonexistence hurts women more than men . 
  and as far as we know , the law was written mostly by men , so that 's entirely possible that men 's needs are better covered than women 's . 
  it 's weird , because i can agree with most of what you say , but would ' t really label myself under `` egalitarian '' instead of `` feminist '' . 
  i 'm starting to think that this is more about difference in polish/american definitions and perception of feminism . 
  thanks , and sorry for calling the bot stupid , it 's actually amazing . 
  well , i disagree with that too . 
  i think the enemy is patriarchy itself , which both hurts everyone and is created by everyone . 
  and why would i deny issues that affect men if they are just ... facts ? 
  well , since the law is written mostly by men , it 's logical that there 's less male-specific issues not covered , so law 's imperfection would hurt women more than men in this case . 
  i got an example , it may seem minor but hear me out . 
  in my country , there is a law that in public places there must be toilets for women , men and persons with disabilities . 
  normal stuff . 
  however , there is no law that states that in the building there needs to be a place to change little babies ' diapers . 
  it 's up to building administrator whether they think about that or not . 
  and when they do , in almost all cases the changing pad will be placed in women 's bathroom . 
  the law that it has to be placed in all public buildings , and specifically outside of women-only rooms , would clearly benefit all parents . 
  but mostly women . 
  first , because since in my country women get way more days of paid motherly leave after childbirth , they more often have to look after little babies . 
  second , because this would obviously make it easier for said mums to go out and do stuff when they are alone with the baby during the day . 
  third , because placing it outside of women 's bathroom would enable dads to take care of their little children too , and would lift a bit of women 's responsibility for it . 
  this is only one example , if you 'd think more about that , i 'm sure you would figure out more . 
  of course , nobody is talking about establishing such a law . 
  the last time i heard about this issue , a group of young mothers tried to group up and develop an app that would show its users where the nearest changing pad is when they go out . 
  ok , thanks for explanation . 
  i thought expecting people to care about issues is legitimizing the issues ? 
  no , i do n't think it 's sexist . 
  there is too much differences even in modern society in terms of treatment and socialization to assume that men will always understand women 's issues and vice versa . 
  of course , i would prefer to be represented by person that has similar views but opposite gender , than the other way around . 
  but still , i want to be represented the most by a person who can understand me the best , and i think there is only so much understanding to be achieved with empathy . 
  the rest has to come from listening to people who are actually facing the relevant issues . 
  for example , i 'm not disabled . 
  therefore i think i should n't decide what law would be the most reasonable for disabled people . 
  i want to hear them out , and to decide for themselves . 
  is that able-ist that i simply want to find the best solution of specific problems for people who actually , you know , have them ? 
  well , this is not helpful . 
  thank you for thought out comment . 
  i agree with majority of what you wrote . 
  i have one more question - do you think it is okay to explicitely tell feminists what should they do in their movement and what they should n't ? 
  if you support women 's emancipation , should n't you listen to women first , and tell them what to do second ? 
  i mean specifically not `` passively disagreeing '' , but `` actively trying to change their actions to something you think is more effective or important '' . 
  so basically you think the issue is that mras are underminig feminists , and feminists are undermining mras , and this is almost like literally a gender war or something ? 
  if that 's the case , no wonder that some more moderate people try to place themselves somewhere inbetween instead of supporting one of the two sides ... 
   why not mandate that all public restrooms have a changing table ? 
  i mean , i thought that was my point ? 
  : ) by * outside of women-only rooms * i meant that it could be in some entirely separate place , but could also be all restrooms , sure . 
   i 'd like some examples of how the law being mostly written by men equals it benefiting specifically men more than women other than `` it 's logical '' . 
  we would need to talk a lot about patriarchy , and a ) i 'm not qualified to do that b ) it 's more off-topic than i 'm comfortable with . 
  hey , i agree it 's awful that women rape or harm men and it 's not treated seriously . 
  what 's weird to me is that is seems like mras really want to look like victims ( by upvoting articles about horribly mistreated men ) , and i 'm not sure of who they exactly perceive as their oppressors . 
  biased judges ? 
  women in general ? 
  or only random violent women ? 
  feminist movement ? 
  insufficient social security system ? 
  society as a whole ? 
  i would say the root problem is patriarchy ( that harms men and women alike ) , but i think most of them oppose its existence . 
  so what exactly is causing men to be mistreated according to mras ? 
  thank you , i think somebody linked it in some other thread i searched today and i already subscribed . 
  hope that i 'll be able to read some interesting stuff there . 
  as i said , literally only women are interested in solving this issue - at least where i live . 
  it would be of course 1000 % better if both men and women worked together to change that . 
  but since only women seem to be interested at all , i think it falls into feminist issue category - a problem that apparently causes trouble to ( a lot of ) women but not ( many ) men . 
   if [ women ] want to change something , we need to discuss that . 
    of course . 
  and i 'm sure many to all egalitarians are in favor of that . 
  i do n't really see that on mra/anti-feminist subs . 
  i see mostly efforts to either prove the problem does n't exist , or to prove that men have it worse , or to prove that person talking about the problem is stupid and ugly . 
   my point is that one may have reasons for opposing certain efforts to help women other than a desire to prevent benefits to women , it 's not at all unreasonable to believe that an egalitarian genuinely want positive change and could still oppose some pro-women proposals, 
  people do n't always behave rationally and do what they declare . 
  if you say you support women 's rights , but do your best to undermine them , then you do n't actually support women 's rights . 
  you just want to have a pretty label . 
   as for rejection of patriarchy , it is a theory that puts all of the blame on men . 
  that 's just not true - patriarchy is sustained by both men and women who decide that female = weak , disrespectful , sexually provoking and emotional , and male = strong , respectful , sexually conquering and not emotional . 
  and these stereotypes of course hurt both genders , setting expectations etc. 
  of course disabled are not monolith , but i think disabled are better qualified to talk about and solve problems that specifically affect their group ( like accessibility ) . 
  is that really controversial ? 
  seriously , i 'm not even epileptic and i feel weird after watching it 3 times .
