  all people understanding me , talking about items and patches , and meta changes in the role , and comparing champs and giving tips only for this role ... 
  the dream . 
  lux is kill lane . 
  as long as you do n't feed her kills she will be useless late . 
  other than that i think it 's really hard to play a lane like this . 
  you either dodge their shit all the time or you 're screwed . 
  but not all champs are laners , some are better in teamfights , so probably you should ask your mid and jungle to come for a party . 
  if it 's not possible you can also aa minions to push out of your turret and have more space to move and cs relatively safely . 
  ardent censer is awesome if you have autoattackers in team . 
  i usually get fh anyway . 
  but maybe it 's just my preference . 
  consider randuin . 
  it has no ap or cdr but if you do n't need them badly it 's a solid choice . 
  zz ` rot is great and people should really get it more often , expensive but all what this item has is awesome , stats , active , passive . 
  but this is for tank build when you have one hp item , like locket instead of banner . 
  banner is also a good substitute for locket when you already have a strong frontline . 
  active can take some turrets without low elo enemy even noticing . 
  for more aggressive midgame in some cases i 'd get dark seal as it 's very easy to stack it on janna and ap on her is a great stat as it provides shield scaling . 
  standard marks for ranged support are hybrid pen , not magic pen . 
  magic pen you get only on aggressive mage supports like zyra and annie . 
  janna , nami or soraka are supposed to deal a big part of their damage with autoattacks . 
  ad marks work very well also on bard . 
  seriously . 
  every game i had a ban in the last year i ban him . 
  bullshit lategame grabs tilt me off the face of the earth . 
  fuck this stupid champ . 
  because in late game you have vision on him all the time and all your carries stay behind minions all the time and can easily dodge every hook . 
  same . 
  bro i feel you . 
  i would n't know if people do it , i ban him myself every game . 
  nothing . 
  even if you play lane perfectly he will still randomly grab your carry at 50 minutes and autowin . 
  just ban this shit out of existence . 
  when his numbers were higher i had lots of fun playing him top and jungle . 
  with his bullshit hp scalings you could just stack 7k hp and become unkillable , unkitable monster truck who could easily 1v5 . 
  glorious times . 
  after his nerfs i think he 's a ball of uselessness . 
  everything he does other supp can do better . 
  bard can make longer tunnels than this guy 's pathetic ult . 
  q is okayish , w is worth the cooldown only defensively on supp , e does nothing . 
  basically a big fat useless save machine . 
  and do n't get me started on his abilities being impossible to synchronize in soloq . 
  i do n't recommend him as a support pick ever . 
  do n't . 
  i 'd give you gold if i had any . 
  ad marks are totally fine , but he should n't have any ap in runes . 
  i do n't have time for playing ranked but i 'm quite sure i know and read way more than higher ranked players . 
  even casters and analysts are n't all in challenger . 
  you do n't need that much knowledge to get diamond and vice versa . 
  this is awesome . 
  please write more , i never seen anyone to write a guide like this . 
  great stuff . 
  so like , honorable ned just had a bastard instead , with a mother he would n't tell anyone about , and lyanna and rheagar had no children which would spice up everything ? 
  what kind of crappy story is it : p, 
  i do n't get it as well . 
  i 'd really like some explanation from someone better informed . 
  for me it looks like jon shoulda beheaded him but did n't want to coz sam is such a bro . 
  this is westeros tho , if you do n't kill anyone important , murder is ok and totally not like traumatizing experience affecting your entire life and making society shocked and super hostile towards you . 
  seriously i 'm really disgusted how they deal with killers in this show , how basically everyone is one , how it does n't seem to affect their character at all . 
  and even if they have a little reflection it 's more like `` i did something bad to someone important '' not like `` i took a life of a person '' . 
  i was so mad about mira 's end . 
  spoilers about incoming episodes ? 
  hello ?? 
  meh i meant more like `` it 's got '' not like `` it 's this one land in got universe '' . 
  whatever : |, 
  but gilly was at cb with him right ? ... 
  then he leaves to become maester and takes her and her baby with him ... 
  it 's it kind of obvious what 's going on ? 
  it 's not all about fucking , they swear to not have any family and at this point gilly and ls are basically sam 's family , as in he cares for them , protects them , and loves them . 
  according to oath he is n't supposed to do any of those things . 
  i expected a joke . 
  one line on top saying `` this is not for funsies , they are legit '' and giving some context would be nice . 
  is it that unthinkable that someone new will sometimes appear on the sub ? 
  [ everything ] tag is heavily overused here . 
  seems that if i do n't mind spoilers from books and show and speculations , but do n't want `` real '' spoilers ( like , things confirmed to happen which did n't happen yet ) , i should n't read this sub almost at all . 
  this . 
  support role is super fun and rewarding . 
  it 's impossible to make it more enjoyable though . 
  it 's issue with community , not gameplay . 
  gameplay is perfect . 
  first , people just do n't bother to understand what support actually does . 
  a big part of supporting is macro game , things like vision , pings , map , strategy . 
  noone will say `` wow bro your vision game was on point this game '' . 
  most do n't even know what 's splitpush and will beg their trynda or udyr to group all game . 
  their conception of outplay is super hard focused on micro play . 
  you ca n't impress them , you can only accept that noone will ever recognize a big part of your good job . 
  second , if you do n't play with premade and do n't go 0/0/8 in 10 minutes , people wo n't listen to you . 
  it 's quite frustrating and takes away a huge fun part of being a support . 
  i believe supports generally are best fit to shotcall , as they have most time to not focus on micro and figure out the map and make the calls . 
  but in ranked , this is chaotic and impossible to control . 
  playing support is sometimes frustrating not because there are not enough fun things to do . 
  it 's because in soloq environment - as in , most people queueing solo in ranked - you 'd like to do those things , but either your team throws them out the window ( `` oh so you set up vision for baron while 2 enemies are dead ? 
  too bad i need to farm this wave bot lol '' ) or does n't give you credit for them at all . 
  basically the role is so completely different from others that people become to think supports are some sort of aliens that are needed in the game maybe to babysit adc and cast some ults and hmmm no real idea what else are they doing , warding maybe ? . 
  no wonder there are not many people interested in playing support in such community . 
  i feel like support is an awesome role honestly . 
  you have to operate on limited resources , but you have sightstone aka the most op item in the game ... now go figure out what to do . 
  it 's very different from all other roles and tbh i 'd prefer it to stay that way . 
  thank you . 
  what i got from this and other responses is that i generally can buy everything but gpu and ssd in parts and nothing horrible should happen within a year .
