  hmm . 
  early it 's not so easy to take down botlaners , turret and dragon fast enough even if 4 man groups bot . 
  some people prefer fast `` ganks '' and back instead of staying and giving up all the rest of the map early . 
  at least this is happening to me . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  mobility *, 
  aoe i guess + magic damage is always nice, 
  wood 14 here i come, 
  39 mln of people died from aids ** since 1980 ** . 
  this is some negligible proportion of deaths on the planet . 
  we fear aids only because it has potential to go epidemic , not because it 's actually so deadly for zillions of people . 
  it 's actually very well played , since we have no reliable cure for this disease it 's better to prevent epidemy than to try to fight with it when it happens . 
  so ... what now ? 
  painters paint pictures , composers compose music , directors make movies , but when ux designer designs a hud then suddenly everybody knows their job better than them . 
  you can think that you know what would work better but it 's not necessarily true . 
  ux/ui designer work is based on hard data , not some personal preferences and thoughts . 
  maybe you want some part of the hud to be somewhere else but if you changed it , it would actually worsen your gameplay . 
  not having options to change something is good for people who do n't know what are they doing , for example mac users are happy they have a working os they do n't have to ( and ca n't ) configure . 
  seems that riot does n't consider their users being so `` power '' . 
  it comes down to data that we do n't have but they do . 
  i do n't know , i just want my favourite champion to be viable in soloq ? ... 
  true story, 
  yeah this feels better, 
  this . 
  basically you have to rely on your enemy to be bad enough to never try to kill you coz focusing support is meh . 
  soraka is very easy to kill if caught . 
  i agree with you besides the ap part , the heals with some ap are ridiculous , it 's a very desirable ( if not the most ) stat on raka . 
  yeah , he seems rather passive in lane . 
  he will save you from any trouble tho so you can go ham as much as you want . 
  if you are willing to buy rylai ( i did n't try it ) you will get a nice aoe slow on w + stickiness ( the slow should work with the ult passive on every aa , am i right ? 
  dude . 
  you are a genius . 
  give this man a medal . 
  : d seriously i did n't think of it this way , obvious but brilliant , thanks !, 
  man . 
  there are some other numbers between 20 % and 100 % . 
  well it has a small range and multiple options limited by one cd ( devour ally/devour enemy/devour and throw minion ) . 
  also it looks a little bugged atm - not sure how should it work with which abilities . 
  other than that , this shit is crazy and a hard counter to certain champs ( like ww , malz , skarner ) . 
  well , it should be more than enough to devour an enemy frontliner for your team to kill carries tho , you do n't need to do 100 % of the job in teamfights . 
  completely neutralizing enemy tank as a tank is for sure good enough . 
  also i do n't think what you say about his ult passive is true , combined with w damage you get an extremely fast waveclear for a tank support . 
  and : `` not threatening enough to put that tankiness to work '' ? 
  how is 32 % hp magic damage + being useless for few seconds ( + being carried away with talisman/flash maybe ) not threatening enough ? 
  i think he is supposed to struggle in lane but be godlike in teamfights . 
  and soloq loves pick comps ... 
  bard has a very good laning phase with one of the best lvls 1 . 
  shame . 
  magic pen like what ? 
  boots ? 
  runes ? 
  none of this sounds right . 
  u mad bro ? 
  sona is all about quick trades , one second being out of position is death . 
  sona is unplayable with high ping , better to stay afk than feed or sit useless at fountain because you are too slow to poke . 
  okay ... 
  i mained her for some time and definitely would n't pick for a high ping game ... 
  but whatever works for you i guess ... 
  remake, 
  also the retarded base race with turtle mvp . 
  sona is not good at playing from behind , which will be the case if you lose lane , which with high ping is very possible . 
  i 'd suggest bard . 
  in teamfights he is a one skillshot + aa + actives , much of his strength comes from skills that usually do n't need to be cast very fast in order to be useful . 
  also can be build tanky and does n't scale well which in this case is an advantage ( does n't need to win lane hard ) . 
  sona 's strength comes from ap , ult and being quick . 
  bard 's from q , actives and mobility . 
  his ult has a big delay and is hard to hit anyway . 
  you did n't tell anything about skill floor . 
  i guess you just have to prove that i 'm wrong no matter what . 
  this . 
  dude but it was beautiful . 
  i love the rude comments in this subreddit . 
  someone admitting there 's something wrong with their game knowledge and asking for advice ? 
  `` lol u are just bad haha so bad git gud scrub '', 
  i think i replied to the right post . 
   you ca n't into advices dude . 
  seriously your advice is piece of shit . 
  just look at it . 
  you think you are good at giving advice but if you really reconsider your post you will see it 's all crap . 
  please give better advices next time . 
  this is basically what you said to op , but regarding your post . 
  when you gank and kill enemy laner you give your laners cs advantage . 
  but overall i agree that donating some kills would really help in this case . 
  ( i am a woman . 
  not important here but i feel really weird when you refer to me as `` him '' . ), 
  what if i told you that it 's easier to develop something new than to patch something up with an old big codebase . 
  or to develop an offline game than to make an online secure tool . 
  or to get a shitton of decent 3d artists than a few experienced programmers and architects who understand what the hell the codebase is about . 
  witcher 3 is an extensive job while `` a stupid client '' is an intensive job . 
  extensive : put in money and time to get a lot of low to medium quality content . 
  intensive : put in knowledge and experience to get a very little of very high quality content . 
  i think that extensive is easier than intensive , but idk , maybe i 'm just retarded . 
  no , reddit just loves to bitch about changes . 
  tahm kench support = rengo does n't get to play league of legends today . 
  if your support can pick him it will get super worth late game . 
  are n't you afraid of tahm kench 's ridiculous saves ? 
  i see him as a very strong counterpick to assasins , especially rengar . 
  so you kill tahm and then what , you die to top + mid + jg cc chain and look at the full health adc finishing off the rest of your team which is for some mysterious reason not as fed as you ? 
  yeah seems like a master plan . 
  mana cost down , base damage down , ratios up , q speed up , voila .
