  every ranged champion is viable if you build ad . 
  tahm has awesome duels . 
  yeah i think you are right , maybe wit 's is enough . 
  [ bjerg be like ] ( http://gfycat.com/perkyflusteredbarnacle ), 
  i think you are right . 
  will get rid of this mastery on him . 
  thanks . 
  my money 's on this guy, 
  teemo will become a viable support . 
  it 's `` irrelevant '' ya dummy, 
  she is hard to make those really good flashy plays , like flash ult into turret and stuff . 
  without them i kinda feel like she 's not worth picking over for example tahm ( the new king of peel ) . 
  awwwwwwww :'(, 
  look up old soraka . 
  lol no . 
  i 'm so going to build thornmail vs a fed orianna . 
  yeah i know i can use a calculator but it 's kinda not the point . 
  i know this website , great articles but not the tool i 'm looking for . 
  also i can use google , thank you . 
  dude . 
  plz . 
  good - popular pick built conventionally, 
  viable - can compete with popular picks under certain circumstances while built conventionally, 
  cheese - can compete with popular picks under very certain and highly unrealistic circumstances while built unconventionally, 
  i play champs that carry my team so they carry me : soraka , sona , tahm kench . 
  i play champs that are forgiving when behind : sivir , tahm , janna . 
  i play the farm hard then carry champs : udyr . 
  i play the i 'm never in danger champs : janna . 
  i play champs that are simple mechanically and let your game knowledge win for you : annie + all of the above . 
  only exeptions for me are bard and teemo , which i play mainly for pure fun they give me ( while being decent picks in certain situations ) . 
  he does crazy damage building full tank jungler . 
  it 's hard to pull off a good ult but when he lands one it can be easy double kill in botlane gank . 
  as a support he 's not very impactful , but as a strong tank he becomes impossible to ignore . 
  his every aa can do 200 + magic damage on top of cinderhulk aura and threat of stacking passive , while being basically unkillable and having ridiculous save . 
  i know i can do it myself . 
  i would be able to even build an entire website if i wanted to . 
  i 'm looking for a finished tool . 
  would n't e -  q -  w be better as supp ? 
  oh god . 
  i can give entire donut , but you have to pay me 3 nickels, 
  yeah if only it did n't freeze and crash my browser ... :'(, 
  for me super laggy on chrome , on ie did n't work , i do n't have ff installed right now for some reason so i went `` whatever '' ... 
  people just do n't like being told what to do . 
  support is not your personal bitch , stop telling other people what to do and focus on what you do . 
  i think roaming as soraka at 4 minute is super dumb , but this is not a reason to treat her like you owned her soul . 
  no wonder people got pissed off if you went all whiney at her about how much you need a babysitter staying with you 24/7 . 
  as long as people do n't troll and throw , let them do their job , do yours and shut up . 
  remember , in yoloq literally everything can work and secure a win as long as you do n't spend majority of your time arguing that somebody does something suboptimal . 
  i do n't know if you are toxic or not because of course every toxic player quotes in their post only things that do n't look as bad . 
  i remember this guy going all `` omg reddit plz gib sympathy , rito banned me but im a good guy '' and being proved that he wished teammates cancer etc. , so i wo n't believe in your words either , sorry . 
  toxic players sometimes literally do n't realize what are they saying . 
  but you can be toxic or not toxic , does n't matter . 
  just try to not tell people what to do . 
  it wo n't work anyway . 
  hey man , a short question : i have this habit of harassing mainly the enemy support . 
  i find them my main enemy in lane and bully them as much as i can looking for good trades - so they would be eventually scared to all in or harass me and my adc . 
  is this a wrong mindset , should i harass adc more ( when they lasthit ) , or is this an ok way to deal with enemy botlane ? 
  hey man , a short question : i have this habit of harassing mainly the enemy support . 
  i find them my main enemy in lane and bully them as much as i can looking for good trades - so they would be eventually scared to all in or harass me and my adc . 
  is this a wrong mindset , should i harass adc more ( when they lasthit ) , or is this an ok way to deal with enemy botlane ? 
  i 'm not telling that it was super smart from the raka , but the point is , even if she does dumbest stuff ever , you still ca n't control her actions . 
  ( and btw , hello the interesting news , adc is n't only person in the team worth protecting . ), 
  well this is what i mean by good trades : not being outtraded : p, 
  yeah , i hate nice people : /, 
  hey man , since you seem to get it , could you please take a while to explain how does this stuff work ? 
  like , i understand that anti-poaching rules are good for health and mental stability of players , but you say that they somehow make league teams ' performance less dependent of their budged and i 'm not sure how ? 
  ( genuine question , no irony here . ), 
  yeah maybe he should make his brother or someone talk to players instead of talking himself , this would make it ok since the rules are not applicable to his brother right ? 
  same kind of logic . 
  yeah but then , if we do n't have strict and clear `` law '' we should think about the real rules behind riot 's actions , in this example the rule is : `` do n't be a fucking poacher '' . 
  the real question is did badawi break it , not if he broke article x rule y from the grand rulebook . 
  i do n't know , for me there is some difference between `` no , i did not talk to him '' and `` lol i do n't even know who this guy is are you crazy why would i talk to him i never even wanted to in the first place '' . 
  also lol , the conversation was confidential only because it would cause badawi trouble , not because it could be a problem to hard . 
  ( if i understand the situation correctly ), 
  ca n't players just talk themselves to someone if they are not happy with their team ? 
  i guess they 're new accounts , he has no champions on them and i think the 1 mastery point thing is also caused by this, 
  omg this < 3 i feel like lazy today , carry me bitches, 
  * oh no where are they hiding ?!, 
  always remember to secure kills kids . 
  it 's so easy !, 
  and the c key is next to the x key, 
  [ illuminati confirmed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqorxhs7vlu ), 
  they did . 
  man , i mean , why would you do this : |, 
  if they do like you though , you can go kill 1000 orphans and still your circlejerk will defend you everytime . 
  the problem with onetrickponying soraka is the fact she 's one of the easiest champs to counterpick on every possible lane . 
  i think it would be sheen to have more mana for early farming with qs . 
  not in soraka 's case i believe , she has no way to deal with her counters which would n't include literally her team peeling for her . 
  let me tell you how possible it is in yoloq . 
  do you guys assume that soraka never fights ? 
  assuming that she should be focused and staying behind carries she literally becomes backbacklane , if backline is engaged on they have to peel for her because she is so easy to kill and without her staying around all the fight they are 4v5 ( soraka has no flashy ult to cast in fight and then die with `` at least i did my job '' , she actually needs to stay alive all the fight and do heals per second ) . 
  also , it is not some leona e which is hard to live with , it 's some tank/bruiser like udyr , volibear , renekton , shyvana , olaf , even master yi - because she has literally no tools to stop them from running directly at her from half the map away and smashing her face . 
  she can only hope she can outrun them with talisman , ghosts and miraculous q slows - but if it happens in a teamfight when entire enemy team tries to kill her at once , she is screwed . 
  also i do n't know what 's the point of comparing her positioning to immobile adcs , when they sometimes need entire team peeling for them to not die over and over , and do n't need to ward or help others but just do n't die for 30 minutes . 
  soraka in team = squishy support without hard cc in team = team much more vulnerable to hard engage , this is not rocket science . 
  yeah right healing enemy is what you should do when they attack you : ^ ) you seem like a true soraka master !, 
  she has to land those qs and es sometimes tho . 
  she 's not only a healbot . 
  if you do n't play her how do you know if her silence is great or not ? 
  every champion seems op when played against .
