  dude make up your mind . 
  you have missed an excellent occasion to say `` i will take a potato chip ... and eat it ! '' . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
   it felt like a really forced plot device , i knew it was going to happen the second she nonchalantly tossed it , but i still could n't believe it . 
  hey , remember the moment when trenton decided to free the tied woman after she told her she has to pee-pee ? 
  why take a great player just to waste him on bench ? 
  this makes me so salty , i really wanted to see more bunny in lcs . 
  c9 why : (, 
  it 's incredible !, 
  how did you make the head ( eyes especially ) ? 
  just wow !, 
  i always go support/jungle , and i do n't think i got a jungle game in my last 200 games ... 
  this is actually pretty creative . 
  came here to ask the same question d :, 
  all my ashes go melee : (, 
  yes , of course , i mean , it 's impressive you managed to connect both eyes and head so seamlessly , for me at least . 
  janna is broken and is extremely useful if you have any ad champ who have n't heavily lost their lane . 
  other than that i agree , it 's ridiculous to me that people think a role which makes up for 1/5 of every team is somehow completely useless and unable to impact games . 
  i think this comes from heavily understimating what vision does to your team performance . 
  in my experience voice chat is useless and pings are priceless . 
  i tried both and i actually strongly prefer not talking to people as this lets me to focus on pure information i get from pings and map . 
  i found janna ridicoulously broken for this reason , it 's like reverse soraka who can heal people who are n't even hurt and has actual cc instead of crapsilence . 
  i play almost only solo support , and i do n't know if i meet that much duos , but even if that 's true , i shit on them as hard as on solo players . 
  i 've never had any problems because of some duo . 
  a lot of duo supports are just people who thought being in duo lane with a premade would be beneficial but do n't actually have any idea how to play support or even their picked champ . 
  because support is fucking easy , right ? 
  well , wrong : ^ ), 
   she 's insanely mana gated until she gets tear + morello, 
   malz is also insanely mana gated until lost chapter, 
  dude ... we do n't call half an item a mana gate ... 
  sorry but 60 % winrate is no longer `` scrubs just have no clue what do against him '' , in my dictionary this is `` broken '' and `` unfair '' . 
  this is the case for tahm kench . 
  his 3 basic spells are broken and ult is not even worth leveling up ( in soloq ) . 
  do n't forget tahm kench : /, 
  it 's because he 's so hard pushed into support role and his kit is complicated , so it feels `` fair '' when a bard outplays you ( and not only overwhelms you with a broken kit ) . 
  i buy ardent censer in every janna and soraka game , also most sona games . 
  the bonus shield/heal and damage is really good if you shield/heal a lot , it 's cheap so it 's very easy to rush , has ok stats for its price , and all stats are very useful ( mregen , ap , cdr , ms ) . 
  athenes is also relying on damage , so basically only champs you can use it on are those with high damage and ally shield/heal . 
  so basically only sona , morgana and karma . 
  there 's literally nothing with mr to buy on tank support besides locket . 
  there 's a plenty of useful armor items , but with mr i 'm like wtf banshee ? 
  spirit visage ?? 
  you build ohmwrecker and spirit visage on supports ? 
  tell me more about your awesome support itemisation skills . 
  we badly need mr support items . 
  possibly more than one of them , that is . 
  seriously . 
  items are n't supposed to be all interesting and interactive . 
  champions are . 
  lol . 
  support itemization 's problem is not `` one op item that makes others irrelevant '' but `` one viable item that we have to build because there are no other options '' . 
  basically riot gave supports gold generating items with no useful items to spend gold on . 
  imagine a world where there are literally 3 ap items and people want one to be removed because it 's `` crowding out diverse choices '' . 
  this is support world . 
  this . 
  locket is n't `` crowding out other options '' because there are no other options . 
  what is one other mr item relevant for tank support ? 
  seriously ? 
  there is no world in which banshee and spirit visage are decent on leona . 
  so we remove options to force supports to make choices ? 
  how did that make sense in your head ? 
  \\  wow supports have less gold than other roles , let 's give them more gold so they can feel more impactful, 
  \\  oh no supports now buy items and are more impacful , let 's remove their best most useful items so they basically can shove all their gold up their asses . 
  removing an option is not offering more options . 
  i do n't know where this logic comes from . 
  you . 
  - sincerely , two-years support main who has almost nothing to buy in entire shop due to your genius itemization changes . 
  supports already have 3 + actives in every game . 
  i do n't get why you guys want to complicate the game for them ? 
  supports were never about micro-heavy play . 
  i 'd really want to have more items with simple actives or no actives . 
  maybe it 's because we have almost no other relevant items . 
  if you do n't protest about soraka being removed , your champ may be next . 
  good, 
  \\  she is so op and broken and unfun and boring and abomination, 
  \\  we cant burst her shes so tanky and hard to kill, 
  \\  just trash her rito plz we dont want to adjust to enemy supports ever, 
  \\  she so broken, 
  \\  plz just trash her, 
  i always build ap soraka because tank is just stupid . 
  i 'm still gon na get trashed with this nerf , ty rito . 
  have you played soraka once ? 
  it 's not set in stone . 
  if they replace locket with an item that is less useful , and make no other changes to other items , we will have just a shittier itemization , not more diverse one . 
  and if you 're tank support , go fuck yourself . 
  edit : also wtf is an ad support ? 
  well , it actually become good on supports while mages got bazillion of other great ap choices . 
  i do n't know what timeline do you live in . 
  we have a lot more utility mages than tank supports recently . _ . 
  mikaels is just bad , no guarantee it 'll do anything important , long cd , crap stats . 
  it 's way easier to simply peel , heal or shield someone who got caught by cc than to time mikaels for a miracle save . 
  it 's just very inconsistent effect and crap stats taking up gold and item slot . 
  honestly it looks like they have no idea how support itemisation should look like , what supports should be `` allowed '' to buy , and how to balance between `` support items '' and `` carry items '' . 
  they are running around like chickens without heads , not being able to figure out what to do with this crazy weird alien support role . 
  and it 's been so for years . 
  it makes me sick . 
  people do n't want to play support ? 
  yeah let 's make support even shittier and less important !, 
  supports can not carry games or be as impactful as carries . 
  because reasons .
