  fuck that . 
  somebody hurts your feelings - you need to yell at them and make it clear in every way that what they 've done is not ok . 
  either they get the message and change , so you can go on if you decide to forgive them - or they get removed from your life . 
  if your mother does n't change her ways , then when you grow up and move out , you will probably have decades to return the `` favor '' and deliberately hurt her by simply doing whatever you want . 
  i assure you there 's no better feeling in the world than completely ignoring your overcontrolling mother , and not as a revenge , just because this is what you 've actually wanted to do your entire life and you are finally free . 
  you have only couple of years to get to that point , especially if you are hardworking as you describe , so do n't worry , you 'll surely get there . 
  i advise you to try and plan studies in another city , it 's great . 
  be brave . 
  noone is more important in your life than yourself . 
  you deserve privacy and respect . 
  you can have whatever interests you want . 
  you do n't need to actually fight with your family if you think this would make things even worse for you . 
  just remember that it 's okay to be mad and it 's normal and healthy to want and demand some things in your life to be your way . 
  if you ever need more help than you got in this 400 comments here , hit me up . 
  you did n't do anything wrong . 
  but do n't be too harsh on her too , maybe she genuinely had a super bad day or something and now regrets what she 's done . 
  let her meet you and apologize . 
  your relationship needs to be ended at least its sexual part , since her needs seem to be shifted from the initial agreement . 
  but i think it ca n't hurt to try to talk and clear things up . 
  unless you are fine with that and not actually emotionally hurt , just mad that you were unfairly treated by a friend in front of neighbors ( which is the vibe i got from your post ) . 
   look into a new living arrangement . 
  uhhh why ? 
  because some girl made a scene about him ? 
  chill out , shit like this happens , it does n't mean all the neighbors will start to treat op like a pariah from now on and throw stones at him . 
  have you even read the freaking op ? 
  i second this , it 's a very nice sub . 
  hey , i often feel pretty similar to you , so maybe i can help . 
  my advice is , do n't fight your anxiety or annoyance . 
  it 's okay to be annoyed by stupid things . 
  everyone gets anxious sometimes . 
  you can be envious and still a greyou do n't have to delete your traits that you perceive as bad or weird . 
  this is exactly the same thing that you want to do to the external world - getting rid of stuff that pisses you off - except you are doing it to yourself . 
  and it 's an impossible quest . 
  people are not perfect . 
  you will not be perfect , ever . 
  your flat wo n't be perfectly clean . 
  your friends wo n't be perfectly supportive . 
  your life wo n't be perfectly fine . 
  you wo n't be a guy who always does and feels everything right . 
  and that 's okay . 
  and noone is . 
  stop tormenting yourself , it 's just a waste of energy . 
  stop trying to fix and un-do things that make you unhappy . 
  let them be , and start creating and doing things that make you happy . 
  it 's awful that it 's so easy to destroy the experience for so many people simply using some bots ... why would people even want to do that ? 
  garen *, 
  it 's a term for customers that pay huge amount of money even in very bad games . 
  many mobile games follow a business model to abuse the shit of every manipulation method possible to get people addicted to the game and its microtransactions . 
  apparently getting people to pay and even ruin their lives over a game has zero to do with increasing the game quality and fun that you can get from it . 
  it 's covered for example [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbtxyv0q1eg ) , [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqtfo_e_ea0 ) and [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhz9oxy86a0 ) , i really recommend everyone interested in f2p and pogo business model to watch these videos , they are very informative . 
  in civilised countries studies are free . 
  because child 's needs = adult 's needs . 
  yeah , no . 
  of course in some countries it is . 
  first you say that $ 800 is enough for child 's needs , then you make it $ 1600 . 
  nice . 
  i have no children , husband or ex-husband , i do have however a magical thing called empathy . 
  child support is not supposed to be half . 
  it 's supposed to be enough to support your children and make them not hurt by the divorce , whether that 's 20 % or 80 % of their financial needs . 
  also stop sending me creepy pms with phrases like `` avoidance of logic '' , `` every downvote was out of anger and spite for men or an ex husband '' and `` true feminism '' lol . 
  you said that $ 800 should be enough to cover child 's needs , both in your initial post and in an edit to it . 
  then in your next comment you said that actually $ 800 = $ 1600 and that should be enough to cover child 's needs . 
  make up your mind . 
  btw saying `` you are all wrong '' and `` grow up '' does n't make your argument any more * logical * . 
  the rivers should be clear and the rain should only fall every fourth day . 
  aaaaand it 's done . 
  never change reddit . 
  you could simply adjust ip gains to no runes in the system . 
  they do n't even need to lose money . 
  ** they can simply adjust ip gains after runes are not in the system . 
  ** this explanation is bullshit . 
  dude . 
  thanks to you i googled `` butthole tattoo '' . 
  fuck you . 
  oh my god . 
  this is the most satisfying thing i 've ever seen here . 
  exactly , why would you try to prevent developing worse health issues when there are * people dying * ? 
  it just makes no sense !, 
  ... piss on them ? 
  i live in poland and for majority of citizens here health care is free as well . 
  i 've never seen a `` line waiter '' , however it is like you describe when it comes to urgent care , and for some medical specialties you need to wait for like 2 years for a visit . 
  the reason is mostly that polish health care is ** drastically ** underfunded , comparing to other eu countries . 
  but . 
  on the other hand , i 've never seen anyone being simply denied needed health care . 
  when you need a specialist you will often need to pay to get to see them faster ( in private clinic ) , but every doctor in public health care i 've seen so far was actually dedicated to help you the best they can , even if you have zero money . 
  and if you had an accident or something really urgent is happening , i 've been taught not to go to `` urgent care '' , but to call an ambulance , which is free , and after it comes you will surely get the necessary life - or health-saving help in hospital . 
  basically , our health care system is fucked , but comparing to us it 's still heaven on earth . 
  i ca n't help but love this description though :, 
   social anxiety ? 
  easily distracted ? 
  want something that will really confuse your family ? 
  try this out !, 
   this is sure to help you stay focused in bed , never get distracted while hitting it from behind again !, 
   be the talk of every party , become the rectal tilt a whirl you 've dreamt of , legitimately identify as that apache attack helicopter you 've always known you really where !, 
   imagine the look on coworkers faces as they watch your stress levels bottom out , this toy could be the thing that keeps you cool and collected , any time your stressed , just sit and spin !, 
  seriously . 
  typescript is the best thing that ever happened to humanity . 
  all webdevs should switch to it asap . 
  agreed . 
  hahahahah fuck all your beta languages #javascriptmasterrace,
