  do what is fun for you , do n't care about what people do . 
  if you do n't care about them coming to their names , there 's nothing bad that can happen because of renaming . 
  you 're not weird . 
  you 're original . 
  rats can behave weird even three months after you first got them . 
  do n't freak out after such a short time . 
  your rat will surely become more brave and interested in its surroundings . 
  you have maybe 2 years together ahead , he likely wo n't be a coward forever : ) . 
  a rat ca n't be hurt or traumatized only because he was moved to a different place . 
  maybe a little confused , but he 'll get over it soon . 
  chill out . 
  get a second rat asap . 
  be sure to introduce them properly , do n't just throw them together into one cage . 
  rats can be violent when they first meet . 
  getting them to accept each other is a process that should take a minimum of a few days , up to a month . 
  read up about that . 
  this cage ( 32x43x61 cm ) is tiny for any kind of animal and too small for two rats . 
  it 's also overpriced . 
  get a bigger one ( 80x40x80 cm is an absolute minimum !, 
  ) , keep this one as a backup . 
  ask around in local rat owners fb groups where to get a solid cage for a decent price . 
  they will grow fast , if you do n't want them to stay forever uncomfortable better invest in a bigger cage soon . 
  be warned that rats are costly animals in terms of vets and treatment costs . 
  a cage is like a fraction of what you 'll pay for them if you want to be a responsible owner . 
  ok , then let 's not do * too many * timeouts ? 
   the left continue to confuse me , they constantly preach saying women should be able to `` choose what thy do with their bodies '' , but scream `` nazism '' at anyone who chooses to abort a disabled baby . 
  so can you point out where do you have leftists like this ? 
  i 'm asking 100 % seriously . 
  we would need some smart person to tell us . 
  thanks \\ ^ __ ^, 
  there is an ice dragon legend ? 
  what the fuck . 
  i do n't even know if it makes sense or not . 
  this made me laugh harder than any meme today , thank you kind sir, 
  what if littlefinger 's plan was exactly to drive brienne away from sansa , so she has noone fully loyal to protect her around ? 
  exactly , it 's not like we can physically force him to do anything . 
  that does n't mean he does n't deserve moaning and bitching all day long about his ridiculous procrastination and giving fans false hopes year after year . 
  he has the right to ignore it if that 's what he chooses to do . 
  screw the bad choices . 
  yeah , fuck living people , ca n't let them have what they want after you 're already dead . 
  ok now i want it to happen . 
  rip camera bro . 
  died trying to protect you from murderous insects . 
  yeah , you like that , you fucking retard ?!, 
  * proceeds to throw his paper into the bin *, 
  i mean . 
  what ? 
  that was a really bad episode . 
  it was fun , sure , but it was so stupid it kinda stopped being fun . 
  terrorists want you to fear . 
  if you do that , they succeed . 
  if you want them not to succeed , you need to stop being afraid . 
  even seen [ this photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hkscc2w.jpg ) ? 
  it was taken in paris after charlie hebdo attacks . 
  this is the correct reaction to terrorism . 
  it sounds dangerous wtf . 
  did it get hurt ? 
  this is ... literally all the worst things he could say . 
  wow . 
  `` fantasy world '' does n't mean it 's crazy and illogical . 
  it just has additional kinds of objects and rules in it . 
  because it 's stupid ? 
  and it does n't even address the point . 
  `` this world does n't follow its own rules '' `` but it 's a fantasy world '' - huh ??? 
  it 's not even a response to the original concern . 
  i think they were mainly hunting , not traveling . 
  horses could 've make this harder ( not sure though ) . 
  nice quote though . 
  three years ago my diamond friend decided to `` teach me how to support '' , proceeded to pick veigar into my sona . 
  i still feel cheated . 
  i played fiddle in arurf yesterday . 
  best urf game ever . 
  this sounds just pointless then . 
  seriously , leave the poor bot alone . 
  it 's not its fault that some units of measure need to be translated to normal human language . 
   gender is something other than a mental state influenced by various chemicals in the brain , that 's when i think it crosses the line into pseudo-science, 
  ok so what do your `` pseudo-science people '' claim that gender is ? 
  social construct ? 
  spiritual experience ? 
  mmm , i wish i was being ostracized , assaulted and mocked ... 
  i lose out on so much because of dem awful lefties !, 
  1 . a scientific ( gender studies ) statement that can be proven or disproven if you are qualified for that, 
  2 . her personal opinion on feminism, 
  3 . something she does n't like but seems logical anyway, 
  4 . her personal opinion on sexism, 
  5 . her personal opinion on sexism, 
  6 . something she does n't like, 
  7 . a detail about herself, 
  8 . something she does n't like, 
  most of the comments below are completely missing the point and creating strawman after strawman . 
  like she literally writes one thing but gets criticism for something completely different . 
  sarkeesian is not a pope who can not say anything wrong , and i really wanted to see what kind of idiotic shit has she presumably said , and is this really all you have on her ??? 
  everybody sometimes says something stupid , but sarkeesian has to be really cautious if that 's the worst you could find . 
  if this is seriously the worst display of `` stupidity '' that sarkeesian haters can compile , it 's only proving that their argument against her is ridiculously weak . 
   whatever they think , it seems to be a bit nonsensical, 
  are you for real claiming that this is logical counterargument to someone 's statement ? 
  without you even knowing what that statement is ?? 
  i ca n't even read this comment . 
  i gave up after 5 words . 
  it 's too much .
