  / u/rngdoombang , how were your sex experiences with all your previous partners ? 
  i 'm mainly interested in noises they made and shape of their genitals . 
  be specific . 
  it 's ama after all . 
  okay i wait for the answer !, 
  it 's ama , it 's totally appropriate to violate privacy of other people , so no real reason to overlook my perfectly valid and relevant question . 
  it makes no sense . 
  even if they bought champs with rp they can buy max 20 champs that are actually op in aram . 
  yup , pretty much worthless at this point . 
  level 11 , still catching all i meet , there 's not so much pokemon at every corner outside of states . 
  http://imgur.com/a/heooq live map of my city ... 
  same , i have nothing to live for now, 
  two words : grievous wounds . 
  it is not `` a reasonable tradeoff for a support '' . 
  hello , supports need items too . 
  yup they were so dead when we had pink ward trinket . 
  literally unplayable . 
  i 'm sure i saw 0 rengars or shacos back then . 
  right , i forgot supports are vision bots and not players in this game . 
  welcome back in season 1 . 
  this kills the game . 
  now kiss . 
  i 'm dying, 
  how can a catch rate bug be ios specific ? 
  catches are calculated server side ... 
  anyway , i experienced this bug as well , and i play on android . 
  yeah but even if you send to the server `` i threw excellent curve ball '' it 's still not `` i threw excellent curve ball and caught the pokemon with it '' . 
  if pokemon stays in pokeball is decided by server , not client . 
  i mean , this is the worst part of entire series . 
  i tried to rewatch it when i was lik 19 years old but was completely unable to because of team r. it 's such insignificant , bullshit waste of time , entertaining only for little kids . 
  why ? 
  most adcs are fine in their role recently . 
  not broken and not useless . 
  why do people think adcs need buffs all the time ? 
  for me sass is necessary and to think that there are people out there who do n't use it every day is unbelievable . 
  when we reported a missing piece to trefl ( polish puzzle company ) , they requested us to send a fragment of our finished-not finished picture in an envelope and they sent back a full set . 
  i imagine it 's harder to send a specific piece than to send a whole new box . 
  no its not, 
  it 's not entirely useless though . 
  some people will feel a need to adjust their behaviour . 
  100 pages of legal stuff is not a simple sentence you have to agree to . 
  well they did play some battles with team r like 3v1 and nobody cared . 
  if you fight for challenge go like in gym battle , if you fight because of other reason then who cares about rules and types . 
  just throw all your pokemon in at once . 
  this . 
  also , my sister has tried this and got 0 km on her eggs . 
  depends on your gps accuracy i guess but seriously , do n't do this to your battery . 
  who is this guy anyway ? 
  he has his own channel ? 
  for whom is he doing montages ? 
  i mean is there any reason to build it over zz ` rot ? 
  this ... 
  how is it possible to mess it up so hard though ? 
  even my first amigurumi totoro was n't half that bad , even though it 's made from shitty yarn and stuffed wrong side out . 
  you both have interesting ideas , will try that out . 
  so far i 've only used front loop invisible decrease . 
  i would like to know as well !, 
  when there are multiple decrease rounds it 's really hard to keep those stitches looking good . 
  this is amazing . 
  the fanmade anime animation ? 
  it was n't really that awesome ... 
  relevant flair ? 
  hey , it 's not criticism , i mean even the author would possibly agree bottom ones are pretty messy ( therefore `` progress '' in title ) . 
  i am genuinely curious . 
  no idea what does that mean , but it is a thing . 
  it would seems most names are related to god and holiness . 
  but there is one problem , generally most names come from bible or other systems of beliefs like greek/romanian gods , nordic gods etc. 
  and it 's very very common for a name to mean something like `` blessed '' `` gift from god '' etc. 
  wtf ? 
  will they ban people also for making screenshots ? 
  or using messenger which also has overlay functionality ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i do n't see how is it worth the zillion dust . 
  i still transfer great iv pokes that are extremely underleveled . 
  if it has a decent level and bite/hyper beam after evolution , it 's actually very good gym prestige grinder ( can take down pokes with twice his cp if you are good at dodging ) . 
  seel is common where i live . 
  and drowzee is everywhere . 
  i am sure i would n't care so much if it was n't resonating so hard with my childhood nostalgia . 
  thank you mr. bot , that 's helpful . 
  i know how to do vertical centering , but it often feels like overkill for something that actually should be achieved with one line of ` vertical-align ` for inline elements . 
  i know what this property theoretically means and what is baseline . 
  but this specification does n't really explain why does this property affect other elements and bugs out often for no real reason . 
  i know flexbox super well . 
  i want to learn vertical-align as well . 
  thank you but thank you . 
  so what is this vertical-align 's specific purpose that does n't have in scope vertically centering inline elements ? 
  i genuinely do n't know . 
  the last article you linked is excellent !, 
  my head hurts but i feel a bit more informed now . 
  thank you . 
  you will find examples in this article ( `` movement of the line box 's baseline '' section ) that / u/tinypixelpuff shared in another comment : http://christopheraue.net/2014/03/05/vertical-align/, 
  i mean how is it possible that he did n't run away ? 
  i think this can get you banned in pogo . 
  no dev wants their cash taken away without communicating with them directly . 
  this was my first thought . 
  i do n't get this decision honestly . 
  how do you think can they not know they do n't have your money anymore ? 
  so you say berries actually do n't affect catch rate ? 
  so you think it goes like `` yo niantic , its me apple , gim me back your money for no reason '' ? 
  i 'll just ask ios developers from my company tomorrow : ),
