  even nibh . 
  until propaganda . 
  soccer advantage of the, 
  scores . 
  soccer is for you . 
  then . 
  gluten . 
  but who wants to . 
  there is no freedom . 
  live, 
  for hydrogen . 
  but no , now i need performance, 
  itself . 
  until portittor reserved football pain . 
  courses blockage . 
  eros.quisque antioxidants was worth it . 
  for malesuada football pain . 
  tomorrow pregnancy , biochemical, 
  bananas mass foot diam . 
  the latest targeted . 
  clinical and very sad , and no, 
  antioxidants . 
  even vehicles or pot, 
  scores . 
  stress arrows in front of a pot . 
  no need eu felis . 
  integer always networks . 
  for a simmer to bed . 
  until the court . 
  even nibh . 
  until propaganda . 
  until always scores, 
  affordable , improve ecological environment . 
  for no . 
  first letters : ` eapbfptamftlbstpnicerpbasnnfpfedar ` ( or skip one n if you count the space at the beginning of the line ) . 
  a few notes :, 
  * i tried to decode first letters , use in urls etc. 
  but with no success . 
  * first 8 lines are truncated by sheet corner . 
  9 lines if you count one empty line . 
  * it 's a text created by an unrelated graphic designer so english meaning does n't matter . 
  only letters can . 
  * there are two spaces after dots missing and one additional space at the beginning of the 4th paragraph but it 's probably not important . 
  * please proofread and let me know if i mistyped something . 
  i am completely sure that this can be the missing clue to 5d9a . 
  it was left for us in plain sight . 
  edit : fixed transcription - i missed a one whole line . 
  edit2 : recreated missing parts ( just googling around ) :, 
  only missing parts :, 
  edit3 : it 's an icon created by an independent designer but still can have something they used to encode other puzzles . 
  do you even ask them for permission or copypaste without thinking ? 
  edit : clarification - you would n't get gold or any kind of stacks for them . 
  just make them not existing . 
   we 're currently not planning to bring over the item set creator feature from the legacy client . 
  basically only an incredibly tiny percentage of players ever used the feature , and we 've heard from many players that y' all do n't care whether we bring item sets over so long as we continue to support 3rd party item set customization tools like championify -- and we will !, 
  [ source ] ( http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/client-update/article/4ac7a0bc-8847-40cd-8efb-aa5aa3a660f4 ), 
  some reactions from boards ( none of multiple threads was responded to by a rioter so far ) :, 
  [ the reason only a small percentage of people use item sets is because they 're a bitch to make . 
  ] ( http://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/gameplay-balance/qgritzqm-the-reason-only-a-small-percentage-of-people-use-item-sets-is-because-theyre-a-bitch-to-make ), 
  [ petition to keep item sets ] ( http://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/gameplay-balance/awrfq6ze-petition-to-keep-item-sets ), 
  [ please riot do n't do this ] ( http://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/gameplay-balance/42kfomzo-were-currently-not-planning-to-bring-over-the-item-set-creator-feature-from-the-legacy-client ), 
  [ at least update recommended items ] ( http://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/gameplay-balance/viwxpooa-only-a-tiny-percentage-of-players-use-item-sets-so-we-are-not-bringing-it-to-the-new-client ), 
  i love sass . 
  and i 'm unfortunate to prefer the cleaner . sass syntax . 
  now how am i supposed to google this shit ? 
  every time i setup a project , be it webpack , rails , django , ember , every time i try to figure out how to use sass and all i can find out is how to compile . scss . 
  i do n't want . scss !, 
  i want . sass !, 
  they 're different things to compilers , to builders and to me !, 
  i know how it happened , i know that . scss for some reason is considered better/more modern , but for the love of god could n't you just call this new shit scss or whatever else ? 
  how is . sass sass and . scss is also sass ? 
  are you serious ? 
  what were you thinking ? 
  now every `` sass-compiler '' is sometimes . sass compiler , sometimes . scss compiler and sometimes both . 
  yeah this makes sense . 
  sorry but it pisses me off every time so much and i had to vent . 
  i hope you guys can understand me . 
  a lot of you seem to spend time complaining about pogo ( and there 's so much to complain about ! ) . 
  by any means , this critique is totally justified and a right ( and only ) thing to do if you want this game to get better . 
  but honestly , is it even worth your time ? 
  i bought a better phone only to play pogo . 
  i suffered from bad gym gameplay design , no tracker , bad catch rates , no items , no pokestops , no pokemon , boring grind etc. 
  just like a lot of you guys . 
  the phone i bought surely enough broke after 3 months . 
  you know what ? 
  i play now pokemon emerald on my shitty phone which still can run gba emulator and i have so much fun with this awesome game . 
  especially in comparison to pogo where i suffered boringness and frustration from just about every single gameplay element . 
  pogo for many people seems to be like toxic relationship when it 's so shitty but you still really really want to make it work even though it does n't even depend on you . 
  you think the other person is special and worth the effort so you 'll whine all the time for them to change instead of just dropping it altogether and moving on . 
  sometimes it 's better to move on . 
  find something that really gives you fun . 
  i had high hopes for this game like all of us but it 's just bad and boring for me and i do n't see any reason to play it now that i stopped . 
  if it gets better in the future , sure why not . 
  but right now , it 's not worth my time and frustration . 
  maybe it 'll help some of you . 
  basically title ... 
  played vanilla 1.10 on lan , screwed up pretty badly , is there any way to go back a couple hours ? 
  edit : this is mainly linked to restoring inventory of one player who died . 
  is this inventory list saved anywhere by vanilla upon death ? 
  [ removed ],
