  seriously though , is this so fun that all his stats , cooldowns , other skills are wrapped around this one crazy skillshot ? 
  every time he somehow becomes viable with his shit stats , he 's obnoxious to play against because you can dodge his grab all game and he still grabs some carry in late game and wins the game for no reason . 
  his existence forces your entire team to not go a centimeter out of position for entire game , his map pressure is just stupid . 
  on the other hand if his enemies do n't make mistakes he becomes almost useless aside from decent peel ( does n't have any ally steroids , does n't have poke ) . 
  his design is outdated , binary and frustrating to almost all people involved . 
  it 's the poppy and taric all over again . 
  yeah maybe for some people it 's fun , but it seriously has to go at some point . 
  i 'm not gon na talk to you if you are going to treat me like inferior human being because you bothered to stalk my rank . 
  you obviously are right in everything you say because you even watch aphromoo so no need for my gold3 scrub input . 
  have a nice day : ), 
  but she 's squishy and so hard to play she should have unique mechanics hurr durr, 
  oh my god, 
  annie existence does n't in any way prove that blitz is fine . 
  there 's no old champion wrapped as much around one ability . 
  besides warwick who is getting a rework next month or so . 
  something something squishy and vulnerable, 
  are you a programmer ? 
  change client language, 
  you pass butter . 
  i got that reference . 
  i. . . do n't see a problem here ? 
  maybe he does n't want to win more ? 
  maybe he just wants to spam his retarded sona over and over ? 
  400k points is really something . 
  why do n't you let him do his thing ? 
  if you play duo , just stop playing duo . 
  tell him `` your builds are retarded and i want to climb but feel held back . 
  we can play normals for fun together but rankeds i prefer alone '' . 
  climb separately from him and move on . 
  not everybody has to have the same idea about having fun in lol . 
  this game is made also for people who just want to mess around with crazy builds and do n't mind staying in bronze forever . 
  depends on your elo . 
  i do n't think janna is that easy vs good players . 
  i played some normals with diamond friends and it took me a lot of time to stop being completely bad and useless as janna . 
  yeah you do n't die but how good is a support that gives up pressure ? 
  if you want to only press one spell from backline , pick soraka , her heal is way better for that than janna e. 
  it would be fun for me if i knew how to play other roles or had normal draft queue to practice . 
  but both rito took away from me . 
  i got ta be support for life because i do n't want to fight over roles in blind and play roles i do n't know in ranked . 
  i died countless times as leona because i went in and my teammate decided to go wolves instead of following . 
  low elo leona is much more painful than any other support , your own team kills you over and over by not following and/or suicide attempts ( which force you to sacrifice ) . 
  in the last game i had a guy who actually teleported to bot once . 
  i was so shocked i honored him for teamwork . 
  i thought general agreement amongst toplaners is that you are allowed to use tp only for returning to lane or you lose like million style points . 
  just slap them with ad runes . 
  bard autos are no joke . 
  i mean , i definitely consider janna more useful than soraka , but you mentioned you only brainlessly use one spell on her , and for that soraka is better . 
  generally janna is freelo recently and i have no idea why is she allowed to be so good . 
  guess it wo n't last long ? 
  there can be only one good roaming support . 
  awww she 's such a good friend < 3, 
  what should i pm ? ... 
  dude your calculation is wrong . 
  you should assume that always 2.5 s of bard 's ult cooldown is during zhonya . 
  this is 6 % upgrade . 
  who waaants to liiive foreveeeer, 
  case closed . 
  so why do you recommend me to play teemo jungle ? 
  blah blah men are simple machines , women are top notch managers , reality is easy and predictable . 
  i urge you to try `` the other half of the humanity '' instead of `` girls '' . 
  it 's possible to mix two styles , you know . 
  stuff does n't have to perfectly fit one another . 
  welcome to postmodernism when rules are made up and traditions do n't count . 
   every second you spend declining to procreate is squandered opportunity to conceive children, 
  exactly, 
  what are you even doing with your life, 
  but you died once !, 
  shame, 
  lol . 
  i prefer to have accurate stats instead of boosting them artificially tho . 
  the whole problem with rengar is that he does n't only get to kill people out of position , he can just jump in 3 people group ( one carry two utility/tanks ) , get a kill and get out with 0 possiblity for them to react , it 's just stupid . 
  counterplay to assasins should be wards , grouping , ccing them and buying resists , none of these works for invisible champ with a leap in his combo , whose builds makes him extremely fast , double invisible to wards and ignoring armor . 
  it 's worse than 5 ad, 
  pantheon ??? 
  how do i cc rengar in 0.05 second between him becoming visible and my adc being dead ? 
  it 's only possible if rengar fucks up and does n't burst the carry fast enough . 
  she 's right . 
  it 's only fair !, 
  does n't sona have the highest winrate on howling abyss ? 
  come on , every soraka should use it , even on aram . 
  yes i never said cleanse is any problem . 
  not bjerg but for me a comfortable mouse ( razor deathadder in my case ) and a cheap mousepad with wrist rest really helped . 
  i 'm a programmer , using computer 24/7 . 
  used to have terrible right hand wrist pain to the point i had to bandage my wrist for days to be even able to work . 
  thankfully not anymore . 
  yes sometimes i think i am bjerg too and then syndra solokills me : (, 
  it 's no problem though , i just imagine syndra is faker and i 'm fine, 
  yes i moved mouse only from wrist anyway but it did n't work so well when it lied flat on the desk . 
  now the changed angle makes it really easy and painless . 
  maybe just try it out . 
  a lot of intense clicking is definitely a problem , well , i just solved it by going to work instead of playing lol all day : p, 
  100 miles ?!, 
  so 4 miles per hour for 24 hours ? 
  is that even possible ? 
  one time ? 
  wow , a woman in bikini !, 
  quick , make a post to let everyone know there is a woman in bikini on the internet !, 
  guys in school will never believe !, 
  i remember i watched them on tv with my family and even recorded it on vhs ... we were so sad when they stopped doing them : (, 
  how is this allowed on this sub ?
