  unfortunately poking them down does n't mean you won lane but that your adc starts to feel overconfident , pushes , engages and dies because you are sona and ca n't help them . 
  this happens to me often . 
  roaming with her also is n't really an option . 
  i had some bad games on sona recently . 
  not long ago i had  4 kda on her . 
  well okay , i will try harder not to die ... 
  yes , i love playing with higher placed friends just for this reason , in higher elo every ward and item active can mean so much . 
  my point is that there is usually not too many wards to destroy . 
  some `` supports '' even do n't buy sighstone whole game . 
  my post is about people doing random things . 
  let 's assume that people in your game do random things . 
  assuming that you theoretically know how the game works , what do you do . 
  this is my question . 
  i know how to use her passive and often use it with w and e. 
  the point is `` playing better '' , um ... does n't work . 
  if i do a perfect engage and it does n't work it can be not because engage was bad but because follows were nonexistent . 
  ( i 'm not talking about engage 10000 miles from entire team , just proper engage in close range 4v3 for example . ), 
  i played a lot of normals above my mmr and they were challenging but not just plain dumb like now . 
  i feel like my ranked games are both easy and impossible to understand , they are just random . 
  this does n't happen to me so often when i play normals ( higher mmr probably ) . 
  i do n't cry because my team is bad and keeps me from climbing . 
  i 'm asking ** what should * i * do ** to win games if both ** my team and enemy team ** behaves randomly , is undecisive , ignores calls and pings and chases for kills . 
  i already wrote in higher comment that i do use oracle vs stealth champs . 
  well thank you . 
  it 's really disheartening that some people here see only rant in my question . 
  i seriously do n't know how to deal with random things happening when i want only to have a reasonable game : (, 
  i do n't know how mean you have to be to get something like this from my comment . 
  i do n't know , sometimes people go to kill me only because they can , for example some flash ult suicidal warwick . 
  it 's not like i can make it impossible for them , if they really want to they will kill me . 
  i can just make it unreasonable and punishing as much as possible . 
  yes , she 's super good but i do n't really like playing her , i prefer sona 's `` harder , better , faster , stronger '' poke style and possibility to build burst ap/utility carry if things go well . 
  ( one time i supported as soraka in some really really low game with one lvl 12 , melee stance jinx etc. 
  it was awful because even tho i was probably the best player in the team even with shotcalling on skype i could n't do shit in the game , just hope i can put out enough hp to somehow outheal enemy carries . 
  i feel that not doing any real damage makes it really hard to have an impact on a low game . 
  but maybe it 's only me ? ), 
  top is fine , top can at least tp or splitppush . 
  but adc feels impossible to carry with , no idea why do people want to play this role . 
  one assasin and incompetent peeler and you do n't get to play league of legends . 
  i make calls all the time . 
  i tell people not to chase kills every time when they do . 
  they do n't listen . 
  and this is case i 'm asking about - i do n't want to hopelessly try to change other people 's behaviour , i want to adapt . 
  yes , i do all the things related to vision control . 
  yes , i probably can do them better . 
  still i do n't think this is the main problem but i can try out upgrading red trinket if you really think that this will be an improvement . 
  i really do n't like and ca n't use mikaels as an item , this is probably where i can improve . 
  there 's so much cc in fights flying left and right i do n't even know what should i do with active . 
  ( reasoning behind 18 deaths sona : if you are super behind lategame better to try to defend than afk at fountain protecting kda . 
  the count being 18 means that enemy team really really did n't know how to end a game being so much ahead and were just winning fights over and over not going for the nexus . ), 
  sometimes it 's not about a good trade , sometimes it 's about going `` omg they are low i will make playz omg '' flash dive w aa aa , ( surprisely ) dying and then going `` omg sona you no help '' ; ), 
  but this is not what my post is about : ) . 
  i do n't want to blame bad adcs , i want to understand how to still win games when they do unpredictable things . 
  well kill lanes happen fairly often . 
  people in low elo often do n't want to take traditional supports and go some random champ with spellthief instead . 
  about sona 's range , getting in position to ult or q + aa can be dangerous . 
  i agree . 
  i just looked for the cheapest way to `` get into the game '' with runes and runepages . 
  : ) i think that if you try out champs before buying you would still earn more ip than you would have time to learn newly bought champs . 
  i own about 30 ? 
  champs and still do n't know well half of them after a year . 
  i always dodge thresh ult , no matter in which team the thresh is . 
  actually would n't it be fun to watch pros playing on a `` standard '' potato with `` normal '' 60-80 ping ? 
  wtf man . 
  saying `` i ward entire map '' i meant `` i ward enemy jungle early and try to leave wards helpful to other lanes while roaming '' . 
  of course i ca n't ward all the map with 3 +1 wards . 
  it 's ridiculous how some people in this thread look for evidence that i 'm an idiot . 
  yeaaaaah because supports at lvl 4 do n't mean shit right, 
  if riot added to trinket `` passive : whenever you place a ward you get +1 ad and +1 ap '' i 'm sure the map would become lighten up like a fucking christmas tree, 
  silence gets much lower cd when maxed and its damage is comparable to q. 
  guess which one is more impactful in teamfights ; ), 
  ahhhhh sweet tears of all these katarinas silenced mid ult < 3, 
  you ca n't leave your team as an adc lategame . 
  if you want to splitpush just do n't play adc or accept that you have to stay with tank and support wherever they want to go ... even if it 's not the best place to be . 
  but hey man this is awesome, 
  diamond skarner anyone ? 
  lol how is this even possible, 
  `` upgraded red trinkets '' ?? 
  stop discriminating adcs for building mikaels , it 's op item, 
  upgrade pink wards buy trinkets, 
  have to agree with that , you can only have about 3 pinkwards on map , even if you had one with you all the time you ca n't ward with them every path you 'd want to . 
  is n't keith still contracted with team liquid ? 
  no idea bro , no idea . 
  seconded, 
  lustboy joined last year and ca n't speak english , santorin joined this year , and bjergsen probably does n't have friends at all . 
  has to be turtle . 
  well he kinda does , but it 's hard to understand right away and he still rarely speaks english publicly . 
  she falls off badly lategame , she ca n't afford build that would make her useful and any standard support build does n't work on her at all . 
  she has good ratios , very low movespeed , no escape , unreliable stun , wall that does n't save her from anyone with a dash . 
  she 's less snowball-y than annie and more mana hungry than vel ` koz . 
  all her spells cost a lot of mana at every stage of the game . 
  i like anivia and i main support , i tried that and i assure you that for support she 's shit-tier . 
  true . 
  but i still want to have him . 
  i 'm currently working on a cover to your lyrics : ) . 
  i can record it but probably will need someone with montage know-how to make a video with lyrics - any volunteers ? 
  edit : ( also a native english speaker would be nice to just check if my accent is acceptable : ) ), 
  this is my point exactly , of course he may be too `` simple '' for more experienced players , but i think he is great in lower elos . 
  also i do n't know , there is a lot of champions who are very predictable and straighforward , like annie , still considered very strong even in lcs not because of flexibility but other advantages . 
  amumu is simple , but simplicity is as good as it is bad sometimes . 
  yasuo , malph , orianna , kalista , alistar - welcome to the league of knockups,
