  i play on eune which is about the size of na and draft queues there never have been long . 
  you should be able also to copy entire sheet to your google account and do anything you want with it . 
  for me it 's 315 while completely idle at home screen , goes up to 370 when i change screens . 
  honestly to lag something written in js to the point of taking 300 mb ram you have to really try , even if they used custom chromium build . 
  client just does way too much shit which is supposed to be cool but is just laggy and not needed . 
  it is already on production . 
  it literally requires your machine to be able to handle one single overloaded browser tab . 
  i feel you brother . 
   i expect whoever put the `` download replay '' button in its place to have an ass instead of their head . 
  lol i ca n't even find it, 
  hmm it 's weird , i noticed it today but i 'm pretty sure it was n't there before ? 
  what are you talking about ? ... 
  teemo        rumble, 
  any plans on universe-scale plots involving bard , aurelion sol , maybe soraka or some future champs ? 
  what is bard trying to say to us ? 
  what is the purpose of meeps , are they like his creations or more like companions ? 
  what is the egg/sphere from his cinematic ? 
  does bard have something to do with the watchers ? 
  will you say something more about the watchers ? 
  also i just wanted to say i really love your mysterious champs coming straight from runeterran lores , like bard , tk , anivia or kindred . 
  it really feels like there 's something special to them . 
  is used by users = on production . 
  i 'm a developer so you do n't need to explain to me what production is lol . 
  if you counterjungle you are kinda required to know where the jungler is all the time without wards . 
  nooooooo, 
  i do n't hate you : (, 
  this is really great !, 
  i would never forget about boots . 
  going without them is so painfully slow . 
  argh . 
  hehe penis, 
  you need probably to add a 1000 tests to that to check if you did n't acctidentaly mute some global champion sounds of weird stuff like this . 
  we are not even talking about the client ... 
  maybe you should educate yourself about riot 's development process and codebase state , as they wrote many interesting and detailed posts about that . 
  example : https://engineering.riotgames.com/news/automated-testing-league-legends, 
  uhhhhh no it is not ... 
  i love this thread . 
  only you can hear me summoner . 
  what masterpiece shall we play today ? 
  ( i still try to pretend that only i can hear her :'( ), 
  wtf is he even trying to say ? 
  not if one of them has some offmeta pick prepared . 
  thank you , your translation makes this way more clear !, 
  you have to stay off reading your reddit messages every 7 days if you ever commented under some series theory ? 
  that 's some next level . 
  because it is stupid . 
  people do n't go to some strangers comments to respond with spoilers only because of * excitement * . 
  it 's to be assholes and spoil the episode if case he has n't watched it live . 
  face it . 
  yeah exactly , i love the character , not sure what 's wrong with her in op 's opinion ... 
  she could n't believe ford and bernard are really gon na do it until the last moment . 
  [ mr robot spoiler ] ( #s `` it 's tyrell and elliot all over again ... ohgodwhy '' ), 
  i think this is a kind of thing that young people tend to say when they like something very much . 
  i ca n't believe anyone who watched mr. 
  robot can like got or ww over mr. 
  this show is pure , mature genius . 
  wow so i 'm not the only one !, 
  and i 'm not only fine with the ending , i actually liked it !!, 
  i will miss her ... : (, 
  we did it . 
  ... do n't be so stressed out , just lie here , make yourself comfortable, 
  avocado and lime ? 
  hey i didnt ask you, 
  lol i would honestly prefer that over that laggy as hell monster . 
  this is the real issue here : literally forcing your users into social interactions they simply do n't want . 
  this is the path of very shitty f2p games . 
  and they seem to be going down it . 
  i hope they change direction some time in the future . 
  are n't they specifically trained to be obedient even with random people ? 
  you would n't believe how hard it is to find good porn when you 're a woman . 
  honestly i do n't want to shoot people and see people shot or wounded . 
  i do n't know am i weird or something ? 
  sex is literally the most pleasurable thing human can perform . 
  like ford said , everything there is , is only an elaborated mating ritual . 
   and , to answer the obvious question next , we watch westworld very carefully , with one hand on the remote . 
  what obvious question ?? 
  you destroyed my dreams of making it work one day ... 
  thanks for the answer tho . 
  how do you deal with practicing , hearing and seeing the same parts over and over ? 
  this is not true . 
  humans are not rational . 
  actions that you do in westworld can not affect citizens of westworld , but can and will affect you . 
  people 's emotions are not magically impervious to horrible things happening because they are not `` real '' . 
  if you did n't care about not real things , then you would never give a single fuck about any game , series or story in general . 
  but you are aware that this is literally the same thing ? 
  for me it 's still shocking and upsetting . 
  so much this . 
  blood , murdering , war ? 
  fine , no problem , this is a normal thing that happens to everyone , we all know it well and are n't afraid of it at all !, 
  bare female breast , genitalia , sex ? 
  oh no hold on here we ca n't show our children this unacceptable thing that would break their life if they were to encounter it . 
  this is just stupid . 
  there are cultures where killing is unacceptable/expected and there are cultures where raping is unacceptable/expected . 
  thank you , i loved it , especially the comments about giving birth to women . 
  wtf did i just watch, 
  well you still have to download 2-3gb update wvery two weeks . 
  i tried voice chat with randoms quite a few times in lol ( like i queue solo but some people invite me to join their discord or situation like this ) . 
  literally every time i had very negative experience . 
  * i 'm a grill so everyone loses their mind when they hear me and start talking creepy shit like `` how do you look like '' `` what 's your name '' `` link your fb profile '' . 
  you could think it 's nothing but really annoys me to hear this crap for the 29107th time .
