  i also had people assuming that i 'm just a young boy or sth , not sure which one is worse . 
  * i play on eune and some people refuse to talk english ( yeah , after inviting me to their discord ... ) and talk with each other and laugh and you have no clue why . 
  it 's pretty common in text chat as well , but does n't feel as bad there . 
  * i hate people talking to me when i try to focus and make decisions . 
  they do n't help me at all , are usually dumber than me , and do n't listen to my calls anyway ( i main support so i 'm well trained to play macro , and they 're usually not ) . 
  they 're simply useless . 
  everything they want to communicate to me can be communicated with pings and without unnecessary yelling in crippled english . 
  overall , i certainly do n't miss voice chat at all . 
  if it gets introduced and becomes main way to communicate with people , i wo n't use it , and i will probably miss out on the pings ( like when you play with premade 4 and they 're on voice chat and do n't ping or communicate with you at all ) . 
  honestly i do n't think it can be made right , there 's so much things that make this feature stupid and unusable to me . 
   voicecomms are great when everybody is using them properly, 
  lol is a great game when everybody plays it properly ... 
  this thread is a depiction of 17-years-old 's conception of `` being mature '' . 
  you do n't like people yelling at you ? 
  what are you , a pussy or something ? 
  man up, 
  every time `` grill '' pisses you off , think about some delicious grilled vegetables . 
  nah it 's fine , at least as long as you can pretend you are not a woman . 
  it 's not about respect , more like equal treatment . 
  if you are not `` default '' , people will treat you different . 
  i do n't want anything different . 
  on text chat everyone assumes you 're a dude and people flame you or talk to you and it 's all normal . 
  i 'm completely fine with that . 
  but once they get to know you are not a dude they will treat you like a weirdo . 
  and being a woman is , like , you know , pretty common . 
  being treated like someone weird or special because you come from the other half of humanity makes literally no sense . 
  i do n't think i 'm doing anything wrong . 
  i 'm a human , join discord , get creepy comments or weird stuff going on , have a bad experience . 
  it 's not even about what i am doing but about what 's happening to me . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm just unlucky . 
  but even if 1/3 of my experiences were that bad , i still would n't want to use voice chat . 
  yeah i played with groups of people who are not random , but ingame voice chat feature is meant specifically to communicate with people who you get randomly matched with in ranked , right ? 
  premades already can communicate fine with 3rd party voice comms , so they do n't really need it added ingame . 
  i just want to play the damn game . 
  being a woman is not out of norm !!, 
  what the hell xd, 
  in lol there are probably less women than men , but it does n't mean getting special treatment is fine when you are a minority . 
  people should be judged because of their behaviour and not their gender or race or sth . 
  nah dude , let 's not go dramatic , being mistreated by a bunch of kids in a game does n't really bother me that much in my life . 
  there are certainly worse things happening to women all around the world . 
  yeah i agree , he has feelings , this is disgusting and definitely not normal , it 's really fortunate we have treatment for that . 
  it 's a veeeery broad topic ; the only thing i want to say here is to point out the very origins of gaming : who created games back then , who they were targeted and sold to , what kind of games was it . 
  women enjoy games just like men do , liking games is a very human thing . 
  there 's less women in gaming for a lot of dofferent reasons . 
  ( the main reason right now being literally `` there 's not a lot of women in gaming so i will have a hard time so i do n't want to be a woman in gaming '' . ), 
  haha it 's funny when you say that when i 'm in fact an adult and deal daily with a ton of hard emotional shit you would n't ever dream of . 
  i do n't understand that at all honestly , i think maybe it all comes down to the given game 's community . 
  but seriously , this is a topic for phd , i doubt anyone here can fully understand it without serious work . 
  still , trolls and feeders bother me way more than being unable to communicate with a bunch of kids using voice chat ( or even creepy jokes ) . 
  if you are an adult you have to agree with me !, 
  why do n't you agree with me !!, 
  i believe rito games aims to provide excellent gaming experience to all their players . 
  i 'm just pointing out that voice chat probably wo n't be a great experience to female players and eune/euw players . 
  so they should consider that . 
  forcing people to use 3rd party programs to have a good voice chat experience kinda defeats the point of implementing it ingame in the first place ( for those people ) . 
  honestly i 'm afraid to try to fix it because if it actually did something to me i would know i have tinnitus and could n't ignore it anymore d :, 
  yeah i get why they do that and i 'm not even offended because they are usually just stupid kids , it 's just annoying , that 's all . 
  seriously though , i like supporting , and my mechanics are potato , and there 's so much i would have to learn to play another role as well as i play support . 
  i considered mid or jungle but i 'm not sure if it 's worth it after about 1.5 year of playing support practically exclusively . 
  the role select kinda screwed me over , i used to play supp/jungle/adc but with role select i would just get support 100 % of the time so i stopped bothering to at least be in touch with other roles . 
  well , i literally shared my own personal experience , so wtf did you expect , your personal experience ? 
  eune is as big as na . 
  eune + euw are way bigger than na . 
  sorry , maybe i was n't clear enough , but i was n't criticizing you , i was sarcastic towards the other guy . 
  i get that . 
  well if they decide to introduce it , they will and i just wo n't use it . 
  i just wanted to point out that voice chat is n't necessarily better than text chat for everyone . 
  okay i have a different question : do you literally feel sexual desires every time you see a naked human or even a human during sex ? 
  because i do n't ... 
  ahh , the classic . 
  dude , this is incredible !, 
  good job !, 
  someone claims there 's a 100 % correct way to do something in css . 
  adorable . 
  it 's because humans change the world to make it more comfortable for humans . 
  if too much animals is a problem , they kill animals . 
  but even if too much humans is a problem , they wo n't kill the humans , because it would kinda defeat the point . 
  here , i explained it for you . 
  this is glorious . 
  also , many thanks , people from competitive systems !, 
  - signed a random redditor from / r/leagueoflegends, 
  as far as i can tell , possibly every queue needed to be re-done for the new client . 
  they did n't test ranked before in it ( i think ? ), 
  but tested other modes , and then wanted to introduce flex in open beta , so it seems the soloq was literally the last one to implement . 
  there may be alse some backend part that needed upgrade before soloq introduction , which is n't visible to us , like improving some big part of architecture or something . 
  remember that if they for example make a little change in soloq matchmaking or something , they will probably have to stick to it for entire season , rankeds are supposed to be available 24/7 , and when you implement new content in every patch there 's little time left for some bigger improvements . 
  also the real soloq was n't there for entire past season so it probably could n't be literally a copypaste of the code from 2 years ago , it needed adjustments to modern codebase . 
  these are only my guesses of course . 
  my money is on a soraka , she did as much damage as braum and probably healed you for more than you did damage . 
  then went unnoticed because people like to pretend soraka does n't exist . 
  delorean, 
  i mean , you 're memeing , but i legitimately was sure it 's some completely unknown character ... was it really elsie ? 
  yeah it 's like , you ca n't program a computer to literally feel emotions . 
  if your feelsadness ( ) and showsadness ( ) functions give the same result then the only difference is the names you gave them . 
  there is entire reasoning behind solipsism that applies to humans as well as robots and animals . 
  we will never know if something other than `` myself '' is truly sentient or only a well done soulless mechanism . 
  felix and sylvester = cat names = pussy names = bad poosi . 
  technicians storyline = dorne confirmed . 
  it 's not the actress ' fault her storyline is so lame and stupid . 
  : ( she really is trying , her scenes with daughter and generally without techs were completely fine .
