  new versions of js ( described in es2015-17 standards ) make plenty of sense . 
  and typescript fixes the worst stuff about raw js and makes using it a pleasure . 
  honestly we do n't need another language . 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wclqrl5_2y, 
  in poland health insurance is almost like a tax , everyone who works has to pay a percent of their income to the public insurance system . 
  this makes it possible even for the poorest to afford it , and unemployed , children and students are insured by the country . 
  wtf, 
  exactly , because no girl is allowed to be a good player on her own . 
  yup . 
   what a time to be a liver *, 
  ftfy, 
  i have no idea . 
  i did n't make it . 
  better comment under the youtube original . 
  if you need tips when you get stuck , hit me up . 
  other than that , i do n't have much free time to code right now . 
  but will littlefinger be dead ? 
  yeaaahhh then i 'm fine with that . 
  yep and then euron comes there all pissed `` wtf dany i thought we got ta deal '' and it alllll gets messed up < 3, 
  good bot !, 
  add gender to the list . 
  how is he not d5 0 lp ?!, 
  it 's almost like enchanter supports are doing something !, 
  this . 
  i will gladly play any role other than adc . 
  game is not only about `` the same lane '' wtf . 
  i would really like to not be matched as support literally every time i want to . 
  it makes people lazy and not train other roles , which seems fine in short term , but turns out terrible in long term . 
  spamming only one role 100 % of the time is boring , and after you forgot all the other ones there 's kinda no come back . 
  i would not dare play ranked in any role other than supp . 
   but with a little self-control , we can choose when and how we express our anger . 
  oh yeah , and with little self-control we can choose when and how we express our fear , joy , sadness , or any other emotion !, 
  `` it 's worth taking the time to decide whether acting in fear or joy carries us towards our goals . '', 
  yay for self-control !, 
  thanks to people like you i struggle every day to show any emotion at all , regardless of what i do feel and whether it 's good or bad . 
  it 's not `` pragmatic '' , it 's simply unfair to expect such behavior . 
  one person does something wrong and is so `` heroic '' to do no more wrong and not lie . 
  then the other person , that was wronged , has to contain their anger and not make the first person feel bad ? 
  wtf ? 
  why the one who did something bad has to be protected from bad feelings , but the other one should `` take it for the team '' ? 
  because people are robots and can simply decide whether they 're going to be angry or not . 
  yeah , you should simply decide to shut down the emotion that you feel . 
  nothing bad can happen if you do this , right ? 
  maybe then the tip should have been `` do n't overreact '' or `` do n't be irrational '' . 
  yeah sounds really pro . 
  uh ... you fired a guy because he dropped something ? 
  are your employees not allowed to make mistakes at all ? 
  exactly , there 's being angry and there 's overreacting . 
  the op states `` do n't be angry '' , so it actually belongs on / r/shittylifetips . 
  yeah , better not ever do anything that people might not like . 
  it 's really simple , most girls are taught to be self-contained , kind , humble and care about others ' emotions . 
  i was raised by an extremely emotional mother that would yell all the time and overshare everything she felt . 
  i felt hurt and overwhelmed by her stuff . 
  i learned to not show my emotions because showing emotions is a ) disgusting b ) hurtful for others . 
  and you know , a good girl can not ever hurt others . 
  hurting herself is a-ok though . 
  i will have to spend some more time learning how to even be angry , and i 've been living away from my parents for 5 years . 
  being an asshole is not actually pragmatic . 
  you ca n't simply decide what do you feel . 
  if you could , people would decide to feel happy all the time . 
  life is more complicated than this . 
  oh , if it 's about breaking a specific procedure i can get it . 
  did you fire a or b by the way ? 
  dude , go and ask dalaylama or something , not a random redditor . 
  exactly what i 'm saying , acting and feeling are two different things . 
  man , it 's not that heavy , it 's just my life . 
  i try to not be too bothered about this `` who i am '' stuff . 
  thanks for your concern though : ) . 
  you seem to have it not so easy too . 
  i think you meant `` reprimanded '' ? 
  awwwww come on that is so damn adorable < 3, 
  can i adopt you ? 
  it 's completely normal in westeros though ... 
  i think it would be perfect also story-wise because it would bring up a conflict between dany and euron . 
   when you build a site and ignore what happens afterwards -- when the values entered in code are translated into brightness and contrast depending on the settings of a physical screen -- you 're avoiding the experience that you create . 
  and when you design in perfect settings , with big , contrast-rich monitors , you blind yourself to users . 
  to arbitrarily throw away contrast based on a fashion that `` looks good on my perfect screen in my perfectly lit office '' is abdicating designers ' responsibilities to the very people for whom they are designing . 
  great quote . 
  how can i now masturbate to my kda ?!, 
  i mean ... 
  consent age in poland is 15 . 
  there is a difference between 14 and 15 , but it 's not that huge . 
  seriously . 
  supports just ca n't be fun and impactful , that would ruin the game !, 
  you have to be in lane to get gold , just like for any other role . 
  do n't tell me that lasthitting as a ranged champ somehow demands much more skill than coming up to a gold piece laying on the ground and not getting killed in the process , lasthitting is pretty easy and basic when you have either some ad or one cheap spell in your kit . 
   enchanter supports should be gated by mana just like almost anyone else who uses mana . 
  tbh there are very few champs who are actually gated by mana ( read : have to buy more than one random flat mana item/morello ) . 
  rakan does n't have * that * stellar level 3 tbh in comparison to other supps . 
  i found that going in with wqe is a pretty pointless trade if your adc does n't play it perfectly and you are not able to actually consistently hit enemies with w. it 's like leona , it 's way better to be patient and wait for a gank to be able to all in with full hp . 
   what im saying is , right now tanks and poke mages are grabbing coin reluctantly because of the gold gen , if the other 2 items had as much theyd grab the other 2 items instead . 
  whoa , it 's like saying supports have to make a meaningful itemization choice : o, 
  ( i agree with your point , the other dude 's issues are ridiculous . ), 
  sona and nami are more poke oriented , but janna and soraka can still spam shields and heals just fine within their mana budget . 
  ahhhh i have n't played in like a week , ca n't wait to abuse this new op coin when i come home from work . 
  people who do n't play support will always complain that supports are `` oppressive '' and `` do n't require any skill '' at the same time . 
  like supports were some mysterious nature forces that noone can explain , not simply a group of players who are rewarded for good plays and punished for bad , who like to have impact and do n't like being useless , exactly like all the others . 
  it depends on matchup of course . 
  leona 's lvl 3 is definitely better than rakan 's for an all in . 
  i was talking mainly about trades .
