  why did we cry about flexq in the first place ? 
  well i never had similar experience but sure , maybe it will work out . 
  try being a girl , let me know how it works out for you . 
  it 's really easy to say that things you literally ca n't experience are not that bad or do n't really happen often . 
  you ca n't mute your calls being not followed , your initiations being ignored , your buffs being stolen etc. 
  because you are a girls so obviously you are worse at lol and do n't deserve equal treatment ingame . 
  just `` use a voice changer '' !, 
  i got that advice a couple times already . 
  if that 's a genuine question - because i 'm not the only girl in the world , and someone has to talk about this . 
  i do n't really like doing that . 
  this is so cute and funny lol . 
  hey they only get harassed 80 % of the time so it 's not that bad !, 
  i just joined some voice chat channels ( ts/discord ) with strangers before to play normals and rankeds with this `` awesome coordination '' that 's talked about so much . 
  i do n't really understand what you said . 
  i joined voice chat with strangers before , and people could figure that i 'm a woman . 
  and yes , people did react in ways i described , so i do n't know what 's to question here , if it actually already happened . 
  you have a girl sometimes , in some of your games . 
  girls have a girl in their games 100 % of the time . 
  edit : also being near someone who experiences something is not exactly experiencing it . 
  do or find a study and return to me with data . 
  before you do , your best bet is as good as mine . 
  there 's literally people who are deaf or mute and wo n't be able to use voice chat . 
  talk about wanting to be competitive . 
  your comment makes it even more horrifying smh . 
  i think youeat pictures . 
   these hypothetical reasons for not using voice are often completely out of the player 's control , and not related to their actual skill at the game . 
  why should anyone be punished for it ? 
   if you can not use your microphone for any reason you should not play ranked . 
  lol ok fuck you then . 
  clearly anyone who 's deaf , ca n't afford a mic , or ca n't speak at the moment should not play lol xd . 
  seems you do n't even have an idea what made this game popular in the first place . 
  spoiler : it was n't setting up high expectations for players to get involved and be able to feel competitive . 
  dude ... just stop embarassing yourself . 
  thanks mate . 
  yeah exactly , played a couple games as support with a random adc who i seemed to synergize well with , got asked about my gender after like 3 games . 
  wtf ? 
  did i behave too nice ? 
  or maybe all people who play support get asked that ? 
  special treatment is literally the exact opposite of what i want ... 
  sad truth is a one asshole always will overwrite a couple of nice people . 
  when you get robbed you do n't think that `` hey i have n't been robbed by 100 other people i met today so the world is not that bad '' , you are just mad because of one bad person . 
  i do n't play lol to talk to nice people ( or walk the street to * not get robbed * ) . 
  i play because i want to win the game , the only thing i expect from strangers is not to bother me . 
  whoa dude , at first i was quite unimpressed but now this is sick . 
  lol this is a completely normal pigeon . 
  lol you sound so experienced at designing architecture of insanely big web-based applications xd . 
  riot just hire this man already , he will do all the changes we need in 5 minutes !, 
  your programmers have to be really incompetent to not understand things that even for some random redditor are so easy and obvious !, 
  i agree , she looks totally black from nose and lips . 
  i 'm a programmer as well , and ? 
  they definitely can handle this , this is why they plan to deliver this feature soon . 
  what i do n't agree with is calling every feature request a `` 5 minute job with one request to database '' , this is really ignorant . 
  everyone gets flamed , only women get flamed for only their gender . 
  you realize that it can still happen like , on top of the normal flame . 
  i do n't give a fuck about flame that applies to everyone ( = being flamed because you are playing bad ) . 
  i give a fuck about flame that applies only to specific groups for no ingame reasons ( = being flamed because you 're a woman and no other reason ) . 
  also word `` flame '' does n't really cover what i 'm concerned about regarding voice chat . 
  flame is fairly easy to ignore and mute , there are other things that are impossible to mute and will inevitably happen to women only because of their gender . 
  i 'd call that `` harassment '' . 
  there is only one group of people that can decide if harassment is a reason to not use voice chat - people who are harassed . 
  please go ask a hundred women if they plan to use voice chat and let me know . 
  can someone tell me can we as well mute emotes ? 
  thanks . 
  i have a lot of comments from other women for proof . 
  like tens of women complaining about things that already happened . 
  i just do n't really have the time to sit here and link them , if you wanted you would find them in the previous thread . 
  technically vegetables do n't exist at all . 
  i hate the fruit/vegetables debate every time it pops up , like why do you even think we have a word * vegetable * in the first place ? 
  botanically speaking you are so wrong on so many levels . 
  i just wanted to say i love that you chose ember for frontend . 
  only people who have n't heard about ecmascript 5/6 or typescript could say such stuff . 
  i used to hate js , but nowadays when i use typescript with es6 in angular2 ... it 's beautiful . 
  and about documentation , the best documentation for js and web in general is mozilla developer 's network . 
  crazy good stuff , strongly recommended . 
  i mean if you prefer not to acknowledge the problem that actually exists , because it does n't affect you personally , this is your choice . 
  i wo n't sit here and convince you to pull your head out of your ass . 
  no testimony of a woman happy about free skins will make me suddenly decide that i and a bunch of other women were n't harassed and upset , and chose to not use voice chat because of this . 
  because that actually happened already . 
  i do n't exactly need proof for things that i experienced firsthand . 
  if you prefer to not believe me - fine . 
  that 's on you . 
  came here to post this . 
  it 's incredible . 
  wow . 
  simple and cute . 
  love it . 
  dude people can get triggered for a ton of reasons , it 's not about the donation , dom was clearly upset before because of something completely else . 
  it 's not like he always reacts like this to nice donations . 
  he just had a bad day . 
  yeah i wonder how you will behave towards joking strangers when your mother dies or something like this . 
  breaking up with a fiance is an enormous stress , and even worse if you are ( kind of ) public figure . 
  dom should have not stream for some time , but maybe he tried to cope by playing lol , and donator 's messing with him was completely unnecessary . 
  most people under stress will behave like assholes when triggered . 
  after something real bad happens to you , you need some time to cope and calm down , and dom is definitely not yet over it . 
  why is this so funny/satisfying for people to trigger guys who try to deal with something super stressful ? 
  you people know that dom has a history of mental illness and broke up with his fiancee recently ... and you still ca n't understand that yeah , this guy will probably behave like an asshole for some time and you should just leave him alone ? 
  no dude you are not immune to criticism , but you can expect from people who want to think of themselves as mature and emotionally developed to not trigger you and argue with you for silly reasons , and let you calm down first , instead of judging and laughing at you when you are literally at your worst . 
  it 's great . 
  every assasin is feast or famine . 
  i thought that 's the point .
