  this mode was so awesome and lasted so shortly : ( . 
  all these hilarious items . 
  qtie `` these fucking dogs '' . 
  great times . 
  i read reddit mostly on mobile , got ta love the guy < 3, 
  and then he goes into random 1v4 at 15 minutes because he thinks that he is some kind of god after taking three kills in lane . 
  been there : |, 
  well definitely some supports have a harder time `` carrying '' games than actual carry champs , especially in low elo where people who have all damage of your team can make very bad decisions all the time no matter how much vision , pings , engage , heals and peel you can provide . 
  you still need damage to push to the nexus , if your carries do stupid shit and refuse to go for objectives , you are pretty much fucked as a nondamage supp . 
  at least this is my experience from silver . 
  you misspelled `` i hate myself '', 
  lol . 
  it 's no excuse then . 
  why would you need damage on a tank support . 
  go armor and dive with e. 
  i second this , that draft was incredible . 
  maybe she 's just tired with your advice and she does n't give a shit about the things you try to forcefully feed her . 
  so either you are a dick who thinks making people feel bad about their rank is fun or she just does n't want to improve no matter what . 
  if she wanted to improve and you were nice and respectful to her she would learn . 
  from my perspective : am silver , play a lot with diamond friends , nothing is fucking worse than their advice which i either ca n't even implement correctly because of mechanics or something or they are just plain bad and i 'm supposed to shut up and listen because `` hurr durr we are diamonds '' . 
  i know for a fact that they blame me for their own mistakes because it 's easier to say to me `` omg you should have been here !!! '', 
  than `` you were right i should n't go there in the first place '' . 
  how am i supposed to believe that their advice is legit when they ca n't even correctly criticize their own play and decisions ( about which they have far more information than about mine ) ? 
  of course i play to improve and i 'm super glad i get to play with people who are experienced and stuff , but even if you are high elo you do n't shit gold all the time . 
  if you want to give good advice you need something more than being master . 
  not everyone can be a trusted senpai . 
  if she wants you to shut up just shut up and let her learn on her own . 
  remember the stupid game is less important than happiness of your friend . 
  this is my advice . 
  so maybe , idk , learn to farm and do n't dive so much ? 
  anivia is very hard to lasthit with but you have to be able to do that . 
  go into some customs and practice pre-6 . 
  when you have ult it does n't even count as farming , it 's just waveclear lol . 
  for some unique pay to win experience you can buy the blackfrost skin , i have n't tested it but heard that she has easier aa animation xd, 
  lol this is not a cheese , this is legitimate and pretty common blitz play ... 
  makes sense . 
  will remember . 
  and what if one diamond agrees with me and one does n't ? 
  dude you talk about it like they were superior and homogenic beings or something and i ca n't ever be right if i disagree with one of them , which is disrespectful and stupid . 
  just because i do n't have time for playing a lot of ranked and three years of experience does n't mean i 'm dumb and never worth listening to . 
  there is more reasons for being in low elo than being a fucking idiot who gets like nothing right ever . 
  lol i just realized i remember nothing more from her quotes, 
  lol yes please, 
  i do listen to most of their advice , but not always and because i assume that i 'm brainless and they are genius basing on elo difference , but because the advice has some value behind it ( player 's experience , other players ' agreement , making sense for me , actually working ) . 
  i make a ton of mistakes and i know i am in fact pretty bad player but even i can be sometimes right about some situation judgement u know . 
  i think i am far better at understanding the game than playing correctly , i read/watch like five times more than i play . 
  my mechanics are awful , elo is awful , i have bad attitude sometimes , i play when i 'm tired , have connection issues , play very few rankeds etc. , but i 'm not that dumb man . 
  do n't assume every silver is dumb . 
  just this . 
  it 's not a problem , i 'm not offended man , you had a fair point that i should listen to most of the advices i get , and i do so . 
  i just do n't like being treated like an inferior human being when i get them from higher elo people . 
  have a nice post-christmas weekend . 
  i do n't even know what do you respond to but wtf you are such a jerk . 
  you 're not defending anything by such taunts , just being a jerk who feels confident in a group of people who agree with him . 
  you definitely do n't make community seem more mature in the eyes of a stranger . 
  i do n't call anyone bad . 
  of course they are overall better players but that does n't mean every one of them is right every single time . 
  i point out that being disrespectful to people because of their rank is arrogant . 
  yep , just this . 
  apparently liking a fun champ and being cheerful is forbidden at this sub . 
  omg great analogy bro , totally on point : d, 
  this !, 
  it 's a must have and available in english as well !, 
  i strongly recommend buying a three day public transport ticket and downloading this app , it will really make your life in katowice much easier : ), 
  damn did n't know bard is so fappable until now, 
  lol . 
  i did n't mean to mock ahri , i wish i remembered something else . 
  he 's just a very likable , cheerful champ and his design was heavily praised here several times . 
  only recently due to the contest people started getting salty over those terrible `` bard memes '' ( random `` ootay '' and `` sad chiming '' comments ) . 
  personally i do n't get it . 
  bard has proven to provide unique and fun experience to his players while not being unfair to play against , his looks and kit are one of a kind , he has way more interesting things about him than being a meme like draven or taric . 
  the community at / r/bardmains was very active way before `` bard memes '' circlejerk and it 's no coincidence . 
  a lot of people just love him . 
  in the kingdom of one-eyed the blind is a king ? 
  yes they do , what the hell . 
  yay vote thresh for his everlasting overloaded and oppressive kit , yayy, 
  this . 
  when you play him it 's relaxing and cheerful to hear gentle noises and fly through the map instead of listening to `` hurr durr destroying enemies !, 
  dark and mysterious past !, 
  demacia ! '', 
  or whatever . 
  he 's a god , can travel through walls , cast a zhonya on baron , has pet/ghost thingies with him and just is n't obsessed with anything specific . 
  he 's not a nice bro or fucking monster , just a celestial being , way larger than some lame league or noxus or something . 
  what is the quote ? 
  i ca n't open the page right now, 
  thanks , now i can feel dumb coz i do n't get it . 
  generally if you decide to push the wave , you have to push it up to enemy turret wherever this turret is so the wave can reset . 
  if you ca n't do this you better freeze or do nothing . 
  remember to not leave your laner randomly taxed , with whole wave pushed from him just under enemy turret , where enemy can freeze safely and your laner ca n't . 
  i just hijacked your comment to clarify and add what i remembered is a good advice : ), 
  i did n't know this , thanks . 
  i recently turned off smartcast on most of my skillshots and i got slower but a lot more accurate . 
  maybe you are right i can practice and rewrite some stuff but i still think i 'm hopeless when it comes to learn something really mechanically intense . 
  anyway , what do you suggest as a good practice then ? 
  how to practice mechanics more efficiently without messing up a bunch of games ? 
  `` just play the game/champ a lot '' does n't work apparently . 
  i tried adc but i totally ca n't kite or use attack move of any kind even though i tried to learn in customs . 
  in effect i ca n't put out enough dmg to champs as adc even when i do n't die , have a lot of farm and great overall dmg . 
  what do i do if i ca n't afford the skin ? 
  you have a very nice nickname .
