  except everything ? 
  never heard about that before , what is it ? 
  i do n't have to be majority to be allowed to speak ? 
  i 'm only one person and will always be only one person , just like anyone ... 
  i do n't get why do you attack me ? 
  my opinion ... about what is and what is not community ? 
  did i make it seem like everybody shares it ? 
  where ? 
  lux support is a shittier morgana . 
  lux is way too ap dependent to be useful on support income . 
  there 's no reason to play lux supp other than as a trolling pseudo ap carry . 
  then why do you start arguing with me instead of the other guy ? 
  please mind who are you even talking to next time . 
  you could argue that vs good people it 's hard to land lux ult at all , flash or no flash . 
  also no idea what is this stuff lux does as support aside of q and some damage , her shield is laughable , so is slow/zoning with e. 
  i 'm not trying to argue that lux is an overall worse champ , she only works worse as support because she is very gold reliant to be any help post lane , that 's all . 
  it 's actually true that in latest beyond the rift qtpie and scarra were bashing morgana for being a terrible support . 
  i do n't think they would consider lux any better though ; ) . 
  in their ultrahigh elo probably only super meta and the best of the best supports can be considered any good and the rest will be called shit . 
  i was very surprised when i discovered that morg w actually does n't pop malzahar passive . 
  i still do n't understand why . 
  if you tested that lux e slow does that even without damage , the logic of this passive would be really super puzzling to me . 
  i do n't think lux lane is so much superior , but maybe because i never played vs a really good one on bot ? 
  either way if you want a truly terrifying lane for a price of lategame utility still zyra and brand will do much better job . 
  zyra actually with better utility too . 
  in some cases j4 , sion or mundo support would possibly work better than alistar . 
  that does n't mean they are not worse supports overall . 
  i do n't think anyone maxes morgana w or lux e on support , that would n't make any sense . 
  funnily enough , morgana w and lux e , and also their q 's mana costs are literally identical , which makes it easy to compare raw damages . 
  for example , for the same low cost , lux q does 50/100/150 / 200/250 base dmg , while for morg it 's 80/135/190 / 245/300 with the same cost . 
  lux makes up for the lost damage if she adds an auto to that . 
  lux followup after snare is better on full health enemy , with e and two autos she does more damage than morgana with w and two autos . 
  this is quite complicated with a wounded enemy though because morgana w damage scales with missing hp so i do n't think i want to go into that . 
  i guess with 50 % hp enemy their damage gets similar . 
  overall ... honestly with their full qwaa / qaea rotation i think they do very similar damage for identical costs . 
  what differs here is snare duration ( better followup for morg adc ) and double snare mechanic ( easier to land for lux ) . 
  lux and vayne are literally botlane yasuos . 
  yeah i meant only poke abilities , of course other two abilities are different in other ways . 
  well it seems malza passive is super confusing and inconsistent then . 
  uhhhh is n't a requirement to build huge ass mana pool the tradeoff here ? 
  sure , not every champ has to be for everyone , but if a champ gets 4 reworks only because of a couple thousands players , you have some really fucked up priorities as game designers . 
  even if ryze is often picked competitively , still the game is meant mainly to be played by millions of everymans . 
  honestly we would be better off if rito literally removed him from the game and spent the time on some more accessible champs . 
  except whole champion balance philosophy in league relies on assumption that there should be no champions that are unplayable when you pick them up but ridiculously op when you master them . 
  if that 's the case with ryze , it is a game design problem . 
  other games may look at this completely differently , but specifically in lol champions are supposed to be mostly balanced when played at every elo and otherwise are considered problematic design . 
  or stupid shit like ryze or tahm kench ults that work only in competitive and in soloq are as good as no ult . 
  tbh ori has to spend a ton of mana for spells that do literally nothing other than changing the position of her ball , other ap supports do n't have this problem at all . 
  i do n't think you never had a situation when you needed to move the ball without enemies possible to damage nearby . 
  i mean most of the time you will hit someone , but sometimes you wo n't even aim to , and ori spells are really costly . 
  oh man , i 'm so sorry . 
  aside from the material losses , as a person with a strong phobia i can only imagine how fucking incredibly awful was for you to deal with this shit . 
  i hope you 'll be able to deal with/forget it in the future , have my hugs and best wishes . 
  video quality , stupid comments pushed into your face , stupid ads pushed your face , stupid functionalities pushed into your face , in general facebook is not made to peacefully watch videos ( shocking news ) . 
  oh my god . 
  you should forbid this man to even touch your stuff . 
  i work as a programmer and get $ 6 an hour . 
  also do n't live in the states . 
  even if you were 100 % feminine or `` gay '' that would be perfectly fine . 
  this is not something to avoid at all costs . 
  it 's okay thing to be or to do . 
  how people react to your personality is only a matter of people you are surrounded with . 
  even if you ca n't change that yourself , it can and will change with time . 
  lmao, 
  i 'm crying . 
  this is one of the worst things i 've seen on this sub . 
  its place is in / r/infuriatingasfuck . 
  my boyfriend is in diamond , i 'm pretty sure he would do better with a potato than with ryze . 
  same . 
  the final sentence is just so idiotic . 
  `` we need unbalanced champs because otherwise there would be no diversity '' . 
  what the hell i do n't even . 
  majority of the players are silver and gold . 
  are all people below master not allowed to have fun with the game ? 
  it works for me , i 've never been using tl on sona , shields and heals ftw in the long run . 
  aww you 're so sweet let 's have sex immediately, 
  no , simultaneously . 
  come on that 's too far, 
  no , i can paraphrase exactly what he wrote :, 
   we need champions that are strong in competitive but weak/not as strong in solo queue because otherwise we would have no diversity, 
  my point is that is just as idiotic as going :, 
  `` we need unbalanced champions because otherwise there would be no diversity '', 
  or `` we need ugly and unfun champions because otherwise there would be no diversity '' . 
  champs like described , `` strong in competitive but weak/not as strong in solo queue '' are bad design , are unhealthy and bad for the game . 
  bringing this up like it 's a good thing that makes the game diverse has zero sense . 
  creative , usable and distinct champs make the game more diverse . 
  bad design does not . 
  it just makes it worse . 
  i did change that sentence a bit so yeah , it 's not exact quote , you can call it a quote or a paraphrase whatever . 
  i agree about what you say about ults and abilities that rely on teammates . 
  after having played a ton of tahm kench back when he was overpowered , i started to really really hate such abilities . 
  nothing feels worse in soloq than having teammates not follow your presumably strongest ability , and nothing looks as bullshit in competitive as this kind of ult . 
  i hope rito comes to their senses and they stop releasing champs with such bullshit abilities because they just do n't work for almost anyone besides people who play mostly in premades . 
  teamwork in soloq can be awesome , fun and rewarding if it requires coordinating around team comp or macro plays , but not for abilities that take only a few seconds to be used to their full potential or completely wasted . 
  as a programmer who professionally implements websites and effects like this one i will tell you that it 's fucking hella hard to implement any kind of this scrolling effects shit right . 
  it 's not a matter of operating systems but capabilities and differences between all the different browsers . 
  edit : i hate scroll hijacking too and if it was up to me i would never implement any of this shit . 
  ( not only because it 's hard and complicated lol ), 
  i hate them too , that does n't change the fact i 'm sometimes required to implement them : ( . 
  i 'm so sorry i have to,
