  yeah i would say that `` what you should do as janna in lane '' is very counterintuitive and hard to get right . 
  definitely `` spam e and q '' wo n't work while for soraka for example `` spam q and w '' would be fine . 
  for me it 's sightstone on 2 , trinket on 4 , important actives on 1 and 3 , less time-intensive actives on 5 and 6 . 
  the face , eyes , the hair and the thing on her head are just wow . 
  [ we accept her ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c4uteeojlm ), 
  we have some news for you bro . 
  can somebody write about this theory ? 
  which is not unreasonable . 
  players who tend to flame have overall worse attitude , even in games where they restrain from flaming , which will eventually translate to worse winrate . 
  these tips were n't meant to be very informative but they were a part of player behavior department experiment . 
  they probably need a full rework at this point but are not important enough to be worth some rioters ' time . 
  st-ahri guardian . 
  fuck you man . 
  unknown fact : flash on top of someone does 1 true damage . 
  i mean , literally this is the issue . 
  well , you still can do some things after dying on some champs . 
  possibly vi nerf is missing but other than that yeah it seems it is everything we needed . 
  i 'm curious about how the jungle xp nerf will work out . 
  edit : i think you guys are right , with proper cotc and/or jungle nerf vi would be totally fine . 
  yeah , after all the brave captain teemo protects it < 3, 
  they all look the same to me @__ @, 
  it was exactly the same with locket before , except locket was super strong and felt un-fun while redemption is on the same power level but feels fun as well . 
  meh some people just do n't know that there 's this feature and it will improve the experience for them so why not inform them . 
  i mean , you too . 
  passes * butter . 
  this is actually me two weeks ago . 
  i have yet to see how 7.1 changes anything . 
  why are you not liquid, 
  dude , it 's impossible to play bard without trolling everyone . 
  i 'm extremely teamwork-oriented player but when i pick bard it feels like i 'm trolling even when i 'm tryharding . 
  there 's just something about this champ that makes you go `` woooo i 'm high come chase me trololololo '' . 
  i mean seriously , at 8-10 minute you can onehit caster minions with this execute ... 
  there 's no punishment for being greedy for features as a customer , there is a punishment for not being greedy though ( companies stop having reasons to improve ) . 
  greedy is healthy . 
  what 's your point ? 
  programming does n't work that way, 
  he/she most likely wo n't get banned . 
  you 're wasting your time . 
  they are literally the same entity . 
  impressive promo video . 
  sooo clean . 
  were you one of the people who made it ? 
  how did you guys do that ? 
  i 'm seriously interested !, 
  i will play normals when normal draft is back . 
  i wo n't spend a second in blind pick , it 's a toxic shitfest , fuck this mode . 
  i queue mid/support and get mid ... 
  i 'm considering emigration to uk ( am a programmer ) . 
  why do you think it 's so bad there ? 
  i 'm considering emigration to uk ( am a programmer ) . 
  why do you think it 's so bad there ? 
  i almost spit my tea on the keyboard . 
  you call it a typo , i call it a freudian slip \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  you are the worst bot ever, 
  poppy best counter to everything by far, 
  can confirm . 
  yup my main problem is that i ca n't play with anyone in any number . 
  this is bullshit , i just want to play draft with friends . 
  i thought rito wants people to play with friends but apparently not if you 're from eune . 
  do n't you know that us is basically the only important country in the world . 
  this is the right thing to do . 
  you do n't like what rito does - do n't pay . 
  simple . 
  i do n't want to play blind pick . 
  it 's toxic shithole . 
  last night we played blind as 4 ( flex not possible ) and obviously got a troll tk supp that tried to convince us that our adc is trolling . 
  blind pick can go to hell . 
  draft should still be there for people who are willing to spend more time to get better quality games ( and ca n't queue flex for some reason ) . 
  this is sick !, 
  i want to make a pair right now !, 
   she 's super squishy so she really needs the game to not be one of those `` it 's 5 mins now so it 's time to 5 man super camp and repeat dive bot '' games . 
  i read this as `` you should never , never fucking ever pick sona '' . 
  fuckton of great cc , high damage , ranged tank , broken save , what can go wrong ? 
  it 's like tahm all over again , but allowed to stay meta because people like him . 
  when was the last time thresh was `` meta '' ? 
  he 's never fotm but he 's always playable . 
  i 'd love to play against zyra every lane . 
  malzahar on the other hand ... 
  if an adc ca n't lasthit a champ , they do n't deserve to be fed gold in the first place . 
  satisfied customer is returning customer , simple . 
  there are ways to make unsatisfied customers pay for shit , for example in `` free to play '' mobile games that some people get super hard addicted to . 
  but this is highly unethical and not the case for rito that actually delivers a great game which is very possible to play and enjoy for free ( even if you have to grind a bit ) , and their paid content is high quality and overall a honest deal . 
  what the hell . 
  we had the full story already , the recording is here . 
  it 's simply a lie to discredit op . 
  add to this the fu * k you from niandick to users with rooted devices . 
  that 's interesting because winratio in 4v5 when a person never connects is about 11 % . 
  i had never won such a game . 
  and they wo n't randomly stop in the middle of enemy jungle and die while typing ever again, 
  what the fuck . 
  i 'm throwing my pc out the window, 
   instilling in blitzcrank a relentless desire to serve the people of zaun, 
   the golem took viktor 's ideology to heart , believing self-sacrifice and altruism could lead to true greatness for the entire city . 
   with every good deed , blitzcrank 's sense of his own purpose solidified, 
   blitzcrank roamed the streets of zaun at all hours , refusing to pause or rest when there might be people in need . 
   he rescued a family of mechanics and their soot-black cat with his enormous crank-like arm, 
   while some view zaun as a chaotic place where reckless experimentation and lawlessness run rampant , blitzcrank sees only its infinite possibilities . 
  he searches zaun for ways he can create change for good , paying extra attention to those forgotten or discarded by society . 
  til blitzcrank is not a fucking evil soulless piece of tilting trolling garbage but literally a robo angel using his hook to rescue fucking kittens and with nothing but love and rainbow in his stupid metal heart . 
  haha it 's literally 1/5 of my monthly salary .
