  also , how can you criticize progress of your therapy if you do n't know where you 'd end up without it ? 
  you have a boyfriend and can live on your own , did n't e.g. 
  suicide at 15 instead , does n't that count for you ? 
  i 'm not blaming you for being disgraceful or anything , just try not to think about therapy as if it was pointless , it 's not . 
  you know that you 'd want to suicide too . 
  we do ? 
  your back hurts ? 
  stop feeling pain . 
  you have aids ? 
  stop having aids . 
  you feel anxiety ? 
  stop being anxious . 
  excellent advice , no doubt . 
  but honestly , picking anivia without leblanc ( and ahri ... and zed ... and katarina ... and fizz ... eh ... ) banned is like asking for lane rape . 
  i think i do n't get it . 
  how is not using q forcing someone to playing passive ? 
  it 's not like i can land it on them when they jump in and out anyway . 
  can confirm . 
  two weeks, 
  from username it seems it 's op 's post . 
  yeah maybe that 's why we have meta of healers, 
  feed or afk, 
  yep why not, 
  it 's not your responsibility to raise some other people children nor should you waste your time in 4v5 for it . 
  strange , in my experience usually it goes rather like :, 
  ` omg i called mid ', 
  ` dude pick order ', 
  ` called mid and im going mid and ure reported fkashfurhfsduhflskjdfhldskj ', 
  [ so we can all be happy and at peace and reunited together < 333 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm368w0osho ), 
  do want , plz someone deliver, 
  well maybe because you play with bunch of strangers ? 
  if you really want football-like experience , get a team of 5 premades and stick to them . 
  yup , you 're not toxic at all !, 
  you meant noti ` fication ? 
  in fact garen has a cc , silence on his spin-to-win , which i always found really strong on him . 
  that 's my opinion tho , have n't played garen yet . 
  lmao, 
  thank you , that 's really interesting !, 
  this `` stating a fact '' of yours is called `` passive aggressiveness '' , maybe you should go read about that thingy . 
  it 's a game and it has rules : no negativeness , no scolding , no blaming , no flame . 
  you think the rules are wrong , you do n't respect them , you are punished in-game . 
  if you think that it 's the `` real '' , not in-game life that really matters , then why do you even get upset about a stupid game . 
  seems like it 's time for me to main jungle, 
  u won this one . 
  everything is better than support nidalee, 
  same thing for adc teemo, 
  what about zillion of rengar 's necklaces . 
  i play akali ocassionally and i 'd much prefer taking away ( or nerfing in some way ) dash reset cancer . 
  coz it 's cancer . 
  this change however destroys mainly her already very poor laning phase . 
  yeah it 's disturbing o ___ o, 
  win, 
  adc building ap , seems legit ; p, 
  i want to be like you . 
  and actually use the trinket . 
  : d i remember that for first few levels i ( and probably my teammates as well ) had no idea what it does ... 
  so everyone was just buying it , because it was free . 
  in low elo his team do n't even get that he needs the knockups and they have no synergy with his ult , making the game for yasuo even harder . 
  i love reddit . 
  but but, 
  hey , that did n't rhyme , but i ftfy !, 
  * gnarwhal , gnarwhal , roaming down the river *, 
  * causing mid to quiver , he always delivers *, 
  delivers !, 
  get it ? 
  get it ?? 
  i think it was fixed by now . 
  i feel like `` ocean/awesome '' actually rhymed in some inaccurate way . 
  or is this just me . 
  o __ o, 
  that 's a shame . 
  : ( ( not for you tho ), 
  nami pentakill and you say it 's not cool wtf is wrong with you, 
  can confirm . 
  do n't play , problem solved, 
  her eyes and face wtf, 
  lol, 
  i 'd actually want to see what do you mean . 
  til , thanks !, 
  meh it clearly looked like wip . 
  this . 
   `` due to the unfinished state of tristana 's new splash , we 'll be pulling it from her release to further iterate and polish on it . '', 
  ok , i guess you just know better if they were finished or not : d, 
  lol what are you guys even talking about . 
  in poland too . 
  like what should i try to heal it or something , wtf ? 
  i do n't want to live anymore ; __ ;, 
  katarina in bronze problems, 
  i 'm not the expert but i do n't think so . 
  i think that if you do n't have gold for sightstone on your first back there 's something wrong with your laning . 
  you should have at least this 800 gold on first back unless you were ganked , killed or something ( if you have any control on lane ) . 
  pokemon ccg twisted fate . 
  10/10 would cosplay . 
  meh anyway he was threatening a bot not giving a fuck about this response whatsoever . 
  they were quite rude to him first . 
  they should resolve his problem in a second , but were threatening to remove the skin instead , srsly wtf . 
  he paid them and is just expecting appropriate support . 
  there certainly should be a rule not to be a jerk ... 
   free money, 
  `` lol you are support '',
