  and you wo n't outtdamage her . 
  honestly i have no fucking clue how to deal with that lane . 
  it 's not like lux that you can dodge her skillshots . 
  plants are impossible to dodge . 
  just let her zone you and hug the second tier tower i guess . 
  no idea . 
  so do you say :, 
  1 ) us would be equally dangerous regardless of gun access laws coz minorities - gun access is completely irrelevant to the level of safety ( quite obviously not true, 
  2 ) due to minorities us would be even more dangerous if unlicensed guns were forbidden ( truly counter logic and but at least there 's some field for discussion ), 
  or what are you saying exactly other than calling statistics interpretation bullshit coz i 'm kinda lost here . 
  by `` more/less dangerous '' i mean `` more/less crimes with gun usage '' . 
  i am polish , most people from polish play there , i believe we have a lot better ping for eune over euw . 
  never tried to play there but never had any real reason to , as i am only silver so not exactly looking to play with eu pros : p. 
  i would fight the shit out of gun laws if i lived in us . 
  i have other problems in my country that i do fight over . 
  i assure you i would n't stay so passive if people were shot down right and left in my country . 
  it 's completely disgusting that a normal person can not feel safe in us because some random can go purchase a gun and kill you at any moment . 
  i would be so mad if i had to live in a country like this . 
  yeah because innocent people just love shooting to people who try to harm them . 
  this is what every normal person would do , just shoot the guy before he shoots you !, 
  seriously . 
  calling this bullshit an argument is insulting . 
  awesome : p. i 'll let you know if i do ; ), 
  thanks for tutorial link , i love those little guys : ), 
  this . 
  you people are fighting over removing premades of 3 from high elo . 
  i wonder how many games up there even have such premade in them . 
  this is so pathetic thing to `` protest '' . 
  lol . 
  i feel you . 
  good job with this one , looks really good . 
  yep something is super wrong with those grades . 
  it 's almost impossible to get an s and when you finally do it feels just random . 
  so you know ... best of luck the next time . 
  example is generic enough . 
  also you just discovered a reason noone should use float for simple grids . 
  your build is mostly fine . 
  few points from me . 
  build locket or banner every game as 3rd item if you are n't vs full ad . 
  aegis is the biggest fuck you of an item a support can get . 
  consider mikael 's instead of athene 's vs cc heavy teams . 
  generally athene 's is way better , and i do n't like this item very much , but it has some uses and can make for miraculous saves . 
  i strongly recommend swapping rylai for iceborn . 
  yeah it 's a great item but i believe you should be generally more defensive . 
  you ca n't blow up people instantly most of the time and by mid/late game you will need more survivability . 
  randuin is also good in that resort . 
  edit :, 
  oh and also do take every kill you can , as long as it does n't tilt your teammates hard . 
  sona with a few early kills snowballs harder than most adcs . 
  also you have to rely mostly on yourself in such a low elo . 
  kills on your teammates will be useless if they are just dumb and do n't use them in efficient way . 
  be smarter than every other person in the match . 
  on ap bullies/bursters like sona , annie , brand , vel ` koz , zyra gold is never wasted . 
  except people are forced into other roles too . 
  my d4 boyfriend once got mid while queueing jungle/top . 
  no idea how he managed to do this . 
  he was n't very happy . 
  of course it happened before , i 'm not saying it did n't ? 
  my point is do n't make it look like support is the only role which gets filled . 
  if even mid gets filled that probably means the system has to try super hard to make matchmaking fair and queue times short in every situation and does n't think waiting for a fitting enough midlaner is a good idea . 
  this says something about kind of problems this system has to deal with . 
  edit : also , what 's your point ? 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ had ^ ^ to, 
  you 're *, 
  shut your mouth, 
  nice one !, 
  this is a traditional model though . 
  this is so awesome and totally crazy . 
  i have to try that now . 
  rip not made future spring rolls . 
  try ` display : inline-block ; width : initial ; ` for your div . 
  if i do try i 'll let you know . 
  no problem , happy it worked . 
   there is nothing stopping them from that beside their own skills, 
  this is not true . 
  most team owners would n't want a female on their team even if they wo n't admit it staightforward . 
  adds a lot of unnecessary tension and possible drama . 
  males are `` safe '' , `` default '' choice . 
  this is within statistical error . 
  400 people out of millions is nothing . 
  also why would a girl in challenger go around and tell everyone she 's a girl . 
  it would cause only problems for her . 
  except you are not a team owner and actually not many of them would take a female for their team even if she was a great player ( or just the same level as other options ) . 
  this is the reason teams do n't want to pick up women . 
  come on reddit , it 's not that hard to understand this and acknowledge that women do not have equal possibilities . 
  there are plenty though . 
  itt : men discussing what women should do with their lives . 
  it means nothing . 
  in millions of lol players there 's about 10 % women . 
  take random samples of 400 people from those millions and sometimes you will have 50 women , more times it 'll be 0 . 
  it means literally nothing ( because sample was taken at random it does n't have any special meaning ) . 
  the sample is so small comparing to playerbase size that you would have to take it many times before you would get some knowledge about league demographics . 
  challengers can be all just a random sample of people who happened to have enough time and willpower to get to challenger and randomly there 's no women ( we would know about ) in there . 
  it 's too small sample to talk about women in lol in general only looking at it . 
  maybe in reality women in lol play generally better than men but happened to not be in the challenger sample . 
  we would n't know until we actually statistically analyze and compare a lot of women and men . 
  edit : see https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn16331-the-lack-of-female-einsteins-is-all-down-to-numbers/, 
  this can be also a question for yourself and all lcs players bro . 
  `` common sense '' does n't really apply to statistics bro . 
  if you believe otherwise it 's just a matter of education .
