  therefore :, 
  a ) if you picked support nunu it 's better to go counterjungle than botlane . 
  b ) if you think you should n't be allowed to pick support nunu and then use the champion to full extent , this is meta enforcement - not allowing people to play whatever champs they want . 
  in this case picking a champion that is not meta is bannable . 
  c ) if you think that he should be allowed to pick support nunu but should still stay botlane ( do something very inefficient ) instead of counterjungle ( do something a lot more efficient ) then it 's forcing people to lose more rankeds because of other people who are not comfortable with the way you play . 
  in this case anything that your teammate does n't like you to do with your champion ingame can be bannable , like buying some items they do n't like or going to some place for example , even if that 's objectively the best thing you could do to win the game . 
  what is the proof that he 's lying other than `` a rioter said so '' ? 
  it ' about 10cm . 
  so you think case c ) is correct . 
  okay i 'll proceed to report everyone whose build i do n't like . 
  can you prove why exactly was he banned then ? 
  if a rioter indeed banned someone for playing some champ in some way , what proof would be sufficient other than them explicitely admitting to do so ? 
  come on she probably does n't even have a penis , gross . 
  draven is pretty safe now . 
  hahahah yeah of course people should do things in your games because you want them to . 
  supports are n't allowed to do whatever they want , they should stay where you want them to stay . 
  xd how dare they leave you and not deliver kills and fun to you on a silver plate !, 
  you realize that first 15 minutes of the game are when supports have their `` power spike '' and can make the greatest impact right ? 
  why are n't they allowed to decide what kind of impact is it ? 
  just like with nunu and counterjungling and objective control ... hmmmm, 
  exactly this . 
  what a counterjungle or river player is even supposed to queue as if not support ( = the fifth player in the team , not assigned to any lane or own jungle ) ? 
  so you think a nunu would be more useful in botlane than counterjungling ? 
  because i know a certain diamond nunu main who thinks otherwise . 
  or do you just think he should go botlane even if it 's less effective ? 
  any proof of that ? 
  how do you know that ? 
  what if they at first agree but then blame him for a lose and report anyway ? 
  where do i sign up for counterjungle role ? 
  then why did n't the rioter say `` you were banned for being toxic '' but `` you were banned for stealing roles '' ? 
  ( whatever stealing roles means , there is no `` counterjungle '' role to steal ) . 
  do you understand that the point of this strategy is that even if your adc is set behind the enemy jungler is set behind much further ? 
  yeah because 2v2 zyra & varus with a nunu support would be so much better . 
  so you say people should be reported for picking nunu support and playing 2v2 botlane ? 
  your adc can farm terribly . 
  does n't matter . 
  he 's playing 1v2 but enemy jungle is playing 2v1 . 
  that 's the point . 
  nunu is not going afk . 
  he 's supporting another part of the team . 
  also botlane 100 % would n't be only 1v2 because enemy jungler would call his support to help him . 
  yes . 
  it 's better to have nunu in lane than counterjungling . 
  does n't matter that he 's god tier in enemy jungle but completely useless in lane 2v2 . 
  just stay where you team wants you to and lose miserably , and picking nunu is completely fine and non reportable then . 
  picking garbage champ is n't bannable . 
  and yet if it became meta to give away 1st red buff to adc as a super op strategy , no jungler would cry that you did that . 
  the problem is people do n't want to play offmeta , even if it 's objectively the most efficient thing to do . 
  no dude , the nunu specifically stated that he does n't want to farm his own jungle and wants to be the second jungler focused on counterjungling and making enemy jungler miserable . 
  this is not jungle role , this is counterjungle role . 
  how do i get assigned counterjungle role ? 
  oh okay so you just pulled that out of your ass . 
  got it . 
  i would n't report him , if anything i would dodge if i did n't want to play such a game . 
  but why not ? 
  at least it 's interesting . 
  toplaners happen to `` support '' ( initiate and peel ) almost every game . 
  that does n't mean they should queue as support . 
  lol how much gold and exp can you get from even 1v3 kills in comparison to your own jungle ? 
  it 's also completely unreliable . 
  but this nunu wins more than he loses ... 
  if that 's the most efficient way to play support/offlane yasuo and you can prove that with high winrate , then yes ? 
  how is he having 53 % winrate over hundreds of games if it does n't work ? 
  uhhhh except it is not . 
  lol seriously they thought someone will say `` wow it 's totally worth it for 350 gold '' ? 
  winrate matters because it places you in your elo . 
  people who do outright stupid shit just land in bronze eventually and play with other people who do stupid shit and do n't even recognize each other 's shit anymore . 
  there 's plenty of people who onetrick some champs with retarded builds in bronze and that 's completely fine . 
  you can not get banned just for being a bad player . 
  people on 1-30lvl do all kinds of stupid stuff and obviously do n't get banned for that . 
  being stupid is not reportable . 
  the nunu got to high diamond with his strategy with good winrate which just proves it 's a good strategy and there 's no reason for it to not become meta and completely acceptable and normal thing to do , other than `` adcs would n't have as much fun as they would want to '' . 
  i mean if we died like 2-4 times to that lane ( which is ... likely ) , as leona i would just stop going anywhere near it . 
  no point to feed them more and you can do literally zero . 
  better to gank top or something . 
  but `` off-meta '' can be related both to a champ or to a role . 
  he plays his role in an off-meta way ( = not doing what is meta in his role - babysitting adc ) . 
  similarly a proxy singed is playing an off-meta way to toplane , but it was accepted as a most efficient way to play toplane singed , as opposed to usual toplane stuff ( staying in certain place in lane , trading etc ) . 
  how do you know that ? 
  oh and before you bring the kda , i just want you to know that a melee , low range , low damage , counterjungle/objective control champ is expected to feed a lot in losing games , no matter which role he plays . 
  this is specific to the champ , not the player . 
  with a champ that 's melee , low range , low damage , low mobility , focused on objective control , in a losing game you are expected to feed . 
  if he has positive winrate in diamond , then this strategy belongs in diamond . 
  if he had 10 % winrate and continued to play it , he would just drop a few divisions . 
  and that would be fine too . 
  uhhh how exactly do we provide an instance of a person who was reported for x but not banned for x ? 
  are we riot and do we have access to people 's reports data ? ... 
  a pro played it , so it is okay now . 
  this is just not true . 
  he 's actively weakening enemy jungler , providing vision and securing a ton of objectives . 
  it said `` stealing roles '' and `` bad communication '' , not `` negative behaviors '' . 
  do you , like , hate me or something ? 
  being stupid or a bad player is not bannable . 
  players levels 1-30 and in bronze are completely terrible and do all kinds of stupid shit , guess what , they 're not banned . 
  this is why winrate is important here . 
  if you play weird things your elo might drop ( or rise ) to the elo your strategy belongs in . 
  and that 's all right . 
  personality goes a long way . 
  i 'm from poland . 
  i doubt it can be considered first-world honestly .
