  at first i needed to constantly explain to him what i actually expect , and he had a hard time adjusting to the reality instead of following some fantasy world crazy standards . 
  but it 's not impossible of course , if you have patience and a ton of good will it 's definitely doable . 
  asperger 's does n't mean you 're stupid and unable to learn , just your judgement of reality is skewed and you need stable feedback to be sure that you got things right . 
  the best thing to do is to be as straightforward as possible . 
  no need for a shit ton of assumptions out of nowhere . 
  i hate it . 
  i work with a very male-dominated environment and several times a day when i walk up to a door with someone , i have to wonder if this specific guy is gon na insist that i go first , or is gon na go first himself , and should i wait or should i go ? 
  jesus christ people just make up your collective male mind : (, 
  do men actually like looking at female butts so much that they would make up silly rules like this ? 
  can anyone confirm this ?? 
  this is so romantic, 
  it does not imply in any way that she was spending her free time throwing away her husband 's money . 
  but mostly ratties : p, 
  what ? 
  that 's awful : (, 
  i just stopped arguing with them at this point , i just do everything i can to get us all through the damn door as fast as possible and get it over with . 
  if you do something while being fully aware that you hurt feelings of the person you are supposed to be kind to , then you are not kind or chivalrous , you 're just an asshole . 
  your excuse is not working , as i am pretty sure your mother is not with you every time you insist on opening the door for some woman . 
  you probably also do n't do literally everything as your mother told you , yet you chose to do this one thing exactly this way . 
  you deliberately choose to hurt some women 's feelings because you 've been told that this is expected of you . 
  and yet you probably feel like you 're being a nice guy and they 're being unreasonable ? 
  it actually was not , but thanks for clarifying . 
  nobody gives enough fucks to fight etsy sellers . 
  why not ? 
  it can work . 
  beautiful, 
  why ? 
  dobby < 3, 
  it 's also fairly easy to sew it yourself , it 's just a couple squares sewn together : ), 
  i see yours are making holes in the back wall too ? 
  can you weight her on a kitchen scale ? 
  knowing her weight would be best to determine if shes 's actually fat or is her belly abnormally big . 
  ok , i will . 
  you 're an asshole . 
  so sorry . 
  i 'm curious . 
  wow . 
  the best explanation i 've seen yet . 
  there is a 0.43982 chance for this statement not to be truthy . 
  i , too , do not authorize presence of tobacco smoke in my circulatory system , despite being a normal human and not a bot . 
  the triplets of belleville is not a disney movie . 
  what the fuck . 
  hey , i always wash my hands !, 
   do you not want to do the dishes because you dont want to touch old food ? 
  do you not take out the trash ? 
  do you not clean up after your pet ? 
  you heard about this new thing called rubber gloves ? 
  stop washing your hands , let me know how that works out for you . 
  wow you sound like a considerate and convincing person, 
  do you actually need to insult people over not wanting to touch dirty things ? 
  seriously , it 's almost like my body believes coffee is poison . 
  i think you misspelled `` awesome '' . 
  whoa . 
   there is quite a lot of difference between dying and not being given time off . 
  is there though ? 
  is giving away hours of your lifetime much different than losing your life ? 
  i guess graves cigar is b tier somehow ? 
  incredible compilations . 
  thank you for this . 
  i would love to watch the one for lost . 
  it 's your opinion , i loved lost finale . 
  yeah ... 
  regular people would never * care * about animals ' well-being . 
  you need to link that . 
  what the ... whaaaaaaat, 
  ok i resubmitted that !, 
  yeah , i agree that my opinion is the unpopular one . 
  i played the game and it seems that even minor decisions mean a lot . 
  if you play more than once you will start to pick up minor differences building up to different outcomes . 
  it 's not similar to to the moon in a way you described - great story but also super linear ( was there even a single meaningful choice in ttm ? ) . 
  how the story develops and ends actually fully depends on the player 's actions . 
  nice game . 
  i liked the fact that you can walk out of the story at any point if you think your children need you more than some npcs . 
  makes you think about life choices of regular game characters . 
  yeah his entire thing is being a child , not a teen . 
  i call bullshit on fucking sirens . 
  but i think it 's possible he 's tried kissing them or something , like children sometimes do . 
  possibly only tried to be friends , that probably feels weird/awesome enough to a little boy . 
  hook is one of my favourite characters ever . 
  his death scene is * awesome * . 
  i do n't feel like he 's the villain in peter pan . 
  kinda everyone is honestly , this book is fucked up . 
  to be fair , children were dangerous and specifically targeted pirates ... 
  thanks for the recommendation !, 
  it looks like something i 'd really want to check out !, 
  i just lost my pet rat . 
  he was my best friend , my little sun , he was bringing me joy every day . 
  i have only two rats left , and i never loved neither of them so much . 
  i do n't know if i ever want to have more rats . 
  it 's so painful to lose a beloved pet , and rats only live 2-3 years . 
  this one did n't even live 2 . 
  seriously ... asoiaf ai n't getting finished , there 's no way in the world it does . 
  it 's not easy to see anything in this terrible quality clip d :, 
  there is nothing hostile in standing up for yourself . 
  noone will do that for you . 
  noone will protect you from terrible guys . 
  only you yourself can do that . 
  i feel like i 've been this person once . 
  communication is key , you are both terrible at it . 
  you 'd be better off separate and trying to figure out how to say tough stuff to people you care about , instead of not saying it .
