  sorry but that 's up to my employers and clients ... 
  if they want stupid crap , i need to go and implement stupid crap . 
  i hate it too . 
  as a web developer i just want to say that what i implement is dependent on the client . 
  and they often want some stupid unnecessary shit like scroll hijacking because they think it 's flashy and modern ... 
  sorry guys : (, 
  it 's really hard to implement right . 
  like really really hard , especially if you are inexperienced with this specific problem . 
  i 've been there multiple times and it 's always time consuming and painful ( on top of being stupid and unnecessary of course ) . 
  so there 's that . 
  lmao . 
  underrated comment . 
  it 's exactly like this . 
  i agree with you , it 's really not like i like or want to implement this useless shit . 
  yeah well , i just try to always make it work as smoothly as possible , that 's all i can do for you folks ... 
  hey man , any updates on that ? 
  lol . 
  they do and it 's pretty accurate . 
  queueing up with new players completely screws them over . 
  just leave their accounts alone and they will be fine . 
  this this this . 
  if you queue as a smurf with a new player the system will assume the new player is also a smurf . 
  and even if it does n't , you will screw the matchmaking ( since it 's only fair to have equal amount of smurfs and newbies on both teams , the newbie is more likely to play in lane vs a smurf ) . 
  just let them play alone and spectate or something . 
  going into queue with them will never end up well . 
  i say that as a person who played normals with diamond players while being sub 30 . 
  these games made 0 sense whatsoever , all 10 players had some completely random elo . 
  just let people play on their own level . 
  as a smurf you are screwing over both yours and enemy team ( that also has new players that also are trying to peacefully learn ... ), 
  honestly it may be just because there 's not enough new players that play solo in periods of time when you queue up . 
  a lot of newbies play duo with smurfs and that screws you all over . 
  it would be way better sorted out if smurfs just stayed away of legit new players . 
  i think i would really like to watch some games of legitimately completely new players just to see how different they are . 
  do n't worry man , as you play more your mmr will stabilize and you will get more games on your actual level . 
  it takes some time , maybe literally hundreds of games , but eventually you will end up in an interesting and not completely frustrating place . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 've been playing this game for too long ( less than 3 years ) , but it feels worth for me so far . 
  wait , how did you get it straight on this kind of textile ? 
  did you print the pattern on it ? 
  lol so he considered the child his daughter but did n't want to support her financially ? 
  well fuck this guy . 
  he literally stole from his child . 
  no matter whose fucking sperm it was , if you consider yourself a parent , you should provide money for your kid , period . 
  and how does that have anything to do with the child 's rights to be supported financially by both parents ? 
  i mean , it 's pretty easy to do in his sleep . 
  it totally could have happened . 
  it 's like having to fucking raise a child that lives with you and support it for the rest of your life was not enough money and effort for the mother part ... 
  but yeah oh no poor guy has to pay something so she is n't completely alone with a fucking child . 
  i wonder how would these man do with a child on their own and zero support from the other parent . 
  luckily for them , cheating men do n't get pregnant ... 
  stupid whores !, 
  i just wonder ... how often cheating men get pregnant ? 
  and the child shall eat rocks because it has a stupid mother . 
  it 's only fair . 
  you think a guy does not have obligations to a child that from their birth believes it 's their daddy ? 
  seriously you think it 's okay to say to a child `` i 'm not your daddy anymore lol '' and go away ? 
  jesus you people are seriously cruel . 
  are all things in the world about the money and revenge on some stupid ex ? 
  so children are some kind of financial investment that is supposed to pay off after some time ? 
  if you have to verify , it 's not trust anymore ... 
  and how would you obtain that at 79 ? 
  honestly it looks completely normal to me . 
  what kind of weird shit ? 
  my point is that nowhere i see condemn for the guy that decided to have sex with the married woman ... 
  in a hypothetical situation when in woman a has sex and gets pregnant with man from couple b and woman b has sex and gets pregnant with man from couple a , society will see that situation as two cheating whores , two poor guys being cheated on and two children that should have single mothers now . 
  why does n't anyone care about the fact that you conceive a child you always need to have a man and a woman ? 
  why is pregnant woman a whore but the guy who got her pregnant is a-ok ? 
  women cheat as often as men or even less often , but it seems they are always the ones to get most harsh consequences , because men ca n't get pregnant while cheating and therefore their behavior is more acceptable somehow ... 
  i mean ... where i live $ 6 per hour is still more than my mother earns after 30 years of being a teacher in public schools so ... 
  i remember that for some of my first games i did n't know that items build out of each other and was extremely confused about item prices changing as i was buying components and/or finished items . 
  why do you assume i 'm not already doing that ? 
  who are you ? ... 
  i do n't have kids , but i do work hard and do support people in need financially . 
  she looks like a regular nonwhite pretty girl . 
  i like her face very much , it feels different and nice . 
  zac is a sexy man ? 
  come on he 's a green blob o ___ o. 
  agreed with the other ones though , i would also add braum < 3, 
  i do n't think people at 79 care that much about marriage institution . 
  but it makes it hella easier to deal with a lot of legal/healthcare stuff . 
  so being a father for a child is basically a punishment for having sex ? 
  i just think people should think about what 's best for the children . 
  yeah the guy was lied to but if he believed for 4 years that he 's raising his own child how can he just turn his back on the child ? 
  is it the child 's fault that it has a deceitful mother ? 
  is a bond between a father and a child only a matter of dna and money ? 
  so if it 's not your dna you wo n't spend money on it and that 's literally all that matters ? 
  wow . 
  nice . 
  what is egg pooling ? 
  i 'm using now for reddit and i 'm very happy with it . 
  other apps did n't work for me that well . 
  i do n't really think the nurse would be offended if an ex patient gifted her something and asked her out in a polite and respectful manner , if she 's not supposed to take care of him anymore and has an option to turn him down . 
  i 'm not from us tho . 
  i play pretty much all the supports besides a few i do n't like , and played a bunch of different champs in every other role in the past . 
  honestly i would like to change my main role but since role select i 've been so unlikely to get anything besides support i kind of gave up on other roles and now i do n't know them at a level even close to my level of support knowledge : (, 
  people would n't be so stressed out about kda if flamers did n't tend to totally flame you for kda alone . 
  i got a lot of that when i was playing support tanks ( `` omg 0/6 leona so bad !!!!, 
  '' ) , finally said fuck you guys , now i play janna and morgana . 
  i do n't think literally any of the things described can be called frameworks ? ... 
  i mean this post literally compliments typescript which is a programming language using examples of refactor functionalities that should be handled by some ide with any kind of language , js or no js ... 
  i mean ... what the actual hell ?
