  there 's no thing in the internet that will prevent me from getting to my content , sooner or later , without seeing any ads . 
  yeah there 's no way we could use it currently anywhere near production but damn it 's so cool and tempting : (, 
  how hard just using a negative margin is ? 
  yeah it 's completely impossible to get a disease or a parasite from a domesticated rat unless you do n't infect them first . 
  they are better than cats and dogs for that matter . 
  dude you have just become a kink legend to me . 
  keep up the good work lol . 
  food like this ca n't be composted . 
  only vegetable and fruit leftovers . 
  no meat , bread , spaghetti etc. 
  food is n't made of money . 
  it affected a lot of people when it was being made . 
  i thought that salmonella is n't that common at all . 
  i live in poland though , maybe there are different standards here and in the us . 
  flexbox is awesome most of the time , but for things that are supposed to look like tables but not be tables it 's shit ( no way to make rows have columns of the same width ) . 
  all right man , it 's your loss ; ), 
  yeah i even went mid/support and actually got mid : o. 
  but i do n't have much time to learn lol anymore and i 'm pretty discouraged after playing only support for so long . 
  jungle seems super fun but i have no idea how to learn all the jungle paths for all the different champs and how to gank and how to play junglers and i literally do n't know anything about ad itemization . 
  i loved udyr like two seasons ago but recently he 's shit so i would need to pick up something new probably ... are there any up-to-date basic jungle guides you would recommend ? 
  ok , acknowledged . 
  is there any demo you would recommend ? 
  it looks like a quite important word to know before you start writing articles about js tools ... 
  react with a ton of addons can be called a framework . 
  react on its own , nope . 
  ` table ` tables are impossible to fold for mobile unless you mess with ` display : block ` or flex while already having all the ` td tr ` elements there . 
  i should have mentioned that i have this issue only when i 'm supposed to use available horizontal space without breaking lines but cutting data instead . 
  eventually it goes like this : http://codepen.io/anon/pen/ozgjjd, 
  thank you for the example though , it looks like an interesting approach and i may use it in the future for other purposes : ), 
  what is brilliant about him ? 
  not attacking , genuinely curious . 
  for sex, 
  oh my god why is this so funny, 
  i mean , riot should at least ensure that players that are supposed to compete and bring them money are able to play the game and practice ... 
  without ` white-space : nowrap ` or some ` max-height ` cells never would get overflown . 
  i specifically pointed out that for some designs i need to avoid line breaking so ` white-space : nowrap ` becomes a must . 
  basically this is what i 'm talking about : http://codepen.io/anon/pen/zzeezw - this is impossible to achieve with flex . 
  what you linked is completely fine , altough not sure what the additional markup is for if you ended up not using the classes at all . 
  does n't look like anything to me . 
  haha , yeah !, 
  even worse , birds literally die after eating bread and human food in general , especially water birds . 
  no man , this food is straight wasted , if not eaten spaghetti becomes useless trash . 
  bacteria will enjoy it . 
  i 'm a lady actually but nvm . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  gulp also has an option to watch files . 
  if everything can be achieved by older properties why do you think people use flexbox lol . 
  you 're wrong , flexbox is not only syntactic sugar . 
  sure man , glad you took care of it !, 
  flexbox is about elements taking a defined part of available space depending on their content . 
  it 's impossible to do things that flexbox does with unknown content . 
  you are the real mvp ( minimum viable product ) here . 
  what are you talking about ??? 
  it 's fucking stunning . 
  i have a bunch of projects started but do n't have the will and/or materials to work on any of them : ( . 
  for one i do n't have enough yarn , for one i do n't have necessary fleece , one is straight up ugly ( but doing it for a friend ) and one is so huge and hard to get right i do n't even want to begin . 
  i 'm discouraged . 
  all right , thanks . 
  i did n't think that much about gauge details . 
  there 's no similar crochet realistic beaver out there as far as i know so i will probably end up improvising one . 
  wish me luck . 
  what is this ? 
  uhhh it 's just some art . 
  you can argue about quality or originality but i do n't think it belongs here . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how is that possible i never thought there 's a sub for them ? 
  thanks man . 
  i 'm so gon na do this . 
  thanks for the idea . 
  jesus christ stop giving them ideas . 
  this is golden . 
  what the actual fuck that 's right . 
  lol he literally planned it to be released years ago but he 's procrastinating too hard to get it done . 
  he wrote a blogpost about that . 
  i 'm so happy i did that during season 4 . 
  fuck the books , i hate cliffhangers and we will probably never see the written ending anyway . 
  literally better than asoiaf . 
  you think he does n't owe us anything ? 
  relations with fans should go both ways . 
  wan na a pm too . 
  thanks : ) . 
  if i succeed i 'll remember to write it down and post it : ), 
  hey , i 'd honestly like to be a `` css developer '' . 
  css is fun . 
  yup , same . 
  easy and chill but gets boring pretty fast . 
  i started re-doing little projects from half a year ago and i 'm totally amazed at how much better i got !, 
  : d it 's really motivating to see improvement . 
  also pushing one wip very slowly but surely . 
  i will get there ... eventually !, 
  awesome , great job . 
  and, 
  champions exist in this game so they can be played . 
  what is the point of creating and sustaining a champion that is playable for couple thousands of people when your playerbase is 100 + million ? 
  that 's just wasteful . 
  plat and above is upper 8-9 % of ranked players . 
  add tahm kench to this pack . 
  people in soloq are completely unable to play around his w and ult . 
  it might have been staged . 
  lmao,
