  maybe they were n't back when they killed somebody and they had to change that . 
  or maybe it was unpreventable , like with a self-driving car which is not supposed to kill anyone but when it 's gotten momentum it 's physically impossible to stop it if somebody just walks into its way . 
  `` the rape barn '', 
  so it 's a thing now, 
  feelsgreatman, 
  except our ancestors did n't have to live in fear that somebody will find them and imprison them for living their way . 
  this is actually very clever . 
  it 's an excellent story . 
  so ... aegis removed and no new mr item for supports ? 
  what am i supposed to buy vs mages as leona ? 
  spirit visage ? 
  seriously ? 
  there 's no mr item for leona now . 
  it 's also kinda double-edged - if your hidden pink sees their ward it 'll disable it ... so enemies will know where 's your pink . 
  yup it 's impossible to peel zed as a single support , he 's not a bruiser , he just jumps in and out with ton of damage , good zed will dodge any skillshot with his ult + shadow . 
  you can only heal/shield and pray . 
  the true counter to assasins is vision and zoning them two screens away from adc or stacking on top of adc and killing assasin before he kills adc = team effort . 
  mind = blown, 
  it 's even more interesting in my language , where we differentiate genders also in 2nd person ( `` you '' ) statements . 
  it 's super weird when default forms refer to me as `` you , male '' and `` he '' even though i am female . 
  and yeah i met a man who seemed to understand this weirdness better when he read a couple paragraphs from random women 's magazine where someone gives advices refering to readers as `` you , female '' . 
  fun fact !, 
  yeah in competitive they 're broken . 
  in soloq it 'll be probably not that hard to play around them . 
  yeah honestly i feel like we really need some support rework and 2-3 new items ai n't gon na do it . 
  yeah if you are janna and better than zed of course it 's not literally `` impossible '' , just really really hard to pull off and has to happen in a way different than typical peel from tanks/bruisers . 
  i have only one concern - why do n't they change zeke 's somehow ? 
  right now i sometimes build it for ap and armor , but honestly passive feels like a waste in soloq where noone has any idea how to coordinate around it properly . 
  ok i read your post like 4 times and i 'm still unsure if i get your point . 
  i think we are supposed to buy `` real mage '' items for more ap . 
  if they made cheap support items with a lot of ap , they would end up being bought by midlaners and nerfed . 
  support items have to have low stats and supportive actives . 
  you can have utility or stats , not both . 
  scalings on heals and shields are important because heals and shields are not utility but rather `` anti-damage '' that has to come from stats . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to make an `` utility '' stat at this point of the game 's lifecycle . 
  ( also , do n't worry sister , we 'll just go the old lichbane path and be fine ; ) ), 
  tanks are fine , shield/heals are fine , so what 's left are high damage `` supports '' like zyra , annie , brand , veigar , lux . 
  i do n't think anybody would be really sad about them not being picked often on botlane , they 're niche already ( with exception of zyra , broken recently ) . 
  also they never built almost any support items so i do n't see a reason to complain . 
  ok i think i get it now . 
  you 'd prefer to have a separate stat so you can decide whether you want to build `` heal/shield power '' or `` damage power '' on every healing support . 
  well that would require changing literally every champ with ap scaling in the game to ensure that this scaling has been correctly converted to the new `` antidamage scaling '' . 
  it 's not impossible to do and i kind of see the point . 
  i do n't think it 'll happen however . 
  would make a lot of champions completely different , especially champs like sona , karma or nami . 
  and there 's possibility that they would have to design some really big group of items with this new stat - because otherwise you would just cookie-cut healers to the 5 items designed for them ( so basically exactly like it looks like right now ) . 
  how is heal/shield on mikael crap ? 
  a lot of supports will benefit off of it . 
  literally only supports who do n't have a shield or heal and are not tanks are zyra , brand , veigar , annie , vel ` koz ( idk maybe i forgot one or two ) . 
  i wo n't miss them on botlane and also i do n't see why would they be an important group in terms of balancing supports . 
  if zyra or brand is not viable anymore above dedicated supports because supports got nice new items that do n't fit mages , i 'll consider it a good change because it feels like the burst mages should n't even be there in the first place and only got their small niche because of high base dmg and snowball possiblity . 
  i 'm from poland , can confirm . 
  that 's so cool you kept this screenshot from 7 years ago . 
  we already have a daily quest `` win one game for 150 ip '' . 
  i was two minions away from third tf icon when my friend prematurely ended the aram on this special map . 
  i thought to myself `` well fuck , i 'll just play one more tomorrow and i 'll get it '' . 
  then the next day it turned out the event is over . 
  still fucking salty . 
  personally , i used this feature a lot and will certainly miss it . 
  a new , well done creator in the new client surely could encourage more people to use item sets . 
  i think it 's a shame we will have to go to some third-party sites to create an item set , save it , download , paste to lol folder and use in the game ( with no out-of-game preview option ) . 
  feels weird and makes no sense to me . 
  for me it 's not that good solution because it formats the sets in a way that does n't really suit me . 
  i liked to have big sets like `` ap mage '' or `` tank support '' that could last a lot of patches , and now i 'll have to go to weird places to set them up or modify instead of just doing it in client . 
  in reality , if i look for a thing which is a webpack loader , rails gem , django module etc. 
  etc. , these things all use libsass , but it often takes long time to figure out how the hell to configure them in a way that enables using . sass syntax . 
  [ mandatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c4uteeojlm ), 
  exactly ? 
  i mean , it 's not wrong . 
  yeah it 's not about critique . 
  i think it 's more like `` do n't you have anything better to do if you do n't really like almost anything in this game ? '' . 
  i bought a better phone only to play pogo and surely enough it broke 3 months later . 
  you know what ? 
  i play now pokemon emerald on my shitty phone which still can run gba emulator and i have so much fun with this awesome game in comparison to pogo where i suffered boringness and frustration from just about every single gameplay element . 
  pogo for many people seems to be like toxic relationship when it 's so shitty but you still really really want to make it work even though it does n't even depend on you . 
  so you 'll whine all the time instead of just dropping it altogether and moving on . 
  sometimes it 's just better to move on . 
  yes, 
  did it myself, 
  uhhhh i 'm not going to get baited into this discussion . 
  quick bard tip . 
  on lvl 1 , if you do n't leash for jungler , get to enemy bush asap after collecting chimes and q them when they are coming to lane . 
  if you get double stun + meep + thunderlords you just won lvl 2-3 lane . 
  always start q lvl 1 , w is worthless . 
  always take thunderlords , there 's no better mastery on bard . 
  never build ap , bard does shitton of damage while building fulltank and you need tank stats to safely stay in q range and get unchaseable with tunnels . 
  you go hybrid poke/tank support . 
  do : spellthief , thunderlord , q  e  w , cdr , ms , fulltank, 
  do n't : coin , q  w  e , ap, 
  also , do n't overdo mana regen ( eotw + one tank item with flat mana , like fh or ig , are enough ) , ad and ms runes are worth considering , sheen is great if you are snowballing hard . 
  lulu anyone ? 
  i 'm support main , tried to play her supp , mid and top . 
  i 'd really like to play her supp but she has so many abilities i never know how to react to different situations properly and mess everything up with random spells . 
  fully agreed . 
  i think it 's just worthwhile to ask yourself that question if you keep finding yourself frustrated . 
  i do this as well , i have `` adc '' `` ap mage '' `` ap support '' `` tank support '' etc. 
  pages with all the items neatly divided to armor/ap/ad / etc. 
  sections . 
  it makes it so much easier to decide what to build next in a game . 
  well , that 's just not true .
