  sona poke is not about coming up , clicking q and going back . 
  and about `` no skillshots '' . 
  she has q aa pattern , just like bard . 
  a bigger aa range , but she 's also more squishy . 
  yeah her q is more reliable and this is why she 's lane monster . 
  but it 's not like a good sona will just sit back and click q sometimes . 
  if you are unhappy with some answer on so , leave a comment for the author . 
  in css and html there are so many completely crappy questions asked that sometimes you just become lazy with answers . 
  i would n't reccomend bootstrap for learning . 
  some of its patterns amd solutions are out-of-date and hacky , made this way only to support old browsers ( that floating grid ... ) . 
  sure , fair points . 
   i work in it and we have a saying , the problem is 95 % of the time in front of the computer . 
  i work in it and we definitely do n't have this saying . 
  exactly , support role is fine but itemization sucks balls , we ca n't get interesting cheap items because they become abused by sololaners , and most supports have to use cookie cutter builds because there are little to no options for the role . 
  support item relevant for your champ , sightstone , 2-3 possible boots , aegis item , mana/tank item , damage/tank item . 
  such diversity . 
  yep unorganized ranked play is completely different world from competitive and has different op champs . 
  empowered w or e + exhaust will be more than enough in some cases . 
  do n't underestimate . 
  it 's like reddit version of rule 34, 
  seconded . 
  without passive damage it 's the worst ult in the game ( for soloq ) . 
  tf ult :, 
  * gives vision on all enemies, 
  * global, 
  * no vision, 
  * short range, 
  * very slow and telegraphed, 
  * can take ally which is almost never used in soloq anyway, 
  yeah looks amazing in comparison . 
  i spammed tahm a lot and fully agree , his ult active is trash . 
  \\  randomly grabs a carry from fog of war at 45 minute , gets a kill , gets baron , wins the game, 
  \\  useless, 
  if you want to play him only when he 's clearly broken in soloq then he wo n't miss you probably . 
  edit : lol nice edit m8 . 
  dude , that 's awesome !, 
  why do n't you go to dota subreddit to talk about it . 
  tahm is just super useless as a support . 
  as a supp you want to create opportunities for your team , tahm is all about taking opportunities away from enemy . 
  and this is fine because soraka or braum or lulu or janna also are about peel . 
  but tahm falls off so hard lategame , and his w is so overloaded , that in a fight he becomes all about this one save and then the cooldowns are high so he is left with one skillshot slow , no cc , no damage , some tankiness for himself . 
  basically nothing what would affect the fight in an important way . 
  oh right and he has ult . 
  which effectiveness for engages is completely dependent on your team cooperating and has nothing to do with tk skill . 
  so it 's rather useless in soloq and used mainly for traveling to objectives way before actual fight . 
  wow . 
  definitely not human ... 
  i do n't get it , how do you know they are n't friends and just like to talk to each other ? 
  yeah , i mean ... how dare he, 
  lol this is almost my entire budget for a living for a month . 
  yeah i 'm so going to `` save up '' . 
  yes, 
  for me it suggests ` gui ' ... hm, 
  yep . 
  it can do some solid aoe if you are lucky with 3 targets but then you are stuck for 10s doing nothing . 
  she wo n't be viable mid . 
  maybe as some niche but never really relevant . 
  it seems you 're right : [ hurricane wiki ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/runaan%27s_hurricane ) ( click `` show '' for hidden section ) . 
  although it 's weird , for example cait passive , ashe passive/q , jinx q work for every target , and are also `` empowered autoattacks '' ( [ autoattack wiki ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/basic_attack ) ) . 
  feels inconsistent : (, 
  wow ... 
  if that 's true , that 's pretty damn impressive they 're able to pull that off . 
  yeah i mean , do n't they have a director for all camera guys so they know exactly what do do in a given moment ? 
  no , i mean synchronization is impressive in this case . 
  can confirm , i really like reposts on this sub . 
  great job / u/morgana81 btw . 
  i learned many things thanks to you . 
  pick up sona , she has burst , poke , sustain , is lane bully , and needs very careful positioning and smart passive usage . 
  generally she is all about decision making as her mechanics are almost nonexistent . 
  very satisfying when you pull it all off correctly . 
  nooooooooooooooooo, 
  also scaling indefinitely with chimes so will do solid damage even in super long games . 
  soraka is the worst when your team is losing . 
  you ca n't do shit as they do n't have enough damage or tbh brains to do anything while you heal them for fuckton . 
  i hate it . 
  soraka is as useful as her team is . 
  support kda is fully dependent on their team . 
  especially since aphro played alistar . 
  kinda stupid comparison . 
  does n't really tell anything about the player . 
  yup but taking blood out of people instead of bending inside . 
  ( honestly it totally should have happened in avatar as well but would be not enough `` children friendly '' ... 
  but fuck , anyway , [ this series was the best . 
  ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9flvfsn561rxki5ho1_1280.png ) ), 
  honestly it 's a really good thing they got rid of it . 
  with league and iow every new champ had to have a reason to fight in there . 
  so either it had to be like a really good reason in their life or it would just feel awkward `` he had such and such life and adventures and then just went to fight in lol just because we need it for our lore '' . 
  it makes it really hard to make 100 + original stories for champs who all end up in the same kind of place in their life . 
  without iow and big storyline about fights of summoners you can create all kinds of champs with all kinds of backstories and it enables much more interesting designs . 
  they can also make big stories involving 4-6 champs at once , like shurima and bilgewater , but do n't necessarily have to slap all champions into one story . 
  champs can have or not have interactions with each other in lore if it makes sense for their character . 
  lol . 
  what do you mean by `` her playstyle '' ? 
  what do you do in lane ? 
  are you sure you follow correct patterns ? 
  what do you do after laning phase ? 
  maybe we can give you some advice and figure out why you lose with her . 
  support ( like every role ) is not about a champ but about playstyle . 
  first you need to learn support basics - laning , warding , decision making , items , runes and masteries , map awareness . 
  supports as champions do 5 things :,
