  great job . 
  no , i wo n't guide you . 
  google it yourself . 
  it 's complicated and i have no knowledge in the matter . 
  i just followed some tutorials . 
  try xda-developers forums and cyanogenmod wiki for some start . 
  samsung galaxy trend plus . 
   i sent my starter pokemon to the professor on day one, 
  you monster d :, 
  i have n't seen or heard about a single doduo in my area . 
  australia better country confirmed . 
  i do n't like winning . 
  i never buy it cause i ca n't use the active anyway . 
  it 's impossible to outheal a soraka bro . 
  i know that in my city some people found them in the wild , but they 're very rare . 
  i know right . 
  i hate them : /, 
  i 'm a newb so i do n't know much myself . 
  try fb groups ( both for the city and your team ) . 
  in my mystic team group we get a ton of info about exact spawns but i have n't had a chance to test any of them yet . 
  everything i want is to power up my starter charmander . 
  he has 25 cp . 
  my poor baby : (, 
  at least it 's not a jynx/gastly/drowzee / mr.mime nest like mine : /, 
  my real life rat weights ten times this . 
  they 're weak to ice ... 
  a tiny doggo . 
  same here . 
  yeah all this running outside and socializing is going to be terrible for the guy . 
  there are some reports that the method works only for first named eevee for every evolution . 
  so it would actually require 100 accounts to test this right . 
  this is nice !, 
  thanks !, 
  africa not a continent confirmed . 
  can you though ? 
  can confirm . 
  it 's like they ate every other kind of pokemon in my city . 
  drowzees , drowzees everywhere . 
  transfer, 
  can confirm we have dratini nests in my city . 
  on the other hand players in my area reported seeing farfetch 'd and kanghaskan on their radar today . 
  but i 've seen none actually caught/hatched . 
  i hatched one yesterday and saw my first one in the wild . 
  ( after 7pm local time ), 
  yup . 
  this . 
  i cry inside every time that i recall that it 's stupid niantic who got to work on pokemon go . 
  this company is so awful . 
  i do n't get nintendo decision honestly . 
  there have to be other companies that could manage implementing this game . 
  what about yes ? 
  they are incompetent , that 's all . 
  not rocket science . 
  they earned a fuckton of money , why should they care ? 
  to earn more money ? 
  better to get the f out of the sinking boat before everyone realizes it was just a scam . 
  ... yay, 
  we have a dratini nest in my town . 
  everyone and their mother has a dragonite , there are tens of people sitting around the lake in this park and going after dratinis . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i would still prefer a charmander nest . 
  i encountered eevee today , when i clicked him my app crashed , getting back in took like 90sec , clicked , app crashed , could n't log in , i decided fuck that eevee , i 'm going home . 
  maybe i should wait a month or something until this shit get more stable , this is a joke . 
  this is so stupid . 
  i ca n't believe it was made this way . 
  i thought that people from this map used some soffisticated triangulation . 
  but nope , here you are , coordinates . 
  well done niantic . 
  you are downvoted , but yeah , i also could n't believe something so completely dumb . 
  i 'd link an image but this sub is children-friendly . 
  because in every software company the same people fix software and are supposed to talk to community . 
  obviously . 
  oh my god this makes me so sad too . 
  and you think the company is full of programmers and there 's noone whose job is basically talking to people ? 
  open your eyes, 
  they have a long history of being the shittiest gaming company ever . 
  they were lucky that ingress had a small playerbase so noone really cared how fucked up and incompetent this company is . 
  now they will most likely crash and burn , and sadly a pokemon ar game with them . 
  is n't their client nintendo ? 
  i was under impression that they made this game for a super big order . 
  mine was charizard , zapdos , lapras , uhhhhhh . 
  pidgeot ? 
  kill me , i ca n't remember . 
  what sells better , balanced fighting system or whole new gen of pokemon to catch ? 
  so yeah . 
  i love it . 
  good job bro . 
  how do you recognize different pokemon , is it some machine learning image recognition ? 
  they are moving after all . 
  or do you just compare all the frames from all the animations ? 
  i now realized why trading should never be implemented in this game . 
  ... or should it ? 
  i 'm so confused . 
  thanks for response , but ... how does that work with names in your gif ? 
  o_o is it some local version of english names ? 
  interesting . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  but it ca n't be a global listing i think . 
  and if it 's local in any way , it will be still possible to set up a trade with specific person . 
  i do n't know .
