  more mature and dedicated playerbase , willing and able to spend more . 
  edit : lol guys you downvoted me because of what ? 
  i do n't even play dota , i just made assumptions about its playerbase 's financial efficiency . 
  honestly i feel like carrying a game on support , while indeed very possible , takes million times more effort and brains than in any other role , and even then there 's no guarantee your team wo n't throw while you have no damage to make up for them throwing . 
   the animal is not called hedgehopper because it hops hedges , but because it 's got a hedge-like set of quills, 
  i did n't even know this . 
  i thought it 's related to sitting in hedges or something . 
  : d unfortunately the ugly * hedgerbil * makes even more sense with this information . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  yes i guess it 's bound to the role , you ca n't get cheap stat-heavy items , but can get utility supportive actives instead . 
  but i do n't know why having so many actives is not enough and they necessarily have to be more complicated and more `` interesting '' . 
  they 're fine . 
  i 'd never dare to try to read it in english . 
  lately someone made a new translation of it to polish , it was quite an event . 
  i 'm very intrigued but slightly disgusted about its elitist approach to literature ( `` i 'll do weird shit because i can and you dirty peasants try to figure out what does that even mean lol '' ) . 
  yeah i definitely do n't think it 's all weird shit . 
  : ) i think i 'll try it sooner or later . 
  no one plays him because he 's a nerfed to oblivion ball of hp/savebot . 
  well this is not rocket science . 
  in competitive his ult is broken . 
  in soloq it 's useless . 
  i do n't build it at all , as janna or soraka i 'll be better just with ardent censer instead . 
  honestly i do n't know what do you people do with all this mana , i 'm so fine not buying mikaels ever . 
  most supports do n't spam mana-heavy spells after laning phase . 
  ardent censer alone is more than enough mana regen for janna and soraka . 
  and as nami spamming w all day every day you wo n't have mikaels until midgame anyway , better to get idol for lane and then still ardent censer ( + maybe one flat mana/ap item ) . 
  i guess it 's possible to make it work mid/late , although i 'm not sure how do you do so much damage on nami ( i 'm not nami expert though ) . 
  because ... locket is not a tank item ?? 
  i usually build ardent censer before locket , it 's cheap and lets me sustain mana ... not everyone rushes locket 100 % of the time ... 
  if i know that for some more time i 'll be stuck in lane with no ap aoe damage on sight why would i bother ? 
  i fully agree with you - i think they have no idea what are they doing with support itemisation . 
  random changes all around the place without any plan . 
  support itemisation paths are already pathetic and removing/replacing locket is the stupidest solution to this problem . 
  the same passive goes to zz ` rot , i cry when i 'm forced to build it on coin supports for mr. 
  a friend of mine suggested it as well . 
  ye exactly , i do n't give a fuck about olaf or elise or xerath or whatever random top/mid/jungle / adc removed from the game . 
   gg button, 
  you mean / ff ? 
  i mean , mine does n't include any disk and case which i still need to buy . 
  i mean it 's not even an investment for me , more like trying to get away from my potatolaptop sooner than later . 
  but yeah i 'm leaning towards thinking it 's not worth it and i should wait some more time till i can afford an actual investment . 
  edit : why did n't i write `` laptopotato '' ? 
  i 'm so dumb sometimes . 
  i think can be fine also on karma , morgana , and situationally nami ( if you get fed and decide to go ap ) . 
  ( mind you , i 'm not an expert with any of those champs . ), 
  is there a list of species affected by this bug and how does it affect them exactly ? 
  yes , exactly this category . 
  put there also shaco , rengar , heimer , and all champs with global ults . 
  i 'm so happy they have the right colors . 
  this is pretty funny . 
  i wish we had such puns in english skin names . 
  you wo n't catch me this time ! ... 
  ` 1246 ( 57 % ) ` would be enough . 
  awwww, 
  i 'd argue this is fully intentional design though . 
  pve is n't half as exciting and motivating as pvp . 
  edit : it 's also a problem with the original pandemic boardgame . 
  not every design has to readable . 
  yeah it 's not awesome and great but i think not terrible either . 
  i kinda like it . 
  lol . 
  same . 
  so far . 
  is this seriously a thing ? 
  edit : [ fuck guys it is a thing ] ( http://www.mobafire.com/league-of-legends/build/bard-is-the-word-how-to-really-play-bard-video-ad-bard-434818 ), 
  edit2 : oh god my eyes burn, 
  get some ad and you 're not anymore : ^ ), 
  you thinks sending modified packets is not a hack ? 
  then what is a hack by your definition ? 
  same experiences , i love electabuzz ( got high iv one from egg ) . 
  he even has good stats compared to jolteon . 
  it 's just his candies are hard to farm . 
  i know right , it 's really hard to get them right , and most of grass types have three evolutions ... 
  i wish i found at least one , in my town it 's nonexistent : |, 
  yoda . 
  i play only classic . 
  this way they do n't know what 's coming . 
  oooh , i member !, 
  tyrell is elliot and this show is lost . 
  that 's all , folks . 
  we solved it . 
  angela 's name is literally `` an angel '' , as opposed to a demon . 
  the numbers have to be some code revealing a url or something . 
  i 'm sure reddit will solve them . 
  i forgot about that ollie thing completely . 
  so i edited it out from op . 
  ( honestly i expected joanna to double check elliot 's real identity and not only rely on what he told her , but oh well . ), 
  i do n't think anyone in enemy team is even aware i exist when i carry as soraka . 
  or ... she 's just trans and fits dualism theme without having split personality ? 
  both her gender versions behave the same and have same goals . 
  seriously , you can watch how joanna behaves towards elliott and realize that it 's impossible for tyrell to be a part of elliott . 
  this one interaction and expression means nothing . 
  what is your proof ? 
  i can imagine squeezing season 2 though . 
  yeah in `` the road to el dorado '' it went another way . 
  the professional team lost vs team of two main characters and the losers were supposed to be sacrificed and they were very unhappy about it . 
  nah scripts can aim for you . 
  yes, 
  there is a difference between politely disagreeing and being toxic . 
  yeah he did n't want to be the coach on tl .
