  i agree , malph needs a rework . 
  during the last 6 months my boyfriend has been playing only him , garen , zac , blitz , brand support and xin zhao ... ^ ^ he 's ^ ^ diamond ^ ^ btw, 
  looks great , good job !, 
  this needs to be answered . 
  i came . 
  scumbag draven took your pentakill . 
  when maxed , his w has sick damage without any scaling . 
  on the other hand , q does literally zero damage all game . 
  w  e  q is really the only way to go . 
  recall is okay and can stay , but other things are broken and should n't be there . 
  and anyway , we were n't there when they decided to make two connected champions , so why should we defend this idea ? 
  imo it 's terrible . 
  his w does crazy damage for a utility support . 
  but it 's aoe , easy to land , and is much different if you have it maxed ??? 
  wtf man , it 's not only about a raw number on the same skill rank , not in 2v2 lane ... 
  yeah , it does more damage - to one target instead of multiple , is harder to hit , and if q and w have same rank . 
  but that 's only numbers on a skill , and in a real game , since you really should n't max q , and you wo n't hit it that consistently , w will do way more damage than q thorough the game . 
  this is incredible . 
  it 's like they built it in a different skewed reality , with different skewed people . 
  it does less damage in every realistic situation . 
  now better ? 
  so 1 point q will do more than 5 points w ? 
  pick one . 
  did bother reading , 100 % worth it . 
  i do mind that . 
  i have gender neutral summoner name , same as here . 
  it 's terrible to be treated like some super special subspecies of human . 
  i just want to play damn game , not have some teenagers and thirsty young adults to hit on me . 
  just fuck off and play , people . 
  or you wo n't . 
  have you ever tried being female and getting on voice comms with strangers ? 
  try that sometime , i 'm sure it will be enlightening . 
  you can change this society . 
  as a nonfemale you are automatically 500 % more right in everything you say as a gamer . 
  you really think girls are less than 1 % of people who play overwatch ? 
  `` we 're alive '' - sounds like a great objective for a game that 's supposed to be fun / s, 
  it 's the other way around , you are in group that treats women okay , but they are probably playing with multiple groups , and some of groups do n't treat women okay . 
  seriously though , would you still play the game if for example 30 % of time you would be mocked , hit on and harassed because you have a penis ? 
  is n't that exactly what sexism is ? 
  maybe you should just ask some playing women if they were harassed ? 
  i mean , they are playing with a woman 100 % of the time so their experience should still be more thorough than yours ? 
  women are normal . 
  women are 50 % of the population . 
  it does n't stop sexism in every life area , somehow . 
  i think we can safely assume females are at least 10 % of ow playerbase , it 's the same or bigger number for lol iirc . 
  if the proportion was really like you said 12/990 , about 1 % , do n't you think it 's pretty weird that 90 % of female overwatch players did avoid appearing in the voice chat at all ? 
  their other song [ mr. toot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asywafbavrq ) is literally a musical copypaste of balkan/klezmer-like song [ adir adirim ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xxuikbhpfm ) by balkan beat box . 
  i was pretty surprised when i discovered that . 
  i do n't recommend that . 
  i mean i assume you can use some voice change program and slightly feminine username and see for yourself what will happen . 
  even if you 're going to get called out for overreacting , at least you wo n't get harassed for having a penis ... is that really such a tragedy that some stupid guy will call you out for calling out his stupidity ? 
  being a decent person is not always easy and effortless . 
  just make an effort to stop behaviors you think are too much , that 's it . 
  you can call someone out , you can kick them out of the group , you can argue with them , or laugh at them , it 's up to you to decide what will be the most efficient in your situation ... 
  but sitting silent will not solve the problem . 
  i mean a month ago i 've been playing it fine on a 6 years old laptop , not gaming pc . 
  it 's so impressive they managed to optimize it so much . 
  when you own only a computer like this , lol is almost the only possible choice if you want to play a decent modern game . 
  because judging people for their gender and judging people for their behavior is the exact same thing . 
  sounds like great advice . 
  just shut up and pretend you do n't exist , maybe you wo n't get harassed then . 
  i 'm 23 . 
  the worst is when i add someone after game , then play some more games with them , at some point they say something assuming i 'm a man , so i just correct them like `` it 's not ` him ' , i 'm a woman actually '' , and then they suddenly start asking me about my facebook page , how do i look like or what 's my real name . 
  i mean what the fuck ? 
  why does that suddenly matter to you , complete stranger from the internet ? 
  i just want to play the damn game . 
  honestly the super nice weirdos are even worse . 
  flamers i can simply ignore , but `` nice guys '' cause me to wtf way too hard . 
  do n't they have female friends , acquaintances , sisters or something like this , ca n't they just behave towards females like they were normal humans ? ... 
  i play on pc too . 
  do you maybe have a link ? 
  dude , i do n't actually give a damn about some flame from teenagers and i 'm mature enough to deal with it , so you do n't really need to give me advice on that . 
  i 've been molested and harassed for my gender countless times in my life so it 's not exactly like you 're going to suddenly enlighten me here in this thread . 
  the only thing that bothers me ingame is that lol is supposed to be fun , and dealing with harassment , while completely doable for me , does n't sound like fun . 
  i just want to play a few games and chill after work . 
  it 's like you had to deal with politics or religion or something like this while playing lol , makes no sense , i just want to lasthit some minions , cc some champs and do some childish shit like this , no need to remind me the world is actually terrible and people hate each other for silly reasons . 
  just stop being yourself , hide all your life , shut up , pretend you do n't exist , and maybe then you wo n't get harassed !, 
  easy : ), 
  there is also no reason to not let people determine your gender . 
  if you are a man . 
  i could , but i do n't see the reason to produce another wall of text for you if everything i wanted to say can be fit into one sentence . 
  thanks . 
  because ... 
  i play ranked ?? 
  perhaps you should pay more attention to my point instead of amount of words i use and then you would still have a satisfying discussion . 
  read the article i linked . 
  unexplained part of wage gap is a part of `` average wage gap '' that is not explainable by any kind of visible reasons other than different set of genitalia . 
   the disparity of money is there because it 's an average , not because people are saying hey lets just underpay someone because they do n't have a penis . 
  this is exactly what is happening . 
  `` in one study , castilla ran an experiment in which he randomly assigned managers fictional profiles of male and female employees -- with the same exact backgrounds and levels of performance -- and asked them to allocate bonuses . 
  what he found was that women were systematically awarded lower bonuses , even though managers were told to only look at an employee 's merit . 
  because these are fictional scenarios , we ca n't blame the lower pay the woman received on her desire for flexibility , her poor negotiation skills , or her need to take care of the kids . 
  the answer here can only be bias . '', 
  i mean you can be in denial all you want , but the unexplained part of wage gap , 5 % of wage , is really well researched and documented and it clearly exists . 
  you should read the first comment i made on your longer statement . 
  you did n't really respond to its content . 
  i made my point already and i have no intention to explain myself to you , have a good day . 
  hype, 
  yeah because waiting 30 minutes for a full lobby watching people go in and out of lobby is so much better than 10 minutes in queue . 
  i 'm an `` overseas developer '' from poland , i work in a small company and we do multiple projects a year .
