  the fuck is this, 
  thanks for the answer in this thread : ) . 
  any insight what measures do you plan to adjust ? 
  you meant if you do sacrifice . 
  yeah it 's super sad . 
  how am i supposed to be a good support tank without dying at all ? 
  not really possible . 
  well ... not if you want to get that s \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  this is close to my feelings about it . 
  the other people want to do damage or gain kills or get items or be ahead in levels or something . 
  i just want to win the damn game . 
  it can be plays , objectives , calls , vision , roams , snowballing lanes , splitpush , whatever it takes . 
  honestly if my team did n't win and snowball every single lane i would never get it . 
  it was not me carrying , but really a team effort . 
  yeah , poor leona is never gon na have good kda ... 
  it does n't matter if you win the game in the end . 
  but the mastery system would n't know if your death was a reasonable sacrifice or being stupid and feeding : (, 
  honestly , i hate those . 
  you do n't need a framework . 
  just code the grid yourself . 
  seriously , it 's like 5 lines of sass , and maybe another 5 if you want some fancy feature . 
  flexbox is that easy . 
  you do n't need a `` framework '' , in 90 % cases you need a snippet . 
  no , seriously , he has to have an erection . 
  also you can always edit an old answer and add a more up-to-date solution to the problem . 
  or comment `` it does n't work for my version abc '' to save someone hassle . 
  this classic guide is everything you need for a good start . 
  flexbox is the best thing to happen for css ever . 
  really worth learning . 
  cancer-kicking ass, 
  savage d :, 
  more, 
  ummmmmm thanks this is helpful, 
  you would never guess number 7 !, 
   picnic is also an amazing css framework which differentiates itself from the array of front-end libraries . 
   intense in an amazing image viewer where you have many options to use in your website to make your professional and user friendly . 
   typed.js is perfect library to create amazing placeholders , you can use now amazing placeholders in your website as popup options . 
   this is perfect javascript scripted library which can convert any of your html page into a wysiwyg editor to use in wysiwyg . 
   this hint.css is a pure css library which can add tooltips to html elements . 
  hint.css is perfect to use and low in size , this can easily customize different sizes , colors and animations . 
  without requiring of any code . 
  also all of them are professional , perfect and amazing . 
  how is this shitty post upvoted so much ... 
  it 's unreadable and useless . 
  here , i lied , it takes whole 14 lines !, 
  ( well , one line extra cause sass did n't want to handle ` margin : 0 - $ gutter/2 ` correctly , and two extra for variables ), 
  $ columns : 12, 
  @for $ i from 1 through $ columns, 
  flex-basis : ( 100 % / $ columns ) * $ i, 
  flex : 0 0 auto, 
  . row, 
  display : flex, 
  flex-wrap : wrap, 
  margin-left : - $ gutter/2, 
  margin-right : - $ gutter/2, 
  bro ... yeah go ahead and criticize fully functionable flexbox grid with fallback fit into 14 lines : d, 
  float propety has its own problems ( ... clearfix ? 
  pseudoelements ? 
  wtf is this shit ?? ), 
  and fortunately i do n't have to care that much about browser support at my job , so i say fuck it . 
  i consider using float lazy and bad practice , i 'm a flexbox fetishist . 
  so well , even simply not having it in my code i would consider a benefit . 
  and this is grid written with utility classes in mind ( ` . col ` and ` . row ` are definitely utility ) . 
  in reality i prefer to have semantic classes and utility mixins . 
  i just checked out the account , it 's so clever and satisfying !, 
  you can use it 5 seconds before going in and use another when you are inside , it has 7.7 s cooldown with max cdr ( most bards max e second ) . 
  it lasts 10s so you could even go in , go out and go in if you wanted to : p, 
  yup , never returning can be tricky, 
  or when you only need to `` block '' it one time , you can just use dev console in browser and manually delete the element ; ), 
  how is google different than every other project maintainer ? 
  you can always fork angular and do with it whatever you want , ca n't you ? 
  i do n't admire their way of maintaining this project either but i do n't know why would they be obliged to make open-source also community-driven ? 
  lol , forgot to relog ? 
  jesus ... why did n't i learn back in the university when they were trying to teach me all this fascinating probabilistic stuff . 
  yeah this looks convincing , hi browser, 
  til . 
  brilliant sentence . 
  thanks . 
  lol . 
  okay . 
  thank you , i feel kind of stupid now . 
  edited my post . 
  for love . 
  whoa this is a new one . 
  you may have found a purpose for sam in this entire series , well done man !, 
  yeah i would never suspect what is this `` red wedding '' thing everyone is talking about ... maybe they like had a lot of red roses there and this is why it 's so hyped ? 
  maybe it 's about huge red carpets all westeros celebrities would walk on ? 
  hmmm , for me , sadly , by the time i got to the red wedding episode i had pretty good idea what 's gon na happen ... 
  why , why is it dead ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  people go around telling me it 's trash but noone bothered to give a reason so far . 
  it 's really easy to dodge skillshots like this with sona e. 
  you do n't have to have 4 skillshots to be an interesting and hard champ . 
  there 's a lot of depth to sona . 
  when it comes to poke sona is about decision making ( poke in bad moment = dead ) , bard is more mechanically intensive ( poke from wrong angle = useless ) . 
  i love both . 
  what 's your problem . 
  you ca n't outpoke sona as bard in lane . 
  do n't even try if you do n't have ignite . 
  her w will fuck you up .
