  how 's life ? 
  rip ms paint icon , we miss u : (, 
  do you really enjoy trying to hit lux 's w ? 
  i mean not `` manage to '' , i mean `` enjoy '' . 
  is n't the issue with her that without rylai she 's completely useless when ganked and dependent on jungler , and rylai is expensive as hell as first support item ? 
  ( like generally poke supports have problems with botlane parties , but only taliyah has to buy rylai first , and falls off hard if put behind . ), 
  we have plenty of very competitive women in traditional sports , i 'm not sure i follow . 
  lol . 
  do you really have some reasonable data to support that statement ? 
  it seems pretty unbelievable to me . 
  limited . 
  i mean it 's literally supposed to be a damage threat and not actual damage , unless the enemy is willing to take it only to stay in the zone . 
  it 's a clever zoning item , not some `` true damage item for supports '' . 
  i mean . 
  supports had such an item in locket before . 
  the problem with locket was that it was op and expensive not because of the active , but because of extremely powerful aura that was completely invisible and therefore not fun at all . 
  so they changed locket to taka away aura , leaving the active . 
  and made a new item which has good stats for supports and fun and clever active . 
  i 'm really glad , it was long overdue . 
  sona has all kinds of death beams . 
  i love when i take 60 % of their hp with lich bane + passive proc and they start to cry `` i never thought sona has so much damage d : '' lol . 
  \\  support heals and buffs allies, 
  \\  no way rito how can soraka do so much from backline this is unbearable plz nerf, 
  \\  support zones and damages enemies, 
  \\  no rito wat u doin how can they damage us mighty carries this is just wrong, 
  i mean , some people literally want supports to be some mysterious wardbots doing some weird unknown stuff in the bushes while other players do the real job . 
  hotfix rylai first . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  without damage it would n't be zoning , so it defeats entire purpose : your allies have to be in the zone while your enemies do n't have any reason to stay out of it . 
  so essentially you trap your allies in a zone if they want to be healed while enemies can freely enter the zone and harm them . 
  also what 's the point of having bad lategame soraka ult on every support . 
  it 's just boring . 
  the first study you linked is tiny , it had only 100 participants . 
  it 's still really interesting though , and it actually does n't prove your point at all :, 
   we can interpret the data from the two treatments as follows . 
  women 's propensity, 
  to compete can be increased by raising the relative economic payoffs from competing . 
  but the same policy also makes men more competitive , and the differences between, 
  male and female competitive choice behavior remain much the same as before . 
  there is, 
  still a large gender gap in the choice of the tournament pay scheme . 
  in short , women do, 
  not systematically avoid competition , but they need more incentives than men to reach a, 
  given level of entry into the competitive pay scheme . 
   women condition their payment scheme choice on their, 
  risk score . 
  they are more likely to choose the tournament the higher is their risk score ,, 
  i.e. , the more risk loving they are . 
  women do not consider their co-participant 's gender, 
  when choosing payment scheme . 
  similarly , women 's payment scheme choices do not, 
  vary with their beliefs about relative ability or with their co-participant 's likely payment, 
  scheme choice . 
  the second one i did n't bother to read , but maybe you can provide some tl ; dr supporting your point ? 
  edit : lol nice downvotes guys , but maybe explain why ? 
  because i decided to actually read a thing that this guy provided as an evidence to his claim ? 
  it needs to be a heal and a real damage threat at the same time . 
  if it only heals it means you are esentially trapping your team in a zone where enemies can freely enter . 
  there 's a big chance your team will get scared off the heal . 
  if it only damages then there 's no point for allies to stay in it -  there 's no point for enemies to stay in it ( no allies to hurt there ) -  there 's no enemies in it anymore because it 's so easy to just get out of it . 
  when it heals and damages it has bigger chance to actually hit people and do something . 
  if it does only one of these things , it will become either a nonimportant damage active that has no reason to really exist , or a worse and stupider soraka ult . 
  this is the real issue , botlane parties were there the entire past season and still happen now in almost every game , this seriously needs to stop somehow . 
  there 's no such thing as `` minor trades '' on botlane , does n't matter how well you trade if you still end up dead in a 2v4 gank . 
  one time i stole a dragon with a one-point soraka q. 
  i still cherish the memory . 
  until 7 okay , but until 13 ? 
  no , just no . 
  okay dude but have you considered that people use potato pcs because they ca n't afford the $ 250 upgrade ? 
  or maybe somehow you think that either everyone has spare $ 250 laying around , or people who have potato pcs are too stupid to realize they can upgrade their pc ? 
  i 'll gladly take your $ 250 if you have so many of them . 
  lol but people in physical sports are actually gated my male/female physiology . 
  has nothing to do with esports . 
  this argument is so ridiculous i ca n't believe it was even brought up . 
  please remember that sona 's quote has to be heard only by the person who picked her !, 
  please please do n't destroy my favourite quote :'(, 
  it has to happen . 
  good . 
  if everyone could hear her champ select would be literally unplayable . 
  #do not . 
  deny . 
  lol, 
  i mean , it 's fine , but nothing that experienced janna could n't do once in a while . 
  it 's like a scene from koyaanisquatsi . 
  shadow dom ? 
  um ... can i piggyback this frontpage thread to link this here and hope i 'll get * an * answer ? 
  for the first month i 'll be happy to play only lol and old games and if they work on my 6 years old laptopotato 's igpu then they should work on i5 as well probably ? 
  it 's meant to be only temporary . 
  i play only old games and lol right now so it 's not like i really need drastical upgrade from here . 
  i guess i should include some kind of future plan for gpu to adjust motherboard so let 's assume for now that i plan to get some gtx worth about $ 200 . 
  and you are right , it seems hdd is a must even early on . 
  i 'll get some cheap 512 probably , i do n't really care about storage . 
  so you mean i should replace the case with completely another one or use optional front fan ? 
  i mean , i am not attached to it , but not sure what would be a budget option here . 
  i think i 'll try to use that without a cooler and then consider if i need it . 
  thanks for the ram tip , i was completely unaware of the difference between 8 and 4x2 . 
  it 's about $ 25 . 
  it 's a polish brand , so i 'll translate what i 've read on some forums : it looks like it 's a new , this month 's model , people are pleased with the price but complain about quality ( for this price i basically do n't expect any ) , weight ( does n't matter to me , i think ? ), 
  and power supply mounted at the top instead of the bottom ( i have no idea what 's the difference ) . 
  it has an sd card slot though , which is pretty sweet for me .
