  rengar , fiddle/nocturne , teemo , vayne/twitch , lulu/karma/bard - surprise surprise, 
  swain , warwick , vlad , vayne , soraka - you better take 5 ignites, 
  garen , volibear , olaf , sivir , janna - where do you think you are running, 
  jayce , nidalee , xerath/kog ` maw , caitlyn , lux/sona - this is literally evilest thing i can imagine ; ___ ;, 
  edit : i have literally no idea why would someone downvote my comment without leaving correction or something , but ty reddit . 
  wait , what ? 
  does that really work ? 
  there 're not so many viable assasins left . 
  if you want to live mid-late game , work better with your team and take cleanse . 
  i feel like the cleanse would be much better for adc selfish self-peel ... 
  but this is what we have qss for ... 
  maybe i 'm too used to play mana hungry champs , but on amumu i did n't really have significant problems with mana , one mana item feels like enough for him even without mana regen ... 
  i feel you . 
  this should work 100 % of the time for this `` red borders '' problem . 
  it has something to do with something something mouse cursor transition to other windows . 
  i do n't get it , is it good or bad thing, 
  both soraka and twitch are very susceptible to ganks , and twitch 's passive and w aoe can cause him to push lane . 
  if the enemy gets an idea to freeze lane under their turret and harass he is screwed in this scenario . 
  any competent jungler would camp that lane . 
  all i can read from ghostcrawler 's post is `` riot offers terrible work conditions and is passion-driven , focused on delivering awesomeness instead of boring things that just need to be done '' . 
   i often have to shoo my guys out of the office at night , and i still get change logs emailed to me at 2:30 am . 
  they take this shit super seriously . 
  you ca n't really get hired by riot unless you do . 
  yeah it 's so nice you abuse workaholics and nolifers for us players , i 'm so fucking glad . 
  except i 'm not . 
  they behave like a startup founded on crunch and pain , not a big and successful company which should have now a lot of experienced , seasoned employees . 
  not talented . 
  not passionate . 
  but experienced . 
  methodical . 
  effective . 
  i do n't get what 's going on there , but even when they try to present it in a good way it looks terribly wrong . 
  one thing is to make something , another thing to implement it . 
  i play janna and am a girl , what now, 
  yup . 
  teammates never do anything wrong . 
  you always are to blame for everything bad that happens to you . 
  if you do n't want to die , stay at fountain , it will be pretty safe for at least 20-30 minutes . 
  game is about taking risks , not running away from every opportunity because `` omg if my teammates fuck up every possible skill , which i should assume they will do , then something bad can happen '' . 
  to win you need to make correct plays , not `` not to die '' . 
  staying at fountain is not a correct play even if it 's almost sure to give you perfect kda . 
  if the game was about not dying , pros would n't die at all . 
  yesterday i played with a draven with 30 kills at 25 minutes who kept running away from people he could two shot ( leaving teammates to die even though he could easily save them just autoattacking ) . 
  it took us about 40 minutes to close the game which should have ended much earlier . 
  being passive is bad . 
  being passive because you are too afraid that you might die and * omg dying is the worst thing in the world * is the worst . 
  this is why bronze games last so long , people do n't know when they should be aggressive , are too afraid to act decisively and just run around waiting for things to happen , regardless of being behind or ahead . 
  weird , i see too passive players all the time . 
  okay man there is a slight difference between `` be fed as fuck adc and go anywhere you want without vision '' and `` be fed as fuck adc and help your teammates instead of running home at a slightest sign of danger like a pussy '' . 
  seriously guy was too scared and unskiled to even kite people he could have two shot . 
  because if he died the world would probably have ended . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  in soloq you pretty much have to fight even without a reason . 
  because for example enemy team attacks you for no reason . 
  so fh + liandry = permanent aoe liandry burn ?!?!?!, 
  wtf ?? 
  difference between wintermint client and thing that riot needs is that riot needs a client which will work in 100 % of the cases on multiple platforms , every pc , every server , anywhere in the world . 
  there can be no `` literally clientbreaking '' bug . 
  no security issue , no compatibility issue . 
  it 's easy to write an app , hard to get it to work for several tens of millions of people . 
  braum is very good versus poke lane sona , as a sona main i hate playing against him . 
  his shield is incredible vs her q and ult , and if she 's not very careful post-6 he can just wreck her with his ult which she has no counterplay to . 
  did n't you consider going all-in lane vs poke lane ? 
  like : pick leona/thresh , avoid free damage , lose cs , wait for them to misposition/your jungler to come , get double kill . 
  poke supports are designed to win lane , but lose all-ins . 
  you ca n't let them dominate you ( for example with passive janna ) and poke you for free , this is exactly what they want . 
  can outsustain soraka in terms of mana but with the coin buff it 's a very hard lane anyway . 
  lol of course braum 's poke is worse , but overall he 's basically a counter to sona . 
  sonas like to stay in bushes , if braum zones you from the bush , minions are gon na hurt with your every q. 
  lol why would you do that d :, 
  lol why would you do that d :, 
  it 's not about communication , it 's about general tendency for mid , top and jungle to come to botlane way more often at the same time . 
  we do n't see many toplane parties , but botlane parties happen to me in nearly every game . 
  i 'm not asking how to make them less painful but how to adjust to this tendency ( for example picking supports better in 4v4 than 2v2 etc ? 
  yeah it is really annoying , botlane is no longer 2v2 lane , adcs do n't have a moment to breath , and after a party everyone goes to midlane and takes farm from poor midlaners . 
  with the new dragon riot wanted us to teamwork but this grouping bot-mid and weird forced fights from level 4 to 9 are just dumb . 
  as a support i started to stay literally 5 levels behind toplane even when i win lane because people grouping take all the exp and i have to roam mid and ward around lane all the time instead of staying on it . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  i do n't remember coming toplane even once in my last few games , sorry : p, 
  except there would n't be anyone in lane to gank . 
  a few years ago one of his skills gave allies a heal or a speedup right ? 
  botlane after feeding doublekill to kata : `` look u dumb anivia this is how to play mid !!! '', 
  kinda fuck you dude, 
  so it does ? ... 
  i do n't even know why pick sivir if you can take any support and build talisman instead with active cd like 40 seconds . 
  at least botlane does n't tp to top to fuck you from lvl 3 onwards, 
  `` you can farm minions , i will farm champions '', 
  so much this , i 'm getting sick of getting dove for first 15 minutes of the game with 4-5 man bot and then getting from my top smart advices like `` bot stop feeding '' . 
  dude maybe it would be easier for me to live if you 'd taken tp . 
  being a support started to be really painful too , botlane parties are super tiring and fun only for junglers and mids , for supp/adc it 's only tax , risk and being blamed for dying 2v4 under turret . 
  what is the point of building damage if the guy who built only defense still kills you and you do n't kill him 1v1 ? 
  how does that make any sense , especially keeping in mind that damage builds are much more expensive ??? 
  this makes a meta where quite literally defense  offense . 
  so should we all pick tanks and the tank who does more damage building only defense wins ? 
  this is what makes a fun game ? 
  because this is kinda what is happening right now ( at least pre 5.13 ap changes ) . 
  better early itemization for adcs theoretically could help . 
  but really it 's a much bigger problem with mobility creep and super mobile mids and junglers on top of tp meta and dragon changes , which makes grouping early on bot both desirable and very easy to do - but a hell for actual botlaners . 
  with ap itemization changes it should be even easier for all types of ap midlaners to get some dmg earlier and roam bot , so ... yayy ... 
  i feel ya bro < / 3,
