  should have searched d :, 
  it 's not even about if the rank is legit and well deserved , it 's about people who are often unable to understand and explain why exactly did they climb . 
  for example , i got from silver to gold iii this season , and if you asked me why , i would say `` well i got better '' . 
  i could say `` i stopped playing bard and started janna '' . 
  or `` my map awareness got better '' . 
  or `` i did n't give a fuck and relaxed '' . 
  but this is not advice and i do n't think it 's even the correct reason . 
  i do n't think people who play a game will necessarily have insight to determine why are they good at this game and what steps did they do . 
  0 nerfs for lee sin . 
  let 's wait for him to have 70 % pickrate . 
  stop with this feminazi nonsense . 
  is there a summonerschool-y sub for people who do n't want to learn basics but only more advanced stuff ? 
  thanks , i needed this . 
  so a pickaxe is enough to kill a caster with turret shot + one aa ? 
  i 'm support main who likes to play a mage mid ocassionally . 
  first , learn your champion ranges and mechanics and learn to execute fast their basic combo ( ori q  w  selfcast e , lux q  e  r etc ) . 
  practice farming and pushing waves in custom . 
  second , the most important thing as mid is to stay agressive . 
  if you did n't lose lane hard , you should deal first or second damage in team . 
  for me it 's hard to embrace `` blow up everyone '' mentality as a supp main but it 's really crucial . 
  third , as a midlaner you have roaming duties in midgame . 
  you should pay attention to map to know where enemy jungler is so you do n't get killed in gank . 
  also you need to know when toplane or botlane are gankable . 
  it 's usually when you push your lane to enemy turret and your teammates are pushed under their turret . 
  you have to estimate if you are able to win 2v1 or 3v2 in your situation ( for example if enemy is n't fed enough to kill all of you in a fight anyway , if you have enough mana etc ) and if it 's possible the jungler ( s ) will show up as well . 
  if you think enemy midlaner went to gank other lane , immediately follow them or ping like crazy . 
  also remember you should pay special attention to botlane . 
  when there are both turrets there will be many botlane parties ( multiple people ganks/fights ) you are expected to show up on . 
  when first turret falls you can be 100 % sure that one or both botlanes will soon rotate to mid so be prepared for that to happen . 
  the dankest timeline . 
  with such high pickrate he should have 30 % winrate . 
  high pickrate and ~ 50 % winrate is bullshit because it means the champ fits well in literally every game and every teamcomp and it should n't be the case . 
  lol man , the whole point of fletcher is pushing to success through abuse . 
  he 's well aware that what he is doing is abusive . 
  but he thinks it 's justified for the greater good . 
  yeah does n't matter the other kid suicided if in the end he produced `` a great musician '' who agrees to be abused by his teacher sometimes . 
  this character is so wrong and the movie shows it so clearly , i kind of ca n't believe anybody argues that what he was doing was right . 
  unconceived children ? 
  or if you 're a woman , then obviously your lost virginity . 
  hahahahah seriously someone has a problem like this ? 
  women in video games are not naked enough ? 
  you can find very deep insight for this change by the skin artist herself here : https://twitter.com/kateyanthony/status/806713867019522048/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw, 
  tl ; dr : they changed this because bare thighs looked weird with the pose , and to make her more in line with other heartseeker skins color-wise . 
  also some concerns about how the model looks from angle during actual gameplay and splashart similarity . 
  tl ; dr of tl ; dr : they changed it cause they think it looks better this way . 
  end of story . 
  what the fuck ? 
  necrophilia is not only about a person that is literally dead , it 's about person who is not reacting in any way to anything that you do to them . 
  it can be sleeping or drunk , in a coma or just willing to behave like a nonresponsive doll . 
  or in this case , an android turned off . 
  black and blue . 
  how is a dictionary suddenly an authority about human sexuality and psychology lol . 
  i 'm not redefining a word , but explaining how it actually works . 
  if you are necrophiliac but do n't have dead bodies nearby you will ask your gf to lay quietly and do nothing . 
  there 's a really clear difference between wanting to fuck a robot that behaves like a normal human and wanting to fuck a robot that is turned off . 
  nooooooooo d :, 
  i have silent night and do n't really like her very much . 
  would use the shit out of dj sona if i owned her , for the music and particles . 
  arcade is also nice . 
  i agree tho that dj is `` the noob skin '' for her . 
  i 'm sorry for trying to inform you about something i found interesting ? 
  now that you mentioned the jibber jabber , do you know if i can sell handmade things related to lol ? 
  or generally fanart ( like i make a cool image and sell posters ) ? 
   we 're generally fine with you creating stuff as long as you provide that stuff for free , and do n't use league of legends content in an inappropriate manner . 
  this is not very clear to me - i can make fanart things but only if i give them away for free ? 
  this applies to physical things too ? 
  i 'm surprised nobody got the reference yet . 
  here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abz2m0olmpg, 
  this is ... a quote about reddit , actually . 
  this is solid advice , op . 
  whatever you do , you ca n't fix him , only costly , long and painful therapy maybe can . 
  do n't get dragged down , do n't treat him weird , just be there as a friend . 
  be good to him when you can , be an upside of his life . 
  that 's all you can do really . 
  this is awesome !, 
  i play sona , janna , soraka and leona and for me still the hardest is sona . 
  leona is 0-1 , either your team is braindead or they are not , so either you go in and die or go in and not die . 
  does n't take much to press 4 buttons every two minutes , stack armor , run around and look scary . 
  zeke passive is impossible to play around in soloq . 
  i had a rioter comment on this that basically they are fine with zeke being viable only in proplay . 
  this is not an item for rankeds . 
  nobody cried for locket aura nerfs even though it was way more busted than redemption . 
  people just do n't like seeing supports have an impact . 
  no way , how can soraka or nami be more popular than lux or brand support ?!, 
  we ca n't let that happen . 
  support champs should n't be allowed to exist in this game . 
  also games , movies and internet services . 
  lol no . 
  `` huh ? 
  why is this bush so large ? 
  oh i guess they started to grow ... '', 
  in most games you do n't group with your team as support tank ? 
  then what the hell are you doing ? 
  splitpushing ? 
  they do spawn on slabs tho ... ? 
  how is roaming not grouping with teammates though ? 
  cooldown on king 's vow passive is 90s , you can rebind it during every roam and basically almost every fight . 
  i assume you roam to fight and tank/do damage , not only to say hi to your laners . 
  they ca n't change the grab because it would delete the champ and they do n't want to delete champs . 
  they ca n't buff anything else either because the grab is so bullshit .
