  \\  thinking he had cracked a rib, 
  \\  he went home and went to bed, 
   anyone would be able to name their game `` battlefield _______ '', 
  how is that a bad thing ?? 
  did n't mean to insta cum !, 
  if i 'm not hard again in 15 minutes , jill it off , jill it off ... as if nothing really matters . 
  hup hup wuba wuba baaa, 
  i mean , jesus , i 'm from europe and when i feel severe pain in my abdomen , i will sure as hell go to hospital to get controlled . 
  this guy might have died because of his bad judgement about what caused his pain . 
  it 's crazy when you think about how many people in us actually died because they did n't want to deal with medical bills . 
  we should defend the rainbow core some more , it seems it 's being vandalized by some assholes . 
  there 's already some art close to the left and right side of the starry night though . 
  noooo we killed a kwaan face :'(, 
  the logo looks glorious tho , good job guys . 
  how is vlad still alive ?? 
  i ca n't believe i 'm here for this moment < 3, 
  dude sorry but it 's impossible to lose lane vs an incompetent janna that stays 10000 miles away and spams tornado on cooldown . 
  there 's some weird shit going on with flairs currently , i had sona flair , it changed to sion , i changed it back to sona , now i have syndra for no reason . 
  how can she be less proficient in terms of skill and game knowledge if she has the same mmr ??? 
  how can you prove that ? 
  what is the measure you 're using ? 
  buttons mashed per second ? 
  yeah you can play azir or ryze all you want in soloq if that 's what you 're into , but most people prefer picking champs that provide 50 % + winrate for them . 
  if that makes them unskilled in your eyes , whatever lol . 
  all `` easy to play '' meme supports actually require a lot of knowledge to predict and prevent enemy abilities . 
  but what would you know about that lol , you are probably very surprised when a support `` randomly '' disrupts your elaborate masterplan . 
  `` wonder why there 's so many thresh otps in high elo ? 
  put said players on janna , and they 'll drop 3 divisions '' lol . 
  very logical argument . 
  lol it 's just you ca n't decide what do you even have a problem with : d. bad jannas that you somehow still lose lane to ? 
  good jannas that dare pick janna instead of azir and therefore you still will consider them unskilled ? 
  dude just make up your mind : d, 
  nooooo rip my favourite mage :( ( (, 
  what is going on there ? 
  all right , i 'm devoting some of my next pixels to you guys < 3, 
  if we do n't eradicate the void when it 's small it will eventually grow ... eh , i 'll just hope us people will kill the void in the flag when they wake up . 
  never . 
  i do n't think we agreed on attacking you here ... you sure it 's not the void framing us into attack ? 
  i admire your will to maintain other art on your flag , but i 'm against this . 
  allow the rainbow road pass through your flag . 
  even if rr mods allow this , you wo n't do that all by yourself , randoms will cover you . 
  maybe you should ask for support on r/pokemon or somewhere like this . 
  good luck !, 
  it 's a trap from the void d :, 
  maybe stick it somewhere on the rainbow in former blue corner ? 
  i think nobody would mind that . 
  edit : for example here , between c9 logo and totodile : ) https://www.reddit.com/r/place#x=941&amp;y=813 it seems nobody is that interested about this space . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yeah sure . 
  i do n't know if you are in contact with the estonian people , but they should agree upon what do they want in the yellow/orange area below the flag and near the rainbow and post it here . 
  the flag was n't so big before . 
  i do n't know what 's the issue honestly , there are many flags that rr crosses . 
  if you have n't noticed , rr is helping to preserve and gives space to actual art . 
  it 's here : https://www.reddit.com/r/place/#x=367&amp;y=635, 
  scripter kids from r/tyler1 are trying to fill this space with a face of a lol streamer . 
  who is a kind of asshole btw , but that 's irrelevant , the point is it 's a scripted attack on rr , estonia , france , and lol without any agreement . 
  estonian want the flag and the rainbow preserved , please help !, 
  also try to wipe meme text under the flag if possible . 
  r/leagueoflegends seems to not be involved , they only defend their white space . 
  i just made a post with details , please upvote so the rr gets alarmed . 
  aww it looks great !, 
  let 's make this happen . 
  but currently maybe instead of using pixels on different blue please help rebuild the rainbow ? 
  it looks terrible and if we do n't do anything the face will take over : ( . 
  i do n't think anyone will attack your blue when we are done with tyler1 . 
  man , chill , it seems you are totally good with the flag . 
  we never confirmed any war with the flag . 
  and covering a big chunk of the rainbow on the way . 
  it 's not like i 'm a deciding member here , i just want more rainbow truces and less rainbow completely disappearing . 
  it 's not like you are going to actually defend this rainbow frame if it gets attacked . 
  aww it 's already done !, 
  good job !, 
  all right man . 
  i 'll trust you . 
  you are mistaken fellow human , as all of us here are definitely human, 
  therefore i estimate probability of this being only a * humorous * comment to 93.7 %, 
  * executing laugh.exe ... . . * ha !, 
  silly , you really think that 's gon na succeed ? 
  thanks for this little adventure : ), 
  i mean , no offence but i adjusted to things like hud changes or new sr way faster than to the new client . 
  if there are months of betatests and people still complain i do n't think it 's fair to say that 's because they `` hate change '' . 
  lol seriously ? 
  can you upload a screenshot ? 
  ( because * i * obviously have friends ... you know ... even more than one of them . 
  multiple friends . 
  yeah . ), 
  for you it runs smooth , for a lot of people it does n't lol , your good experience does n't invalidate others ' bad experience . 
  i mean , yeah the new client is only super laggy for me , made me dodge ranked like 5 times because i could n't pick a champ , and makes it impossible to edit masteries in champ select or edit item sets . 
  what am i even complaining about lol . 
  oh crap man if you are on eune i 'll add you asap . 
  stop poro suffering, 
  it 's funny because i never said a bad word about for example the new game hud that was the big change like 2 years ago , when everyone cried they want the old hud back . 
  i also signed up to alpha client tests because i was so eager to try it asap . 
  but yeah ... 
  i complain because i hate change , that must be it . 
  * phoenix man, 
  sent ... where ? 
  is it possible to make this thing about shift click not a secret knowledge ? 
  like inform about it in popup when you open runes for the first time or something . 
  i would n't ever figure it out without your comment .
