  do you really need to be so asshole-y though ? 
  i know for sure that for example riot will ban you for refunds in lol if you already bought any content with your `` coins '' . 
  and i see no reason why apple would n't tell developers which pieces of content and which consumers have refunded , otherwise it would look like taking money away from devs without giving a reason . 
  if it really works like this in app store , well , those are certainly terms i would n't agree to if i had any choice as a dev . 
  aww , you sweet summer child . 
  yeah but honestly this is totally on pendragon , not trynda . 
  no shit , if lcs does n't start to work better , his entire company can be in very hard position ( if what he says about little commitment into other esports is true ) . 
  of course me running a succesful business has very much to do with how capitalism works . 
  i 'm sure if i ever had my own company it would work differently : ), 
  rich people stay rich because they use the power they gained by , well , being rich . 
  riot has a monopoly on leagues in the biggest game on earth , they can force on lcs owners anything they want , what will a single regi do ? 
  create his private league ? 
  drop this part of his life and his company entirely ? 
  or agree to some ridiculous terms ... like he already did . 
  like other owners did . 
  and like tens of players do . 
  how much pissed off do you think they need to be in order to make such a radical change in their lives and plans ? 
  even in this text , regi first goes on and on about his awesomeness and dedication , but finally does n't say `` so fuck lcs i go to other esports now , we will be fine there '' ( which i half expected from his tone ) . 
  no , he wants to cooperate , be helpful , politely asks riot to change things he does n't like . 
  he is displeased but ready and eager to fix riot 's issues . 
  it 's still riot who 's in position of power . 
  i agree . 
  i actually think price gave her this job anyway , ever after she turned down his invitation ... just to see what happens . 
  lcs does n't make money as a product . 
  it 's just a big advertisement for another product and it brings only costs , not profits . 
  nfl is a product itself , makes money on its own , and has to make profits . 
  nfl is a product being sold to advertisers . 
  lcs is advertisement itself . 
  i 'm not sure how can you not see the difference from owner 's standpoint . 
  it is often necessary to make a few items position relatively to/sit on the same baseline . 
  there is n't ? 
  how do you people live there then ?!, 
  i 'm seriously curious about what you said . 
  if someone is underaged or does n't have driver license is a plane their only option to move between states ? 
  it 's about sun position probably . 
  and i agree , it would be dumb for animals to not know when to expect the night coming or summer ending and doing things at random times . 
  animals are not stupid . 
  i refuse to acknowledge that not all riot empleyees are developers !, 
  all those slackers from lcs production teams should roll up their sleeves during offseason and fix yasuo bugs !, 
  do n't your teens go to concerts or other events outside of their state ? ... 
  why would you drag a parent with you on such an occasion . 
  what you say sounds terrifying honestly . 
  trains in my country are rarely on time , but at least i actually * can * go to any city by train and it 's really inexpensive . 
  people choose cars or planes only if it 's really comfortable for them for some reason and worth the money ( fuel or plain ticket are much more expensive than train ticket ) . 
  honestly it feels a bit unfair to drag this to the public in such a cunning way . 
  it 's like he ca n't negotiate on his own , so has to bring angry mob with him when he wants to change some terms . 
  we need more responses !, 
  more responses, 
  do n't worry , me too . 
  i ca n't decide if timing right before lcs finals and worlds is good or terrible here . 
  lcs contracts are scripted - confirmed, 
  ca n't decide if timing for this drama , right before lcs finals and worlds , is actually great or terrible . 
  it does n't fix bubble strat , now you just have to use revive sometimes when you train , it 's still very easy if like me you swim in revives . 
  so basically , you think we were manipulated and used by regi and that 's fine , because he `` needed '' us ? 
  from level 30 you will have more dust than candies for powerups . 
  i just caught my first today , it 's glorious . 
  how can you not love something so gentle , majestic and overpowered ? 
  ehhhh what the hell ? 
  this sounds pretty bad . 
  i guess i should n't have thrown my 100 % rattata away after all d :, 
  ca n't you read all the comments below ? 
  then please try in browser or dedicated app and you will know the answer : ), 
  what kind of orianna ults on janna ? 
  please . 
  sssh . 
  it was orianna 's fault . 
  good idea , will do . 
  edit : and done . 
  or , you know ... not sub them at all . 
  i do n't like her , but she still very much fascinates me . 
  also , gideon :'(, 
  nope . 
  you can tweet them as well ; ), 
  bonus from iv scales linearly with level . 
  no matter what level you 're on , it will be just as important . 
  i had rattata and transferred it ... 
  i will regret it forever : (, 
  you have to lick my balls mharti . 
  this is genius . 
  thanks . 
  this . 
  you need to consider your mental and physical health before involving in something that demands you sitting 12 hours a day in a dark room playing a video game , eating pizza and trying to entertain people . 
  anyone will get depressed in such environment , this is no way to live your life if you want to be healthy . 
  there is a plenty of streamers who do 6-8 hours streams , not every day , and they are just fine . 
  do n't be greedy and do n't ever pay with your health for viewership , wealth , position or whatever you want to have in terms of career . 
  4km in pogo , so 20km in real life ? 
  sounds fair to me . 
  if you want those people to enjoy the game , yes you should consider their point of view . 
  being self-confident was never before a prerequisite to succesfully play lol . 
  so it 's like almost every poll on this sub . 
  what if i can chill in ranked without voice but could n't with voice ? 
  you take away rankeds from quite a large group of players . 
  `` oh bro you have cancer ? 
  i 'm sorry but have you tried not having cancer ? 
  i 'm sure it would help you ! '', 
  yep . 
  i 'm sure a lot of current players would feel extremely uncomfortable to the point of leaving the game . 
  and i do n't see lack of voice comm being a reason to stop/not start playing the game . 
  if you really want coordinated games , you can still play with premades and talk on skype or curse . 
  because casual players are n't allowed to play ranked ?
