  if you create a cheap item that gives xp you can be 100 % sure laners will pick it up and you 'll have to remove it altogether . 
  entire concept of a support role is screwed , let 's make a role that does n't have any resources , any damage , any recognition , and is supposed to place wingy sticks sometimes - oh and also is fun to play . 
  like what ??? 
  the role design does n't make any sense in terms of making a fun role . 
  i like to support because it 's a deep and complex role , but the disrespect from other players and the game itself is unbearable . 
  the entire game is super focused on kills and damage ( with kda and million of hud details ) but there 's 0 emphasis on preventing/healing damage . 
  i do n't need to have more xp or damage , all i want is to have `` dmg shielded '' stat , `` ally saved !!! '', 
  or `` penta heal !!! '', 
  announcement , `` player x just cleared a ward '' in chat , `` helpful pings '' statistics , seriously just shit like this to make me feel like people actually see what i 'm doing . 
  you ca n't 2v8 as adc and support if 3 of the enemies are fed . 
  a fed support alone usually wo n't save a fed adc from being destroyed . 
  anyone can 1v9 if the enemy team decides to ignore their existence . 
  but it 's true that it often happens for soraka , i ca n't believe it every time i see it , but it really works . 
  got ta love the games when i 'm crying for entire game `` just kill soraka first '' but noone in my team seems to grasp the concept of shutting down the healbot instead of going straight to carries . 
  thresh is yasuo of support . 
  rip, 
  does n't it also hurt some ad champs that have onhit magic damage ? 
  like udyr , tahm etc. 
  dragon trainer . 
  this is incredible : d, 
  i 've been playing almost 3 years with always unlocked and i have to admit i wish i was able to play with locked . 
  i sometimes get pretty lost when fast mouse movements an precision is needed . 
  i guess the best would be to be able to fluently switch between both every time when it 's needed . 
  i mean , wtf , it 's the most creative and interesting mode that actually makes sense . 
  how do people not like it is beyond me . 
  it 's fun and challenging and even has bans and is not random ... come on people, 
  i do n't even know why is there `` female '' in this sentence . 
  it does n't apply to male characters somehow ? 
  this is both satisfying and terrifying . 
  lol . 
  is there some video or a guide that covers them all ? 
  he needed some buff , he was in terrible spot . 
  the buff was great obviously but i do n't really think he is overbuffed right now . 
  yep , just like thresh , he 's either useless or a god . 
  thresh and bard are riven and yasuo of support . 
  why nike box ? 
  wow , a great model . 
  well done . 
  material design lite , and when i need only grid i just write/copypaste a custom bare grid and i 'm good . 
  there was also a web game for mapping neurons , but i do n't remember its name now ... 
  i spent many hours there , with other maniacs colouring neurons `` for science ! '' . 
  it was fun . 
  edit : [ eyewire ] ( http://eyewire.org/explore ) . 
  will you release the design so non-us redditors can print it locally ? 
  lol . 
  thanks for letting me know . 
  thanks m8 < 3, 
  the pogo music though . 
  i do n't really like the ears , but the feathers are amazing . 
  also appreciate taking photo session in the forest : ), 
  ca n't confirm , am faker, 
  it was on pbe but did n't go to production : (, 
  til faker has a name . 
  you are being downvoted only for being silver . 
  most people do n't main a champion but a role or two . 
  it 's actually very rare to play only one champion every game . 
  you should learn the game , not a champ , champs are really easy , you will be able to pick up any one you like with little to no practice . 
  the most important to learn are things like roles , items , map awareness , generally `` rules '' of the game . 
  at this first stage you should really play anything you find fun , try out a lot of champs ( to play better versus them after you grasp what are they about ) and just explore . 
  it really takes a lot of time to learn lol , no need to tryhard at this point : ), 
  yep it sounds like it 's just not worth the crapton of damage you will receive for running between minions . 
  even for thresh collecting souls is hard and taxing . 
  i do n't know how i feel about this change . 
  rip my hopes and dreams . 
  yeah , how dare she do things in lane instead of not doing anything at all !, 
  it 's so common css issue , i 'm surprised nobody though of simple three-lines ` text-overflow : ellipsis ` there . 
  i know you are not exactly developing for responsive size but still . 
  you need your mental health . 
  do n't give that up for money , it will be very hard to recover . 
  if you only need money to get by till the end of this month , borrow from literally anyone , or go hungry , just find a place where you can get any food so you do n't faint at some point . 
  talk to the landlord too , or just do n't pay the rent and stall . 
  you have a very stressful life judging from your post history , you probably have depression , fight for your mental health above all - drop studies , go homeless , go back home , whatever , just do n't give up your sanity . 
  does n't matter what happens to you in the short term , you can recover from anything as long as you can stay mentally stable . 
  drop me a pm and let me know how much do you need , i 'm kinda poor as well and half a globe away but maybe we will figure something out . 
  yep , we must vote out the yasuo of support . 
  maybe you should have ? ... 
  hey , it depends . 
  if you frequently do favors for each other it 's all right to expect it 'll be actually done . 
  hmm , examples ? 
  i 'm sorry but usually being atheist means you do n't believe in any god . 
  anyway why would you need to believe in god to create art about it/him/her ? 
  god can be just a fun and interesting concept like any other . 
  do n't mock people for their english please . 
  it 's usually easy to tell whether someone 's learning or making mistakes in their native language . 
  english is my second and i was having a very hard time trying to communicate to people some time ago . 
  i was worried that i make mistakes and sound weird all the time . 
  strangers that did n't mock but encouraged me really helped to deal with this . 
  jesus dude i was 100 % sure you 're talking about your daughter . 
  here 's looking forward to clean it ; ), 
  give them food and do n't do anything scary . 
  that 's basically it . 
  they 're probably young so they will surely eventually decide you are all right . 
  you can give them small amount of yogurt ( natural , without sugar or anything ) , baby food or honey on a spoon . 
  it 's a treat that is impossible to take away so they have to stay close to you for a while to lick it . 
  once they learn it 's not wise to bite the spoon , you can try the same but with your hand . 
  if you try to hold them , wrap them in a piece of clothing where they can feel more hidden , cuddly and safer . 
  it takes some time but they will get more trusting , do n't worry : ) . 
  it 's very good you got more than one so they can encourage and comfort each other . 
  sunshine !, 
  we did something reddit !,
