  teachers who love teach children to love teaching , learning . 
  teachers who teach to love love teaching , children learning . 
  teachers teach teaching , children love learning who to love . 
  53 % winrate on 2400 games is awesome score . 
  most people should have 50 or like 51 % winrate , 53 % for such a number of games is big . 
  i 'm sure that if he had 47 % winrate you would argue that is surely means that singed support is inherently terrible . 
  so he should be banned for playing something that is `` not established '' = offmeta . 
  well , no . 
  exactly this , i do n't care if my adc is 0/20 and crying in the corner if that means i am winning the game . 
  i do n't help my adc because he 's a precious snowflake but because i think it will help me win . 
  if i think something else will help me win better , i do n't give a shit if the adc has fun or is well protected . 
  have you never intentionally tilted some enemy sololaner raging about his bad jungler ? 
  be honest . 
  the hero we needed . 
  poor adc , when 4 of the enemy team chase his support and he has nothing to farm because of proxy so he finally has to take that stupid tower that gives almost no gold at all / s, 
  this . 
  i do n't give a fuck about my adc . 
  if protecting him gives me best chance to win , i 'll protect him . 
  if he 's bad or something else seems like it gives me more chances to win , i wo n't give a shit about that feeding bastard . 
  i can main sona , janna and soraka but i tell ya i sure ai n't no fucking adcs mommy . 
  of course it is . 
  he has 53 % . 
  now what ? 
  why the fuck not ? 
  are you aware that there was a competitive game won literally by grouping as five on mid and taking down all turrets and nexus in sub 10 minutes ? 
  riot had to change turrets completely because of this strategy . 
  and it was a perfectly valid strategy . 
  less gold reliant but way more exp reliant . 
  because you never saw people chasing a singed in your life . 
  maybe he 's fine with his elo ? 
  i guess only faker is allowed to go offmeta ? 
  support is for supporting team , not the adc . 
  i do n't play support to make some guy happy but to win . 
  yeah like any adc did anything in my life for me other than pressing heal sometimes when they feel too stressed out . 
  i 'm not sure i would recognize your `` i love you '' from `` fuck you asshole '' if we were laning . 
  this guy does n't just do something random , he pushes all lanes and denies enemy jungler his camps while heavily distracting all enemy laners . 
  i 'm not sure how is this comparable to just abandoning one lane . 
  well . 
  i have seen things . 
  i am not an asshole tho . 
  i legit believe that people should play to win in rankeds . 
  if you win me the game but i am 0/20 because you left me to die i 'm still fine . 
  i do n't really know what 's wrong with having a game that is not fun but still won . 
  i do n't mind being carried sometimes . 
  also do n't worry , most times protecting the adc is the easiest and most reliable way to win so i usually just do that . 
  why would i hate a guy only for being adc ? 
  just do n't behave like you are entitled to be cared about more than the player who went top just because of champion you picked lol . 
  you are just a random person to me , as long as we can cooperate to win the game together we 're good . 
  this guy is not trolling so i do n't know what 's your point here . 
  i get that . 
  if this guy tells everyone in champselect what is he going to do then you can adjust . 
  or dodge . 
  honestly it 's the same for every offmeta champ , your team does n't expect it and does n't know how to play around it . 
  but it does n't mean you should n't pick something only because somebody will be confused because he wanted to play just another meta game . 
  this is the role i like the most ? 
  i do n't , as long as it is actually strategy that has some reasonable purpose . 
  sure , i would not leave adc at level 1 for no reason , but i wo n't follow them for entire game either only to make them feel better . 
  i do n't think many people know the difference between roaming and abandoning . 
  ho would you define it ? 
  to be clear , i do n't abandon my adc only because i feel like it on daily basis . 
  support is not `` this guy who stays with adc '' , it 's support . 
  there were things like jungle shen before so do n't pretend like they do n't exist . 
  earlier you went mage + adc mid and the support + adc botlane would be considered trolling . 
  only because something is not meta it does n't mean it 's not a legit way to play the game . 
  yeah if i saw the guy has done that already a couple hundreds times and has a  50 % winrate with it , then this is already better than half of my adcs so i would n't really mind . 
  if he told me he 's going to do stuff like this in champselect i would just pick leona or lulu or ad bard , or dodge if i did n't feel like playing it . 
  support = believing that adc is precious snowflake more important than winning the game ? 
  how is this trolling if you communicate to your team and try to win ? 
  trolling is doing your own stuff while not trying to win . 
  how do you know that exactly ? 
  also why would a singed gank lanes when he can proxy instead ? 
  you wo n't go a step away from lane if you have 0 mana and three chimes around river/jungle ? 
  i would go , without mana i 'm a big minion , and chimes give me a bit of sustain that is worth these 30 seconds of 2v1 . 
  damage shielded please . 
  low elo 2v1 lane will 100 % push all the time and wo n't dive before 6 . 
  which the adc will hit way earlier because of solo exp . 
  you will definitely be able to farm under turret . 
  yeah it 's not an easy lane or a lane you would be used to but it 's not impossible to manage especially if you know that you need to pick some self-peel or heavy poke adc , like vayne or cait ( to be relatively safe from all-ins ) . 
  i take a lot of farm as morgana , leona or lulu all the time . 
  am i not a support too ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  yeah because all games with proxy singed are supposed to last 60 minutes . 
  thanks for this . 
  being engaged on and forcing objectives does n't exist . 
  it 's your team 's fault they ca n't stall 4v5 for 10 minutes so you can farm up without any trouble . 
  exactly this . 
  as support , after a turret falls , i see no reason to help my adc to just stand there and lasthit . 
  if you do n't want to group for dragon and mid then it 's your decision to give up any pressure you are able to make in midgame and become an easy target . 
  do n't blame your team that somehow they are not able to keep up 4v5 while also preventing everyone from killing you . 
  as a support main i noticed i became really trained with easily seeing and predicting enemy movement . 
  it 's definitely doable with low ward coverage especially at low elo , when kata goes missing it 's 100 % sure that she is just running down the river without taking any tricky paths . 
  it 's a matter of literally looking sometimes at minimap and not ignoring it completely . 
  yup , adc should n't be about `` i need godly peel and teamwork to do my deal of damage '' . 
  doublelift would n't need godly peel to not die in bronze even once smh . 
  most adcs that complain about bad teamwork are terrible at decision making and map awareness , they go to sidelane alone and when an assasin suddenly kills them they go `` where are wards '' . 
  dude if you go alone near a dark jungle you get rekt , it 's not rocket science . 
  that 's the point , low elo is not smart ... 
  gold ayy, 
  object marking particle ? 
  i 'm glad i 'm not diamond .
