  ^ ^ ( ( also ) ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ a ^ ^ woman ^ ^ but ^ ^ nvm ), 
  wow . 
  i really like iwd 's stream , he seems like a cool guy . 
  it 's so sad to listen to this : (, 
  `` dude '' is completely fine , but it feels weird being referred to as `` him '' : p, 
  i 'm actually a web developer . 
  not suggesting anything but you know where to find me rito : , 
  i think of myself as a fine programmer , and one of my biggest flaws as a person is lack of creativity . 
  i ca n't just make involving story , pretty image or interesting art in general . 
  i love folding origami and crocheting but everything i do is repeating patterns that other people already figured out . 
  so yeah , it is possible to be a programmer and not be creative at all . 
  programming does n't involve creativity but problem solving . 
  programming problems have finite number of reasonable solutions . 
  creativity is when you have to find some satisfying solution in an infinite number of solutions . 
  [ singular they ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singular_they ) ? 
  i 'm not native english speaker and i can see there are mixed opinions on that , but it seems pretty widely used . 
  lol, 
  is this / r/notinterestingatall ? 
  spaghetti monster . 
  lol exactly , then they die and start spamming `` janna shield me '' , like wtf do you think i was trying to do ? 
  it was top on / r/reallifedoodles some time ago . 
  golden ~ ~ rule ~ ~ advice for beginners is : use 2 fonts , sans for headers and serif for paragraphs . 
  to differentiate parts of design use things like font-size , font-weight , letter-spacing , uppercase , colors and shades . 
  you almost never need more than 1 or 2 font families for a website . 
  reasons you described - sorry but are a bit silly . 
  you will not want to change font family for every single number used . 
  if you use too much font families for a design , it will not be cohesive . 
  you can safely mess with other properties , but most of the time you should leave font-family alone . 
  i recommend all gymnopedies , they are awesome . 
  edit : also add gnosiennes . 
  of course , it 's a `` golden rule '' only for amateurs who have no idea what to do in their first design . 
  it does n't apply to everyone and every case . 
  i edited my comment , thanks . 
  yeah it 's not like everyone has a ton of google fonts already cached . 
  ass . 
  we 're gon na need a video . 
  ohhhhhh i see what you did here, 
  why would i use sightstone while silenced ? 
  i mean ... social interactions are hard . 
  but you wo n't always have an app to hide you from interacting with other people . 
  if you are not in the mood just tell her and ensure she understands what it means ( that you are not angry or something , you just need time alone ) . 
  if she 's not okay with that , let her not be okay , if she goes `` you can not be alone when you want to '' maybe consider changing girlfriend . 
  but if she is okay , that 's great for both of you . 
  you will save yourself a lot of trouble in the future . 
  i have an extremely depressed boyfriend , i went through therapy for depression as well , we are both introverted . 
  am i allowed to say that riot wo n't hide you from people in every situation in your life and it 's not a real solution ? 
  it 's okay to want some personal space . 
  if people do n't understand that , you do n't have to be polite to them , you can also fight them or ignore them . 
  hiding from people to `` be allowed '' to be yourself with your own needs only leads to trouble . 
  basically , if you are introverted , depressed , anxious , it 's better for you to have friends that can still understand and respect you , rather than people who will go `` you can not have personal space , i do n't allow you to be sad , if you want to you have to explain yourself to me all the time '' . 
  sure if you feel like you need this feature i 'm all for it to be implemented . 
  but it wo n't * really * help if you are actually mentally ill . 
  if you are actually not able to type to someone even a simple `` i 'm in a bad mood , gon na go solo '' , you will have bigger problems in your life than some annoyed lol friends . 
  asperger 's does n't actually cause you to be unable to communicate to humans . 
  socially incompetent people assume that rejection means aggression . 
  i mean , it 's not like there are plenty treatments and therapies available ? 
  i do n't care if this feature is implemented . 
  the feature is completely not a problem . 
  reasoning that `` it 's necessary for introverted people to not be distressed '' is a problem ( as in , the people who use this argument probably have a problem ) . 
  good for you then !, 
  good luck . 
  lol is extremely resource efficient . 
  it literally can be run on a potato , i was able to run it on integrated card on 7 years old laptop - low graphics , 30 fps but zero lags . 
  if you have a modern cpu you should be totally fine with integrated card . 
  you could spend like $ 300 on an used pc and still play league fine . 
  yeah i have no idea how is that possible to spend $ 2000 on a pc that is not capable of running league , it 's a fuckload of money for a gaming pc . 
  jesus ... now meme possibilities are endless . 
  4th was liquid . 
  lol this teamfight looks so weird and static comparing to current ones . 
  they just like run at each other 5v5 and then stand there and do damage o __ o, 
  rip my sweet yordle princess, 
  yeah i 'm just joking, 
  i was very confused , i could n't parse anything other than `` lore , beliore , do , and mostly lire '' : (, 
  jhin 's and kindred 's themes are incredible . 
  lol you are really going to make fun of cs teams ' names when we have brands named like `` team solomid '' or `` sk telecom t1 '' ? 
  they all are cringy af if you look at it . 
  so how do you think capitalism works ? 
  but you know that a fuckton of labor done nowadays is completely unnecessary and wasted ? 
  a lot of economists are discussing guaranteed income - `` free money '' - precisely because there 's not enough reasonable work to do for everyone . 
  almost everything can and will be automated at some point . 
  even within capitalism system which does n't aim to do that because of humanitarian reasons but because of cutting labor costs . 
  i stole a dragon with one level soraka q from max range . 
  my favourite one is the ryze flash , but this would be on the podium . 
  but soraka e does damage only to champions o __ o, 
  lol . 
  yours is way more impressive then : d, 
  nah man i just warded the dragon at like lvl 4 , saw enemy jungler soloing dragon , casted a blind q and was very lucky xd, 
  pure genius . 
  hey , he creates jobs !, 
  and what do you do huh ??? 
  have you tried starting a company on your own ?!?!?!, 
  both . 
  i 'll provide some examples in a few minutes . 
  done . 
  you could say `` it 's not surprising that kids are rude as fuck '' as well and you would be right . 
  what young boys like to do is not necessarily what lol community ( presumably open and friendly to everyone ) should aim to encourage . 
  you could say exactly the same about the existing rule that prohibits hate speech . 
  `` why do you get offended over racism lol , just get over it '' . 
  i do n't think my opinion is overly puritan . 
  i think these posts are wrong and harmful to real people , even if submitters and upvoters do n't realize that .
