  or out of ganks . 
  this skill is absurd . 
  zyra 's plants damage is not dodgeable , that 's the point ... 
  also we do n't discuss sona here , but anyway , sona has about two times less range which makes her more vulnerable . 
  and her burst/damage is n't so high that you can zone anyone for half of lane entire laning phase . 
  i do n't think so , times will change , what now is a great game will be simply outshined by new exciting technologies . 
  we will stay with old good lol like some funny dinosaurs not getting the newest vr trends . 
  wow , it 's pretty accurate : ), 
  i do n't get it as well , some pro supports buy them , for me it feels like such a waste i ca n't force myself to get them over my mobis or swifties . 
  because you ca n't nerf their mid and lategame but not nerf their early ? ... 
  yes, 
  you forgot about udyr visual update . 
  how would 1v1 need balancing . _ . 
  i always assumed 1v1 is for custom game cockfight , not for winning with randoms because you picked better champ . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  thanks to win7 i restored player file in / playerdata , but only after i restored also level.dat the player got items back ( this was the player who hosted lan world , so on his computer ) . 
  i 'm not sure which one of this files is responsible for multi and which one for single player data when you are the player hosting lan . 
  also the entire world was in state pre-revert , so it seems we lost some items we picked up from end city meanwhile . 
  oh well anyway , we lost only couple of hours and most of his inventory is back so i guess nothing really bad happened . 
  i do n't think they will , when they looked for support they said they do n't want anyone who does n't speak english . 
  seems that they learned their lesson with lustboy , communication is way too important nowadays , lcs is no more an advanced soloq like in seasons 1-3 . 
  how is there no reason ? 
  if they can and want to do this and do their job simultaneously and you do n't have anyone better , then here is your reason . 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea to just go and say `` you play support so you shotcall now and bjergsen is forbidden to say anything '' . 
  you should let players follow their instincts . 
  i do n't think bjergsen has any problems with shotcalling and microing at the same time . 
  i always use normal cast on bard q e and r. . . 
  it 's not a universal advice even if it works for you . 
  e and r are especially important because you be able to adjust e angle and check r range from across the map ... 
  but ghost does n't counter bug ? ... 
  i like the interpretation that person in the center is giving birth to the little square below her . 
  not on communicative enough level to be able to shotcall and cooperate during matches . 
  i thought you are food . 
  do n't your hands/wrists hurt ? 
  you have some special methods to keep them working fine ? 
  but ... 
  but i wanted a perfect pidgeot ... :'(, 
  i am a programmer , computer at workplace , computer at home , my right hand hurts nonstop . 
  would love to know how this guy manages to play so much using computer mouse very intensively for whole days . 
  coming back to this comment just to link this shit . 
  / u/morgana81 the mvp < 3, 
  self-cast . 
  if you want 4 wards early just build sighstone + gold income item , all three upgraded items are fine to rush after boots . 
  other than that ruby sighstone gives item actives cd ( useless when you do n't have other items ) and a bit of gold that 's not worth the money . 
  so you can rush upgrade but not into rs . 
  i wish i could afford dj sona . 
  i need a photoshop of this . 
  yeah i hate to play vs a good draven or miss fortune !, 
  they do whatever they want , literally no counterplay !, 
  kalista is safe game for her and her support and her jungler . 
  too much for an adc . 
  no other adc 's kit is near her level of safety . 
  i do n't want her to stay dead , but i agree that her kit is busted . 
  either crazy fast hopping around , infinite e stacks or ult have to go . 
  otherwise she 'll be always broken and impossible to outplay , especially on high level . 
  pro games would be again kalista    every other adc . 
  this nerf was attempt to give her a clear weakness , but it was too much . 
  she just wo n't work until her kit changes . 
  at level 10 you do n't have runes and masteries to survive jungle if you are not warwick . 
  lee sin is a support champ : /, 
  would n't fuck yours, 
  dyrus wins sry, 
  i hate it when people assume what would be easy to implement for a mobile real-time gps-based game with millions of users over the world . 
  i 'm sure you have a lot of experience implementing them !, 
  no its not, 
  it 's like anybody from your company can force push to master with only touching some buttons on a device . 
  makes no sense and should n't work . 
  at this point some ai could successfully `` watch '' all the cameras , interpret videos , make documentation , trigger alarms etc. 
  i mean ... dude i 'm sorry, 
  [ mandatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbxyb7niec0 ), 
  they 're not doing a fantastic job if it 's cliche and boring . 
  for the most part no , but some parts make me cringe very hard and distract me a lot with their stupidness , so i 'm not going to say it 's a great screenplay . 
  it 's decent , with some high points and some ugly flaws . 
  so they let flesh robots to engage in violent activities with regular people but ca n't allow a computer process some videos . 
  yeah sure . 
  bonsoir , elliot . 
  i just started using it , it 's very hard and lacks up-to-date guides , but other than that i 'm loving it . 
  ca n't you do that with docker ? 
  it seems like a bad practice what you 're trying to do . 
  ftp ?? 
  nothing is more appealing for some companies to be completely dependent on facebook i guess . 
  que, 
  this is the stupidest change . 
  and * of course * na can still have it , not like us eune peasants !, 
  enabling new/op champion no matter if somebody wants to ban it = assuring that one person has fun and the other 9 do n't . 
  oh so open source = i can just copy it and use forever with no restrictions ? 
  of course na can have it , but no dirty eune peasants . 
  there 's not so much of us here to even complain loudly , well played !, 
  this is the worst change like ever . 
  i played hundreds of normals with all kinds of premades of various ranks . 
  never had issues with queue times . 
  never gave a fuck about matchmaking . 
  never , ever wanted to play blind instead . 
  i never cried about teambuilder because queue times were really outrageous and role select really improved situation . 
  but this is bullshit . 
  you do n't understand that blind or flex ranked is not the same experience ? 
  this is exactly why people choose different things right ? 
  where exactly do i go when `` i want to play a game with someone of much higher/lower rank but do n't want to be stressed out with things like op champs , unknown matchups and no role select '' ? 
  or `` i want to practice something in ranked-like environment without losing any mmr '' ? 
  maybe just remove all normal queues , i 'm sure some of the normals player population would switch to ranked ...
