  there are people who will appreciate you for who you are , for your honesty and politeness . 
  stop trying to blame and fix yourself , you do n't need to change , you need to grow . 
  * ask straightforward questions . 
  `` hey are you just busy or would prefer to stop messaging you ? 
  i do n't want you to be polite , just straightforward , it will really help me , thanks in advance : ) '' . 
  then go with whatever answer they give you and they can only blame themselves in the end . 
  yeah you will not always get honest answers , and some people might get weirded out and . 
  but really . 
  screw them . 
  you need explicit information . 
  if they do n't want to provide that , you probably would n't feel comfortable with them either way . 
  you are not being rude . 
  you are politely trying to communicate . 
  * do n't be afraid of asking questions in general . 
  it 's not weird to try to keep in touch with someone . 
  you are not being `` pest '' if you simply try to talk to someone you like . 
  until you 're literally told that you are too pushy , do n't assume you 're doing something wrong . 
  they might be busy or rude towards you without you doing anything wrong . 
  do n't overthink . 
  if you get too hurt , you can always withdraw . 
  but for most people , the contact attempts that you describe should be completely not a problem . 
  * get some comfort by having a friend/therapist who knows you to judge the situations that you 're unsure what to think about . 
  in the worst case go to aspies ' subreddits , not r/relationships . 
  this sub has no clue about your issues . 
  my point is there is nothing wrong with either , as long as you feel good and stable in the end . 
  for fun ? 
  this long forgotten concept that there should be some pleasure in what we call entertainment ? ... 
  your build is incredible , i want to explore it ingame so much !, 
  is it possible to download it somewhere ? 
  it 's awesome . 
  well done . 
  hey dude , i read your response before it was removed , i totally understand too and hope you 'll feel good about what you built , whatever you decide to do with it : ) . 
  i really hope you wo n't get too bothered about the entitled children from here . 
  your world is yours . 
  by the way , do you use any kind of tools or additional programs to build ? 
  i tried to look into them but the topic looks so complex i do n't know what to choose . 
  i 'd love to follow the instructions for this origami . 
  if it was origami . 
  arya is sansa 's sword . 
  twenty good people are theon 's dick . 
  so you 're saying the only thing i need is determination ? 
  lol i will need to find some then . 
  thanks for the response . 
  relevant flair ? 
  my thoughts exa ... hey how dare you put an / s in there !, 
  does anyone know what 's even the difference ? 
  second this . 
  with ts my life as a frontend dev became so much better . 
  looks like some weird memory leak . 
  i 'm on angular 2 with webpack , without angular cli , never ever had a single problem with building it . 
  it seems you 've never tried to build a large and interactive ror/jquery app , have you ? 
  those things are n't pretty . 
  by definition , client side state is client side , so unless you want to save it on backend , it will not be reproduced on client after page reload . 
  it 's like , why would you even expect that ? 
  why do you care so much about not using js ? 
  is this some sort of a cult or something ? 
  js is a normal and secure solution to programming problems that browsers need to handle , what is even the point of avoiding it ? 
  it makes no sense , if you are only displaying and entering data , you surely can work with multiple tabs . 
  heck , frameworks like ember even put special amount of effort into maintaining state between tabs . 
  yeah , 2mb of css is definitely the fault of evil spas and js in general . 
  how are webdevs even supposed to fix that for you exactly ? 
   the real problem is n't this absolutely amazing power , the real problem is the developers . 
  in the olden days the bar to become a developer was quite high . 
  very high . 
  it was complicated , the internet was n't as developed so manuals and instructions / online help were poor . 
  most of your time was invested in frustration as you try to figure stuff out on your on requiring hours of your time . 
  the result , only well capable programmers came out . 
  few but skilled . 
  so you 're saying that back in your days developers had no resources to learn from but somehow were more skilled that current developers after years of studies and with an access to thousands of internet courses ? 
  same , using ember and angular , it seems there is a lot of non frontend devs here . 
  i have no idea which spa frameworks exactly even let you make those mistakes nowadays . 
  yes , ror is server side = uses no js to handle data flow . 
  yay !, 
  and we can use some little amount of jquery to animate buttons and all that * completely unnecessary * stuff . 
  yay !, 
  wait , what ? 
  you want to load up some more data with jquery now ? 
  wait , what ? 
  when you click this then that should happen on server somehow and then this animate and this appear ? 
  you want autocomplete here ? 
  you want to use external api to display a list of stuff ? 
  you want to display this if that , or that , or that happens , but also if this is saved on backend ? 
  this kind of `` solution '' quickly becomes so crazy and inconvenient , and it all could have been super easy if there was clear separation of frontend and backend , where one displays stuff and sends requests , and the other responds to requests and has * zero * interest as to how things actually `` physically '' look like . 
  so you think there are people who are incompetent enough to not use a framework for an spa but still competent enough to actually implement an spa without a framework ? 
  you do realize that currently many major desktop applications are written in * gasp * javascript and html , right ? 
  i thought that this is exactly their purpose . 
  of course they can do it worse or better , but at least they 're trying . 
  i hate m$ , i thought i 'm sublime fangirl , but seriously , vs code feels sooooo good . 
  hahahahahahahah seriously, 
  yeah like for example [ client for this unimportant game ] ( https://engineering.riotgames.com/news/architecture-league-client-update ) that has 100 million monthly playerbase, 
  or vs code and atom, 
  or this [ stupid teamwork app ] ( https://slack.com/ ), 
  or [ this niche chat app for gamers ] ( https://discordapp.com/ ), 
  or like hundreds of other enterprise level applications worldwide, 
  lol stay in your bubble buddy, 
  judging from electron 's recent populariy , you have to be very picky then . 
  any other reason to not use them other than their impureness ? 
   things like links that do n't link , breaking the back button and slow loading are all things that a developer has to deliberately implement and ensure they behave properly in the context of their application . 
  well , this is just not true . 
  both angular and ember provide proper routing and history out of the box .
