  be strong . 
  if anything it makes it way more disturbing . 
  animals definitely have personalities too . 
  a shame , now i have to downvote you . 
  i had it go the same way , except in step 3 i convinced myself that it 's tornado in the background . 
  imagine hand signs , probably ? 
  is this enough for / r/badwomensanatomy ? 
  you have to be very careful . 
  other than that it 's just shaving . 
  so there are people that care enough about their buttholes ' look to pluck hair from there ? 
  lol . 
  also , ouch . 
  screw them . 
  nobody who goes full psychological warfare on me is worth `` supporting '' . 
  there are non-intrusive ads , there 's patreon , merchandise , and a lot of other nonshitty ways to make money from your site . 
  if you do n't treat me with respect , i ai n't gon na respect you too . 
  what is your purpose ? 
  what is your purpose ? 
  this is not at all why the fart jokes are there . 
  this is not at all why the fart jokes are there . 
  this is not at all why the fart jokes are there . 
  yup , add me to beth club . 
  real bodies are disgusting and real sex is gross . 
  good thing that we have porn . 
  how do you know how it works though ? 
  are there some studies or something ? 
  i want those stats goddammit . 
  i just want to know the source : (, 
  but google says it does n't get worn out : / i 'm confused https://www.google.com/search?q=how+women+vagina+gets+worn+out, 
  so you say that because of my actions the sites with intrusive ads might eventually die out ? 
  but you realize just how stupid it sounds , right ? 
  it 's great , i 'm definitely using this . 
  hmm . 
  thanks . 
  might be helpful . 
  still feels messy to me though : (, 
   have you looked at traveller 's notebooks ? 
  no , but thanks , it looks like interesting stuff . 
  this one is incredible . 
  weird , all offers i got the first time were for champs i play often . 
  i was actually planning to buy 3 of them . 
  well maybe the second yield will be even better , if i get to keep the first offer that 's a win-win for me i guess . 
  dude , now they can play bardo bardo . 
  i would n't complain . 
  yes i read about that already : ) . 
  yeah , they probably wo n't refund it . 
  she feels like thresh , very powerful but very hard to pull off , so in the end it gets balanced out . 
  yeah except he 's a support so his safety in the end is pretty useless , comparing to champs who actually do dps . 
  taliyah is super unsafe , her range is laughable and her mobility is nonexistent . 
  have you even played her ? 
  can somebody link this game when bjerg got 5-banned ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  wow now it makes perfect sense why i eventually got bored of it . 
  all of those sound so cool wtf . 
  i want them all . 
  i found the second game you 're talking about , 4 midlane bans but close enough : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jan38qtlx1i, 
  dude i wish i could tell you why . 
  some people are just fucked up . 
  this kind of fear is perfectly treatable with short therapy . 
  i just want you to know that you should never behave like this was silly or easy for her . 
  i have a phobia , it 's incredibly hard to deal with this stuff . 
  you physically panic even though you know there 's nothing to be actually afraid of , it 's stupid and embarassing by itself . 
  this is not some joking matter , this is tragic and serious . 
  if she 's open to counseling then it can surely help . 
  just do n't make this worse for her than it already is . 
  phobia is not related to something being a danger or not a danger , but about it being a trigger . 
  you can literally be deadly afraid of chairs or holes or dust or dolphins because phobias are everything but reasonable . 
  i do n't think it matters at all whether it 's a puppy or an adult dog . 
  ok then what 's the issue with getting it for like few hours for photos and then taking it out ? 
  i do n't see the harm , if done properly this should just heal , right ? 
  because it is . 
  this one is just done improperly . 
  did you maybe notice the part where i was talking about taking them out before healing ? 
  but you know that it 's generally easier to have high winrate with low amount of games , right ? 
  ( because a certain amount of initial games will be instawin for a pro . ), 
  this is incredible . 
  almost every element is communicated way better and clearer in the current design than in yours . 
  your design is more pretty , that 's it . 
  sorry but i do n't like it at all . 
  and i implement interfaces for a living so i 've seen some design attempts of very different quality . 
  seriously . 
  i got the honorable opponent icon and love it so much i replaced the base tree icon i used for 3 years . 
  let him know that hiding pain concerns you more than him being in pain and the guilt connected to that . 
  and that he is safe with you , despite the terrible accident . 
  something like : `` hey boyfriend , we know that it was an accident , i feel bad that i hurt you , but that 's hopefully in the past . 
  now we should focus on making you comfortable because you still are in pain . 
  there 's no need to deny it and hide it , i fucked up your feet pretty badly . 
  it 's okay and we will deal with it . 
  i hope you recover fast . 
  if there 's something i could do to help you , let me know . '', 
  just do n't talk about you feeling bad , talk about him feeling bad and you wanting to help . 
  if you get the chance to support him , it 'll make you better too . 
  why . 
   like please , tell me how much more difficult the game is when you have a decent health pool and actual escape mechanisms !, 
  sona at least has her e. talk about warding as soraka . 
   easiest way to make sona lose lane is to make her use her heal, 
  it 's so funny to lane vs sonas that spam heals and making them back at lvl 4 . 
  and they just stand there and look ? 
  no , everyone has some self peel besides soraka . 
  other than her e which is laughable defense she is fully team-reliant and actually her team is supposed to peel her .
