  it was the sound ... of tilting . 
  tagged, 
  it 's probably a memory leak which has absolutely nothing to do with your system config , registry or whatever and you ca n't really fix it . 
  i also doubt if rito goes and just patches it up in near future so sorry man but you 'll probably have to suck it up . 
  actually this axe thing does n't really fit anywhere . 
  why jhin and axe ? 
  why even kindred ( or death before split ) and axe ? 
  makes no sense : (, 
  bro do you even google : ) https://www.wikiwand.com/en/fourth_wall, 
  the client generally is absolute shit so i 'm not very surprised it has memory leak in newer systems . 
  what the hell , it 's not like they are just sad and lonely and try to be friends , this is oppressive . 
  you have every right to say that you do n't want such behavior around you and demand them to stop . 
  although probably the most easy way would be not telling them to change and be nice or something , but just to stop hanging around you anymore . 
  you ca n't feel bad about a person because you do n't want them to be a jerk to you , that 's silly . 
  what they are doing should be socially unacceptable , not telling them to fuck off . 
  i know something is not right there : p. thanks : ), 
  there is this image : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/a7nvnquccaekfzp.jpg, 
  basically if you feel really bad and guilty about not doing things you should , and this very guilt stops you from even trying , this is a serious problem and you might need help . 
  if you only go idle sometimes and you feel like you have no control over it , well man , i 'm with ya . 
  i 'm at work right now and should be working but i have a really short attention span . 
  no idea how to deal with this honestly , i guess this is what the internet has made of us . 
  well i 've been in this for some time and eventually got diagnosed with depression i am now treating . 
  if this seriously dominates your life and you ca n't really accomplish anything or just feel super unhappy all the time , please make sure to consult a psychiatrist or psychologist . 
  contact a specialist . 
  it 's not really something that friends or some happy events can magically cure . 
  no problem : ) . 
  you are not alone i assure you . 
  well , in high elo/pro play definitely not , but it feels this way in average elo soloq . 
  seriously , 2s queues for supports did n't come from nothing . 
  you can also get targeted by turrets that are near tunnel - turrets will target everything that is inside their range circle , even in the wall . 
  wow that 's a lot of flexibility, 
  oh no , hp and cdr on short range mage , gee , what useless stats ? ... 
  am i not understanding something ? 
  edit : lol guys ok i get that those are not super awesome stats for her but not nearly as useless as some hpregen or ad or something . 
  just secondary stats for a mage . 
  annies sometimes buy items from giant belt at the end of buildpath so why would n't they like a kindlegem if it gives also cdr instead of raw hp , is cheaper and builds into ap item with awesome active . 
  it 's not like everything that is n't ap or mpen on mages is absolutely useless . 
  chimes are important . 
  wow such strong disengage . 
  slow and silence you can walk out of or not walk into . 
  now i 'm totally not afraid of this volibear , nasus and trundle . 
  we did it reddit ? ... 
  i shit my pants when i see volibear , yi or udyr as soraka . 
  basically any champ who can just run you down and does n't give a shit about your pathetic slow and silence peel . 
  dude . 
  nami heal is huge . 
  ignite ? 
  more like gw on every aa , hello ... 
  at this rate soon we 'll have no champions . 
  oh ok , it seems soraka has godly peel everyone is just too bad to get right . 
  it 's totally not like her silence is on super long cd and her slow is completely insignificant in a longer chase or dive . 
  dude i get you are soraka main and maybe got really good with her so you can save yourself from some situations , but face this , in comparison to every other support her peel sucks balls . 
  silence will only help in a few cases but other than that if they engage on soraka 's team or on herself she really has not much to do , unlike janna or nami or braum or morgana or annie or leona or whatever , who either have hard cc or are a damage threat . 
  yay , being born in rich well-educated not-third-world family , seems like a lot to be proud of , yay . 
  did u guys notice how a lot of abilities mentioned in op can go both ways ? 
  `` omg bard u killed me go uninstall '', 
  `` omg bard nice save ty < 3 '', 
  `` wtf tahm why eat me ?!?!?!?! '', 
  `` wtf tahm why no eat me ?!?!?!?! '', 
  i heard way too many of those . 
  same goes for kindred or kalista . 
  it 's really tiring to listen to this , at some point you just go `` bitch go eat yourself '' . 
  i 'm not sure if this is this legendary teamwork riot wants from us when eventually everyone gets pissed off about something you did or did n't do . 
  yep i love being flamed for bard r , tahm w , kindred r , kalista r , kayle r , zilean r and so on , that i either did not cast , casted on a wrong person , casted at a bad time , or casted in a bad place . 
  more hard to play , both-way-going abilities please , we definitely need those in soloq , it 's so much fun . 
  i only use data-attributes for js . 
  there 's literally no reason to use classes instead and i 'd consider it bad practice . 
  other than separating css from js with data-attributes you can also pass some data to js if you want to . 
  on a downside , anyone who 's actually competent and already learned . sass wo n't want to work with your code . 
  whatever makes you happy . 
  it 's just , possessing things it 's nothing to be proud of per se . 
  what for you is hard work to be proud of for another guy can be just insignificant thing he deserves from his parents or something . 
  and sadly in most cases however hard you work your entire life you will never be able to afford the stuff you dream of . 
  still , please follow your dreams or something . 
  yeah basically . 
  haha what the hell : d. i found this game , i was n't around back then , ca n't believe tsm went full troll at worlds with not only dyrus supp and xpecial top , but wt mid and regi adc teemo as well . 
  here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0xlulhnhue, 
  bard : maybe something about super powerful early double stun and not coming after him inside tunnel . 
  yeah i also completely do n't get it . 
  his q and e should have been switched . 
  lol his q is super bad already . 
  what 's the point in nerfing the skill which is nearly useless from release anyway . 
  oh man okay then . 
  did n't know that . 
  if it was a new champ then it would be probably switched , feels awkward now . 
  thanks for clarification . 
  yep this bothers me as well , something in this conversation does n't really check out . 
  i do n't know what i expected . 
  it 's funny for me even though i played magic like three times and i do n't remember almost anything about it ( but i know basic rules ) . 
  i feel you , i am a `` rule lawyer '' usually when i play board games , i just like knowing exact correct rules . 
  i got to know one game ( neuroghima hex ) super well and i was a judge on a few competitions , it 's incredible what people can think of to justify some weird interactions . 
  i 'm with you here bro < 3, 
  it is bad . 
  not only it reccomends some bad games , it also is plain wrong with a lot of questions . 
  it can be used `` for fun '' but if you actually follow it and buy a game you got from the chart you are gon na be disappointed . 
  i play board games for years and i am 100 % sure recommendations from any board game enthusiast would be thousand times better than from this chart . 
  it 's just plain wrong in most cases . 
  to be honest we do n't actually know what was the social situation there . 
  maybe people he met ( from the party ) told him it would be nice if he hanged out with them . 
  maybe there was actual reason he felt like it would be a good idea to try to become friends , and genuinely tried to do some nice thing , and it turned out he misunderstood something .
