  how about playing with the pc turned off , so hardcore . 
  lol . 
  or maybe english is not their first language and it 's easiest to use some specific words to translate thoughts from their language , but what do i know . 
  agreed , it looks just awful . 
  lustboy wrote some tweets about oldboy like a week ago , seems it got to riot : ) . 
  i 'm really happy about that only because it 's a fucking awesome movie . 
  same, 
  because i do n't need mana hp wards and resources to keep her lane shoved , obviously, 
  it 's so much fun getting flamed and reported for picking a champion ... 
  i think his `` making people look dumb '' is part of the joke . 
  exhaust is good also for bursty mages , carry junglers , assasin-y champs like yasuo , diving tanks ... 
  it has so many uses really , when ignite is only for cutting heals and early kills in lane . 
  i do n't see a reason for support to prioritise ignite over exhaust in this meta . 
  ( what will hurt a sejuani more - ignite or exhaust ? 
  plz . ), 
  i do n't know why so many soraka players forget about this : (, 
   an essential game asset, 
  kogmaw is kill, 
  the wall utility probably . 
  so in soloq i would say not worth . 
  sadly . 
  can confirm ... 
  after coins buff that 's not a good advice . 
  coin gives you now crazy hp sustain and is absolutely broken on soraka , basically giving infinite hp to you and your adc , if you can manage your mana and land a q sometimes you will have 100 % hp all the time . 
  it 's now never worth going spellthief on soraka . 
  for janna it depends if you want a passive lane ( vayne , jinx ) where you will bring mainly tornado to defend from ganks and shield for short trades or aggressive lane ( draven , graves ) where you will want to go for early trades and/or kills and every ap in shield counts . 
  coin itself has also important advantage over spellthief - it 's actually worth upgrading when in lane and talisman has build path better for laning ( easy to find 180 gold on charm and 240 for idol ) . 
  i feel that even if you proc spellthief often , coin ( especially upgraded early ) still gives more gold in lane . 
  about masteries i 'm not sure - probably it 's best to wait for the defensive mastery tree update to think about new support masteries . 
  can you upload a screenshot of your 22 utility points ? 
  first of all i recommend going to / r/bardmains . 
  bard is a hard support and i do n't recommend him if you do n't know well support role . 
  it 's hard to utilize his crazy mobility when you do n't know where you actually should be in the first place . 
  my random bard tips :, 
  * unless you really need it 's active , do n't build mikael 's , get any mana item instead ( frozen heart is awesome ) and just do n't spam heal . 
  bard has a good mana sustain with chimes . 
  * your heal is shit , in lane it gives * some * hp , but later can be used almost only for speedup when chasing/running or miraculous saves sometimes . 
  * do n't collect early chimes near your lane , wait until you spend some mana on heals and collect them then for mana . 
  * initiate with ult and use it to catch enemies out of position , but be careful to not use it when someone from your team tries to land aoe ult . 
  * ward enemy jungle when you get sighstone and your adc backs or is doing fine . 
  * collect chimes when your adc goes b and you do n't need to buy anything at the time . 
  * learn to land good q stuns . 
  * try to abuse lvl 1 q , it can get you even a kill on lvl 1 if you and your adc go full ham and enemy does n't react properly . 
  if you are good at it you can even take ignite for first blood . 
  * after sighstone and boots go utility tank : for example frozen heart , locket , randuins , righteous glory , talisman/fqc ( both are good ) . 
  when ahead iceborn and some ap maybe . 
  frost queen is great on bard for easy stuns . 
  talisman is a great item , but not so essential on this champ . 
  i do n't know who downvotes you , it 's super true , with frozen heart/righteous glory a bard will always have enough mana . 
  definitely no need for mikaels . 
  and if you jump in soraka is miles away and ca n't heal or silence enemy . 
  i do max w. do you recommend going q  w  e  q  w  r  q  w ? 
  so until lvl 8 i sit on 2-point w , when in early fights and ganks it 's still the most important spell and you need it to be on cd shorter than 4s ? 
  soraka wo n't push anyone out of lane with her harass nor will kill anyone with her dmg , she barely can fight minions :d . i 'm not sure what 's the point of weakening your early heal when your q still will be laughable . 
  whatever you prefer . 
  talisman is probably better item overall , i 'm just saying that fqc works better specifically on bard compared to other supports . 
  personally i prefer fqc active from talisman active on bard regardless of stats . 
  i do n't get taking inspiration over meditation ? 
  is n't this mastery supposed only to help leonas and annies to get fast lvl 2-3 engage ? 
  no fleet of foot ? 
  strength of spirit on janna who builds only mregen anyway ? 
  maybe i 'm bad or something , but i can hit with the middle of q consistently only dravens who stand in their circles ... 
  i never get glory as well , i feel that if i do n't get it asap then catalyst passive is quite wasted : (, 
  u w0t m8 :d, 
  her base hp regen is awful , thus any hp regen item will give her shitty regen . 
  if you do n't like warmogs you can try spirit visage vs magic dmg . 
  if you do n't build hp you can also buy pots all the game since they provide some hp . 
  other than that well ... you just need to land qs and manage your hp smartly ... 
  but usually you will sit on backline anyway and count on your tanks to keep you alive when you run around with 20 % hp after some heals . 
  `` attacks can kill '' sounds awesome . 
  no idea why would you do that . 
  i think he 's pretty bad compared to other lcs supports , seems like he was n't doing anything in his games . 
  this is gold . 
  after vu and with new voiceover she 's no more fun : (, 
  i would say it 's a fed rengar jumping from bushes . 
  there 's literally no way to deal with this guy . 
  i still think that my greatest achievement is stealing a dragon with 1-point soraka 's q. 
  nobody appreciated it either :(, 
  banner is ap-ish and a fair choice for a support . 
  how . 
  lol . 
  how desperate people are . 
  this should be a thing . 
  blitzcrank is free this week ? 
  omg seems i 'm having a lol-free week . 
  when i thought that my bard emotes ca n't get any better . 
  man i 'd fuck him anytime, 
  zzrot without any armor/mr ? 
  meh man ure doing something wrong, 
  there was a thread about that literally 2-3 days ago . 
  the real problem here is not her kit , but going oom if you spam too much q or e - and early on they do n't do too much dmg ( unless you are not maxing heal i guess ) . 
  sona is the queen of poke and actually mid-late game has a pretty nice burst with some ap ( sheen especially ) . 
  her ult is awesome and gamechanging . 
  but she is extremely weak vs hooks and should n't ever be picked into specific matchups . 
  that would be funny if it were n't sad . 
  ohhh i wish anivia became meta again . 
  ca n't wait for changes coming to live . 
  so what ? 
  but you know that ad and ap are designed different in this game ? ... 
  hahahaha ok i 'm buying this,
