  aegis was broken as well , censer has been super strong entire season , but nobody cared because these were boring invisible items . 
  plz no , leave us alone guys :'( redemption is not , i repeat is not broken and cheap as hell ... 
  what champions should be in middleground between tank and utility in your opinion ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  that is correct . 
  at least it 's viable choice , not something you would never want or could afford as 3rd-4th item . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't play that much tanks , what do you rush now that locket is worse ? 
  knight 's vow ? 
  well , i do that . 
  for all `` supports '' without sightstone , from my team and enemy . 
  but support role is not set in stone . 
  some time ago people went two tanks bot or double mid and nobody cared . 
  somebody had to discover tf jungle or blue smite ez or heck even mf support . 
  blitzcrank and leona were supposed to be toplaners . 
  etc etc. 
  your team always wants to play meta , but it does n't mean meta is the most effective way to win . 
  now to be clear , support should provide vision . 
  but if this guy can harass enemy jungle and deny vision effectively without sighstone , while not setting his adc too much behind , then why the fuck not ? 
  he has above 50 % winratio after many games so he has to win them somehow right ? 
  even if this is a bad strategy ( and i have no idea if it is really ) , being a bad player is not bannable . 
  communicating with your team does n't mean you have always agree to what they want from you if you honestly believe you have a better idea than them how to win the game with your champion and role . 
  because people elected and banksters are usually good pals . 
  somehow . 
  honestly the first levels are pure hell . 
  i am not sure how did i get through it . 
  my boyfriend is diamond , i remember how he tried to explain roles to me and i was like `` wtf dude roles ??? 
  items ??? 
  wtf is that shit ? 
  i only want to know how to play ryze '' xd, 
  about passive , as long as it 's on different items , it stacks ( adds up ) . 
  agreed . 
  i have no idea what mr item i would build on leona now . 
  there are armor/mr items but no pure mr that does n't have some useless passive ( sv , banshee ) . 
  that 's correct , it 's like with effective hp being mix of hp and resists . 
  fqc was incredibly slot-efficient though , had ap and made sense even in 1v1 lane . 
  same goes for for example blue smite ez . 
  midlaners pick up things that are good for midlane , not just generally good . 
  i do n't see how an item as team-oriented as redemption , without any important stats , could be picked up by any carry . 
  and i do n't see how a team-oriented support item should n't be picked up by junglers or toplaners who wish to use one slot for it . 
  ivern is support jungler thought , so i guess that 's a good thing . 
   but making your team mates upset almost every game , and causing them to rage , is bannable . 
  how is playing offmeta different than being a bad player who upsets teammates and causes them to rage ? 
  i refuse to acknowledge that this exists . 
  who said he did n't go insane already ? 
  i 'm with ya . 
  * ~ missingno went missing ~ *, 
  ahh right , i never noticed a thread about dota on / r/all , maybe i 'd visit then . 
  as a support i really wish i knew what adcs need me to do . 
  first 10-15 minutes i spend in lane . 
  by then one or both turrets are gone . 
  at this point does n't matter if i am ahead or behind , there 's no point for support to stay with adc . 
  either he has to freeze lane and farm under turret , or he has to freeze lane and farm under turret . 
  shall i just stand there and watch him lasthit when i now have boots and sightstone and i should ward jungle , roam and secure dragon ? 
  what do the adcs really want in midgame ? 
  they ca n't farm forever and wait till 40 , they should at least try to contribute to dragon or something , take mid turret , whatever . 
  do they really just want to sit in sidelane and do nothing ? 
  should i stay with them because otherwise they will start to feed ? 
  should i accept that they die and look for advantages to my mid and jungle instead ? 
  tbh it happens sometimes in soloq and can work . 
  i honestly do n't undestand feitishizing adc like they are super necessary all the time . 
  i believe there are comps that can work fine without adc on botlane , but are simply undiscovered or offmeta . 
  yeah i totally shit on 3-item vayne as morgana !, 
  what would you like to have in adc items then if not damage , damage and more damage ? 
  marksman is not adc . 
  graves , kindred , teemo or mf support are not adcs . 
  it 's because of indirect invisibility buff . 
  honestly i ca n't believe they overlooked the simple fact that without pink wards revealing her ~ ~ and with new ad assasin items ~ ~ vayne will be obnoxious . 
  this is what is fucking supposed to happen . 
  they do n't build a fuckton of armor only to stand on top of you and look funny . 
  if tanks did no damage you could just ignore them completely . 
  yeah it 's the other way , he has bad stats but a kit that makes up for that triple . 
  your hp does n't really matter if you have a shield up all the time and can dodge or windwall almost any source of trouble , that 's the point . 
  i 'm support and i wish adcs never existed and stopped whining for me to babysit because they are afraid to farm alone while my team goes 3v5 . 
  i do every day tho : p, 
  honestly the main issue with support items is that there 's simply not too much of them to make any choices . 
  there are tens of ap items , bazillion of ad items ( that all build from a hundred of longswords lol ) , but support items are really a shallow pool . 
  of course i wish there were more to choose from . 
  i think that rito had serious trouble to balance/define the class itemization previously and this is an attempt to * start * doing that . 
  so i consider it a step in right direction , but it should n't be the last step . 
  i do n't care if these items are nerfed , i just think the idea behind them feels right . 
  they do n't do damage on ranged autoattacks . 
  they do damage on skillshots with cooldowns . 
  but i guess it 's the same thing if you stand still long enough . 
  you 're right . 
  when i go in with weq i kind of expect a rain of spells falling on me . 
  it does n't really matter if i get shielded from the first one . 
  i mean , thresh has a tiny shield , but other than that he 's just a tank . 
  same goes for bard . 
  about morgana and karma i agree though . 
  surely it 's not useless because in the end it does something . 
  however that something is n't really a reasonable something for leona . 
  he does ? 
  o __ o, 
  this 100 times . 
  if i had a dick i would stick it in everything . 
  it has to be fun . 
  got ta love english language . 
  i put my hands below my keyboard all the time . 
  it 's so comfortable .
