  i spent like 2 years visiting / r/leagueoflegends daily and while there are many threads pointing out flaws , bugs and concerns you most definitely would n't find people going all over `` this game is shit and you should quit it '' . 
  there are some rants and community outrages sometimes but i think even people complaining about something there would still agree that despite some problems lol is still an excellent and super enjoyable game . 
  well i get your reasoning but it makes me sad . 
  unlike mikael 's that is just worse athene 's / morello when you do n't use the active , zeke 's is unique ap/armor combination aside from zhonya 's ( which most supports wo n't be able or willing to buy ) . 
  it 's build path is also really good . 
  only the passive could be changed a little in a way more suitable for soloq . 
  but oh well . 
  hope you 'll change your mind another time . 
  they generate item sets in form of json files that you can paste into certain folder ( or app does that for you ) and then they appear in-game . 
  shut up i 'll never leave my beloved sass : (, 
  you should n't spoil that in another sub without spoiler tag tho . 
  [ spoiler for mr robot season 1 & 2 ] ( #s `` it 's still better than `` everyone 's an elliot personality '' . 
  jesus how i hated these `` theories '' , i 'm so happy they 're gone now thanks to tyrell in last episode . '' ), 
  [ toxic relationship . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemongo/comments/58h1n7/some_of_you_guys_seem_to_have_a_toxic/ ), 
  spanking is extremely dangerous . 
  tribunal was down already when i joined league , and that was when braum was released , and that was 2.5 years ago . 
  how is that even possible . 
  you ca n't go sona top sometimes and still be challenger . 
  it should be forbidden . 
  lmao, 
  probably sona with this + spellthief will be nice but dunno . 
  passive gold is nice , still enemies pushed out of lane getting 0 gold are even nicer . 
  the only problem is if we win lane we get a botlane party anyway so no point to try that hard . 
  you 're saying that now it 's not more better ? 
  what happens if i play once a month , does that mean i 'll get to honor people i played with a month ago ? 
  how am i supposed to even remember them after this time ? 
  ( i 'm a programmer , used to look for edge cases . ), 
  no joke , i played him jungle a lot back when he was broken and i could 1v5 without breaking a sweat . 
  full hp build , unkillable and tons of mixed dmg on every aa , loved this shit . 
  i usually just build lame resist vs him . 
  what you 're saying is `` do n't worry guys they 're not that bad '' . 
  could you maybe explain why are they * good * or even * needed * ? 
  wake up treeple, 
  tfw i casually pick adc nami and my support mf trolls me and steals my cs, 
  want to know too . 
  lol the point of support is to babysit adc early in lane and from level 6-8 help all your teammates . 
  in midgame adc who is not ahead will just afk farm and you need to secure vision and dragon , and help your jungle and mid . 
  most of the time just sitting in lane with adc is pointless when you can go ward and help entire team . 
  if you time your roams well and map pressure enemy support enough your adc will never have to farm 1v2 . 
  sure . 
  i would never take tp even on thresh . 
  just wanted to point out that support is n't an adc babysitter by any means . 
  maybe the links do n't work only for you , for me they 're just fine . 
  he will do human elise e , he will ... um ... hmm ... nevermind, 
  well i had to wait about 5 seconds but eventually it rendered . 
  i believe you are talking about sona 's e. 
  back when kalista was a champion i used to yell `` no , stahp , do n't kill me '' every time she did that : (, 
  it seems sometimes it 's worth considering using this trick instead to not bother with ! important , ! importanter and ! importantest . 
  i observed that in material design lite css with button styles , all impacting each other in multiple different ways . 
  shame, 
  you already can , by right ordering . 
  this seems just weird and lazy to me tbh . 
  i did n't understand it the first time , but fell in love the second . 
  it 's a fucking great and original piece of music . 
  and the animation was awesome and blending in well with the music style . 
  reddit music critics can go suck ass . 
  seriously though , there 's this band skalpel , two guys making something like electronic jazz , really good stuff , i strongly recommend them . 
  i went to their concert and surely enough , they spent 2 hours standing next to some panels and moving some switches . 
  i have no idea what happened . 
  i do n't know how to feel . 
  they sound awesome . 
  you 're not the only one < 3, 
  do n't you see this guy is a music expert who knows everything about millienia of music evolution , all leading to the final structural masterpiece known as dubstep ? 
  well , for me most of the generically structured music feels boring . 
  this is at least original and fresh and i really like it as an attempt . 
  it 's a shame most people here prefer boring and well known to the point of hating anything different . 
  well if riot was n't happy with this ordered song they would n't publish it . 
  huge ass shield , incredible mobility , wind wall , builds half tank , yeah squishy af , just like riven, 
  dude , he was nice to you , this is just mean : /, 
  hey , balancing champs sounds like a great idea !, 
  make sure to contact some rioters directly , i 'm sure they have n't thought about it yet . 
  i miss her : (, 
  goodbye forever , blitzcrank . 
  ^ ( relevant flair ), 
  my issue with blitz is n't that i ca n't dodge his hooks , but that my teammates ca n't . 
  one grab can easily ruin entire lane , and later on win the game . 
  payoff for hitting one skillshot is just bullshit . 
  the counter to him mid and lategame is not only team established vision and grouping ( like for all pickers and assassins ) but also good dodging which just does n't happen at my elo . 
  and as sona you have almost 0 things to do when he does grab someone . 
  her peel is bad and aa-ranged ( empowered w mostly , ult , exhaust , locket ) - she will be too far away from person grabbed to do anything . 
  i love you . 
  if this is reference to / r/mrrobot stupid theories and anagrams i love you triple . 
  she shots him in the dick . 
  we should be able to trade right after picking . 
  lmao what elo do you play in if people there do n't even abuse pingu freelo ? 
  are you asian ? 
  the only pro player that likes plants . 
  it was ? 
  omg this . 
  you have no idea what is hard and easy to do on piano . 
  inb4 only skt ahri can be enough for faker to retire . 
  faker 50 years later : * oh come on rito i do n't want skt pingu , i 'm tired , just give me ahri and let me finally spend more time with my grandchildren ... *, 
  [ holy ] ( https://fat.gfycat.com/hardplainaphid.gif ), 
  you mean noninteractive dealing tons of damage from two screens away and blowing up whenever someone touches you is fun ? ... 
  zyra 's pattern is just anti-soraka pattern . 
  i do n't think it 's really this interesting . 
  yeah let 's buff him and not see any other support ever . 
  the whole point of thresh 's kit is to be broken or to be garbage , there 's no inbetween really . 
  she 's a jungler , so easy , just lower her armor base and gain and she 'll be shit .
