  i feel both sorry and angry about this kind of shit , i mean , what the hell , how hard is writing a book . 
  it 's only a stupid fucking book . 
  why ca n't you do this and make people happy . 
  if it 's no good , whatever , okay , just finish the fucking thing already . 
  it basically ruined her writer career - and i mean , she 's probably okay with this and realized she just does n't want to write . 
  but seriously , it 's so disappointing and unresponsible thing to do . 
  i guess i should consider myself lucky that for example harry potter series which i loved as a child actually has ended , the writer published the books and that 's it , no drama , just clean ending and moving on . 
  professional and proper . 
  i sometimes wish i never started watching/reading undended series , it just sucks so much when they are never given the ending . 
  he 's not given infinite time . 
  there 's serious possiblity that he will die before he `` finishes '' ( makes `` perfect '' thing which does n't exist but he tries to achieve it ) the series . 
  will you be good then as well ? 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  thanks for explanation . 
  fuck you . 
  seriously , this is beyond my understanding as a human being . 
  i 'm disappointed and pissed . 
  just ... fuck you . 
  it 's their subreddit , or relevancy 's subreddit ? 
  robots instead of people , disgusting shit . 
  `` kroniki drugiego kr\u0119gu '' ( `` chronicles of the second circle '' ) by ewa bia\u0142o\u0142\u0119cka published in poland . 
  when you procrastinate the thing will get harder and harder as you do n't do it . 
  solution for this hardiness is just to do the fucking thing . 
  nothing else . 
  it wo n't magically get better until you do it . 
  just this . 
  seriously if the guy is procrastinator he should have someone above him who is there not to give him deadlines and leave for a year but to stay with him and ensure that he writes at least something every day . 
  and do n't get me wrong , it 's not about me wanting the book to come out faster , it 's about overcoming procrastination which in fact is a bitch and can make you feel awful . 
  doing the thing is way better than feeling `` omg i should do it '' and not doing it , believe me . 
  in this preseason even challengers began to ff early . 
  game is so snowbally and actually meant to last 20-30 minutes . 
  if you are losing hard at 20 minute ( i mean losing , not tilting ) there 's almost no possiblity for comeback . 
  deal with it and move on . 
  and honestly dude , even if there is slight , like 20 % possiblity , ifthey want to ff please do n't keep your teammates hostage and move on . 
  possibility of a win is not worth the tilt and rage you all will experience . 
  i mean , regarding teamcomp maybe it would be better to have jungler with red/blue , laners with blues/yellow and support with red . 
  but in terms of yoloq where everything can happen is n't a support better prepared for everything that can happen with a blue than a red ? 
  i mean in a realistic , not ideal situation in some low elo like mine ; ), 
  the point is even when you sweep entire jungle chances are you will find nothing because wards last so short and there 's much less of them on the map . 
  why do you think would nobody do that ? 
  people do . 
  susanna clarke took 10 years to write jonathan strange & mr norrell . 
  it 's not that uncommon for writers to take a long long long time to polish their masterpiece before letting the world know that the piece exists . 
  well i do n't expect anyone to do anything . 
  to be realistic with your obligations , maybe . 
  obligations to your fans , to your publishers and other people who count on your piece getting done . 
  it 's about responsibility . 
  if the project is too big for him maybe he should n't have promised to bunch of people that he will finish it to begin with . 
  `` 2 man twisted fate ultimate '' ? 
  you mean `` ult with some useless active and godly passive '' ? 
  do n't overestimate bro . 
  he is almost permabanned across all elos . 
  very hard to pick him every time you want to . 
  naut does n't have this problem . 
  rude . 
  oh but they are . 
  in the first place about range ( `` teleport '' ? 
  lel no ) . 
  then about time of casting ( `` tf ult '' ? 
  lel no ) . 
  then assuming that this ult will be actually used by people in soloq . 
  just like tahms w by the way : `` hey let me eat you , we will run faster !, 
  oh but you apparently have to spam click out and give them a double kill ... that 's okay ... '' . 
  i ca n't count how many times i tried to explain those skills to people , now i play tahm top/jungle and do n't give a shit about my teammates not wanting/not knowing how to cooperate . 
  but i guess if i were in diamond i totally would always get teammates who would understand how to utilize tahm skills right ??? 
  wrong . 
  source : diamond players . 
  support main looking to improve jungle and learn orianna recently . 
  i do n't really believe anyone answers but ok . 
  and giving her two turrets and free farm is somehow not getting her ahead , totally not like staying in lane and dying more ? 
  oh my god this sounds so sad . 
  properly done juggermaw can burst a fed nautilus . 
  source : we done that . 
  is n't that need to have team built around him part of kog 's identity ? 
  should n't he be balanced around his teamcomp possibilities and not only raw solo power ? 
  i 'm asking seriously , i 'm not sure about that . 
  if your support does n't pick lulu for kog he does n't know his job . 
  lel it 's just not true , lulu ardent censer and kog guinsoo are perfectly obtainable early and with those you start just demolishing people . 
  yeah , the astounding wisdom of some random guy from reddit . 
  `` this land, 
  is mine ,, 
  god gave this land, 
  to me '' ... 
  well ... that 's true as well . 
  he was dead for soloq before reworks as well ... maybe not as dead but still pretty dead . 
  yes : (, 
  like , when you expect this to happen ? 
  it looks so awesome !, 
  and the music is incredible !, 
  hype !, 
  you have a poor imagination then . 
  the game does n't contain a million of sub-par items for a reason . 
  i find it kind of funny and i find it kind of sad . 
  i guess you are this guy who goes windspeakers and maxes w on bard ? 
  this . 
  it 's not about `` ruining day '' but dying over and over without any chance to react . 
  i do n't see how is this not an extremely toxic pattern . 
  not true . 
  wow what an amazing advice, 
  if you are so experienced and so in love with him you will manage through the nerfs .
