  maybe he just realized he 's not able to be good at this job . 
  but tl is to blame for forcing a wrong guy to be the coach , not loco . 
  it has a reason . 
  football never changes rules . 
  lol changes rules every 2 weeks . 
  it makes it impossible for coaches to keep up with changes for all 5 roles at the same level as their players . 
  so effectively coaches have to listen to their players all the time because simply players always have better game knowledge/intuition . 
  you can theorycraft etc. 
  but when it comes to results , it 's your players who have to test your ideas and tell you how they worked . 
  there 's no historical data and no set-in-stone general rules you could use as a coach to figure out what can be beneficial for your team , unlike traditional sports . 
  what ? 
  \\  hire a guy to be a content creator, 
  \\  force him to be the coach instead, 
  \\  be surprised he 's not a good coach, 
  why not ? 
  it 's possible regi takes even disagreements seriously enough . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe they tried discussing but it did n't work out . 
  whatever . 
  what does that matter ? 
  wow i would never figure it out without reddit , thanks guys !, 
  how is tyrell even important for elliot ? 
  he 's just a dude that elliot met like a few times . 
  and then maybe mr. 
  robot killed him ( yeah i highly doubt it ) which elliot does n't even remember . 
  if anything , sheyla 's death was a much bigger shock and much more important event in his life , so why do you think he did n't create sheyla 's personality ? 
  sorry but i really hate this theory about multiple personalities and i think it 's the stupidest shit flooding this sub . 
  it 's just lazy wishful thinking without any proof . 
  robot is a liar . 
  rekt . 
  i really like how `` plant person '' sounds for some reason . 
  nice . 
  you mean level 30 . 
  have you seen psyduck , magikarp and goldeen ? 
  spawns from my city indicate that they are very strongly bound to actual bodies of water . 
  it 's a wrong link . 
  correct one for anyone who visits this thread later : http://www.sepist.com/home/rami-malek-wins-emmy-for-best-actor-in-a-drama-mr-robot, 
  darlene knows this book as well . 
  ( she has nick doloreshaze when she talks to elliot on irc . ), 
  it is supposed to be cringeworthy . 
  we ca n't stop being assholes , only being assholes makes our business profitable !, 
  written *, 
  i do n't think you understand what i meant . 
  maokai has root , zyra has root , now this guy has root . 
  all plants must have roots confirmed . 
  this happens to me for every lol promo page loaded with stuff like this one . 
  they have to be really inefficient somehow , as a web developer i have no idea how they achieve such painful lagginess and how do they get away with it from qa . 
  yeah but some web developers have to implement these pages . 
  they are complicated and slightly different every time . 
  seriously ? 
  for me it 's the worst . 
  oh god what the hell . 
  they do n't count for rank if you spam them at fountain . 
  they definitely should be . 
  in the worst case , let users disable unneeded animations if their machine goes potato after exposition to your page . 
  generally visuals on these pages are completely awesome , but overall user experience is awful due to lags and inability to get to actual content . 
  relevant flair, 
  same . 
  i 'm working in webdev . 
  if i made something like this qa would kick my ass . 
  i do n't even know how did they manage to make it this bad . 
  i 'm so hyped !!!!! 1 !, 
  yeah i submitted a thread about this back when this episode was first aired ... 
  some people tried twitting producers but with no success . 
  but yeah maybe more twitts would do ? 
  or maybe they already plan it but do n't want to announce yet ? 
  no idea . 
  i like cooking help from time to time . 
  you really think they just ignore all balance-related data from pbe games and upkeep the server for no real reason ? 
  yeah , well , no . 
  maybe there are not many reports of these bugs because they discover and patch them before they happen live ? 
  there is at least one spanish speaker . 
  what the hell, 
  my thoughts exactly : ), 
  vr experience ? ... 
  here are instructions for similar stitch : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fm4xpcxqfc, 
  why not ? 
  she 's an actress , why would she mind ? 
  i do n't get that at all . 
  this is incredible . 
  this would mean ... we have to analyze every elliot vs ray game . 
  i went through the code as well and can confirm that answers are n't probably processed in any way , client-side or server-side . 
  i just visited this link , and ironically netscape throws javascript error `` identifier is a reserved word '' for adobe visitor identification script ( line 7 ) . 
  `` identifier '' does n't do anything after using in input field though . 
  i also forced internet archive to make a new copy with page as it is today , visited on netscape does n't give error anymore , but some images are broken and counter is nonexistent . 
  so i think netscape here is just a gimmick and not actual clue . 
  i spent a few hours looking into this code and indeed it seems like pitfall should be playable game somehow , but it 's impossible to trigger it . 
  excellent find . 
  so basically it means `` whiterose '' . 
  i do n't know , you think they created a bunch of unneeded misleading code just to mess with programmers ? 
  i mean this should be solvable without any programmer knowledge , but it still can help us speed up client-side things on websites . 
  i agree , they are really well done . 
  have n't dom said about mobley that `` he 's just a pawn '' ? 
  ohhhhh, 
  from my experience reusing takes three times more time because you have to override and customize instead of copying everything and just changing some parts . 
  for me solution is to write more code , not less . 
  just use sass mixins for actually reusable small things and make everything else from scratch . 
  nobody requires you to be a maintainer . 
  but if you take this responsibility you should be ready for people demanding you to be responsible for your job . 
  what happened here,
