  give this man a medal !, 
  yes you guys should get rid of it asap , look at china , they are fucking rich, 
  i just want to be able to close it . 
  please , let me close it argharhgrhghgarh, 
  for me nope . 
  it told me to do more damage to champions as utility support/jungle tank : ^ ), 
  i do n't know , maybe would stay in one game but does n't stay through multiple games . 
  i have n't seen any russian person on eune in a year . 
  but i am polish . 
  half of eune is polish ( exaggeration but really , a big part ) . 
  if you have shitty teammates on eune there 's a bigger chance they are polish than something else , but there 's no correlation between being polish and being bad player . 
  also , you are a shitty person . 
  i think that transferring is hard to bear for the servers , this is why it 's not free globally . 
  the seen horse is the deadest, 
  yeah there is some thing about having your nation explicite in your username . 
  especially poles love to do this for some weird reason . 
  maybe a habit from some older game , i do n't know . 
  but it definitely is a thing in our gaming culture . 
  can be , but is it ? 
  how do we know ? 
  lol , til . 
  it seems that dota playerbase has serious inferiority complex . 
  this thread shows how retarded is this community in terms of game design knowledge . 
  well you can take whatever runes , masteries and spells you want and do whatever you want in game . 
  they ca n't make you stay with adc or farm in midlane if you do n't want to . 
  so the answer is no . 
  i have the opposite problem , it gives me sona and soraka ( my favorite supports ) every time enemy team does n't contain blitz . 
  i have the opposite problem , it gives me sona and soraka ( my favorite supports ) every time enemy team does n't contain blitz . 
  this is what happens when you let dyrus play league of legends . 
  you have to be heartless to say something like this to a guy after 19 unsuccessful promos . 
  `` smile or something !!! '', 
  poke , bully , or just ignore anivia and go get doublekill elsewhere . 
  even if anivia wins lane super hard , she wo n't contribute to early fights and roams . 
  if you want to beat her , beat her team . 
  without peel she is useless late because every cc breaks her r . you can also pick someone with a dash so you can not worry about her wall in jungle chase . 
  i ca n't think of more irrelevant and pointless test . 
  you took stats from one game ... then somehow translated them to other game ... then played in this other game and it was bad with those stats ... then you somehow think your results are relevant to the first game ?????? 
  wtf did i just read ?? 
  seriously it 's too much bullshit to bear . 
  yeah except after three qs she goes oom , so her contribution after shoving lane is in the best case one rotation of spells , and maybe one miracle wall or q stun . 
  i higly recommend you do not ignore mana costs of anivia . 
  on paper she can look great but if you try to actually use her you have to wait for 20 mins of tear stacking or you go oom super fast . 
  her main source of damage until 1 mana item will be autoattacks . 
  hey , i 'd want to learn orianna , because she 's praised so much for `` never being out of meta '' and seems to match my playstyle . 
  can you recommend me the best videos and guides with orianna 101 ? 
  i just need a reference for some basic stuff . 
  for example i saw that bjergsen uses e a lot even when he does n't need shield or comeback ball damage . 
  is there some logic behind it ? 
  like , is it better to stay sure that ball generally is on you ? 
  or is it some kind of habit like with annie e ? 
  from what i 've seen , league generally attracts a lot of mentally ill people . 
  for me and my boyfriend , playing helps us not to focus on negative thoughts and survive the worst periods of pesimism and lack of motivation . 
  i have no problems with raging people or tilting though , i 'm mostly patient person . 
  i play a lot of normals with people i got to know on server , just for fun and laugh . 
  i think playing with people you like is the best part of lol . 
  what you wrote about tahm kench feels super inaccurate , have you played him ? 
  soraka is infamous for having no peel , no hard cc actually . 
  she is screwed if anyone initiates on her or her carry . 
  on orianna early do i build tear , chalice or both ? 
  i think the passive stats are the right answer here . 
  thank you for your response : ), 
  some tips on using w ? 
  i get lost with it 's damage/speedup/slow / positioning components . 
  how to use it efficiently in a gank or in a chase ? 
  thanks , i will try to utilize this . 
  one other question , do other champs keep the ball on them when they go untargetable , like master yi or fizz ? 
  or it returns automatically or stays in the last place they were in ? 
   playing games to escape from the reality of your problems is n't going to make anything better . 
  if you have a choice between suicide thoughts , suffering from paranoia or 100 % focusing on a meaningless game , i assure you that playing the game can make something better . 
  you sound like a person who never had to deal with serious mental problems . 
  sometimes people will do just anything to stop suffering , including killing themselves . 
  playing a game , if it makes someone feel less like a shit or even just not think about it , is definitely a better option . 
  you had been diagnosed with clinical depression and chronic anxiety , ** did n't take medication ** , somehow got out of it and now go around and tell things like `` just do it '' and `` you need only motivation to get better '' ? 
  dude wtf ? 
  depression is caused by specific chemicals in brain , it 's a serious disease leading to death . 
  telling people with depression not to try to escape from suffering is like telling people with cancer not to take painkillers . 
  i do n't know , maybe painkillers do n't help , but you know what else does n't help ? 
  being in fucking pain . 
  depression can be cured with therapy and medicines but not pure willpower . 
  willpower is the exact thing that does n't work there !, 
  this , this is some solid advice here . 
  first of all , remember that lol is only a stupid online game not worth your health and stress . 
  you will meet a lot of people , friendly and raging , and if you are not feeling well with them , mute them or try to play with friends you are more confident around . 
  your english is fine . 
  like realizing you spent hundreds of hours on something which is not important at all ? 
  meh there 's no need to go hard on yourself about this , i mean , there is a lot of hobbies and sports and none of them make any sense in `` the real life '' . 
  just do what enriches you . 
  this . 
  soraka harass is laughable . 
  you are right . 
  it 's a lot of pressure , but also a lot of hope for challenger girls . 
  seriously , she 's talented , she could earn money for something she spent so much time doing and in the same time do something good for female players and help start a `` new era '' with female lol pros . 
  now well ... she seems to give up before anything even started : (, 
  ^ ( ofc being trans complicates all this , a lot , but still . ), 
  mechanics are not everything a support needs ... 
   you americans, 
  i 'm polish . 
  what now . 
  i do n't think usa is superior country or something , i just wish that gay marriage was legal here as well , even if some people would n't agree with it . 
  better good law that some people do n't like than bad law discriminating minority .
