  and from level 16 scaling will be always worse than live . 
  and remember stacks work only for champs . 
  for creeps you will only deal 2 % bonus hp ( 1 % max hp ) for entire game ( so old lvl 6 scaling ) . 
  this is terrible and kills top/jungle tahm . 
  lategame you will be a cc/save bot at best . 
  and with worse survivability because of e nerf . 
  i am not refusing to see anything . 
  i 'm pointing out that you create walls of text elaborating on how taliyah is awesome , while hiding and omitting some important facts to make your point stand out . 
  if you have a valid point you can defend it without skewing reality . 
  for example now you omitted meeps which are pretty important cc during ganks . 
  i agree that tali ult can be gamechanging , nobody argues about that . 
  i just do n't see why do you prefer to hide behind wall of text and a shitty comparison to another random support instead of just argumenting your point in a clear way . 
  gobble gabble , one of us !, 
  yeah but those changes make him even worse than live . 
  honestly i 'm sad . 
  voice chat probably will ruin ingame communication for me . 
  no matter if it 's opt-in , if i do n't use it , i will either get flamed or deprived of information , cause nobody will type and speak at the same time . 
  i do n't want to talk or even listen to strangers every time i want to have a competitive ranked game . 
  this sucks . 
  this concerns me as well . 
  i do n't want to be forced to use voice chat every time i want to be competitive in ranked . 
  premades actually have a lower winrate because they get harder opponents . 
  but i agree with your point overall , opt-in voice chat means mandatory voice chat in ranked . 
  most of 15-18 year old kids in my country can write/read english on some basic level but definitely not listen/speak coherently . 
  we 'll be probably completely unable to understand each other . 
  not to mention that speaking english suddenly will become a mandatory skill to play lol at a high level ( nobody will type in chat so you have to speak english or go home ) . 
  to be clear i have no problem with speaking english . 
  but i 'm sure most of my teammates will have . 
  everybody and their mother plays him so he has lower winrates than less popular champs who are played mostly by dedicated mains . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  this champ is bullshit . 
  lantern is broken . 
  damage is super high . 
  and he 's ranged . 
  and tanky . 
  and with zillion cc . 
  weak base stats ? 
  tell me more about this , no other support is so crippled right , oh hello sona and soraka with 10 times less overloaded kits . 
  i hate his kit with the power of a thousand suns . 
  i 'm with you bro . 
  her kit has very clear strengths and very clear weaknesses . 
  ( i 'm talking about ap soraka , i agree that tank soraka is quite dumb and deserves a nerf ) . 
  what exactly is thresh 's kit clear weakness ? 
  i do n't see any . 
  according to his results in diamond + he should also be part of diamonzodia . 
  i spit my tea out here , this fucker is more unhealthy than spain during influenza pandemy . 
  pro play is not soloq . 
  `` no sustain '' is a valid point because that means you can poke him out of lane and this is mostly true . 
  although most threshes build targon anyway and do n't give a fuck . 
  this thing heals like crazy . 
  `` less peel '' i wo n't take seriously because if all four his abilities which can be used as peel are not enough , then who the fuck has better peel , braum , janna and lulu aka peel supports ? 
  `` last whisper '' also i do n't consider an important weakness . 
  nobody will rush lw only for thresh and this is mid/late game issue when almost all supports fall off . 
  honestly i believe they should make souls his base armor and tune him down in some other way , the way it works now ( this weird unique champ/item interaction ) makes no sense . 
  maybe they will benefit but i 'm quite sure i wo n't . 
  honestly i would prefer more junglers to come even though they know it 's warded . 
  they behave like wards are toxic and they are not allowed to walk past them while in fact even when botlane has vision on you , you can still gank them with a great success . 
  this is why tp ganks work well even though channel is perfectly visible . 
  same . 
  you can ping more `` on my way '' if you have trouble with laners not participating in a gank as a jungler . 
  i assure you in my games ( silver currently ) every time a jungler pings `` omw '' i 'll do anything i can to properly initiate or help him if he 's caught . 
  no matter if something is warded or not . 
  in fact some laners do n't even notice they are being ganked while having wards until it 's too late . 
  but ofc i agree that possibility to mark warded places would be nice . 
  q has such a short range and long travel time you have to really be oblivious to be hit with it in lane . 
  kinda ca n't blame the champ if you ca n't play vs him and do n't know there 'll be q incoming from this bush . 
  inside minion wave you will be perfectly safe entire laning phase . 
  bard 's not a tank who would just walk up to you and cc you to death . 
  in lane he can only poke with [ q aa meep thunderlord ] and this works only if you make mistakes . 
  when ganked only well played q and careful positioning can save him . 
  plus some super weak sustain . 
  i do n't see anything particularly unhealthy in his lane pattern . 
  there are multiple supports who are more oppressive or more safe . 
  yeah sure man , i mean this is a nice idea , i just wanted to remind that wards are not some ultimate scarecrows for junglers ; ), 
  is writing code during an interview a good thing ? 
  honestly i kind of hate it . 
  both thresh hook and blitz grab have longer range and faster travel speed . 
  morgana q has longer range and bigger hitbox . 
  lux q is longer range and faster . 
  all those skillshots have unconditional hard cc on them ( well if you consider root on lvl1 hard ) while bard has only unconditional slow . 
  out of all skillshots that can screw you over on level 1 bard q is inferior and easiest to avoid . 
  only enemies i am able to hit with q/aa on lvl 1 are people who walk up to lane from gromp leash and go in a straight line near the wall . 
  if i do n't leash it 's easy to hide in a bush near enemy turret and score a double q in this situation . 
  other than that this skill is really hard to land if enemy is careful . 
  bard does n't have a pattern like thresh and blitz walk up , e + q. 
  once landed it gives a great advantage , sure , but it 's just nature of skillshots , hard to land = big reward . 
  i believe this one is one of the hardest support skillshots to land . 
  haha , yeah , it happens for me as well in midsilver , they mindlessly push because `` oh we have a ward we are safe '' and do n't even notice they are being ganked . 
  eh i still have to earn my tokens : ( . 
  downvotes = wisdom . 
  sure let me know how do i play against bullshit lantern saves . 
  stand on lantern ? 
  i 'm all ears . 
  you got it wrong . 
  from the table you can get that the higher base damage , the lower scaling and the higher mr , the better penetration is . 
  scaling you have the same all game , base damage is lower early and mr is lower early as well . 
  so yeah , flat ap/ad will be better than penetration early in most cases if you have average base damage and scaling . 
  then penetration takes over in late .
