  also if you go flex to try out new champs or roles this makes you an asshole for people who treat this mode seriously and maybe are in promos or something . 
  but i guess i am weird because i prefer to be nice to people and do n't disrespect them . 
  you can switch between multiple item sets in-game . 
  and you can have as many as you want . 
  so yes . 
  no , there are external apps that can generate item sets and it 's supported by riot , so it 's not a problem . 
  basically . json file is a text file that says `` i was written in json format so you can easily read structurized data from me '' . 
  it 's like instead writing `` i want tear for ez in earlygame tab '' you write ` `` ezreal '' :{ `` earlygame '' : [ 555 ] } ` . 
  you could write one yourself in notepad ( knowing items ids ) . 
  and item sets are supposed to be like your notes , you write down some information and then lol reads it ( it 's readable because it 's json-formatted ) and displays to you in a nice way . 
  it 's harmless . 
  i recommend making your own item set , similar to this one , but only for ap champs or supports or whatever you play the most . 
  or for all of them . 
  this way you can safely cut out everything that 's ad for example . 
  it really helped me learn my items . 
  it 's really helpful to have them near normal trinkets . 
  no do n't you know how harmful json can be ?!, 
  you can even get a syntax error !, 
  ... and then rito goes `` yeah item sets are not important because nobody used them '' ... 
  no shit nobody used this brilliant feature if you never bothered to advertise it : (, 
  it 's possible to use existing ones , but impossible to edit or reate new ones in the new client . 
  they will eventually become outtdated and we will have to use third-party generators or set them up manually in notepad , and both these solutions suck . 
  if they do add it or do n't in the future is unclear . 
  last i checked it was n't added and they had no plans to do so `` because almost nobody used item sets anyway '' . 
  i 'll be really happy if they do change their mind of course . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  what i 'd really like to know is cooldown of masteries that have cooldowns but for some reason do n't display them in bottom bar at all . 
  ummm ... there 's something seriously wrong here : |, 
  i was sure it was supposed to be jhin with ball pens . 
  no ball pens 2/10, 
  by the way , what do you do if you draw something like this with a pen and you screw up suddenly some part ? 
  is there any way back ? 
  thunderlords has an indicator ? 
  where ? 
  i say this with respect , but fuck you . 
  none, 
  how is that even possible . 
  this is correct . 
  ok user , you can now get some data from us ... crap we needed this data , give it back !, 
  i mean ca n't you contribute to polymer instead ? 
  does everyone have to have their own codebase ? 
  no i did n't mean that, 
  plz no im crying, 
  seriously , this is so good . 
  haha you 're funny, 
  no wait you 're not, 
  this is what my rats are doing all the time . 
  no place in my room is safe . 
  not only that , also no sass , no proper frontend setup , general anarchy are bad things . 
  this makes sense and is ridiculous at the same time . 
  in poland we have this image for such occasions : [ eyes bath . 
  it 's like saying that you have to buy clothes to have anything to wear , therefore it 's better to not allow customers try them before buying . 
  when in fact it 's exactly the other way around - customer already wants and plans to buy something to wear , so why not give them opportunity to buy something they like the best in order to make them more satisfied and happy with their purchase = more likely to buy sth from you again . 
  i lost sona botlane vs teemo support . 
  never in my life i felt so countered and so helpless as sona , even vs fucking volibear . 
  i loved jungle kench so much these days . 
  it was glorious . 
  could 1v5 without breaking a sweat , literally unkillable with fuckton of damage . 
  it was so awesome and broken , i was so proud of myself when i discovered it ... rip tk jungle [ * ], 
  it does n't matter if there is one shop or a thousand . 
  happy customer is always better than frustrated customer ( unless you go super shitty mobile-game-like f2p model , totally not like rito ) . 
  especially because you can actually quit this game or not pay at all if you prefer . 
  i wonder how much karma you will get from posting it . 
  can you post a working build ( items , runes and masteries ) ? 
  been tempted to do this but i do n't know shit about ad itemization , i play only supports and mages . 
  i 'd love to be that bard d :, 
  i mean ... you are probably right , it 's so cheap and so great . 
  let 's use it while it lasts : p, 
  morgana will counter the current collossus meta and can be played like kind-of-janna with her shield . 
  deals more damage so probably counts as `` agressive '' : p, 
  for even more damage i found that annie is really fine and way easier than zyra or vel ` koz . 
  if you want to be effective mage support , you have to learn the champ , it 's not enough to be a good sustain support main . 
  annie is braindead to learn so you do n't have to get through trouble of learning the complicated combos and skillshots on vel ` koz . 
  it deals crazy damage but honestly if you want to be agressive ... you can be an agressive janna . 
   increased heal and shield power applies only to the base value of the shield/heal . 
  source ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it applies to the value after all ap scalings . 
  athenes is great on sona and karma , may be good on nami . 
  also even if you do n't deal that much damage , i 'd consider +20 % heal power worth it on soraka if you can afford it ( in terms of gold and item slot ) . 
  edit : it does n't give 20 % heal and shield power , i mistaken it with mikael 's , sorry . 
  sorry i 've mistaken its passive . 
  builds in challenger are really different than in like gold-plat especially for supports so i would n't care so much about that . 
  distance counts from the position you died in , not from base . 
  well , unless you were alive in base . 
  but i do n't think that range is so big . 
  is it ? 
  o __ o, 
  i do n't know , are n't they supposed to build more `` toplane '' items for that sweet sweet cdr ? 
  ( just like ap supports have to get `` midlane '' items for ap ? ), 
  i focused on ap supports , tank supports are a whole other story . 
  ( but yeah it 's a sick item . 
  hahahah you 're not wrong . 
  it 's so hard to coordinate around it in soloq it 's simply not worth trying . 
  i gave up and build it only for armor . 
  i asked about zeke when they published reworked items and they said they are fine with it being in more competitive/premade niche . 
  so ... boring or ridiculous ? 
  i feel like it is significantly lower than soraka ult ( did n't check hard numbers tho ) . 
  and you are not guaranteed to hit it on entire team . 
  have you played ap support before ? 
  are supports not allowed to be strong and fun to play ?
