  2 minutes later right before a fight , or better to buy something else/nothing ? 
  wow . 
  it 's awesome that you are here to respond . 
  stealing the domain name is super shitty thing to do regardless of intentions, 
  i just ca n't not watch xpeke every single time this video is mentioned ... 192837912 time and still i 'm so excited lol, 
  `` look anivia thats how to play midlane '' wtfffffff guys, 
  no , it 's to give vent to frustration . 
  did they have to walk to the base these days ? 
  self discipline with bunch of horny 17-19-21 year olds is super hard to maintain , this is why team managers do n't want to take a risk , it 's just easier to keep a good team environment without any members of the team being turned on by another . 
  sadly it 's just sensible and realistic , hard to fight human sexual nature . 
  [ i do n't assume that all players would have a problem with that , but even the slight tension in that stressful job might result with a disaster for a team as a whole . ], 
  edit :, 
  also , in an `` all gay '' team every member could for example fall in love with another , that 's just a terrible illogical idea . 
  i think it 's not their fault that they are being separated ... 
   but there are female players that do n't want to play with males . 
  yeah sure , they probably even play soloq with girls only coz boys are nuh-uh . 
  this is why riot made separate queues for both genders rite . 
  i 'm female too but that does n't validate mine or your opinion in any way . 
  these girls do n't `` make team '' , but team makes them . 
  they are not managers , they just happened to be invited to an all-female team which was created by someone else , someone being male probably . 
  it 's probably better for them that not being in any competitive team at all , so they agreed . 
  it 's not their fault that it is this way and not another . 
  is `` 13 + '' a number of friends or their age ? 
  not an unforgivable moral stain , ok ... how about a crime, 
  it 's about riot 's ruling . 
  to be honest i think she 's fucking freelo right now and will be nerfed soon . 
  her damage in lane and scaling , on top of great utility e , slow passive and ult , are just wrong . 
  i 'm not . 
  why ? 
  thanks \\ ^ __ ^, 
  and nothing else apparently, 
  janna is unkillable . 
  trigger warning : /, 
  is it hard to find something disturbing in this scene ? 
  hey i found something that might belong to you : \\ \\, 
  hello . 
  my name is inigo montoya . 
  you killed my father . 
  prepare to die . 
   glad to see people are childish enough to go and downvote all of my comments . 
  so much for having actual conversation , this subreddit is awful . 
   apparently if you do n't stick with the daily circlejerk your thread gets carpet bombed . 
  glad to see that people are n't mature enough to have an actual conversation about something without freaking out when an opposing opinion is presented . 
  dude , this thread is repeated every month , what the fuck do you want to discuss here . 
  yeah champ select trolls issue is awful , nobody likes it , rito does n't care , maybe some day they will fix it , end of fucking story . 
  no point in starting yet another thread . 
  downvoted . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  am i the only one buying banner on a regular basis ( because of aura + ap ) ? 
  most of them wo n't cut credits , will add a link in description or remove your content when you ask them tho . 
  i mean , sometimes they do n't bother to add them , but they also do n't go `` i can not credit your content and you ca n't do anything to me '' when creator wants them to do so . 
  [ funny guy . 
  you ask me ? 
  dude . 
  i 'm 21 , i need to look for a job , finish my studies , want to have my own family , buy a house , and look at me now , grinding rankeds like a retard . 
  uhhh sometimes i hate this game so much . 
  `` we 've disabled aram queue due to ranked system bug '', 
  omg hahahahaha, 
  it 's a legit lane , seen it before , if they manage to get some kills it pays off, 
   if you dodge , you will definitely lose 15lp, 
  ummm no i wont, 
  is it a thing ? 
  i play with constant 60-65 . __ . 
  ok guys you are right , i 've added a poll for central part of na . 
  or will it ? 
  added : ), 
  hmmmm no idea what is this sorry, 
  you must have some great friends on na, 
  man do i love this no-assasins meta . 
  now we have silly tank battles lasting hours instead of being deleted in 0.2 second for 10 times in the same game . 
  i hope that some day we will get something in between , i.e. 
  poke mages . 
  maybe it 's boring to watch , but this is the style of game i 'd much prefer to play . 
  dude . 
  i love it . 
  yeah , i prefer to have other advantages as a player , for example map awareness , recognizing win conditions , shotcalling , game knowledge etc. 
  this is why i play mainly supports and safe mages . 
  are you a happy person ? 
  are n't you tired with all this work you put in being succesful at such a young age ? 
  what are you going to do with your life after league , after retirement ? 
  you are pretty rich now probably , but what next ? 
  this is why i actually grew to hate midlane , i much prefer other roles now ; you can say they are easier or something , i do n't know , for me they are just more fun . 
  and there exists a lot of midlaners who have no clue how to support , so maybe i 'm not just a bad player you know ... 
  it 's funny how this subreddit often goes `` riven players are such jerks '' and `` rito plz remove lb '' , but when someone says that they just do n't like learning to make flashy plays they got downvoted . 
  they have their own passives ... 
  yup , it 's `` meh i do n't need my parents i 'm grown up and can decide about myself !!!, 
  '' , but sadly translated into adulthood and `` meh i do n't need police/moderators/law i 'm grown up and can take care of myself !!! '' . 
  in fact wishing for anarchy is just childish . 
  omg , is it really this low ? 
  well then no wonder we have anti-mod riots ... : /, 
  why would you want to support your support lol ^ ^ plz ^ ^ dont ^ ^ do ^ ^ this, 
  check out also her other artworks , she 's amazing . 
  because they are sick , one day you can be sick too and you 'll wish that people cared about you, 
  as a depressed person i can say that i feel like shit and hate myself , but that does n't change my feelings towards other people . 
  i do n't care about my life , but i very much care about others and do n't want to hurt them . 
  so actually thinking about making family and friends unhappy makes sense . 
  it 's important to remember and believe that they care about you and do n't want you to be dead . 
  i 've just realized that you can also change language replacing / pl / with / en / in the link ( [ here ] ( http://typo.polona.pl/en/share/hello-r-web-design ) ) . 
  good . 
  it 's supposed to be a buff for those champs , they barely see any play .
