  go on , play janna vs a decent rengar and q him midair . 
  it 's soooo easy . 
  so easy !, 
  just go and try that . 
  if you had ever played janna on a decent level you would know how slow is her q and how low range it has without windup . 
  to q someone midair you need to press q * before * you see them beginning their dash . 
  it takes a fuckton of skill to predict this exact moment . 
  lol do n't even get me started on leona , she 's probably the easiest and most boring supp in this game . 
  * you see people ? 
  go in and press literally all your buttons . 
  you dead ? 
  you alive ? 
  good !, 
  the only difficulty with leona is getting teammates that will properly follow reasonable engages , there 's really nothing else to her . 
  soraka does n't . _ . 
  is it possible to get the final design released for free ? 
  i ca n't afford buying a shirt from us . 
  but i would like to print one here in some local shirt printing store . 
  you realize that for janna reacting is being active and exactly the thing she should be doing . 
  yeah of course , because we all love mage supports and no other supports should be allowed to exist . 
  yeah , no other company cares about naming things !, 
  probably they just ca n't handle her advanced positioning and mechonics there / s, 
  if you give more gold to supports you will only see more mage supports . 
  it 's always better to have a lategame ap carry that does damage instead of janna . 
  the whole point of `` true supports '' is to be useful without gold . 
  if support role gets more gold , you will not see `` true supports '' ever again . 
  and accurate skillshot and timing predictions are easy in this game ? 
  what do you consider hard then ? 
  well , does n't mean you ca n't support gay people : ), 
  ember was released in 2013 and after years and years of stable development is in great shape and is n't going anywhere : ), 
  what do you consider hard then ? 
  you mean marvelous ? 
  i was heartbroken as well : ( . 
  such a smart and complex character . 
  she was way more interesting than cersei honestly . 
  i would n't believe this story if i have n't experienced being flamed for relic stacks myself . 
  those people really exist out there . 
  your example shows that support is the lowest impact role , not the easiest . 
  with that i can maybe agree . 
  but i do n't think there should be any hierarchy of roles in terms of being easy/hard . 
  they are all equally hard but focus on different things . 
  if you have the lowest impact , it 's actually the hardest to get a positive winrate and climb to your mmr . 
  kill vlad . 
  that 's all i have to say . 
   as i said , since your impact is not as big , it is much easier to live up to your 20 % as a support . 
  this sentence does n't add up . 
  if you want to be as useful as adc when you are support , you will have to try harder than an average adc , because on average supports are less impactful than adcs . 
   so no , it 's actually much easier to carry as a support since your impact is smaller . 
  dude , it 's either one or the other . 
  this buff is crazy . 
  rejoice fellow guardians < 3, 
  how is that not a big advantage ?? 
  she 's adc so you want to peel for her anyway . 
  hahahah is n't that lower than her e in lane ? 
  god this is gon na be obnoxious . 
  literally rip aram . 
  she already has great lategame ... 
  and then she has only a slow and a shield left !, 
  sorry , i 'm not native englando user and i 'm having a hard time understanding the connotation . 
  in my native language this word is used almost exclusively in chemistry . 
  lux that has some team in lategame should be able to kill someone basically every time she decides to ult . 
  it does fuckton of damage , all that 's needed is some poke and brief target lockdown ( and she can do both by herself anyway even if team fails ) . 
  i mean ... you 're not wrong . 
  ^ ^ ( ( also ) ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ actually ^ ^ a ^ ^ woman ^ ^ but ^ ^ nvm ), 
  i mean , in soloq it will be a nightmare if you want to pick one champ but you know it will be useless without its counterpart , and your lane partner does n't know how to play the other champ . 
  i play support solo and i will probably feel a bit like i 'm robbed from opportunity to play the champ to his fullest . 
  basically vastaya = furry . 
  oh god this is gon na annoy me so much xd, 
  but how is that fun to have this guy shout in your face for entire game ? 
  he should distract the enemies , not me when i play him : (, 
  meowth that 's right . 
  but on sr they are , like , in a big battle for 40 min . 
  so he 's gon na be obnoxious for entire game . 
  why would i care how he behaves outside of the game ? 
  unpopular opinion : this ending was clever and worked for me . 
   furries are people in plush animal suits . 
  i mean , exactly ... 
  do n't worry man , i felt very similar like 2 years ago , and i was pretty pissed when i wanted to read or write something longer in english . 
  eventually reddit and tv series miraculously cured me . 
  just chill and use english a lot , it 'll come with time : ), 
  she was just as terrible before . 
  obnoxious half map aoe stun , stupid stacking mechanics , stupid ult , everything about this champ is unfair and frustrating . 
  oh come on , it 's on 14s cooldown ... 
   lb was widely considered to be the most balanced assassin in the game . 
  hahah seriously by whom exactly ? 
  everyone was talking about zed as an exemplary assasin . 
  please rotate through roles , do n't do only flashy mid/top/jungle . 
  dude , you can just use svg and save yourself all the trouble ... 
  i did n't want to know, 
  how could i think i wanted to know, 
  lol my boyfriend does the exact same thing . 
  veigar and ryze have to go . 
  what do you pay with then o __ o, 
  azir does n't exist already , why would we remove him ? 
  seriously , i had an adc going in and dying over and over today , reason given was `` bard is useless '' . 
  idk maybe if you like tried to be a decent player i would be more useful ?? 
  every player should have equal possibility to impact a game , no matter which role and champ they pick . 
  because there 's always one player for every role , obviously also every role should have similar impact . 
  it does n't have to be damage . 
  but impact .
