  eh is n't that perspective ? 
   do rude things like punch me in the dick or poke me in the butthole, 
  `` rude things '' lmao, 
  at this point you could just log in to her account and remove the post for her ... 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  underrated comment . 
  what , seriously ? 
  how to say `` i think you believe in childish bullshit '' and not offend anyone ? 
  i 'm sorry but your beliefs actually define you as a person . 
  it 's impossible to not offend someone while criticizing their beliefs . 
  you have to be careful , make sure it 's warm and dry them afterwards . 
  \\  sona flair, 
  \\  likes constant botlane party, 
  something is very wrong here . 
  basically this lol . 
  same . 
  fuck the entitled kids blaming me for not delivering them kills on a golden plate and saving them from their own stupidity . 
  you have to think and play well too . 
  if you do n't , why should i even bother to help you ? 
  dude i do n't give a fuck about satisfying other people . 
  i want to win the game , not make sure everyone is happy . 
  of course winning the game involves helping your team , but if they decide to flame you and throw away your help , or if you fuck something up , it 's not like you should go and give them a blowjob to make up for it . 
  some people expect things that are simply impossible from their supports , because they have no idea what their support is actually doing . 
  countless times i heard `` janna shield me '' after someone died when my shield was on cd . 
  i mean , thanks for advice , i never would have thought of this ? ... 
  or `` no vision , go ward baron support slave '' when you are soraka and get instagibbed every time you go out of base , and of course nobody gives a shit about going to ward with you . 
  your advice is like you told midlaners '' - what does your team expects from you ? 
  - uhhh i guess doing damage ? 
  - all right , then start doing more damage ! '' . 
  ok , great , now i know . 
  for women or very young children it also can be a nightmare , i do n't want all the people i play with to treat me different because of my voice . 
  i just want to play the game and be treated like everyone else . 
  i play almost only soloq , i sometimes tried playing with voicechat with randoms and it did lead to weird comments and behaviors way more times than i can accept . 
  yeah i can mute dumbasses , but even one stupid person can set a tone for the entire group ( leading to treating me like a worse player , making it seem ok to ignore my calls or things i say ) , and what 's even the point of voice chat if in the end i 'd have to mute people all the time and stress out `` if in the next game i 'm gon na get harassed and treated badly for not being * the default gender * '' ? 
  everything is bad vs cait zyra ? ... 
  link ? 
  i need it for ummm scientific research . 
  you grow up lol, 
  ummm . 
  anivia , who was released in 2009 , can create a wall of terrain that lasts a couple seconds . 
  also jarvan iv , yorick , taliyah , ivern , bard can interact with or create terrain . 
  i agree that when you pick up anivia the wall seems pretty useless , but it 's actually very strong when you realize how to combine it with the rest of her kit , and it can surely set up a fight . 
  you just need to be super smart with it . 
  here 's froggen explaining anivia wall , strongly recommended if you are interested at all https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj-j-ssbsyi, 
  but his current voice is all right ??? 
  i do n't get that . 
  yeah what the hell , they look just unfinished . 
  what . 
  thanks for the info < 3, 
  yeah exactly , makes zero sense to use a site that is used only by people who actively collect skins and not the whole playerbase to check which skins are popular in the playerbase . 
  all i want is to delete thresh . 
  if bard has to go for it , so be it . 
  it 's not like bard is even mortal , you fools . 
  all summoners rift summoners rift summoners . 
  would like to exchange . 
  what 's wrong with iwd ? 
  i 'm out of the loop , he seems like a super nice guy ... 
  oh no , poor adc has to buy 800-1000 gold item to deal with a full build tank who heals for fuckton . 
  but he did n't work on making an excellent musician . 
  he just shouted and abused people a lot . 
  what the kid achieved in the end is not excellence but ability to finally not be shouted on by some crazy dude . 
  i think it 's even more ironic if you actually know how playing percussion ( and making music in general ) works and that most of the stuff they do is counterproductive and stupid . 
  ok , but you make it seem like grievous wounds are some hard to pull off counterplay possibility , while it 's the opposite . 
  sent you a friend request . 
  sent you a friend request . 
  sent you a friend request . 
  sent you a friend request . 
  sent you a friend request . 
  sent you a friend request . 
  senthe , eune , i want to trade one champ . 
  and dodge scripts installed !, 
  ... no wait, 
  good . 
  all other champs are unskill based . 
  thresh is a support version of yasuo . 
  thresh mains always have to brag about muh skill , like learning a few combos made them madlife incarnates . 
  thresh in your team outplays himself 9/10 times when he hits a hook and panic slams all the buttons . 
  thresh in the enemy team is a thresh god and his hook hitbox is half the lane smh . 
  obnoxious antifun kit with bullshit lantern and insane amount of cc and utility . 
  support yasuo . 
  delete him please . 
  sona is not a very complicated champ , but i enjoy the fact she 's such an elegant musician lady . 
  i play most of the support champs . 
  i was pretty sure it was / r/me _ irl . 
  tattoo sin 25 years, 
   ** drop the hammer ** : jinx could activate a global cannon floating above the map , causing an oversized bomb to detonate at a target location ... after ten seconds . 
  * why it did n't make it : * `` people would just walk out of it . '', 
  whoa hold on sherlock ... 
  i ca n't even believe the mod team could be so incompetent and arrogant lol . 
  i mean there 's a lot of people there , ca n't they actually unmod people who abuse their status to spam memes about themselves ? 
  more like yasuo of support . 
  just dodge every skillshot . 
  it 's that easy . 
  with this brilliant advice 90 % of champs in this game sudenly became useless and you can now become the next faker while playing only annie , nocturne and malzahar . 
  you can press e but if your ball is away from you it will take a long while until you get the speedup , you can easily be already dead at this point . 
  can you post a picture of something of this `` double hitbox '' ? 
  i love the colors . 
  and the eye . 
  well done man .
