  about jungle , start learning with warwick or xin zhao . 
  both have no problem with farming and are at least somewhat useful even when afk farm all day , ww also can easily abuse cinderhulk . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  i suppose the solution would be to play a lot , lot of rankeds . 
  i still ca n't believe it, 
  haha , good job . 
  if you do n't like what a company does , do n't pay them . 
  ( if you do n't like what a politician does , do n't vote for them . ), 
  at least that is what mature people do in real world . 
  you can always make sure that you do n't make their community more enjoyable ... 
  but generally i think your job is done here . 
  what, 
  thresh has no soul , he 's evil, 
  what would you expect, 
  what about `` stop killing minions !!, 
  ! 11 i go mid and farm there '' followed by adc going to other lanes on level 3 when i was leona with relic shield . 
  ... this is actually depressing . 
  y u no like me : (, 
  same thing happened to me . 
  he then went to farm other lanes while raging `` you should be happy now you can take all farm '' and `` report leona troll !!! 1 !!!! 1 '' . 
  my and opposed team tried to convince him that i did n't take his farm while laughing helplessly , but he trolled until the end of the game . 
  i 've played only 50 rankeds in bronze ii-i and i already have nightmares . 
  i ask myself this question every morning, 
  no , but seriously , personally i 'm in low league because after some games i stopped playing ranked , mainly because of stories like these in this thread . 
  i had once this plat guy who left normal champ select because `` lol retarded rito matchmaking '' and i could n't convince him that it 's because i generally do n't play rankeds but have very good normal mmr . 
  fate/zero is better , just saying, 
  pfff too easy, 
  this is so great . 
  i ca n't wait until someone finds out a way to kill him there before he spawns . 
  public abstract class minion, 
  and there you go, 
  we would be really screwed i say, 
  this is so true . 
  i know people who have to work with 15 years old software which is total shit , but still it would be too expensive to write it again from scratch . 
  the work is pain in the ass , there are few people who even have idea what 's going on in this code , and to fully understand it they need years . 
  i think that riot can have issues similar to e.g. 
  nasa - being at point when you do n't have people who developed your software years ago and trying to understand it from the beginning with few new people . 
  it can be hard and painful to even get to know what to do with this spaghetti code now . 
  explosions are also electric i believe , see magnemite . 
  it was not funny . 
  i like playing janna , sona and soraka , what 's wrong with me ? ... 
  ^ i ^ guess ^ being ^ a ^ woman ^ maybe ^ ; __ ;, 
  ummm because it 's not like his kit is full of cc ? ... 
  he ca n't shield or heal , but a knockup , grab , silence + tankiness + items can be enough to peel ... 
  [ vaynevaynevaynevaynevayne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74nbctr7d2y ), 
  and why should n't he get this particular skin ? 
  only because his own skin is dark ? 
  god that 's so racist . 
  i did n't even know because i 'm no racist and i do n't use such words . 
   personally none of my female friends or any females i 've encountered on dota have ever received special attention from using voice chat . 
  so did you ask every one of your female friends , or is your opinion based on them not complaining ? 
  you 're right . 
  why, 
  how to get a ribbon, 
  how did you become this good toplaner with succesful team if you say you are inconsistent and have communicational problems ? 
  do you mean that if not this stuff your team would play even better ? 
  ca n't believe that things as simple as better communication can improve a player from the point you are in . 
  dude , this is brilliant : d, 
  after preseason brutal nerf he became rather bad ... 
  dude ... this is not how you do this xd, 
  source ? 
  gosh smiling in buses so embarassing, 
  well if kshaway really has been wrongly accused i would like to know ... it 's important to clear this up, 
  will be really hard to be relevant in lane vs dedicated supports i feel, 
  so there 's one reason less for her to be picked as a supp, 
  can confirm , anivia support lategame is just shit compared to any other support , either ahead or behind , does n't matter . 
  wall and stun in teamfight and you are done , you ca n't even ward properly being that slow . 
  not worth imo . 
  how low is this elo where you do n't need to buy pinkwards jesus d :, 
  she just missed the lee sin ... or did she ? 
  rumble ult probably, 
  3 roa and rylai ? 
  why not both ? 
  do n't you want to just pick cho'gath instead ? 
  not really , you should count in amount of time you spend in the probably lost match vs in the new match, 
  so you will choose just this one which is pissing someone off . 
  i 'm sure it was fun game for you all, 
  it 's only a flair , i main support and save sorry asses daily, 
  got 15 lp , worth, 
   but the majority of the damage landed in early levels should come from hitting with abilities , not autos . 
  that may be true in solo lane , but not for a support . 
  i 'm sure that annie mid will be fine with this change , but it 's a pretty important nerf to annie supp . 
  inb4 alistar can heal turrets, 
  soon ^ tm, 
  sorry i 'm so unprofessional : (, 
  i get a different amount of points from my premades . 
  `` leona you die so much omg useless '' yeah coz guess who is n't dying when i do ... 
  i want teemo to be in every one of those bundles . 
   grinding games is not a quick way to climb . 
  um ... but it is . 
  good shit . 
  annie support was just nerfed tho . 
  i ----- d, 
  omg man . 
  great job . 
  i wo n't talk about quality of the illustrations , many others did it already , but the story is really well presented . 
  rito plz remove shaco, 
  what do i do if for example in midgame i have an empty slot and some gold , but not enough to buy my big item ( e.g. 
  i 'm a mage with one item + wand and 1300 gold , wanting to buy nlr next ) . 
  is an elixir worth buying and drinking e.g.
