  do n't you touch them, 
  i mean , this . 
  i 'm a girl and somehow i had no trouble understanding what an online game is ? 
  i do n't know maybe my brain is not female enough , or maybe if gaming is important to you then just find a girlfriend who respects that or is a gamer too ? 
  get a better gf or stop whining about your inability to communicate . 
  if you can download the car , then everybody can download the car and have a car , like for what fucking reason ( other than environmental ) would n't you do that ?? 
  * triggered *, 
  so in 1v1 aatrox vs aatrox who wins ? 
  that does n't sound right ... 
  wow i literally never ever met a person who refused to play some champ because of champ 's gender . 
  to be honest personally i do n't like playing ugly champs ( gragas urgot etc ) , but not because of gender , and they are not needed in my roles anyway . 
  how many girls playing lol do you even know ? 
  i mean seriously , can you count and give me the number ? 
  i think i met women playing all the roles , for sure there was adc , mid , top , and support . 
  i also played jungle at some point so i guess i count too . 
  that was even not so long ago : (, 
  like an enraged diglett, 
  i remember when i started playing my first champ was ryze ( 3 reworks ago ) . 
  i asked my boyfriend who was diamond at the time how to get better at the game . 
  he starts to explain that there are five roles , top does this , mid does this ... meanwhile i 'm all like `` dude i do n't care about some stupid roles i just want to become a better ryze main ??? 
  or maybe get the regular treatment . 
  in most cases it does wonders . 
  you do n't need to talk to people . 
  it 's enough to make an appointment with a psychiatrist . 
  or ask someone to do this for you . 
  proper treatment really really helps , this is the first thing you need anyway . 
  no amount of talking to someone other than therapist about how bad you feel will cure you . 
  you should really plan a withdrawal period , lowering dosage for like 2 weeks instead of just stopping taking them , this is really dangerous . 
  this is what it means : ), 
  best of luck to you man . 
  it will help you , just stick to whatever treatment they give you . 
  maybe this will help you understand how choices that depressed people can make look like . 
  vast majority of people attempting suicide tried to get help . 
  and yeah in a lot of cases money needed for the therapy is the biggest issue . 
  i do n't think they will focus leona , she seems completely fine . 
  i literally love every one of those kits besides skarner . 
  ryze when ?? 
  ( it 's a `` she '' , not important but this comment felt weird to me ), 
  i would ~ ~ kill ~ ~ get executed for svg versions of those cute murderous jungle monsters . 
  rito please !, 
  can you by any chance provide original svgs ? 
  i know it 's a lot to ask for but damn they are so great !, 
  we do n't talk about a player but about the playerbase . 
  how being armed changes if you get chosen for a target ? 
  genuine question . 
  this is correct . 
  probably client-server communication details prevent this from being easy to do . 
  you need only 6 . 
  10 are in free rotation . 
  source ? 
  thanks !, 
  there are things like zeplin and avocode that help developers work with photoshop and sketch files . 
  we are using them extensively in my workplace . 
  very good stuff . 
  it has 97 % global support . 
  yes , and supported widely . 
  - sincerely , mobile user, 
  probably platinum ii or iii . 
  too big :(, 
  why is she half naked and he is not ? 
  i demand naked faker . 
  i would say that after 2.5 years or so i just stopped caring about anything besides winning . 
  i do n't care if some kid flames me , i do n't rage because someone beat me , i just try to win , when it 's not possible try to surr . 
  i do sometimes flame people when they make really bad decisions and do n't react to advice . 
  because i want to win . 
  but is this really being an asshole ? 
  i 'm just numb and motivated . 
  if everyone was like me i would have awesome games all the time . 
  this is what league system made me . 
  on the other hand you can say stuff like `` you mispositioned '' or `` do n't gank this top anymore , you will just feed double kill a third time '' and people still will be offended . 
  i never insult people , do n't see the point , but no reason for me to overlook their mistakes either if i think that maybe some advice will make them change and improve for the rest of the game . 
  what if someone gets mad for actual reason that you can understand like bad decision making ? 
  i like everything but that about sona lol , at least she is n't half naked, 
  you know that you can use loops in scss , right ? 
  it is the hardest because you rely on your carries doing damage to right stuff/being in right places and that does n't really happen at that elo . 
  personally i recommend morgana instead of zyra , she 's way easier , still very high damage , and her shield is godsend . 
  i never noticed how smooth is the animation when you land on the ground after ulting and move some more afterwards . 
  for me lux is a worse morgana but whatever works for you . 
  thanks !, 
  well , it 's not impossible to have `` challenger-like '' mechanics on one champion that you main . 
  the difference between plat and challenger is mostly dedication and decision making . 
  this is awesome !!!, 
  well done , be proud !, 
  i 'm dreams, 
  there 's only one thing i am concerned about : does sona 's pick quote play for everyone ? 
  ( i 'm unable to check because obviously noone picks sona . ), 
  this is ... not many games, 
  well , this is just not true . 
  so i guess in your mind there is `` the real world '' where there are ethics and stuff and `` a virtual worlds '' where nothing really happens and people do n't have emotions anymore . 
  this is so 90s . 
  smurfs literally worse than int feeders confirmed . 
  yeah splitpush actually relies on your team having half a brain . 
  in bronze you are better off with teamfight or pick champ cause people tend to play either aram or wander aimlessly through unwarded jungle . 
  it 's enough to have one case to prove your thesis wrong . 
  yep for him it 's funny and for someone else it can ruin their entire evening . 
  but who cares about some stupid normies who just want to win their games amirite . 
  seriously , fuck pros for doing this shit to people . 
  i would be so mad . 
  turtle and bjerg should apologize for losing the game for their team . 
  how is this better than any random troll ?
