  why do we even need leagues below platinum then ? 
  when i talked with a group of randoms in ranked one day ( a premade which invited me to curse ) , for half an hour they assumed i 'm male ( using different way of addressing a person in my language ) . 
  yeah i got a bit lower voice but seriously ... 
  i had to explicitely say `` okay but i 'm a girl '' at one point . 
  then this a bunch of creeps started asking `` what 's your name '' `` how do you look like '' `` wow you play lol wow wow '' `` grillll wooowww '' . 
  it was terrible . 
  and i have no reason to assume my average voice chat experience would be any different . 
  `` what 's your name ? '', 
  `` how do you look like ? '', 
  `` i 'm sure you have pretty eyes '' - yeah i heard all of these . 
  dude i do n't give a fuck about you and my vaginas existence is none of your concern . 
  i 'm a player who wants to play the goddamn game . 
  shut up and play . 
  yeah because if someone attacks you for your identity , then just deny your identity !, 
  great life lesson . 
  current playerbase already deals with using written english . 
  voice chat is a new feature , not something we all signed up for when we started . 
  okay so there 's a new feature xyz which :, 
  - i wo n't use because it feels very bad for me and takes away enjoyment ( i 'd rather not play at all than use it ), 
  - some other people would enjoy using, 
  - gives advantage to people who use it so my team can demand using it, 
  - gives advantage to people who use it so i 'll be less likely to win rankeds, 
  how am i supposed to be enthusiastic about that ? 
  of course i do n't want this feature . 
  it 's changing the game entirely and in a way which will be worse for me than what exists now . 
  i wo n't force myself to enjoy something i just do n't . 
  i 'd rather leave the game . 
  i do n't really think riot will want to lose existing playerbase over voice chat . 
  it 's uncertain if it would create a better experience for those who 'd use it , and it would surely create worse experience for those who would n't ( flame , lack of pings and text comm leading to lower winrate ) . 
  why bother ? 
  then why should players who wo n't use voice chat be okay with it added to the game if in fact game would become worse for them than it is now ? 
  but sona says only i can hear her ... : ( ( (, 
  honestly it would be wonderful if you could make an exception for sona . 
  you think it 's impossible to be competitive and do n't want to talk to strangers on voice chat at the same time ? 
  i still want it, 
  rock -- paper -- scissors is better than 18 types ? 
  `` going afk will , 100 % of the time decrease your team 's chances of winning significantly '', 
  well , not really . 
  if you only walk around and feed , take lasthits , buy no items , do n't ever do dmg to enemies , assist them in chat , or tilt teammates on purpose , you are actually increasing your team 's chances if you afk and `` stop existing '' at all . 
  op and his/her team would be much better off with morgana going afk straight away than morgana trolling him and causing him to leave . 
  what 's the purpose of playing if the game is already rigged and you ca n't win ? 
  in a case like this i would n't afk probably , but i 'd go afk farming , feeding `` accidentally '' , baiting teamfights in my base or not giving a fuck in some other way which would make winning easier for enemy team . 
  nobody would even notice probably because there 's already a reason we lose the game . 
  so how exactly is that better than just afking ? 
  please explain how can you `` mute '' someone who is assisting enemies ? 
  as a person who played about 1000 games on support , but very few on morgana ( and also a couple hundreds on adc ) , please do n't get mad on your supports for touching your minions , i often try to help with wave manipulation and mess it up in some way , it 's hard to coordinate . 
  i know that it 's sometimes a lot easier when nobody interrupts and definitely morgana w under turret is a dumb thing to cast . 
  but maybe she wanted to fast push this wave off the turret . 
  maybe she had a * reason * . 
  even if she turned out to be an overall terrible player , i just want to say that often supports try to help in a way that has some thought behind it but adcs do n't seem to get it . 
  it 's rare to win 4v5 with an afk , but almost impossible to win 4v5 when that one person is not only missing , but assisting enemy . 
  you would have to be a smurf and have a huge advantage from the beginning of the game to win something like that . 
  okay sure , i understand that in your case it was just completely dumb thing to do and you did n't say anything wrong really . 
  just wanted to explain that it 's not always the case . 
  woohoo capitalism, 
  if i were a rural player , right now i would just go and uninstall . 
  and i guess running out of pokeballs all the time so you ca n't even catch these pidgeys and weedles anymore is an a-class adventure . 
  a friend of my boyfriend had similar story . 
  about 25 years old . 
  on the hook for some girl for a few years . 
  she was with other guys most of this time . 
  then suddenly , somewhat drunk , he lost his virginity with a random friend who was sleeping in the same room after a little party or something like this . 
  few days later , he demanded from the `` girl of his dreams '' to dump her boyfriend or else he stops talking to her . 
  and she did . 
  and they moved in together . 
  and they are now engaged . 
  and it still feels somehow wrong to me . 
  they seem happy . 
  but this is awkward . 
  although i do n't know , my story is a little weird as well , maybe i should n't judge . 
  okay . 
  i was 20 , in a relationship and living with a guy who i knew for a very long time but we were n't really well-matched . 
  started talking to my current boyfriend who i knew from an internet forum and we fell in love instantly just talking over the internet . 
  i left the previous guy . 
  then it turned out the guy i love is not only obese and a baptist which i knew before ( and it was weird for me already ) but also severely depressed and emotionally injured by his dysfunctional family . 
  he decided not to talk to me to `` spare me the torment of being with him '' , to `` leave me for my own good '' . 
  we spent a month being the most miserable humans on earth . 
  then finally met and i convinced him that being together would n't be that much of a tragedy . 
  then it all got weirder . 
  fast forward 3 years - meanwhile he tried to leave me one more time , tried to suicide , his family got even worse somehow , we both went to therapies - and here we are . 
  we live together , i earn money , he ca n't find a job , ca n't find a therapist and complains a lot about himself being an useless loser etc. 
  and yet we love each other and we have fun together . 
  we struggle , we mature and learn each other and grow . 
  i know for sure that it 's too easy to judge people and their choices , because i know i 'm being judged every day , by friends and family , by strangers , people who ca n't understand what love is about ( for me ) . 
  actually i think it 's more worth to level up defenders . 
  with attacker you can always get away with that 200cp less if you are good at dodging and have a decent team , and attacking is very easy anyway . 
  with defender you want as much cp as possible to sit at the top of the gym , and also to kick asses of anyone trying to beat it , so the poke stays in the gym for a few days and gets you more coins and dust . 
  i do n't even have a pidgey over 80 % and i caught like a couple hundreds of them . 
  does yours come from an egg ? 
  seriously , i want to have a good pidgeot so badly , this bug is driving me crazy . 
  there 's really no need to do this , as some of us possess a magic power of using maths . 
  also defending pokemon gets 2 * hp bonus so it will obviously always win even at 0 % iv vs 100 % iv . 
  the calculations are for ( future ) pvp and for comparing pokemon you own , not for gym scenarios . 
  and also , maybe more importantly , iv effectiveness does n't scale with level . 
  meaning that on every pokemon level it will have exactly the same `` value '' in comparison to identical pokemon with different iv . 
  gyardos has his own niche - attacker countering dragonite . 
  honestly i thing stab moves would ruin him because he would become just a 1000 times harder to get version of vaporeon . 
  i guess you 're right : (, 
  this is the reason . 
  games are long so you waste much more time when you lose and it 's harder to recover your elo .
