  * damage, 
  * engage, 
  * utility ( movement , buffs , heals , shields ), 
  * tank, 
  every support champ does a mix of those . 
  for example janna is mostly about peel and utility . 
  pick a playstyle you like the most and stick to it initially . 
  you do n't have to play tanks or engagers at all if you do n't want to . 
  decision making is way more important than your choice of a champion . 
  it 's fine then . 
  some jannas i see in low gold spam tornadoes in lane . 
  it makes 0 damage and is just a waste of mana . 
  janna is easy to learn with because with her ms passive and cc she can ward dangerous areas very safely . 
  if you like her you can stick with her until you learn more about support mindset . 
  personally i would n't recommend thresh and zyra . 
  they are really hard as champions and learning them is a huge commitment even when you actually can play support role already . 
  i mean if you play them a few times and love them then sure , go for it , but as a secondary pick i would go for something like morgana , annie , leona , braum . 
  more straightforward and less space for mistakes , and still really fun to play . 
  ( also zyra recently is just broken and will get some nerfs in the future for sure . ), 
  i do n't know , i do n't play her . 
  she seems wayyy more aggressive while janna is rather passive . 
  but she seems okay . 
  also sona is something in between , maybe you would like her . 
  i want to create eune club . 
  / u/lordfluffyjr , i dropped you a pm . 
  well op states a club for eune is up , but he/she did n't answer to my pm so it 's not made by me . 
  you should be as well !, 
  bard . 
  he has problems in lane only with very heavy , long range poke . 
  not many dmg mages get played on botlane these days , besides morgana and zyra . 
  so you are saying the counter to bard is to play vs a very bad bard ? 
  lol , right . 
  somehow i always assume `` people from lol reddit '' are all from na . 
  dude , no . 
  just no . 
  seriously . 
  yeah good luck with using little humans as phones . 
  this is the time i really wish i was native . 
  i could create such beautiful comments on reddit : (, 
  i 'm the nostalgia critic , i remember it so you do n't have to . 
  i would just throw it away and pretend it was never there . 
  sure i can reinstall whole system . 
  it would take me a good few hours to configure everything though and i was looking for simpler solution . 
  i live in poland bro . 
  if you told my colleagues from university you develop non-microsoft software on windows they would kill you with laughter . 
  i know because i told them . 
  but i am now reverted . 
  it 's not . 
  google translate can read it for you pretty accurately : https://translate.google.pl/#pl/en/chrz%c4%85szczyrzeboszyce, 
  wtf dude , poland was super multicultural through the most of its history . 
  read a book . 
  yeah but sometimes ball travels long distances for like 2s . 
  making orianna unable to cast any of her spells for so long time seems unfair . 
  karthus was napstablook . 
  for sans they should have used teemo . 
  yes it does . 
  i just wanted to know if anybody has similar issues . 
  bulbapedia 4lyfe < 3, 
  is the form unavailable because you already found your candidats or for some other reason ? 
  i literally just turned my phone off and on and magically the app started working fine . 
  i managed to run it for like 20-30 minutes before it lost gps signal , then just relauched . 
  no idea what happened . 
  this is sick . 
  well done m8 . 
  you can turn on `` battery saving '' in app settings . 
  then turn the phone upside down , screen goes black , but you will be still noticed with vibration about pokemon and gyms you walk by , and eggs will count your distance . 
  at least i was told so . 
  i have n't tried it because my potato phone crashes the app all the time and i do n't actually mind battery drain ( powerbank ftw ) . 
  edit : just tried it , and turning my phone did absolutely nothing . 
  i guess it 's wrong instruction or some bug . 
  i assure you that the sona has a fuckton of fun in this lane . 
  just instead of single bigplays there is a million of microplays , aka pokes . 
  i feel like athenes and lich bane -  tank will be enough . 
  sorry but blitzcrank will be banned every time i have a ban . 
  yeah , this wild no waveclear and mana draining spells with half the efficiency . 
  maybe from your point of view . 
  i love aggressive laning as sona and definitely do n't feel like i 'm sitting back and doing nothing ( aka soraka ) . 
  and also , interesting things happen around you all the time on map , if you do n't like this lane just go roam mid or jungle ( if you play thresh ) . 
  i do n't know if you still read answers . 
  i can only hope . 
  honestly i 'm really disappointed with this sub . 
  today we got an update for android version , yesterday for ios . 
  i go to the sub to see how new versions work for people and are they actually more stable . 
  all i see is shitposts . 
  i go to reddit for community-driven knowledge . 
  if i wanted to see what is on today 's frontpage , i 'd google `` pokemongo 9gag '' . 
  this is unacceptable for me and if it lasts longer i 'll just unsubscribe . 
  on / r/leagueoflegends for example , with strict moderation , every single post on frontpage is interesting and a place for discussion - there are esport news , gameplay tips , big plays videos , montages , patch notes and game updates , with very occasional and really funny shit-textposts . 
  / r/pokemongo looks really boring in comparison . 
  i know that you guys are new to this stuff . 
  this is just my two cents from a person that spent over 2 years on almost exclusively one subreddit , talking about one game . 
  there is a lot of stuff to talk about in this game and its gameplay , especially now because we do n't know a lot for sure . 
  but it seems this sub is not a good place to talk . 
  that 's super sad . 
  lol . 
  one of my real life rats weights 0.6 kg . 
  you have just a slightly oversized fire rat . 
  i laughed harder than i should . 
  40g is about a weight of a sparrow . 
  this is awesome .
