  i do n't think i 'm necessarily a diamond material , but assuming that i would be able to climb to gold i if i played more rankeds is not unreasonable . 
  in your analogy : i do get good grades , if i show up at the exam at all . 
  if you think it would suddenly become a-ok if he was attractive , you are reaaaalll wrong . 
  all i know is if some random person decided to ask me out by giving me a huge rubix cube portrait of me , i would be kinda freaked out . 
  you would n't ? 
  in my head it goes like `` oh my god random dude is obsessed with me what do i do ? 
  what if he 's obsessed enough to hurt me if i refuse to go out with him ? '' . 
  i 'm glad it turned out that the guy from the photo was actually cool , but at a first glance i would be probably terrified by something like this . 
  whoa dude . 
  i do n't know . 
  i assumed they barely knew each other . 
  for me `` random dude '' might be an acquientance as well . 
  i said that i do n't have the time , not that i do n't try hard . 
  wow , you posted to cmv and people do n't agree with you ? 
  unbelievable . 
  it 's not even about being attractive , it 's about making sure that the person likes you before you do something weird for them . 
  not only attractive people are being liked . 
  one thing i 'd like to add to your argument - even if we treat animals like enslaved aliens ( assuming we have 0 in common with them and no idea what makes them happy - which is not really true ) , we do n't know if in their alien society being enslaved/property is a bad thing ( making you unhappy , therefore unethical ) . 
  animals that live in groups usually dominate each other and fight with each other within a group . 
  being dominated and fighting is all natural for them . 
  so if you psychologically/physically dominated them they would n't mind . 
  ( and dogs do n't seem to mind . ), 
  same thing goes for being slave/property . 
  maybe if animals/aliens were smart enough to create a concept of owning another member of their own species , it would turn out that being slave is natural and a-ok for them and does n't make them unhappy in the slightest . 
  assuming they are truly alien and we do n't have a way to determine that , it 's perfectly possible to our usual pets to be like this . 
  there 's a lot of sf literature that shows alien communities in which being `` free '' means actually being distressed or even dead . 
  heck , even some house elves in hp series show extreme stress when they stop being slaves . 
  if that were the case for pets , not wanting to own and enslave them would actually mean not caring about their happiness . 
   why is it disgusting that a business is trying to maximize profit if enough players are willing to pay for it ? 
  it 's like you said `` why is this disgusting that a killer for hire is trying to maximize profit if his customers pay enough '' ? 
  it 's like , no logic here : the fact that someone makes money off something does n't suddenly make it right . 
   but we look at disgust at female genital mutilation, 
  well , i think it 's partially because it 's actually crippling , unlike male circumcision which is usually just inconvenient ( besides cases when something goes wrong , like for the guy you mentioned , or in places where health care is insufficient ) . 
  of course i agree that neither should happen to children that have no choice in the matter . 
  my point was n't really `` men do n't need to have their situation improved , everything is perfect for them '' . 
  i agree that there are many inequalities that make men 's lives harder , and it 's all right to want to change that . 
  what i do n't think is all right is talking about men 's problems while undermining efforts to improve women 's situation ( and vice versa ) . 
  honestly , most feminists i 've seen in my life are egalitarian in the sense that they actually care very much about all minorities and inequalities . 
  i think terfs or people like racist feminists are abominations . 
  so you are basically denying that there is any problem to solve , do i get that right ? 
   if you associate characteristics with a group , then the group that you associate it with , should by definition - carry those characteristics . 
  an example : `` americans are racist . '', 
  american does n't neccessitate racism , therefore that statement has no merit . 
  `` racist americans are racist '' . 
  that statement is entirely true , because the correct defintions are being used . 
  this is not `` by definition '' , this is pleonasm . 
  i understand that people who have been personally hurt by someone who calls themself a feminist , or a `` feminist law '' ( ??? ), 
  may resent all feminists . 
  but that does n't change my judgement of their actions . 
  edit : i went to / r/mensrights , all their top links are about how some women are awful ( i mean single random women ) and feminists are stupid . 
  first positive post ( that supports men instead of belittling women ) is 16th . 
  it 's not . 
  you can also gather a room full of racist people and say `` people in this room are racist '' . 
  here , you have n't used the word `` racist '' , and `` this room '' does n't make people racist , so the statement is not automatically right by any definition - but you are still correct . 
  ( of course , i do n't think 100 % of americans are racist , not sure why are we here . ), 
  no , it 's perfectly fine !, 
   watch a male circumsion from a hospital then image the damage that could be done with a sharp rock and no medical training . 
  i know you most likely do n't have a penis but please try to sympathize with those male children also . 
  of course i can sympathize . 
  my boyfriend had to be circumcised a few years ago due to some medical issues , it certainly was n't pleasant for him . 
   the reality is a woman in today 's society are privileged in their existence . 
  i have not come here to discuss feminism . 
  i do n't agree with your statement though : not being the first line in war does n't somehow override being mistreated in everyday life . 
  both are issues and both should be solved . 
  let 's leave it at this . 
   we do n't need feminist or mra or whatever we need compassion for humankind . 
  freedom not for women because they are women but freedom for all because we are all mankind regardless of phenotype and sexual organs . 
  that i can support , but i do n't know how is that related to op . 
  so what you 're saying is : either feminism and egalitarianism both are clubs that have some hateful and crazy members , or neither of them is a club , but just an idea that should be judged by itself . 
  i can agree with that . 
  i 'm speaking about just doing good stuff for both cases : for example , supporting men who are raped , and supporting women who are raped - not only by saying `` i support all people who are raped '' , but also acknowledging that these issues are in fact two different problems in our society . 
  one is men being perceived as weak when they are assaulted , another is women being perceived as not trustworthy and responsible for the assault itself . 
  some of women 's issues and men 's issues are different from each other . 
  it makes no sense to put them all under one big label `` human issues '' when they in fact need different approach and solutions . 
  well , i disagree . 
  feminism that i experienced is trustworthy and not hateful by any means . 
  note that i do n't live in us and my perception of feminism may be really different . 
  i mean , i think most people can relate with care for humankind ... just sometimes do n't agree about means of this caretaking . 
  i mean , `` a feminist hurt me '' is an explanation why somebody hates feminists . 
  if they do harmful things because of this , having this reason does n't justify them . 
  there is one issue i have with `` equal rights but no priviledges '' approach . 
  i think it 's safe to say that the law system that we currently have is written and invented by men and not women . 
  men are majority of people who have power in the world , and by a huge margin . 
  women literally could n't vote less than 100 years ago . 
  therefore it is possible that laws are in place mainly to respond to male needs and problems . 
  it is possible that for some of female needs , there are no sufficient laws in place yet . 
  making things equal in this case would mean : both genders do n't have the law in place . 
  but only one of them needs this law , how is that equality to deny someone something that the other person does n't even need ? 
  for example , if someone needs a heart surgery , equality should n't mean that everyone gets a heart surgery or noone does . 
  it should mean : everyone has the right to have * sufficient * healthcare . 
  for equality of rights : everyone should have * sufficient * laws protecting them ( while not harming others ) . 
  therefore making the laws egalitarian would actually mean saying : `` hey women , we have n't talked for a couple hundred years , maybe come and talk about what 's really important to you ? 
  are the laws fine ? 
  what do you think about them ? 
  do you want to write something new here ? '' . 
  if women are ok with laws proposed by men then it 's fine . 
  if they want to change something , we need to discuss that . 
  it 's not about priviledges , just a right to have a saying in how 's the world shaped . 
  i do n't think somebody is proposing some laws to be applied only to one specific gender ( which actually would mean priviledge ) . 
  uh ... do n't assume i 'm from us .
