  this guy gets it : ), 
  i believed i saw some regi comment about this but i 'm unable to find it now . 
  maybe i was wrong . 
  anyway i think that this is still a fair assumption . 
  why would you want to deal with a girl in your gaming house , tension between teenagers , very possible affairs , potentially working on whole different kind of psychological support for her , and all the drama around `` the girl gamer '' - when you can just , you know , not . 
  stick to what you know . 
  those guys are businessmen after all . 
  they do n't look for trouble when they do n't really have to . 
  let 's say we have two players who have both the same rank , gold 3 for example . 
  they are same gender , same age , same iq , same grades in school , same motivation , same characters even , whatever . 
  there are only 3 differences between them . 
  player one can play 5-10 games a day , has 200 fps and 40 ping . 
  player two can play 1-2 games a day , has 30 fps and 150 ping . 
  they both `` perform '' the same in terms of ranks . 
  but we somehow can feel that maybe player two is more talented/plays better if he/she got to this rank under worse circumstances . 
  it 's proven that women and men in society are not treated equal . 
  different wages , different attitude , different environments , education , expectations , possibilities . 
  it 's not impossible to think that when you sum up all the differences women have it better ( altough imo that 's very dumb thing to believe ) , but to think that the differences actually completely do n't exist would be foolish and plain wrong . 
  there are many many studies regarding this . 
  some people believe that women are just those players with super bad ping who are expected to perform the same as the players with better possibilities . 
  as illustrated on this parody picture : https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/600/1*zjfyz2yplvhhluzdmdb9ww.jpeg, 
  it 's absolutely clear to me that in terms of lol community women who dare to say they are women and not hide are treated a lot worse than men . 
  there are plenty of examples and experiences from both men and women regarding this issue . 
  so overall ... do women perform worse . 
  i do n't know . 
  i believe they perform exactly the same , but in worse circumstances they get worse results . 
  and of course social circumstances are more abstract than hard numbers like ping . 
  but they are definitely not nonimportant . 
  overall lol is a team game demanding you to be social and deal with all kinds of crap the society has for you . 
  women just have even more crap to deal with . 
  maybe it 's not about genitals but stupid things like experience and knowledge ? 
  still , adjusting to a korean is common . 
  adjusting to a girl is not . 
  this is a whole new kind of problems . 
  and for a mediocre payoff . 
  i agree it 's a nice pr move but it can still backfire . 
  i know i would n't want this for my team for business reasons . 
  of course i would want it for being nice to the world reasons . 
  but not while thinking about money and effectiveness . 
  so like those things ceos have to think about all the time . 
  is there any player who does n't live in a gaming house ? 
  genuinely curious as i do n't know that but i believe no team would want to contract such a player . 
  except i am a woman and i have a profession ? ... 
  i 've given examples of issues i think would happen in my previous comments and wo n't repeat myself . 
  good point , i have n't thought about it this way . 
  : ) but still , remember that lcs players ' job is more than playing the game . 
  it 's also living with the team , being `` friends '' , spending a lot of time with the same people , and working on attitude . 
  this job has a lot to do with personality and social skills . 
  i believe current trend is to try to get players playing worse but with better personality , not better soloq players but with shitty attitude . 
  ok i 'll try to watch when i have some time , thanks . 
  no , this is not true . 
  i believe all people * should * have equal opportunities . 
  i just do n't believe businessmen , focused on financial issues , are * willing to * provide them unless it makes economical sense . 
  yeah ofc when you do n't have a gaming house you ca n't demand your players to live in one . 
  i was convinced it 's rather obvious . 
  do we talk about everyday life or lcs teams coz i am not sure , i thought it 's a thread about lcs . 
  lol . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's plain rude to tell to some group of people what they `` should do '' with their problem when you are not even part of this group . 
  maybe they are smart enough to do what they think is best for them . 
  maybe they know some things you do n't because you were never a member and you had never a chance to understand how it is to be one . 
  maybe you should listen to them first and then give advice - if they want you to . 
  it has completely nothing to do with genitals or lcs ... just common sense and politeness . 
  ok what i get from your answer is that we generally agree that :, 
   no team would want to contract such a player . 
  well it 's not about single player-player interactions , but whole team dynamic . 
  i think otherwise but ok . 
  you misunderstood ; personally , i would probably hire the shit out of them . 
  but i have no desire to run business and earn money and i would probably go bankrupt before my org had the chance to compete in lcs so there 's that . 
  i get your point , it 's not fair that someone has something better only because of their gender . 
  would you prefer to be born a woman though ? 
  do you think female league makes up for things women in lol community have to deal with ? 
  and in life generally ? 
  if yes i get your anger that you had n't had a chance to be paid as a plat player , but if no then maybe reconsider your grudge . 
  yeah sure it 's possible to do but it sounds just uncomfortable ... 
  what 's your point . 
  shut your mouth . 
  does n't blitz q + e + r last about 4 seconds ? 
  no you just encourage him, 
  confirmed working, 
  he is just shy ok, 
  what is happening here, 
  seriously . 
  this happened to me too many times : |, 
  well ... nami bubble wo n't hit an entire team probably . 
  and `` 2-4 seconds '' in ult are about slow . 
  but sure , whatever works for you . 
  yeah seriously , who could have figured out something like this . 
  honestly this looks disgusting : o, 
  with ult cdr her q cooldown will be roughly the same as live by level 6 , but with lower damage . 
  with tear instead of sheen you will scale better to lategame , but seriously ... what lategame ? 
  sona is not a late champ , her kit does n't do anything other than million speedups and ult by then . 
  luden 's echo or iceborn instead of lb could help with waveclear mid/late game though . 
  but it 's way too late to have real impact by then . 
  she has one damaging basic spell . 
  other two of her spells need a second person around to be even worth casting ( in terms of mana/cd efficiency ) . 
  her numbers would need to be completely broken to allow her go mid . 
  more like removing her power curve . 
  she excels in short range poke which is usable only early . 
  her q + aa is a death threat for her in actual teamfights because she is a squishy who has to come close to enemies to poke . 
  things like lux , xerath or ziggs have huge ranges for a reason .
