  just because we wo n't , does n't mean it wo n't happen !, 
  same, 
  yes, 
  but ... why, 
  we 're gon na need the math for that . 
  literally unusable . 
  it 's not about being a dick , for modern frameworks it 's just not possible . 
  make better text to speech programs . 
  how big was doom ? 
  i sometimes feel like people here would upvote literally everything . 
  bro do you even develop . 
  thanks bro , have one as well , merry christmas !, 
  so how am i a dick exactly for making highly interactive webapps which would feel horrible and unusable for their users if developed without js ? 
  how is it fair for blind people to assume that only part of the web accessible to them should be the part that is absolutely , totally static ? 
  how can you make a shitty reader like that and be happy with yourself ? 
  js was always the part of internet experience , now is more than ever . 
  readers that ca n't comprehend that are not worth anybody 's - developers or disabled users - time . 
  also ori , the autos passive really helps . 
  this would be so pretty but oversized boobs ruin it : (, 
  i mean , this is a zoning item , you outplay it exactly like every other zoning ability : positioning . 
  and then they will want to marry dogs and toasters, 
  sightstone does n't have cooldown ; ), 
  plz stop, 
  at least he 's not firefighting, 
  but some of them have a dash !, 
  this is completely enough to stay on top of you all the time without any humanly possible way to prevent that !, 
  \\  pick a role that is weak in lane , but godly lategame, 
  \\  complain that you are weak in lane, 
  dude should n't you just switch role ? 
  uhhh but rek ` sai has nothing to do in teamfights , her only cc is on very long cooldown , no survivability increasing abilities , in teamfight she 's like an even worse udyr, 
   reksai can practically one shot the back line just with titanic and deadmans . 
  this is called getting picks , not teamfighting . 
  you basically did n't say anything that would prove that rek ` sai is good in teamfights . 
  she 's good for initiation , sure . 
  but not for fights longer than 5s . 
  that 's all . 
  yes because we all gathered here to solve your personal problems , not to talk about a bunch of people on whom behalf you seem to speak , so it 's impossible to understand advice for `` you '' figuratively . 
  i mean , people literally complain that champs/roles designed to 1v1 can have better 1v1 than champs/role designed to never go 1v1 . 
  i dare you to win * a * ranked game at your elo using only her e. 
  yeah , exactly , like a half year ago nobody would use this word lol . 
  support main , i tried to play all the different supports in the last 2 years until i finally realized there 's no point to pick anything other than janna . 
  now i blind pick her every game and i do n't even like her at all . 
  i mean , as a support i 'm more than happy not having to protect some sad wet noodle from being buttfucked by the jungler for 20 minutes every game . 
  ohmwrecker is heavily overpriced already . 
  for 650 combination cost gold you get :, 
  * 100 hp ( 200 gold ), 
  * 10 armor ( 200 gold ), 
  * pretty much useless active on long cd ( worth 175 gold apparently ) . 
  compare to the closest item in terms of build , spirit visage ( also builds from kindlegem and advanced-resist-item ) . 
  for 800 gold you get :, 
  * 50 hp ( 100 gold ), 
  * 25 mr ( 450 gold ), 
  * lose spectre 's cowl passive ( if you had it up all the time , -450 gold , more likely about -150 gold ), 
  * awesome sv passive ( worth from 100 to -200 gold apparently ) . 
  this means for ohmwrecker you pay full price for additional stats and +175 gold for the active , while for sv you pay 200 gold less for stats than they are worth and get the passive for free . 
  recently i 'd prefer supporting yasuo than supporting any adc . 
  actually , i 'd prefer supporting anything than supporting any adc . 
  so ... 3 times for the game duration ? 
  breaking news : american scientists discovered that most people like having free stuff . 
  you can literally buy mana -  rape keyboard below lvl 30 and do just fine . 
  what is this adc role you are talking about ? 
  i thought we have support , jungle , toplaner , midlaner and botlaner . 
  i would say both picks are equally important . 
  difference in adc range makes difference in adc positioning . 
  skills like cait or jhin traps make for safety from ganks . 
  some adcs enable all in at lvl3 , some adcs will be hard to all in on . 
  etc etc , what i want to say is even if adcs do n't usually do much in lane , it 's still a lane supposed to be played around them . 
  they did n't . 
  there are 3 lanes and jungle as four main sources of income . 
  so it 's obvious that you will always want 3 laners and a jungler . 
  support is not attached to any source of income and only leeches from other sources , so they may go anywhere where it works - a lane or jungle or river or anything . 
  now it 's most effective to have support in botlane where there 's squishy carry and dragon close to it . 
  but nobody says that some time in the future some other place wo n't be better for supports . 
  you can repost after sometime . 
  let me guide you, 
  actually , it 's not optional, 
  the hair . 
  what . 
  the . 
  yes this sounds like a reasonable strategy for ranked / s, 
  i like how the guy from the singed 's version of vitruvian man is drawn backside . 
  it 's like they went `` let 's do vitruvian man it 's cool !, 
  oh crap he has a penis visible damn it ... okay backside vitruvian man it is '', 
  hey this is a nice interpretation . 
  i would go 50/50 penis/imperfection way . 
  ohhh !, 
  i totally missed that . 
  also perfect caster reactions . 
  #he 's killin em all !, 
  it makes no sense to me , they would be super inferior in terms of skill and knowledge for a long time anyway . 
  easier to find people who are at your elo already . 
  she actually died from a massive bloodloss , like 10 liters of both her and transfused blood were involved ... https://www.wikiwand.com/en/murder_of_selena, 
  no man do n't you understand that people who have money to pay for games are smarter than people who do n't . 
  yup . 
  basically this . 
  you dropped ... wait, 
  but you know we still have nerves more than 1cm under the skin deep ... 
  you do n't buy ruby for vision . 
  you buy it for passive . 
  eye items are better than finished supp items , ruby is better than eye items .
