  if it 's just a game , he can go and play some other game . 
  risk to lol society is getting some more poor people 's games ruined by raging and inting . 
  this is pretty serious issue in this society . 
  also you do n't understand that t1 sets example for his followers by his toxic persona . 
  unbanning him after such a short period of time makes it seem like what he 's been doing was not that serious . 
  but you know lcs is basically a huge marketing expense that is not even supposed to bring direct profits from viewership , right ? 
  i do n't actually care if it 's `` the real tyler '' or `` persona tyler '' there , this is the person who streams , and for me his behavior is disgusting and lowers my entertainment level to -10 / 10 . 
  because you get life sentence for drug possesion ? 
  year is a short period of time . 
  so lee sin , riven , yasuo ? 
  oh my god , rip poor fish : (, 
  how is that possible that not all fish in ponds are eaten then ? 
  do people guard them all night or something ? 
  til goldfish are water rats . 
  thicc if not a trick, 
  stop, 
  i mean my boyfriend is long term mentally ill but there 's no sexual abuse in his history . 
  i think it 's not all the cases , although a lot of them probably . 
  this is a joke . 
  css surely as fuck is the technology of the future . 
  html , css and js will outlive literally everything as long as the internet exists . 
  hahahahah maybe in your mind html and js are dead too ? 
  thank you for linking this here . 
  i would never find out otherwise . 
  this is complete bullshit and disgrace . 
  i 'm fucking outraged and i hope people will get to know and protest that soon . 
  js is here for you \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  then they will not be native anymore ... 
  this is fucking great . 
  awesome job . 
  ( the total number of subreddits does n't work though , just something i noticed . ), 
  i love you , / u/azir _ the_emperor !, 
  what ??? 
  oh my god til . 
  thanks . 
  if you style a button or a link with : hover ( some specific or any properties , i do n't remember ) , on some ( most ) mobile devices the first tap on the element will trigger ` hover ` , and only the second will trigger ` click ` . 
  this becomes a usability issue when you actually want to have : hover styles on buttons . 
   if you have an xy chromosome then you are a man in the eyes of science and to believe otherwise would be an illusion in my opinion, 
  this is entirely not true . 
  actually what 's more important is the type of your gonads and gamets . 
  and there are multiple different kariotypes ( sets of chromosomes ) that produce humans with various sets of gonads , various genitals and looks . 
  you can read up about these genetical diseases :, 
  of course most trans people will have a normal set of chromosomes . 
  i just wanted to let you know that sometimes even science/biology is n't 100 % sure which gender the person `` should '' be assigned to . 
  i edited my comment , obviously they are typically genetically `` normal '' , otherwise it would be easy to state that being trans is caused by some incorrectly developed part of your body , and that 's not true as far as we currently know ( if you do n't count the brain ) . 
  also i hope you know what are gonads and gamets ( testicles/ovaries , sperm/egg cells ), 
  all i mean to point out is that biology does n't do a perfect clean divide here with 100 % of the people having perfectly assigned sex . 
  if our bodies can fuck up and develop in a weird way in some cases , there 's no reason to assume that our brains will be always developed well and always aligned to gamets . 
  so it actually makes sense to me that `` male brain '' can be developed in `` female body '' , if you assume that there is a part of brain that somehow `` knows '' what gender it is ( and why would n't there be ? ) . 
  so yeah , for me transsexualism can be thought of as a mental ( brain-affecting ) genetic disease causing great distress and unhappiness . 
  we should only be grateful that it 's fairly easy to treat at least most of its effects . 
  it 's like , if for example you can cure down syndrome or autism by cutting some part of person 's body , why the hell would n't you just do that ? 
  my life is complete . 
  your fallacy is to assume that if someone is unemployed that means they are unproductive from society 's point of view . 
  this is not true . 
  unemployed person that lives off public assistance can be more useful to society than employed person who earns $ 3.50 . 
  this is simply because you can do work that nobody will pay you for but it is valuable . 
  for example unemployed people can tend to their children . 
  it 's better for society to have 3 children who live in poverty but have their parent with them vs have 3 children who live in poverty , their parent is away for 14 hours every day , and you have to find some place for children to stay in . 
  unemployed people can also learn , help others , and do number of other things . 
  unemployed people usually do n't just sit and do nothing , most of them fights for a better future for themselves . 
  and vice versa , if you are employed for 3.50 , chances are your job is absolutely stupid and pointless , and the only reason it exists is because it 's cheaper to have you instead of a robot . 
  my point in short : work 's value is n't measured by what employers are willing to pay you . 
  work can have value to society even when nobody pays , and it can be worthless even when you get paid . 
  i can pay you $ 50 an hour for sitting in one place and staring at a wall because i wish so . 
  that does n't matter this is better for society than you actually doing some reasonable stuff , but without any payment . 
  her feathers move sooooo satisfying . 
  well done guys . 
  happy little accidents, 
  what do you like the most about teemo ? 
  it 's miss actually . 
  i like the way you are . 
  holy, 
   he has no part in balancing at all . 
  which part you do n't understand ? 
  design is about making cool stuff , balance is about making cool stuff work . 
  anyway you can see that the guy barely plays at all , which makes a ton of sense . 
  when you design something to be used by other people actually you should not perceive yourself as the end user . 
  do a test on 100 people and analyze their surveys instead . 
  it would be a joke if they spent time on playing games when they have people to play them out for them . 
  sorry man , did n't mean to be so harsh . 
  you can leave in champ select too ? ... 
  lol . 
  i loved you in these threads , sion mains . 
  now rest in pea ... waaaiit nooo arghghghghhghdsdfdserfd, 
  nami does n't do nearly as much damage to kill anyone before she gets ap . 
  and she has to build mana first . 
  if you fed the nami already to a point she can build ap , do n't complain she 's stronger than you now lol, 
  i would give enemy team a kill to get minion blocked by him again : (, 
  nami level 9 :, 
  * 3 points q , 4 points w , 1 point e , 1 point r, 
  * 15 ap from runes , 60 ap from fqc = 75 ap, 
  full combo does 185 + 155 + 75 + 150 + 2.0 * ap = 715 magic damage and 3 * 72 = 216 physical damage . 
  at level 9 ashe has 1060 hp , 44 armor and 33 mr. 
  which makes it 537 magical damage and 150 physical damage after reduction = 687 total damage . 
  even counting in hybrid pen from runes and additional damage from masteries like greenfather 's and thunderlord 's , there is still no way for nami with fqc to oneshot anyone . 
  you did it wrong !!!!!!, 
  no but honestly no idea what 's wrong here lol . 
  have you tried restarting the client and everything ? 
  lol , my bad , sorry , i do n't play a lot of nami .
