  react is not a framework , react is a library . 
  yup . 
  react is not a framework . 
  angular or ember are frameworks . 
  please stop calling libraries frameworks . 
  if you want persisting information , you save it on backend or local storage . 
  if you do n't want it , you can use frontend state . 
  i still do n't understand how using an spa has anything to do with the decision you made not to save data on backend ? 
  i was talking about recently written , not ancient stuff that you listed . 
  just a few examples of enterprise level apps written in js and html :, 
  * [ client for league of legends ] ( https://engineering.riotgames.com/news/architecture-league-client-update ) -, 
  biggest game in the world , 100 million monthly playerbase, 
  * [ slack ] ( https://slack.com/ ) - 5.8 million weekly users, 
  * [ discord ] ( https://discordapp.com/ ) - 9 million daily active users, 
  * vs code and atom - probably a 2-3 million userbase combined , judging from atom data and [ so survey ] ( https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2017#technology-most-popular-developer-environments-by-occupation ), 
  these numbers will grow . 
  those are not frameworks ... 
  insta . 
  buy . 
  i 'm so going to use `` western china '' from now on . 
  lol . 
  this is awesome . 
  it annoys me that when i scroll down it leaves this huge preview in the topbar that is impossible to get rid of . 
  it did n't work for me ... 
  but now it does ... hmmmm . 
  weird . 
  nothing he would n't sign up for tho ? 
  and if she would you 'd actually want that ? 
  i would consider ember a very serious contender , at least for some solutions . 
  i mean , half of pros have mental health issues . 
  turns out playing an online game all the time as a teen and getting public attention as a young adult in a very competitive environment is not healthy for you . 
  that 's still not a reason to be an asshole about it though . 
  ehhh , depends . 
  when people get emotional , being prepared helps to communicate what you actually wanted to say , not what your emotions are telling you to . 
  this is not faking . 
  i 'm not a researcher . 
  i do n't think currently anyone has hard data on pros ' overall mental health . 
  we can only observe and analyze what they say and do . 
  i mained support for 3 years and only recently started spamming anivia and zyra on mid . 
  there is no more pleasing sound than the `` cling ding pling ! '', 
  while collecting gold from three waves of minions all at once . 
  it 's me !, 
  i was hiding !!, 
  but my miiiiiind, 
  i just play normals , build recommended stuff and not give a fuck bro . 
  sorry i ca n't assist you . 
  waveclear is indeed awkward , but doable . 
  i go ew -  reposition -  qw -  reposition -  e , with autos when needed . 
  i do n't know if that 's correct tho . 
  wait , i think we got that wrong, 
  i was like `` noooo ... do n't dissolve ! '', 
  does anyone fully comprehend this though ? 
  mister glyphman , bring me a dream, 
  thanks , this is great , gon na use this from now on . 
  the matrix is glitching . 
  do n't look . 
  i think if you attempted to navigate inside this building you 'd easily come to the conclusion that it 's in fact crappy design . 
  as a fresh inexperienced cup user i just want to say that if i had to manage a hymen on top of the crazy stuff i have to deal with to put this thing in and pull out , i would definitely wish i had bought a smaller cup . 
  or have n't bought any at all . 
  and yes i know that hymens have different shapes and they are not necessarily broken during first intercourse . 
  what those people meant was probably a shorthand for `` without a hymen '' which is still badwomensanatomy but not so bad . 
  i mean , it 's not impossible in many cases and positions , but still ... 
  i agree . 
  also with the regret part . 
  maybe that 's right , bigger should be actually easier to pull out and not that much harder to put in . 
  thank you . 
  this is addressed sometimes . 
  for example in k2 cards are both color - and shape-coded ( red rectangle , green triangle , yellow circle and so on ) . 
  i 'm sure there 's more examples like this . 
  i do n't think it 's actually an ai ... or always an ai ... players i met played very differently ... 
  the only suspicious thing is the nonexistent delay between clicking `` play '' and finding a teammate . 
  seriously , it 's like everything about him is unfun . 
  hope he will get a vgu . 
  udyr and ww too . 
  i miss devourer tahm kench jungle . 
  his ult had passive magic damage onhit scaling off hp . 
  with sated devourer + full hp build + his e you could literally stand there 1v5 , do 200 + magic damage on every aa and never . 
  i miss devourer tahm kench jungle . 
  his ult had passive magic damage onhit scaling off hp . 
  with sated devourer + full hp build + his e you could literally stand there 1v5 , do 200 + magic damage on every aa and never . 
  \\  balance, 
  pick one, 
  lol that sounds hilarious . 
  did they revert that or what ? 
  so why do you think is the high banrate `` understandable '' if the has such a poor winrate ? 
  it should be the other way . 
  most of those skillshots ai n't about damage but cc though . 
  a lot *, 
  what the hell , it 's so sad : (, 
  yeah , because losing your child is a very healthy situation . 
  life she wanted is pretty much over , now it 's the matter of paliative care . 
  it 's been only two years goddammit . 
  \\  what does he do, 
  ftfy, 
  i mean . 
  denying psychological aspects of overall health is like denying physiology and medical science altogether . 
  words can make you scared , angry , hurt . 
  those states are not `` only in your head '' but have a very measurable impact on all your bodily functions . 
  words can solely give you a heart attack or a seizure . 
  words can also literally heal you ( placebo anyone ? ) .
