  internet is evil anyways . 
  lol , public smoking has already been illegal in poland for several years , and you know what , smokers i know are n't complaining at all . 
  most just switched to e-cigarettes and it 's good for them . 
  or they can go to specific smoking areas that are near almost every building . 
  they just ca n't smoke anywhere they like . 
  this is already the case in multiple countries and i really do n't see how is that a bad idea . 
  nobody complains , even hardcore smokers seem to be fine with this law . 
  of course it 's impossible to enforce it completely , and many smokers will still smoke in random places , but it is enough to know that there are some legal grounds for people who do n't want to be terrorized by somebody 's smoke in a public place , so the smokers usually wo n't be too rude about it . 
  this way smokers and nonsmokers can coexist in peace , and some smokers start to feel incentive to switch to e-cigarettes , which is good for public health . 
  it 's win-win . 
  in countries where this law is in place , there are designated areas near bulidings where you can smoke in peace . 
  it 's actually about the heating element and not the liquid . 
  source : have a coworker who is a huge e-cigarettes geek . 
  he even makes his own heaters and shit like this . 
  having a law that cares about public health = totalitarianism . 
  good one . 
  awww . 
  i got the dishwashing fairy , it 's truly the best . 
   you 're saying that i , as a perfectly normal individual - not fat , very healthy , whatnot - have to put up with anti-poison laws just because non-poison-resistant people ca n't handle it ? 
  excuse my language but why ? 
  yeah there 's nothing that makes you more free than multibillion corporations poisoning you for profit . 
  quoting comment starting this thread :, 
   the level of added sugar in food, 
  i think it 's pretty clear that it 's about `` too much sugar '' and not `` any amount of sugar '' . 
  you 're right , it looks like majority is about indoors , but also about things like bus stops , buses , trams , and playgrounds . 
  so in the park or next to a random building it would be still legal . 
  til , thanks : ), 
   most ranged junglers, 
  who do you mean exactly ? 
  nidalee , kindred , graves , fiddle , and even teemo , vayne , jayce and quinn all do have `` a form of damage mitigation , healing or any way to avoid damage '' ( at best it 's healing in their kit , at worst it 's cc ) . 
  or do you mean twitch , tf and brand ? 
  i think you meant `` concerned '' . 
  ... or did you ? 
  culture ? 
  you mean complicated biological processes ? 
  biology ? 
  you mean chemistry of complex protein chains ? 
  you mean physics of specific groups of particles ? 
  you can go down all the way if you like , but what 's the point ? 
  you can call humans big blobs of particles if you want to , but does that really make you feel enlightened ? 
  you only drift away further and further of anything that makes sense to us humans ( aka particle blobs ) . 
  thousand times this . 
  i 'm from poland and there 's zero feminist groups that could be described as man-hating here . 
  all feminists that i know of focus on stuff that is actually important for women , like abortion laws , motherhood , laws regarding literal rape , molestation and violence etc. 
  [ guy like this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39152562 ) are a common sight here so i think feminists will have quite a lot of things to improve before they start to be bored and transform into tumblerinas . 
   if you want to implement change , it 's up to you to prove it 's objectively better than doing nothing . 
  i think people not being aggressive towards each other is better than people being aggressive towards each other . 
  i do n't know , i just do n't like violence , wars , murders , hate and suffering . 
  maybe i 'm weird or something . 
  if you want to talk about testosterone , ` aggressive ` actually does n't even have to be a word for `` harming others , violent , disrespectful , selfish '' . 
  it can also mean that you want to be active , expand , conquer , build , even actively protect . 
  all the things that we are taught are good and healthy and what everyone should be like . 
  can you quote where 's the sentence in [ this article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/jul/18/male-sexuality-desire ) that proves that feminists demonize male sequality ? 
  the only mention of feminism in this article goes as follows :, 
   as feminist blogger clarisse thorn noted last year , any man who hits on a woman and gets it wrong risks being branded a `` creep '' -- sometimes deservedly so , of course , but often for no greater sin than being insufficiently attractive or socially skilled , or having misread a perceived signal of invitation . 
  it seems to me that this article states quite the opposite : that feminists acknowledge that demonization of male sexuality is a problem , and argue against doing that . 
  maybe the reason for this is that mages are designed for top/mid and adcs are designed for bot . 
  not that you are forbidden to take them to jungle . 
  which ranged champs would you want to play in jungle and why anyway ? 
  maybe they simply should have written `` too big amount of sugar '' . 
  `` calories '' mean sugar ( carbohydrates ) and fat , of course both are bad for you if you ingest too much . 
   but what happens when movements have concerns which are not expressed with dignity and fairness ? 
  if you think that blm , feminists , mra , alm or whatever groups are violent evil people then go on and point that out . 
  but that 's on them , not the basic ideas . 
  it 's like you criticized the bible for the crusades . 
  it 's not the fault of any ideology that once it becomes mainstream , some shitty people are able to skew and corrupt it . 
  if you want to criticize ideology from a philosophical standpoint , do that . 
  if you want to criticize a movement , do that . 
  do n't do both at once , usually you will fail miserably ( because all you hear when talking about crusades will become `` christianity is a religion of love '' etc. 
  etc. ) . 
  which approach do you prefer in this thread ? 
   just as an example , it 's pretty ridiculous for a black college student to claim they face more problems than a white guy in a trailer park . 
  it 's not a contest . 
  black guy can say : `` i experience some problems specific to people who are black '' . 
  guy from trailer park can say : `` i experience some problems specific to people who live in trailer park '' . 
  those are not exclusive , are not the same , and are not even comparable . 
  both are important and both should be solved . 
  i will definitely support both if they decide to do something to change situation of the group they happen to belong to . 
  and the ironic thing is that according to your logic i should n't even bother thinking about either of them because i consider myself a feminist . 
  these groups are already alienated . 
  you criticize groups that fight for equal rights for dividing humanity . 
  like what the hell ? 
  you should criticize the people who advocate for the unequal , unfair status quo . 
  if you want to talk about literal name of the movement : how does `` black lives mattering '' attack you ? 
  do you prefer black people to be dead and feel personally attacked if someone claims that `` black lives matter '' to them ? 
  do you feel alienated because `` black lives mattering '' is a concept that is foreign to you ? 
  for example , if i say `` i like apples '' do you want me to immediately add `` but other fruits are fine too '' or you will get offended as a banana-lover ? 
  do you think it 's an attack on your bananas preference ? 
  i claim that there is no attack in saying `` i like apples '' , `` women 's rights are important to me '' , `` black lives matter '' , `` being gay is okay '' , `` i prefer rainy weather '' . 
  it 's you who imagine this another part `` and if you endorse bananas or sunny weather , i hate you and go to hell !!! '' . 
  it 's you who demands it 's necessary to add `` if you like other things that 's completely okay too and i do n't hate you and it 's all right and you can totally do that but i 'd prefer to stay with apples please '' for you to not feel offended and alienated by someone 's else * preference * . 
  and i do n't think people should be held responsible for micromanaging your emotions towards their preferences . 
  i assume that i do n't need to convince you that black people should n't die or women should n't be treated badly . 
  you want me to convince you that * i 'm not your enemy * . 
  i 'm not responsible for the fact that you do n't believe that and do n't trust me in the first place . 
  there 's nothing hostile in saying that i care about some group of people . 
  it 's your problem if you find hostility in such a claim . 
  i wo n't go out of my way to convince you that i 'm not attacking you if i 'm not attacking you . 
  i 'll just go my way because why should i even bother to talk to a person who does n't trust me enough to assume that i 'm not hostile ? 
   this does n't make any sense .
