  his sad reaction is a bit weird but all i 'm saying that if another person did the same exact thing it could be seen as cute or generous or something . 
  only because the guy is weird/ugly/too old/something and in the end was n't liked by people it does n't mean that there was something inherently wrong about what he did . 
  he mentions he was a bit drunk himself so maybe he figured out he ca n't actually take care of a person so drunk ? 
  because the other way is extremely painful for you and everyone who loves you ? 
  well if you just assume he 's lying there 's no reason to not think he raped three girls and murdered his mother this evening as well . 
  what a monster !, 
  i use [ hanlon 's razor ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/hanlon's_razor ) for my interpretation . 
  about the same in polish ( something like `` two-point-er '' ) . 
  this made me laugh so hard . 
  accents in this series are so ridiculous . 
  i would leave just :, 
  80 + 13 ( 90 % of ability power ), 
  meh bard is all about the q , but his other skills are fairly easy to land when you turn off smartcast . 
  would n't call it `` high mechanical skillcap '' , it 's more about careful planning this one q or this one ult than smashing all your buttons in right directions at once . 
  source : am bard main . 
  it 's awesome , i really like it : ), 
  but oh oh poor blitzy with only small little grab !, 
  you mean compared to * the * most overloaded support kit released so far ? 
  how is invisible champ not jumping on people from half a map while ccing them without any window for reaction and deleting them when they ca n't move * bad design * ? 
  yep i loved laning as sona , soraka or nami and slowly making their hp bars nonexistent . 
  good trades do n't matter now when there 's constantly botlane party and only a crapload of cc can help you if you win lane , or if you lose lane , or if you fucking dare to exist . 
  because making lane which scales hard into late a place for early skirmishes you ca n't do shit about makes sense , right rito . 
  ... damn it really checks out !, 
  memes happen when a lot of people love some funny or fascinating thing to the point when all this love has to somehow vent, 
  memes make us cringe because they extract the best stuff from things that are being memed and make it all weird after million of repetitions, 
  it does n't stop the things from being awesome . 
  it just makes you appreciate them less . 
  thus hipsters enjoy more things that not a lot of people know about . 
  i just think people should appreciate good things whether there 's a bunch of other people who enjoy it or not . 
  i 'm not sure , i just wrote about tab menu , is n't scoreboard and tab menu the same thing ? 
  i want this . 
  got from braindead to braindeader . 
  i love her right now . 
  how is this any better if he does that at level 7 , 8 , 9 or 10 , still with first rank ult ? 
  you made me realize - why even use minimap if the big map was there for us the whole time !, 
  yeah it 's so clearly not about first rank ult . 
  are you serious - . -, 
  yeah some of us look at minimap more than three times a game . 
  how does that fact make minimap look clearer ? 
  this is so fucking cute i do n't even . 
  you get it wrong people . 
  probably the baby deer split with its herd , got lost and hurt . 
  herd asked taliyah for help . 
  she found the baby , bandaged its leg and now travels on her ult ( the big wall of ice ) back to the herd to return the baby to its parents , and parents run towards her happily . 
  she 's a hero and she 's adorable . 
  yep the timers on buffs are the worst . 
  but dragon icon is even worst-er : |, 
  i guess it 's about colorblind something something . 
  but seriously , big and clear element icon inside the pit and in tab menu in addition to recolored old icon would solve all the problems . 
  the color difference is quite impossible to spot on these four pixels left of dragon pit around the icon . 
  yeah at first i was like `` wtf why do i hate this icon so much '' then i realized it 's because it is in my fucking way to understand what 's going on . 
  yep when the water dragon spawned i had to look at the actual dragon to understand which one it is . 
  awesome informative icons we got here . 
  ok i 'm not native i just wanted to make a joke do n't beat me, 
  haha ok i give ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ up, 
  i never played with a locked screen in my life . 
  no and i never did . 
  this bard flip and the sound and speed boost are just sooooo satisfying, 
  honestly i kinda feel like the game has became a slaughter from minute 0 . 
  if you do n't help your weaker jungler all the time you are totally fucked , and if you do you are not really in so much better position . 
  everyone fights all the time for every bit of a objective . 
  a kindred or lee getting all enemy buffs just proceed to steamroll everyone on their way . 
  but maybe it 's just me . 
  i am way more into farming and chill . 
  yeah i think he should be banned more , this shield basically destroyed asol and bard entire kits in this game . 
  lulu has one and a half and nobody has any problem ? 
  utility mages are about utility anyway . 
  i see no logic here . 
  she 's a great user of chalice which is important item for supports on this patch , and generally ap got buffed so yeah i think she should be good . 
  she is not brainless . 
  spamming skills will get you nowhere . 
  heal is super costly early . 
  and you really have to think about your passive all the time , one spell spammed too much and you get wrong one and die . 
  she 's kind of similar to annie . 
  not skillshot intensive , but it does n't have to mean skill spamming and braindead . 
  same . 
  seriously , i love her , but it 's not even her meta with all the botlane parties and catfights over buffs from minute 0 , and yet they somehow need to nerf her ? 
  makes no sense to me ... 
  i feel kind of sorry for klaj . 
  he 'll be probably thrown out like a dirty sock : (, 
  never . 
  i try to have fun and learn even if a particular game and my entire team completely sucks . 
  except turrets and dragons , which are like completely useless shit right : ^ ), 
  i 'd argue that you should get aegis every game when enemy team is not full ad . 
  tbh nami has the worst self peel from the four you mentioned . 
  yes , this is awesome active for nami . 
  at least athene , unlike mikael 's or fh , is mana item worth building literally every game . 
  did n't you know that system of choice for most web developers is windows ... / s, 
  i literally never use ! important in my projects unless i need to override somebody else 's styles . 
  it seems like a bad lazy class architecture issue . 
  but rs gives unique cdr passive for your actives on fqc , banner , locket , mikael 's , zzrot . 
  people often forget . 
  yep this is just stupid . 
  this . 
  i played a lot of sona , recently picked up braum and compared to her he is braindead . 
  if you are careful about cooldowns there 's no way you get punished for mistakes . 
  on sona every step is dangerous , especially vs assassins and engagers . 
  srsly this `` sona is easy just spam q '' meme has to end , she 's damn demanding even if you do n't have to push 5 buttons to do one combo . 
  sona is not easy to play . 
  she is immobile , squishy and has to be proactive .
