  it looks really anime-y for some reason . 
  a sword with wings and all that . 
  will be broken on rakan . 
  tank/utility supports like rakan or thresh might still want to buy it . 
  [ this is an optimized build that i got from lol math for lulu ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2huuexj.png ), 
  uhhh ... 
  i mean ... okay then, 
  what about yes ? 
  just use anti-colorblind glasses , duh !, 
  better duck !, 
  no , please , let 's forget him . 
  wow . 
  i mean , i knew what such glasses existed , but somehow i assumed it was more of an elaborate scam . 
  glad that they worked for you at least in some way . 
  thanks for your comment . 
  wtf is happening to riven 's mouth ? 
  yup that 's me right now . 
  he 's been broken for at least two patches . 
  it 's retarded how he can win every lane and snowball . 
  i thought it was broccoli . 
  i heard her name is gosu, 
  this is sick . 
  needs more jpeg . 
  and has multiple `` boom headshot '' lines !, 
  playing with her suddenly got 500 % more enjoyable . 
  thanks bot , now it is more clear !, 
  the second pickrate of all time , hmmmm , let 's give him qol buff , what might go wrong, 
  i am one with the targons , the targons is with me, 
  i mean as long as he gets a heavy nerf to compensate this change is fine . 
  this is definitely not 5 minions in a game , unless you really do n't care about taking minions ( and you should ) . 
  hmmmm i literally always go coin on rakan , why do you think targons is better ? 
  but he has both o ___ o, 
  also i checked nobody on probuilds even touches targons ... 
  honestly i have no idea how do they proc spellthief on him . 
  q is hard to hit , aa range short as fuck , w can end up badly . 
  rakan e is not really high cooldown . 
  especially when you max it . 
  \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af if you are in a trading lane you wo n't need an escape until you go in or are ganked anyway . 
  i meant rakan has a heal , i assumed we talk about rakan , because this is the champ i was talking about in my comment above . 
  fun fact : it 's actually quite hard to hit q after w , because of minions and because the range is so small that a slightest mouse inaccuracy will result in q going backwards . 
  also if you cast q after w , you become susceptible to the other supp 's cc before you can e back . 
  and that 's assuming your adc has brains to stay in your e range ( not always the case in soloq ) . 
  honestly i do n't think the problem with thresh is his hook . 
  it 's like you said blitz does too much dmg after he hooks you . 
  it 's a hard skillshot and should be rewarded . 
  no , imo the main problem with thresh is his lantern . 
  if he has lantern up and enemy jungler is missing , he can zone entire lane just by having this one 0 damage skill up . 
  and when you somehow get through his ton of cc to his adc , he still has means to save them . 
  and even if you destroy his lane , lantern makes him still super relevant in lategame . 
  it makes him safe and aggressive pick , both in the same skill . 
  i think the lantern should be nerfed in the first place , it 's not justified to have so strong utility skill on a champ who is also great at both catching people and peeling . 
  it seems like a perfect store to wear everything ironically . 
  i mean , coin is braindead to use . 
  i do n't know why people complain it 's weak , safety and reliability is an advantage as well . 
  i would n't call 50 gold marginal for a supp in early game . 
  i think he just speaks way too much . 
  tower is support 's best friend . 
  yeah if you 're not going coin you will be oom instantly from trying to do that in lane . 
  wow what an unnecessary wall of text . 
  jesus reddit is the best at advices i swear, 
  when i was a student , $ 80 was all i had for food for a month : ), 
  ever heard about bargaining ? 
  wait that 's mine \u00af \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / / / \u00af \\, 
  meh , it 's good to sometimes get something unique . 
  thank, 
   if someone is trolling you to keep you in the game then is it really trolling ? 
  how is that even a question ? 
  definitely a bacon roll please, 
  kindred 's ult does n't really fit them , but it fills an important niche . 
  game would be different without it . 
  it 's 2017 , a ton of people gets to know each other over the internet and it can become a great long-lasting relationship . 
  deal with it . 
  you 're the equivalent of women who say `` i like to be a woman , it 's not terrible , i can do anything i want , nothing is stopping me , men are not my enemies '' . 
  yeah good for you . 
  now maybe listen to other people who are not yourself and are not in your situation and position . 
  maybe , just maybe , they feel different about discrimination . 
  and maybe they deserve to be acknowledged . 
  also no fucking shit you can do anything you want after 200 years or so and thousands of people fighting and being ridiculed , harassed , raped and murdered only for you to have the right to even form this sentence . 
  because everyone has to keep up to your awesome standards ? 
  you should n't judge how people * feel * . 
  internet is real , people in it are 100 % real , and feelings in the internet are real and valid too . 
  so your thesis is basically that `` black people have a lot of disadvantages '' but `` you do n't feel disadvantaged '' and if they feel held back it 's basically their fault ... do i get that right ? 
  liquid, 
  this is so weird and great . 
  lol . 
  thanks . 
  potential of mid soraka is limitless . 
  nobody ever does anything special , then, 
  move as far away as possible . 
  i live in poland which is a stupid fucked up country and even here we have mostly-free healthcare system which is hopefully going to become even more free in the next couple years . 
  we have free fucking education and no multithousand student loans . 
  and this is like almost the shittiest fucking country in europe . 
  you got nothing to lose , just move out of your even stupider shithole asap to some civilized place . 
  sometimes i feel the same , being female in a very male-centric environments . 
  i 'm a programmer , like to play video games , basically nothing that happens around me is for women , by women or about women , and if people notice me , it 's only to say something like `` it 's nice to have a girl here so someone looks good and is nice '' . 
  like i was some sort of cheerful decoration because of my gender . 
  but hey . 
  we acknowledge you , dude . 
  you are acknowledged . 
  sometimes you need to fight for it .
