  you have to perform early/mid if you want to be relevant late . 
  it 's possible , i 'm not a native speaker so i might not grasp some meaning . 
  yeah i agree , it would be best for him not to stream . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  but things like akali , rengar , kha do n't really seem to have good fallback . 
  i wonder if that 's intentional . 
  i hope you feel secure harold, 
  i mean , on brand there 's no reason not to go full ap . 
  but i got plenty of s on other supports . 
  it 's really a git gud thing . 
  most people do n't know what to do other than killing enemies and doing damage to have an impact on the game . 
  but i have a feeling that doing other support-y stuff is important too , especially vision score . 
  yesterday i got an ~ ~ s ~ ~ [ s + ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ox6rf ) for 3/3/33 lulu game , and i did the least damage from both teams . 
  edit : it seems i took 41 cs though . 
  funny because i do n't remember taking them from my teammates . 
  just lasthitting when there was noone nearby . 
  here 's [ full stats ] ( http://matchhistory.eune.leagueoflegends.com/en/#match-details/eun1/1715580611/209490798?tab=overview ) . 
  you get chests from it , and i like having mastery 7 on my champs too . 
  i have more keys usually . 
  i get frustrated when i ca n't get a chest for a longer time ( because of champ/time limits ) . 
  when you get a chest , you know you will eventually open it , it 's not going anywhere , but when you got only a key you ca n't be sure if you ever gon na get a chest within limits . 
  bard supp . 
  i might not carry but i will surely untilt about my teammates being worse than me . 
  i was aiming at more figurative `` you '' . 
  well , i do n't know that . 
  i do n't remember if it was s or s + honestly . 
  definitely more than s - since i got a mastery 7 token . 
  is there a way to check your grade after game ? 
  edit : was s + actually . 
  you mean in client ? 
  will do that after work . 
  how do i know what you did wrong from this stats alone ? 
  i think rito measures way more stuff than op.gg shows . 
  definitely vision score for example . 
  i see you bought a ton of pinks , but i 'm not sure if that helped increase your vision efectiveness . 
  do n't get me wrong , support grades were super fucked like half a year ago and worked like you say . 
  but i think they really improved since . 
  there was some rioter 's post some time ago explaining that they acknowledged the issue and tried to improve supports ' grades . 
  i do n't know honestly , i saw it outside of reddit . 
  might be posted on r/crappydesign too . 
  i did n't check . 
  they explained recently in detail that vision score does n't work like this . 
  playing braum is so annoying because of this . 
  i mean , it 's aram , every nami will do well there . 
  i checked , it was s + actually . 
  checked and edited my comment . 
  thanks . 
  it still counts . 
  it counts in my heart . 
  yeah i started to suspect it might be neurological problem , i have some misc mental health problems on top of that . 
  definitely trying supplements . 
  attention is definitely something i really lack . 
  i seem to immediately tune out half of the stuff i `` hear '' or `` acknowledge '' . 
  mindfulness seems super exhausting but i 'll need to try that . 
  i do n't think i have add , i do n't think i ever had this kind of problems in school . 
  but thanks for the advice . 
  uhh i do n't know . 
  i guess that 's possible ? 
  how do you check something like this ? 
  i love it the most when i do n't even watch it but suddenly hear the announcer telling me i killed someone from 2000 range not even paying attention . 
  wow i read up a bit about that and it seems both super tiring and super cool ... nah , i do think too much , and sometimes talk to myself , but it 's related to people i know and things i worry about . 
  zero creativity . 
  it could n't be the same rat , the first one is tiny , the second one is at least two times bigger . 
  source : i own rats . 
  i mean ... people who have rats usually like to adopt more rats . 
  haha , then i incorrectly assumed snake 's scale . 
  the first one is baby rat , the second has to be an adult mouse then . 
  trundle ? 
  seriously , with this context , it 's like putting aphromoo in silver and complaining that he is the worst player in team because his teammates ca n't use the vision he set up . 
  what the fuck lol, 
  it 's the other way . 
  you need more skill to win as support at the same elo . 
  yeah like midlaners had any idea how to play 2v2 lane , deal with constant parties from minute 3 and set up vision mid/lategame . 
  no , hitting skillshots as brand is literally all the supports need to do properly . 
  what is there about mechanics that supports have so different from other roles ? 
  taking just an average champ from a role , why is nami considered easier than like viktor or gragas ? 
  what is there about jungling or top mechanics i 'd need to know before playing the role ? 
  adcs i agree , have a lot of things regarding autoattacking efficiently to learn . 
  but other roles ? 
  just pick up some random champ and in most cases you will be fine mechanically after 10 games . 
  it 's not like all champs in other roles have 20 auto cancels and combos on average and only supports have 0 . 
  i think each role has the same share of mechanically easy , average and hard champions . 
  i have some number of non-supp champions bought and can play most of them just fine when i roll them in aram or pick for a normal . 
  then it does n't show in / u/keyonte0 experience . 
  ... which was totally provided by op, 
  i mean , it 's so ridiculous to claim supports have no agency early when it 's the time when they have relatively the best stats ( mid/late there will be a huge gap cause of gold difference ) and can win literally every 2v2 by themselves . 
  the entire point of supports is to have the most secure and reliable early game for adc possible . 
  well , of course knowing only one role is too little to get to know the game . 
  that is n't exclusive to support , it 's true for all the roles . 
  i ca n't see any reason to assume this . 
  it 's not like you can swap from any role to another role seamlessly . 
  all roles are different and need to be played completely differently . 
  you could say that about junglers as well . 
  ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ adcs ^ ^ ^ too, 
  you ca n't . 
  this is awesome . 
  respect . 
  i love the wand . 
  and a little bit crazy eyes . 
  nice one : ),
