  note : i do n't know a damn about corbyn . 
  here is your upvote . 
  maybe another sub is needed for that ? 
  wtf i just read, 
  i know it 's stupid but i actually love this [ comment chain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gho8vmb.png ) . 
  do u hav dick, 
  it 's not easy at it looks . 
  double psychology . 
  you get like two in one . 
  also the w q e combo is fairly mana costly . 
  not a big deal with coin but hurts with spellthief . 
  it 's like you 've never seen leona in lane . 
  or just any melee tank honestly . 
  it 's a super big deal . 
  mana from coin in lane feels like it 's infinite . 
   i think the people on the subreddit should be able to decide what 's there by up - and downvoting what they like or dislike . 
  sorry buddy , but anarchocapitalism like this will end up like literally / r/gaming . 
  that 's what you want ? 
  jesus christ i did n't want to know that . 
  because most of them are literally children ? 
  but graves cigar xd, 
  do n't we have this subreddit for exactly this ? 
  awwww : ), 
  but * vision score after-game statistic usability should be improved * would be all good , right ? 
  so who exactly was bullied ? 
  yup it literally never happens . 
  the community is always supportive and respectful . 
  why do you defend gaters ? 
  it 's about not condemning any group of people ? 
  is there no group of people you condemn ? 
  or do you think that specifically gaters do n't deserve to be condemned , for some reason ? 
  dude . 
  gaters submitted to ruin some other people lifes because they did n't like what the people said or did about some games . 
  how can you harass someone in their real life over a hobby ? 
  this is just wrong . 
  if you support gaters , you support harassment . 
  and this is exactly as bad as harassing people yourself . 
  also sorry but could n't resist :, 
   you should n't generalise an entire group by what the minorities do . 
  ahahahah would love to see something like this when this sub starts talking about feminists :'), 
  hey , i really listen , i just do n't really agree with you when it comes to gg . 
  but that 's fine , i 'm glad that you at least do n't support malicious behaviors . 
  peace . 
  this is the problem . 
  it also discourages people from looking at this stat at all , and how else am i supposed to show off my superiority in each game ?!?!? 
  dude install asap . 
  it 's like half of reddit . 
  you can do whatever you want . 
  and people can also not do whatever they want . 
  the question that began this thread was `` why do n't you want to make friends '' . 
  the fact that someone does n't want to do that is n't a threat to your ability to make friends and have fun . 
  so is your main diamond ? 
  if so why do you look for silver supp ? 
  and anyway , how is janna more complicated than lulu ??? 
  lulu has 7 spells , i had a ton of trouble trying to figure out how to cast her combos effectively in different scenarios . 
  lulu ai n't easy by any means . 
  aw , that would be a bit of a bummer , i really liked it as graph . 
  but thanks for your attention anyway !, 
  i agree that janna is not as easy as she looks to play effectively . 
  she 's just way easier to pick up than lulu imo . 
  and i mained support since i 've been placed in bronze ii like 2 years ago , so speaking strictly from my experience . 
  but i guess things can have different level of difficulty for different people . 
  i 'm a woman by the way . 
  listen , what 's your best meme ? 
  i 've got no time for bunch of mere boring memes . 
  i want a one big meme , my big investment . 
  show me what you got . 
  fanart that resembles original . 
  what a tragedy . 
  katarina is easy ? 
  what ? 
  i played her in the assasin game mode and barely could understand wtf should i do . 
  complaining as a customer is never a bad thing . 
  coin gives a ton of mana . 
  on soraka infinite mana = infinite hp . 
  also you do n't really want to aa trade as soraka in most lanes . 
  why stoneplate ? 
  you think it 'll be good support item ? 
  i 've never even considered that . 
  seriously . 
  since they introduced vision score , turns out i have it the best in every game i play , and by a large margin . 
  it really makes you wonder how all the other people do n't give a bit of a fuck to ward . 
  soraka has the worst cc and selfpeel out of all utility supports , maybe on par with sona . 
  you do n't want to walk up and aa people all the time because of the risk , not because it would be a lost trade . 
  wow , that 's super sad , but honestly no wonder she rejected , doing something like this seems fucking creepy if you are n't even sure if the girl likes you back . 
  i did the least damage from both teams . 
  technical difficulties . 
  cc score should be here already ( ? ), 
  or in the next patch , they are still working on shielding . 
  because it seems like he 's way too obsessed with a girl he presumably did n't even get to know yet . 
  it 's easy as fuck . 
  you simply need to lasthit all the minions your teammates leave alone when they have better things to do ( read : wandering around , chasing , taking jungle , or just doing nothing ) . 
  also lasthit minions that your adc for sure wo n't be able to . 
  in the gold v where i currently am you will have a plenty of time to do that inbetween warding , helping and carrying the game . 
  people waste a ton of time and cs there . 
  i just do something useful while i 'm waiting for my team to make up their minds . 
  ( note : i know for a fact that i play rankeds below my level , i just do n't have the time to grind to the rank i should be at , which would be probably gold i - plat v. ), 
   you do n't want to walk up and aa people all the time because of the risk , not because it would be a lost trade . 
  i mean my comment included only two sentences so i kinda assumed you will be able to read them . 
  i mean i know that i have high mmr for my division ( big ip gains , small loses ) , i know that i can keep up with plat friends when we play together ( in terms of map/game awareness at least ) , i know that i peaked gold ii and ended up gold iii last season , and i know that i played less than a 100 rankeds this season .
