  my coworker was like `` okay just use some calendar jquery plugin '' . 
  except jquery plugin would be a total disaster in ember . 
  so i wrote a calendar myself , using moment.js . 
  rendering days , labels , changing months , and all that super basic stuff . 
  it took me 8 hours . 
  and it worked just like i needed it to , with selecting , binding to other data etc. 
  i did n't have to spend this time with some other person 's crappy plugin and its configuration , modification and adjusting to my needs . 
  i just did it . 
  you may call it reinventing a wheel ... for me it was 100 % worth it . 
  the whole point is to be able to recognize cases when doing something yourself is worth it and when it 's not . 
  for people like my coworker that i mentioned i am still some crazy person who wrote a calendar herself for `` no '' reason because `` there are already plugins for that '' . 
  he used a jquery hours-picker plugin in the same project . 
  it 's crappy and stupid solution ( imo ) but it `` works '' . 
  i guess sometimes it comes down to preference . 
  check if it 's the same for other videos . 
  for me the main problem is that my adcs tend to not group at all in midgame and spend way too much time farming alone , generally do n't follow teammates , and do n't stick to me as support . 
  yes , you are supposed to follow , after first bot turret i wo n't stand there for 15 minutes watching you lasthit and waiting for you to move your ass to dragon pit , i 'll just go away and and you can come with me or not . 
  if you want to stay alone , do n't cry later when some zed instagibs you because you did n't even look on warded map . 
  generally you are supposed to do damage in fights and take down turrets , not only look pretty with your cs and items . 
  i 'll peel in fights if you are in position to aa . 
  but if you misposition or you do n't group , you do n't do damage , so i will have 0 problems with you dying as you are useless and demand a lot team 's recources for no payoff . 
  basically this . 
  it 's like people forget that in this game there are some weird buildings that you need to take down to win and it 's all about dem fights . 
  it 's very possible to win without adc nowadays if your other teammates are decent . 
  a lot of people run ad in other roles so turrets are not an issue . 
  if you are feeding to the point of being hopeless/useless , there 's no reason to help you any longer and put so much effort to only keep you alive . 
  of course this point is not at early double kill , but seriously if you are a 0/6 cait with low farm just please acknowledge that it 's gg at least for you and you are no longer worth support 's trouble . 
  the problem is with you , not with them . 
  want to have fun games ? 
  prove that you are worth peeling ( eg . 
  do n't suicide and group ) . 
  why would i peel for someone who does 0 effort to deal damage and not die when i can peel for my mid or even jungle instead ? 
  why would i want you to carry when i have other carries in team who are doing much better ? 
  it 's not about not dying at all . 
  like you said , sometimes there 's a 2v4 botlane party that you can 0 about ( assuming you had literally 0 vision and opponents were super sneaky ) . 
  it 's about not suiciding . 
  if you are in lane and suddenly support starts pinging like crazy . 
  back off and go b. 
  if you are alone . 
  stop being alone and group . 
  if you are in a fight . 
  hit anyone who 's in front of you and do n't dive . 
  this is all super basic . 
  you can not die a single time in the game if you stay at fountain . 
  that 's not the point , the point is do n't die for no reason at all , do n't die because of stupidity , if you die take enemies with you . 
  your every death should be an effect of your decision and taking a risk you are aware of , not something that `` happens '' to you . 
  i 've seen countless times adcs taking unnecessary risks and dying for no reason even though i pinged and told them to back the fuck out . 
  probably they did n't even know they are doing something risky . 
  and you should know . 
  if you really are 3v1 then maybe abandon the stupid tower , take jungle camps and let them push down the lane and then farm under second turret which should be way safer ? 
  who expects you to defend turret 3v1 ? 
  just abandon the first turret and farm under second one for next 10 minutes . 
  enemy bot will most likely go mid and it 's no longer your problem . 
  nobody expects you to hold the lane 1v3 . 
  if they keep to farm yourself 1v2/1v3 there it means they give up a lot of map pressure they would have otherwise and you should expect your team to carry in other lanes . 
  yeah if you decide to farm for 35 minutes and never group then no shit you start doing damage only past that time . 
  i mean seriously , your job is not even killing people in fights but taking turrets , if you are 10-0 and unable to do that i 'm sorry but you are probably some very lucky potato and your teammates have been carrying you . 
  i can give the adc a lot of chances but after some number of screwups i will abadon them . 
  i want to win the game , not help some dumbass have fun hitting minions . 
  support is a 1/5 of the team , if i spend time with some hopeless adc my team will have to go 3v5 and i can not afford that . 
  if we go 4v5 or 4v4 there 's at least some chance we will create a lead outside of botlane that will overweight loss of adc . 
  also more pressure on map = less pressure on bot so you still should be fine if you do n't only mindlessly push . 
  you think there 's no gains for persisting state of application across multiple pages without need to make additional requests and backend changes ? 
  this this this . 
  just use ember-cli and suddenly you have zero problems with builds , tests , assets and all that shit . 
  i ca n't be more grateful , i hate configuring everything in webpack when i do n't even know how exactly webpack works , i just want it to work and let me write my code in peace . 
  if you want tanks toplane they need to be able to do something 1v1 . 
  if a carry top can do damage to tank but tank ca n't do damage to carry top , tank can only get pushed out of the lane and be a sadpanda as long as there are no carries around him/her . 
  syndra is busted , nobody argues with that . 
  and men , all at once . 
  seriously , it 's necessary , current base udyr is a potato , it hurts to look at him . 
   generate apology, 
   reason ... ... ... . . `` recent behaviour '', 
   to the ... ... ... . . [ `` community '' , `` people i flamed '' ], 
   i will ... ... ... . . `` work with management and teammates '', 
  no its not, 
  this is me every time as leona . 
  `` jinx plz be more careful '' `` shut up youre 0/5 '' `` yes because you are killing me '', 
  you 're tearing me apart lisa, 
  this is what i needed . 
  haha , it feels like teambuilder with people going in and going out all the time . 
  wait . 
  this is it . 
  you literally implemented teambuilder with age and language preference . 
  ohhh two years ago i made dozens of them : d. great pattern . 
  and in your case - also well executed ; ) . 
  good job , go on and make more !, 
  i think it 's bannable tho . 
  edit : lol , to downvoters , there were some skin modifications like adding to thresh lantern a big red circle , outlining skillshots etc. , for me it 's pretty clear that skin modifications like this give you an unfair advantage , just like with scripters ' overlay systems . 
  and i would n't be so sure riot differentiates between harmless and unfair modifications . 
  sneaky sneaky, 
  it 's ... a. . . new season for our hero and pals, 
  a new season and it 's gon na be scorchin ', 
  context ? 
  it 's not about ethics . 
  fucking a non-moving host is basically necrophilia . 
  yeah maybe it 's not harming anyone `` real '' but it 's still super creepy and repelling sex preference . 
  i think i find nami 's heal better than sona 's . 
  lol like it is not true . 
  oh , i 'm so sorry , did n't realize !,
