  i 'm sure that in the end they will be glad that they have some new way to help you , even if it 's not very convenient for them . 
  if they see that you get better , it should reward every inconvenience they have to face . 
  thicc if not a trick, 
  what do you think happens to the alcohol ? 
  it 's excreted in multiple ways ( breath , sweat , urine etc ) . 
  so you just stole a cat from struggling people who did n't mistreat her , because apparently you are a `` better person '' to have pets than them . 
  good job , you entitled asshole . 
  i guess when you want to have a child , you will simply kidnap one from some poor family , too ? 
  you 're actually worth more than all salaries in the world . 
  thanks . 
  they really are . 
  believe me or not , fb content is not about the year , but about kind of people and pages you decide to follow . 
  i was like super sure your first comment is gon na be about this . 
  ... would n't it ? 
  no man , even saying things like this without tagging anyone is creepy and unnecessary . 
  generally telling or writing things in public implies that you think someone should care to listen to or read those things . 
  exception would be literally talking to yourself , which is not the case . 
  you ca n't really do anything if the person is not willing to change . 
  unicorn soraka . 
  take all my money . 
   you need to * respect * their need for a gf and sex, 
  i think you mistyped `` their natural right to a gf and sex '' . 
  thousand times this . 
  stop pitying them . 
  if they really wanted help , they would get a plenty . 
  but they do n't . 
  yeah . 
  this is like , literally me !, 
  those are exactly the problems that i have . 
  yup . 
  yup yup yup . 
  there is a lot of support subs and sites that actually support people . 
  why ca n't it be the only hobby ? 
  books are fucking great . 
  this reaction is hilarious . 
  / r/anxiety / r/depression / r/socialskills / r/bipolarreddit / r/psychology / r/socialanxiety / r/mentalhealth, 
  honestly the list goes on and on . 
  many redditors , and people in general have similar problems to incels . 
  they just do n't decide to make it toxic and hateful . 
  dae lulu is cancer !, 
  it does n't make it any better ? ... 
  i knew depressed people and i am depressed person . 
  the first rule is : if you do n't want help , you ai n't getting it . 
  i did n't make this up , this is prerequisite to getting any therapy . 
  nobody 's gon na magically fix your life if you 'd rather whine and * not make it better * . 
  on the other hand , i think some incels qualify for involuntary treatment in a mental facility , because in some cases they are clearly a threat to others and themselves . 
  i searched for a bit and it turns out that 2-8 % of alcohol ingested is excreted back as actual ethanol . 
  also [ this study ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2361644 ) for example shows that it 's definitely possible to have pure alcohol in your urine . 
  now i really hope that noone will get inspired by this information . 
  yeah , they really love to cuddle in their cube house on the highest shelf : ) here 's [ another photo ] ( http://imgur.com/a/k9ezz ) from when there were only two of them ( white is the youngest ) . 
  you really should replace `` future daughter '' with `` potential '' or `` hypothetical '' . 
  yeah , my rats have a ton of hammocks and other kinds of `` furniture '' made of fleece and cotton . 
  local rat owners are sewing them for sale , it 's also very easy to make one yourself ( given that a hammock is literally a 2-layer fleece rectangle ) . 
  they 're comfy af , i 'd like to be smaller and sleep there honestly : d, 
  i moved in with my then-boyfriend when i moved to another city for my studies . 
  i was 19 . 
  it was pretty idiotic tbh , but nobody dared question this decision , even my very religious grandmothers . 
  you 're an adult , you can do whatever you want . 
  it 's understandable that you do n't want to hurt your mother , but she has to understand that if she demands you to do things you do n't want to do , she will get cut off . 
  seriously , the sooner the better . 
  i 'm often going to sleep and getting up 2-3 hours after my boyfriend , even though i have to work a nine-to-five job and he does n't . 
  truth is , i really like to be alone in the flat for sometime , and i 'm only getting this when he 's asleep . 
  maybe your husband simply likes to be alone and unbothered at night . 
  i 've been sleeping like him during my studies , it 's a real quiet and peaceful time . 
  it 's definitely possible to change one 's sleeping schedule , i did this , but if he 's not willing to do that , then it wo n't happen . 
  what you should n't do is to tolerate him not attending to events , breakfasts and so on . 
  even if he likes to sleep unusual hours , he should be able to adjust from time to time when it 's needed . 
  i wake up around 8 usually , but when it 's necessary i can make 4 or 5 work as well . 
  so people do n't waste too much water ? 
  do you want to remove your breasts for health related reasons , or because you simply do n't want to have them ? 
  i 'm not asking to be judgmental , just curious because you seem so enthusiastic about it : ), 
  thanks for the response . 
  i hope you get all the treatment you need as soon as possible : ), 
  there are three options :, 
  you are hiding your attraction so well that he honestly ca n't notice . 
  he 's really cruelly friendzoning you . 
  he wants you back but is completely clueless what to do as well . 
  been there done that for all three , so maybe i can offer some insight . 
  you should realize that it 's impossible to hold off for too long at this point . 
  from how you describe it , it seems like you are really close daily , and it 's not like you can indefinitely make it look like you are comfortable with being only friends . 
  you will start to resent him and his girls more and more and it will either end up as a tragedy or you will drift away from each other slowly ; choose your poison . 
  if he knows you 're attracted to him but does n't do anything , you need to talk to him about this asap . 
  you are clearly hurting and it 's not okay to ignore it like this only because he wants to have a platonic friend . 
  if that would mean the end of your friendship , so be it . 
  just do it , tell him that you want him , or even go for a kiss , whatever you think works for you . 
  just let him process this if he does n't immediately react super positively , it 's possible he will be surprised and not sure if you 're serious . 
  of course i 'm no mind reader and i 'm not sure which one is the case , but i would say go for it anyway , life is short and it 's better to try than to be sorry that you did n't . 
  this is words of wisdom from someone who did n't try way too many times . 
   bit me right on the boob, 
  is n't `` femaloids '' the correct term there ? 
  * cries internally *, 
  annnnnd here goes this sub . 
  they are still terrorists . 
  therefore , the same logic as in op applies to them , too . 
  yeah , that sounds super stupid to me . 
  antibiotics are not some magic cure . 
  you 'd be better off giving rats something that increases immunity , like beta-glucan . 
  my rats do n't know their names ( at least i think so ) and come only to a specific sound . 
  i do n't think it 's sociopathic or wrong , for rats names are just sounds . 
  they still can know who they are even if you start doing different sounds ; ) .
