  once or twice before my dad laughed and told me . 
  magic , perhaps ? 
  i did n't know you could be charged just for not rewinding it . 
  i remember my parents and i used to visit a store that rented vhss , but i never heard anything about rewinding it before returning it to the store . 
  yes . 
  if by `` record '' you mean cassettes , then yes . 
  if you mean cds , then no . 
  oh my goddess ... ahahahaha !, 
  never liked littlefoot , so i legit have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i often have this same bug . 
  it 's so weird . 
  it just shows a panorama , and if you 're lucky , the camera is placed where the action is . 
  this affects highlights , potg and kill cam . 
  that 's rude . 
  not even funny . 
  i never liked littlefoot . 
  i always watched strings , but i was never interested . 
  nope . 
  we had cassettes , though . 
  with the rewind button . 
  did n't press the stop button for that . 
  i never used cds myself , and was never curious how they worked . 
  because i had never used cds myself . 
  with the rewind button . 
  i never used cds myself before that . 
  i knew they existed and i think we had a few , but we still used cassettes . 
  imagine if that was piss . 
  well , `` mar '' means `` sea '' and `` lago '' means `` lake '' in spanish , so ... 
  it was so pleasant . 
  haha . 
  thanks . 
  i was like 9 years old back then . 
  that is true . 
  i was born in 1993 and i never used any of those . 
  the future is now !, 
  pressing the rewind button . 
  well , i know it happened because i was there . 
  i am sharing my story and whether people believe it or not , it 's not my problem . 
  have a nice day . 
  i had like 3 or 4 people ask that . 
  do n't look at me !, 
  i can barely pay rent . 
  i did n't get why it happened . 
  thanks . 
  [ and td supported him for that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/6f6zgb/god_emperor_with_the_triple_kill/ ) . 
  yeah , terrorist attacks make it to world news , because they kill dozens of people in a single attack , but accidental kills with guns go unnoticed , because they are isolated events , even though they actually kill more people in the us . 
  same in this is illios game mode . 
  my teammate and i left after half an hour . 
  i did n't know corona was that globalized . 
  i do n't like beer , and i have n't tasted much , so to me , everything tastes like piss . 
  would sprays work ? 
  i would n't mind leaving the escape button as a sprayer . 
  that last one is fantastic !, 
  wonderful !, 
  and my computer just broke . 
  i wanted to see rein 's perspective . 
  i do n't blame him . 
  i would have panicked too . 
  grab them by the pussy . 
  only grab . 
  no sex . 
  i do n't have any basis for this claim , but those people who stayed republican despite of trump will very likely not change . 
  those republicans who approved trump bombing the middle east very likely wo n't change . 
  those who were republican back then and could see trump 's lies may be considered democrats here . 
  in this case it 's not republicans the problem . 
  the problem is those people who are foolish enough to think everything trump does is good . 
  trump obviously chose the best lawyer he could find that was not better than him . 
  given the bar is so low , i think he hired someone who barely finished high school . 
  the other day my team got obliterated and i did n't have my rez . 
  all i did was wait for my imminent death at the no-longer-spawn room . 
  i stood there waiting for my imminent death . 
  roadhog came , i greeted him , and i died . 
  there was nothing i could do . 
  emp zarya and bring her down from 800 to 400 without bubbles . 
  i love how soldier panicked at the end . 
  trace-air . 
  so in short the rich will build things from taxpayers ' money while they pay around 20 % of it and users will have to pay for the service . 
  did i get it right ? 
  what if voldemort 's mother had an abortion ? 
  yes . 
  this is where it belongs . 
  the nononono moment only lasts for a second . 
  although i think there 's no asshole here , given you are only an hour away you should at least make an effort to visit your parents occasionally . 
  your parents love you , and you know that , but pressuring you into going is not good either . 
  now , since you are communicating with them often , i think that may show them that you love them . 
  i 'm not pressuring into visiting them , but i think a surprise visit now and then would be good for the three of you . 
  i know perfectly well how you feel . 
  i live around 7 hours away from my parents and although they do n't say much about it , i know they miss me , and i miss them sometimes too . 
  where 's the bot that shortens it , anyway ? 
  the article wo n't open on my phone . 
  that 's why i was asking . 
  5 \u00b0 f = - 15 \u00b0 c, 
  just saying . 
  i need context . 
  this sub does n't work from the app . 
  the most that had been done was customizing emerl in sonic battle . 
  i do n't know if you could customize chao in sonic adventure 2 . 
  jokes aside , i think it 's a good idea . 
  i 'm looking forward to it . 
  oc creators are happy , i am not bothered by it and everyone 's content .
