  * ** the us president : ** are you stupid or what ? 
  why is he not supposed to know ? 
  this is a genuine question , not sarcasm or trolling . 
  i 'm flan . 
  it 's polarizing how i got all but one or two skins during the rooster event , but only got three skins during uprising ( orisa which is horrible and 2 widows which i do n't even use ) . 
  so far i 've gotten symmetra and soldier 's skins and i fear i may face the same issues than uprising . 
  areas ? 
  i thought all the map would be low gravity . 
  we 're all pharahs now !, 
  everyone always underestimates mercy 's power . 
  now i want to see the space core and wheatley orbiting around from time to time . 
  how are the heroes supposed to breathe outside ? 
  okay , let 's check :, 
  * summer games, 
  * winter wonderland, 
  * year of the rooster, 
  i counted 6 . 
  solution : get another 8 legendary duplicates . 
  so the more you attack the less damage the hero does , and the more you heal the hero loses its healing potential ? 
  this is like the inverse of * get down , mr. president * . 
  rein : watch this out !, 
  team : what ? 
  okay . 
  that 's great . 
  okay . 
  i thought op included the anniversary there so i was a bit confused . 
  i think dota 2 has a good system for it :, 
  * people who abandon frequently go to the low priority pool . 
  * an abandon is considered leaving the match for 5 minutes . 
  players can pause , but anyone can unpause . 
  pausing gives the player more time to return in case it was an accidental leave . 
  maybe the internet connection dropping or the electricity going off . 
  * players in lp along with people playing with it are matched with others in lp . 
  * lp takes significantly more time to find other players . 
  * lp players can only play single draft ( one hero from one of the 3 categories in the game ) . 
  * in order to leave lp , players have to win certain amount of matches . 
  previously players only had to complete double that amount of matches . 
  this led to people throwing games . 
  even before that , players were placed in lp for a certain amount of time whether they played or not . 
  i think this is a good system . 
  i am doubtful about the single draft ( which would be equivalent to only select one dps , defense , tank or support hero in overwatch ) , but i think the rest is okay . 
  so that 's why it took me like 5 matches to win ... 
  the story of how the president struggled with ptsd because of the stds he could have contracted . 
  a really sad story . 
  no , because fox news is entertainment , not journalism . 
  `` i hope nobody finds it '', 
  just this morning we were attacking in volskaya . 
  i was using mercy , my ult was at 85 % , my teammates were just respawning , rein just died , and i had to contest the point against 4 or 5 forcing overtime . 
  i started shooting and evading shots . 
  as soon as my ult was up , i rezzed rein . 
  my team came and although i died later , we took the point . 
  revolutionary idea : change the name of the treaty to trump agreement . 
  what does n't he ? 
  just this morning we were attacking in volskaya . 
  i was using mercy , my ult was at 85 % , my teammates were just respawning , rein just died , and i had to contest the point against 4 or 5 forcing overtime . 
  i started shooting and evading shots . 
  as soon as my ult was up , i rezzed rein . 
  my team came and although i died later , we took the point . 
  and a tea bag after each kill . 
  i only tea bag when i kill someone as mercy . 
  specially tracer . 
  tracer confirmed for splatoon 2 . 
  i missed the `` sometimes i do n't know why i even bother '' voice line , because i actually did n't know it was added and it was an uprising item . 
  i had more than enough credits for it . 
  seems like horizon is full of magic . 
  it is similar , but no . 
  i have never read dresden files , though it is a peculiar coincidence . 
  a while ago i had to create an username , so i picked the first thing that came to my mind and spelled it backwards . 
  now i try to shorten it to just `` liat '' , and that 's how you find me in battle.net , steam and other networks where duplicate names are allowed ( and switch , but just because i was quick to pick it ) . 
  i am not proud of my username , but it is the only one i have . 
  at least i like `` liat '' . 
  well , i do it because they are the ones who are supposed to kill me , not the other way around . 
  nothing shows dominance better than putting other person 's genitals on your face . 
  i legit had no idea jupiter was blue on the southern side . 
  i find it amusing that they are evenly * spaced * . 
  pun not intended when i was writing the sentence , but welcome nonetheless . 
  i 'm waiting too . 
  3 days . 
  that genji failed so hard , he could n't kill a sitting mercy even if she had 200 hp . 
  and i felt good once for saving an allied mercy and almost saving the other ana with a blind grenade returning to the point in illios . 
  now , yours was even better . 
  you might want to check your buddhism software . 
  reincarnation pathway is causing some issues . 
  that last one was mei . 
  that 's an evolutionary bug . 
  the vcr could be used for that , but a vhs rewinder did it around 5 times faster . 
  now that we 're speaking about this , when i used a dvd for the first time , i 'd rewind dvds because i did n't know they could be played again and again without rewinding them . 
  note : to everyone asking how i rewinded the dvd , i did it by pressing the [ magical button that looks like < < ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/t/macro-black-skip-backward-button-black-remote-control-hifi-stereo-audio-system-77981345.jpg ) . 
  when i used a dvd for the first time , i 'd rewind dvds because i did n't know they could be played again and again without rewinding them . 
  they were also way heavier than one would expect . 
  i hope the sea level rise floods mar-a-lago . 
  most of people are brain washed by fox news or simply do n't even look at other countries . 
  it wo n't affect him , anyway . 
  he 'll be dead before it is a bigger issue . 
  i just hope mar-a-lago floods before he dies . 
  he does , but he could n't care less . 
  by pressing the < < button . 
  same . 
  [ you did n't save my life , you ruined my death !, 
  i have no idea .
