  this was a successful attempt . 
  i like zarya 's skin , but the head just ... no . 
  i do n't like it . 
  l\u00facio does n't speak in portuguese . 
  maybe it 's the limitations within the voice actors . 
  i 'd say decreasing the charge by 50 % would be fair . 
  your ult is ready ? 
  sorry , but now you 're at 50 % . 
  if you 're at 50 % , it goes to 25 % and so on . 
  i think that 'd prevent people from killing themselves just to get a hero who they like , but would also keep some of the ult charge . 
  arms *, 
  he disturbs me just by breathing in the main screen . 
  there 's a conversation between mercy and ana that goes like this :, 
  i do n't approve of what you 've done with my biotic technology . 
   ana : i 'm sorry you feel that way , but it suits my purposes now . 
  this makes me think she actually knows about robotics and stuff . 
  edit replacing what i remembered with the actual conversation . 
  what was this for ? 
  i do n't get why this bot felt the need to post this . 
  i 'm glad , but also confused . 
  we 've come to that moment when a dead place starts to live , and that means bad news . 
  well , i guess r/therewasanattempt from op . 
  i know , and that 's why i 'm asking . 
  what triggered that response from a bot ? 
  apparently that was it . 
  `` wan na hear a joke ? '', 
  there were plenty of black holes . 
  would n't be surprised if there was one inside . 
  yesterday i was playing as mercy , and my team got screwed . 
  4 died and genji was in the brink of death ( though i did n't know about genji until i watched the highlight ) , so i flew towards them and rezzed them . 
  just after reviving them , i hear mei using her ult . 
  screwed 2.0 . 
  oh , and genji died just after i rezzed . 
  my head just filters out genji 's voice . 
  sorry for not clarifying . 
  edited my comment . 
  i 'd be seriously freaked as i do n't even have a dog . 
  dota is down . 
  do you want to play lol ? 
  i want to know that too . 
  it 's surprising coming from trump . 
  why would it burn in the first place ? 
  it 's not like the missile was sent into orbit or came at extreme speeds like comets or asteroids , which more often than not enter the atmosphere at mach speeds . 
  not the bees !, 
  me neither . 
  i have a 5 '' phone and even without case i find it too big . 
  i only use a rubber case that covers the border and the back from falls , but nothing big . 
  how can someone hang itself using a common door ? 
  i 'm surprised he listened . 
  you probably would n't have made it without the graviton surge . 
  this is something i have only seen in dota 2 . 
  i think it 's fantastic as it does n't deprive trolls from playing , but they get to play with other trolls . 
  if you leave or are reported constantly , you are in low priority and you ( along with anyone in your party ) are queued in the low priority pool . 
  they have fixed this a couple of times too . 
  leavers/trolls used to be placed in lp for a set time whether they played or not . 
  later , they changed that so they had to complete x amount of matches . 
  later they realized they just threw the games , so they changed it again so they had to ** win ** games in order to get out of lp , so they did n't throw the game . 
  now , since you have to pay in order to play ow , it 's different since dota , being f2p , you could create a new account and play again in high priority queue . 
  that was a bad penis joke , but i 'll take it as a compliment . 
  the thing is mercy is easy to begin with , but hard to master . 
  there are so many things you need to be aware of . 
  on the other hand , no hero is easy to master . 
  `` hello there , friends . 
  do you have a spot for one more ? '', 
  did you see this on twitch or something ? 
  this guy/gal can even write while shooting . 
  i 'm having a hard time trying to understand what 's happening here . 
  i ca n't unsee it now . 
  we were the land of gold . 
  we gave the gold to someone else . 
  they spent the gold . 
  they fucked up . 
  lol, 
  anyway , i knew it was spain just by the first sentence . 
  i 'm a simple man . 
  if i see a bird eating a reptile while standing on a plant , i just build a city there . 
  later , i give all my jewels and possesions to some stranger , and in exchange , my cities are invaded and destroyed , my people tortured , raped and/or murdered . 
  oh well ... that 's what i get for being nice . 
  i usually call people a different name even when i know their names . 
  at first they look at me confused , but they usually realize i am referring to them and attribute i 'm misnaming them just because of my personality . 
  this way i can forget their names and call them whatever the heck i want . 
  is your name * alejandro * ? 
  it does n't matter , because today you are * alberto * . 
  tomorrow you are * rodrigo * , and so on . 
  because i usually forget names or confuse them , i often call my friends for whatever name i am thinking of . 
  i 've called my best friend * pancracio * , * alfonso * , * rodrigo * , whatever even when i am completely sure he is * luis * . 
  my bad . 
  i feel so stupid right now . 
  i thought you watched this somewhere and the guy recording was writing while shooting . 
  why `` spaniard '' ? 
  just yesterday one of my cats ( sandwich ) was standing on my desk when one of his paws slipped , so he just let it go and fell down . 
  well , to be honest we 're in m\u00e9xico and luis is a common name here . 
  parkinson may be kicking in . 
  poor rein . 
  rodrigo , pancho , pancracio , beto , carlos v , anything works , really . 
  it does n't matter which name i use , he usually replies . 
  in case of doubt , just dance and hope for the best . 
  it happens . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  on the upside , people seem to agree with me that i 'm stupid .
