  now i always play using it . 
  i got sad when my friend told me he did n't get a wheel for mk8 deluxe . 
  i do n't have switch yet , and i 'm saving for a computer , so i do n't want to recklessly spend money right now . 
  one of my favorite things in mario kart is aiming at others with green shells . 
  i 'd say i hit 6 or 7 out of 10 . 
  i usually aim directly . 
  i 'm not that good at aiming bounces . 
  also if i see the other one has an item , i try to aim it so it hits it when it turns . 
  i thought i saw trump 's hair in the preview . 
  yes you have to . 
  i do n't know if it 's a distinctive trait of the race , but all gr i 've seen ( i had one ) are well mannered . 
  they need lots of space , though . 
  searched for it expecting a digimon . 
  i 've never known of another person here in m\u00e9xico who 's called hermenegildo . 
  that 's my granfather 's name . 
   tortoiseshell cats combine two colors other than white, 
  so , does that mean that my brown and black cat is a tortie instead of a calico ? 
  i 've learned something new . 
  we were not playing locally . 
  he was playing using his wii u in baja california and i was in jalisco . 
  he saw the same result . 
  i would think the replays are taken from the server , so they would be as the server interpreted them . 
  i think that the biggest inaccuracy is that the earth looks way too big . 
  its diameter should be around 5 times smaller . 
  i do n't know how much that is , but i 'll assume it 's short . 
  just imagine it 's the [ big world ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/a1n363mhaek/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  now i 'm glad it 's gone . 
  although a part of me likes it , hearing it ** every damn day ** was annoying . 
  i do n't know if i should feel good or bad about that . 
  btw , you dropped a g. 
  i absolutely love rain ... 
  except when it rains by surprise and i 'm wearing new shoes , socks and jeans ... and my laptop gets wet . 
  this has not been the best month . 
  i 'm still saving for a new computer . 
  besides that , i really , really love rain . 
  i would get out in shorts just for it . 
  it 's so relaxing . 
  at least it motivated me to save way more than i would have otherwise . 
  i 'm planning on giving the computer to my parents so they can get it fixed ( i 'm not planning on investing on it ) . 
  my mother may find it useful . 
  i wish the only thing affected was the hard drive . 
  thinking something in the lines of this :, 
   i could do * x * and many people here would die . 
  those kind of thoughts are scary , but they 're pretty much human . 
  ^ [ [ 1 ] ] ( https://evolutioncounseling.com/thoughts-of-death/ ), 
  oh , now i see why you said that . 
  i did n't pay attention to that . 
  `` sometimes life puts you in difficult circumstances you did n't choose , but being happy or unhappy is a choice you make , and i 've chosen to make the best of things that i can . '', 
  although i personally do not think happiness is a choice at all , i always try to see these things as bumps in life . 
  shit happens , but it 's up to if you to brush it off and go on or rant about it and make things worse ; i 've chosen to brush it off , acknowledge that my computer got wet and take proper actions , which in this case are :, 
  * getting a new computer . 
  * not leaving the new computer near the window . 
  * give the computer to my parents . 
  damn . 
  may i post two ? 
  if so :, 
  `` sometimes life puts you in difficult circumstances you did n't choose , but being happy or unhappy is a choice you make , and i 've chosen to make the best of things that i can . '', 
  `` i see now that the circumstances of one 's birth are irrelevant ; it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are . '', 
  although i think neither is entirely true , i really appreciate the tone and makes me think different . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.potterybarn.com/pbimgs/rk/images/dp/wcm/201705/0010/bamboo-silver-gilt-wall-mirror-o.jpg ) you have it . 
  not really . 
  i just want to be positive , knowing fully the limits of reality . 
  the war against drugs creates huge misery . 
  hopefully this is a step towards regulation and taxing drugs instead of just ban them and blame cartels on it . 
  i am still wondering why the wii u failed . 
  it has dozens of wonderful games , and some reports were showing people in line to buy the xbox one or play station 4 were buying the wii u instead due to the new releases . 
  wtf dude !? 
  putting fire on other people 's cars is rude !, 
  yes . 
  implying trump would n't lie even under oath . 
  jump the wall and come to mexico for some . 
  as long as it 's not a 100 % cut through the stomach . 
  holy shit !, 
  that 's some next level pareidolia !, 
  i 'm used to smileys and things on this sub , but this is something else . 
  i 'd put this in r/mildlyinteresting . 
  he was n't wearing any common sense either . 
  that bastard !, 
  he 's a genius !, 
  -- how high were you at noon ? 
  -- very . 
  at least you could see some action . 
  most of the times i get to see the sea or something like that . 
  reminds me of the little plastic toys that were released by kellog 's in early 2000s . 
  well , you 've got ta grab them by the crowd with something . 
  thinking about it , the mexican government barely thinks about it , but it at least worries and sends help ( not much , but hey , they 're helping ! ) . 
  before 2017 , i would have thought the us government would do much better . 
  now i think it will just try to protect mar-a-lago and leave the rest of the country to rot . 
  -- wow how much do other cars stand ? 
  -- uh ... 3 cars . 
  he 's very intelligent . 
  you know it . 
  he knows it . 
  everyone knows it !, 
  you just nudged it over and over and made yourself be respected !, 
  then googles it and finds out most of them support 4 + cars . 
  to be fair , the only things he heard since `` birth '' were that he was powerful and could be used to serve humans ( not humanity ) , so he thought humans were slaving pok\u00e9mon . 
  then giovanni arrived , persuaded him and made things even worse . 
  i am not sure about this , but he may have not tried to conquer the world if he had not met giovanni . 
  i used to play with a friend , so by the time i took the brother down , i was already rich .
