  happy for no apparent reason . 
  i do n't find this funny in the slightest ; instead , i think this is really cool . 
  is vantablack cheap ? 
  i 'd love to have a vantablack object and mess with people . 
  `` fine , then . 
  here you go . 
  do n't come asking for more . '', 
  how long have you been hoarding these ? 
  different kind of game , but dota also has the option to choose the items ( each hero has a slot for body parts , so they can mix items from different sets ) for the hero before the game starts . 
  also , you can add global items like couriers , music or weather effects to a random pool . 
  i would love to see something like this in ow . 
  i think the circle is a good idea , and the timer is a much better idea ; however , what i think we need is to know ** who ** is dead and who we are going to rez . 
  why not display their heads instead of just a * x3 * ? 
  it happens more often than not . 
  it usually is because the second hero respawns before you rez . 
  i do n't use reaper , but i absolutely love nevermore for its black plague feeling . 
  now , i think both mariachi skins work for him as they are either completely black or white . 
  unfortunately , the big hat is a burden . 
  an angry precision german engineered tank is charging towards you with one hammer in each hand . 
  what do you do ? 
  easy : when i stopped playing dota to play overwatch , which was at minute 4 . 
  since i got ow , i have played a total of 2 dota matches . 
  do n't everybody like cute shit ? 
  is n't that why we 're here ? 
  until you discover the mating habits of sea otters . 
  also it might be that you barely miss the rez area for the second hero . 
  it can strike the us . 
  kinda . 
  some alaskan islands . 
  here in guadalajara we only have bike shaped bike racks . 
  such a lack of imagination . 
  i think it 'd be pretty common for europeans to mess up . 
  the euro sign goes at the end . 
  as far as i know , the double bar is strictly used for us dollars , while single bar can be used for any currency that does not have a specific symbol . 
  here in m\u00e9xico when we write $ 23 for example , it is assumed that it 's 23 pesos , not dollars . 
  that 's why i gave my mom a kindle . 
  $ 9 usd for a card ? 
  no thanks . 
  that 's more than i can afford . 
  took me a minute to realize i was n't seeing a bunny . 
  us american , if you will . 
  i read * superhero * instead of * sombrero * . 
  i was so confused . 
  to be honest , even when i 've watched this gif dozens of times , i was expecting a computer mouse . 
  i do n't know why this is related to the post , but i like it either way . 
  `` this might seem unexpected , but i am in a situation in which i need assistance in the form of health restoration . 
  i would be very pleased if someone on this team were so kind as to traverse the enemy lines in order to provide me with such thing . '', 
  plot twist : there are no leaks because there will be no event . 
  f5 * hope * ... nothing . 
  plot twist : d.va headshoots you when you 're hiding behind it . 
  plot twist 2 : a stray bullet destroys the sign at the last moment , and you die . 
  i always push d.va off ledges when she 's playing . 
  128 % of the times they stare back at me . 
  are you sure that 's not a giant shark ? 
  i went with some friends to a mall . 
  we were in the food area , and we were having a really good day . 
  i started to notice the guys in front of me started to feel uncomfortable and/or disgusted . 
  then the one who was in front of me asked me to stand up and go with him . 
  after i agreed , he said something similar to the following :, 
   the guy over there is masturbating . 
  i turned around and saw that man with his hands under his pants masturbating . 
  after a while we could n't stand it and we just left . 
  we saw that same guy masturbating somewhere else later . 
  i wish i could forget that . 
  i understood 7.3 % of what you said , but whatever you said , i feel the same . 
  `` parr !, 
  i want you in my office now ! '', 
  working for tata consultancy services ... just floating by . 
  if i ca n't move to iceland , i want to move to canada . 
  seems like a nice place to live . 
  the money could be used for rehab centers . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm actually thinking mei did n't get the potg because i started shooting . 
  mei was alive , but they would have gotten out of the blizzard without zarya . 
  i think the battle mercy highlight intro would have been really good here . 
  what a shame i ca n't select it after the highlight has been created . 
  * insert lenny face here *, 
  as a mercy main , my heart broke . 
  hey , this is overwatch , not dota . 
  she does a decent amount of damage . 
  also , she was headshooting him . 
  today i was playing as rein , and i saw junkrat ( thanks , hanzo ) hiding behind the wall in the second point in dorado . 
  i charged at him , and while i was charging i heard `` fire in the hole ! '' . 
  did n't see the rip tire , but junkrat was lying dead on the floor . 
  i assumed i killed the tire too . 
  sometimes it happens when watching replays . 
  i do n't know why that happens . 
  it 's so weird . 
  when i see the thumbnail , i see a face ; but as soon as i enlarge it , i do n't see it . 
  this might go in r/misleadingthumbnails . 
  speaking of which , is trolling in skirmish punishable by death ? 
  sadly , i agree with both of you . 
  shitty computer is my best bet . 
  nah , i do n't do that . 
  i do like pushing d.va out of cliffs when she is playing , though . 
  then he comes to reddit , checks this and is happy to see his classmate suffer . 
  what ? 
  lol !, 
  did you even try ? 
  tubby custard .
