  the moment they start thinking about the alternative they think `` ugh . 
  i 'm becoming a liberal . '', 
  and go back to not thinking . 
  time for a new sub !, 
  [ la prima volta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcglhk79-n0 ) is one of my favorite songs which i do n't understand . 
  hahahaha . 
  yeah . 
  i could n't stop laughing the first time i watched the video . 
  flat earthers and moon landing deniers . 
  \u014ckami 2 is well overdue . 
  i know \u014ckamiden exists , but still ... 
  kirby air ride 2 would be fantastic . 
  i know mario kart exists , but kar was really fun too !, 
  super mario sunshine 2 . 
  i loved sms as much as i loved super mario galaxy , and i 'd love to get a sequel . 
  i did n't enjoy super mario galaxy 2 as much , though . 
  i may be wrong , but that looks like a [ clathrus archeri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clathrus_archeri ) or most commonly known as devil 's fingers still in development . 
  now she knows . 
  facepalming has been my favorite hobby since he announced he 'd run for president . 
  facepalming has been my favorite hobby since he announced he 'd run for president . 
  he does . 
  all the money goes to mar-a-lago . 
  did you stitch that cute bandana on his neck ? 
  nono . 
  the bus hit u/bulletbilll so hard it 's now on low earth orbit . 
  it looked like a movie roll to me . 
  that mud forest is sick af . 
  i had a girlfriend once . 
  she was beautiful , but her personality was completely meh to me . 
  we went out to malls and watched movies i did n't like . 
  we went to eat and we did n't have any conversation in common . 
  it was so awkward . 
  i have n't had a gf since , because it 's too much of a hassle . 
  i 'd rather play video games . 
  i 've had a few crushes , but i 've been single for years , and the money i get from work is for myself and my cats , so i 'm not really interested . 
  how sad , but glad she lived the best way she could . 
  are we alone ? 
  the most likely answer is * no * , but until we find life outside earth , the answer will be * yes * . 
  when i was about 12 i got ready to school * thinking i was late , and got out of the house . 
  after i was out , i realized it was like 2 am and fully woke up . 
  i knocked hard the door , but i was out for like 20 minutes because my parents ' room is on the farthest side from the main door . 
  * only put on the school blazer but the rest was the things i slept with . 
  you may want to update your graphics . 
  that looks like \u014ckami . 
  getting closer and closer . 
  it 's already surpassed microscopic levels on its way to atomic ones . 
  the color changes in contact with water . 
  it works only with hot water . 
  dude proceeds to mark his hands on the car due to his body temperature . 
  the person who wrote this is clueless . 
  used only by the highest ranking gay sanghelios elites . 
  i do n't like the name at all , though . 
  elaborate why . 
  trump appoints someone . 
  that person disappoints trump within a month of being appointed . 
  trump either fires that person or makes its life miserable . 
  if trump appoints someone new , repeat steps . 
  that 's incest , and it 's forbidden in several cultures . 
  good luck , guys !, 
  low budget rodeo . 
  * takes a pic *, 
  i 'm sending it to the police !, 
  i have n't gone to the doctor since i recovered , because i figured that since i just had diarrhea and vomit , it 'd be more of a nuisance rather than good news if i paid her a visit . 
  spent all my money on razors . 
  whoops !, 
  damn . 
  i think i need more negativity in my life in order to accomplish such things . 
  the ones i 've seen in mazatl\u00e1n , sinaloa are not bigger than 3cm from head to abdomen . 
  what a bummer . 
  spiders are super cool . 
  they eat flies and mosquitoes , and they wo n't bother you in any way . 
  i do n't have any . 
  would shooting my cats work ? 
  also , would pellet guns work ? 
  real guns are illegal in mexico , and i 'm too lazy to join a drug cartel . 
  i do n't know any narco , anyway . 
  if only i had a basement . 
  god dammit !, 
  why does this has to be too difficult ? 
  i have an ipod nano , and i use it quite frequently as i hate taking my 5 '' phone out just to skip a song . 
  i think event items should not be able to be purchased within the time that the event is held . 
  after 6 months of being finished , they can be sold for full price , and after a year of finished , they go down to non-event prices . 
  my computer broke and i have n't played ow in over three months ( about 4 days before the anniversary event ended ) , and i 'm still confused about this . 
  when was this added , and how does it work ? 
  does it only record highlights or can it record any event ? 
  if she were in steven universe . 
  a penguin in iceland ? 
  that explains it . 
  yeah , but even the pri is no trump ass kisser . 
  let 's keep it in english for the rest . 
  what i 'd like is an [ instant-runoff voting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/instant-runoff_voting ) system , so there are no wasted votes . 
  that 'd take more time , but it 's way more precise at checking what people want . 
  pe\u00f1a nieto is stupid , no doubt ; however , if i 'm not mistaken , he invited trump and hillary , but only trump came to m\u00e9xico , which further decreased pe\u00f1a 's approval rating ; however , by stating that we wo n't pay for the wall and standing his ground not giving up , he recovered some points . 
  standing against trump even when he said if m\u00e9xico was not going to pay for the wall , he would not come was really good . 
  i was impressed , even . 
  i run in the 7th circle of hell ... 
  so , maybe both ? 
  if said `` circle '' were 2x1 mm , then it 'd be an oval . 
  there is no specifics on why the crying , but i 'd asume it could be from sadness , happiness and laughter . 
  i 'll choose crying all the time .
