  re : insulting ataturk , it 's still a crime on paper but i 'm not aware of any current trials and accusations regarding that , while i 'm aware of many insults and criticisms that could technically be taken to court under that article . 
  what about denying turkey now ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  do you mean the `` insulting turkishness '' article ? 
  same thing with that , it 's there but not being used to actively incriminate anyone . 
  re : who was first , that 's not even relevant . 
  turks do n't even claim to be the first nation to live in anatolia , because that would be ridiculous for anyone who knows a tiny bit of history . 
  they have , however , been the founding force behind the last 3 countries that ruled over anatolia while kurdish culture stayed local and remained under the rule of various governments with dominant persian , arabic and turkish cultures . 
  nothing wrong with that , and does n't by any means indicate that they should have any less rights . 
  but turkey having been found with a nationalist ideology rampant in 19th and 20th centuries all over the continent ( which brought down the ottoman empire as well ) , was concerned with unity and employed terrible strategies to keep that . 
  as concerned as , say , greece , to actually [ exchange mutual minorities en masse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_exchange_between_greece_and_turkey ) to avoid future problems . 
  that could n't be done with kurds as there was no government to do that with , so the nation state was stuck with a large minority and dealt with it in cruel ways . 
  re : education and language , good for sweden if that 's actually possible , i would hope that it would become the case for turkey as well , and , say , germany . 
  there are actually schools in turkey ( starting at high school level i believe ) that allow this for foreign languages like english , french , german , italian etc. 
  i honestly do n't know if there is a legal or simply a de facto obstacle for the same with kurdish . 
  ** edit : ** in fact i also know of primary schools teaching in russian and ukranian , so i really do n't know what it is legally that prevents similar kurdish schools from appearing . 
  perhaps something to do with the distinction between immigrants and local minorities . 
  re : bias , i should n't say you specifically , because i do n't know your personal attitude towards minorities , but i 've read enough discriminatory comments on / r/europe to know that not everyone is fine and dandy with demands of minorities and immigrants . 
  as for governmental bias , i linked to merkel 's attitude towards turkish schools . 
  in general there 's a demand towards integration in europe while the same people demand the opposite from turkey , and demand that it give certain rights to its minorities when they would n't consider that for their own population . 
  i 'm all for turkey granting those rights , but i think europe should too . 
  regardless of all this , i do n't think the extreme concern of gul and erdogan has any solid basis , and turkey has a lot of room for improvement itself - i 'm more concerned about human rights and freedom of expression in general than ethnic discrimination ( which i think has improved a lot ) really . 
  turks themselves suffer quite a bit from their own government 's policies . 
   so , why are is turkey not admitting it ? 
  it 's a political question now more than discriminatory . 
  i could cite many reasons deniers cite here from semantics to content , but you 'll have to excuse me for not playing the devil 's advocate for this for the third time this month . 
  let 's just stick to the subject of active discrimination towards minorities and immigrants * today * . 
   why on earth have you denied them this for so long . 
  there were certainly despicable policies towards kurds and their language in the past , but the government and the official attitude has changed now . 
  why would you blame the current government and policies for the mistakes of the past that were acknowledged and remedied ? 
   do you have a lot of kurdish ministers , ambassadors etc ? 
  yes , there are actually more kurdish-origin mps by ratio than there are in the population at large . 
  we had a kurdish president ( turgut \u00d6zal ) back when pkk was active at its peak with mass civillian killings . 
   you do not seem to understand that they have lived in your country forever , but you see them as some foreign part . 
  of course i understand this , you are the one who brought the comparison up with immigrants ( when kurds , in reality , are n't so ) , so i 'm just answering your specific questions about which you seem to have a clear misperception . 
  the issue the government used to take with kurds was n't with the kurdish origin of anyone , it was with increasing demands for a national identity separate from that of a nation state , and the separatist ambitions . 
  not every kurd wanted a separate state or refused the turkish identity , and those became equal and successful parts of the nation state . 
  allowing kurds to deal with all official matters in kurdish would leave no need for them to learn turkish and ` integrate ' to the nation state , increasing the need for a separate state . 
  this is understandably not desirable , but the policies used to enforce this were ridiculous . 
  that has changed now , and further changes are coming up . 
   i think you have to specify the minority group and the country let 's say your pick of a western european country and demands for education in native language , local governance or change of citizenship definition to not involve the nation in question . 
  so basically asking you not to call a third-generation turkish immigrant in germany `` german '' because they do n't feel they 're german and would like to preserve their national identity . 
  [ or would demands to be educated in all-turkish schools be tolerated ? 
  ] ( http://www.dw.de/merkel-rebuffs-call-for-turkish-schools-in-germany/a-5403967 ) is n't asking the same of turkey a bit hypocritical when you would n't have any such thing in your own country ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i actually mostly support the current changes my country is going through in regards to this with few reservations . 
  i 'm just calling you out on your bias . 
  i agree with the former ( that turkey needs to deal with the baggage of the past ) though there is * currently * no negative attitude towards turkish armenians from the majority ( there are exceptions and minor groups , of course , as there would be ) . 
  and yes , turkey has been attempting to deal with the discrimination of kurds to the point of going into official talks with the terrorist group . 
  the only rights left that kurds currently demand are official education in kurdish ( not language education , mind you ) and local self-governence . 
  edit : also forgot the demands of some to rewrite the definition of citizenship of the country that does n't involve the word `` turkish '' . 
  would you like to compare these demands with those of minority groups and immigrants in europe ? 
  you do n't have to apologize if you did n't downvote . 
  the downvotes do n't bother me due to karma , it 's just disappointing to see people choose a comfortable lie over actual data without even reading the thing ( the first few downvotes came instantly after i posted ) . 
  instead of using an obviously false statistic and a blatant lie , you can look at budget distributions if you want a relatively meaningful indicator of government policy . 
  one could point out the fact that one of the largest chunks of the budget of this supposedly secular government goes to the [ presidency ( not ministry ) of religious affairs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presidency_of_religious_affairs ) ( 4.5 billion lira ) . 
  this is more than what 11 ministries each get including ministries of internal affairs , foreign affairs , science & technology , tourism , health , and environment . 
  there are other ministries that exceed the budget for religious affairs though , like ministries of national defense , family & social policy , labour & social security , finance , transport & communication , forest & water management ... oh and education , almost forgot that . 
  the latter gets 68.1 billion lira , if you 're interested in comparing numbers . 
  i hate having to defend these guys but the obviously ignorant criticism really is n't helping anyone at all and only serves to make you look bad . 
  the fact that you can actually believe that a government could get away with building 0 schools in a country with a constant population increase ( which the pm encourages ) is despicable in an of itself . 
  i 'm using all keyword combinations i can think of and failing to find the original source of that information . 
  on top of that , the only document i could find that has any data about this says 3807 schools were built in 4 years ( could n't find a 10-year statistic ) ** . 
  there is also further news that say the number of girls that do n't attend school have dropped from 873,000 to 56,000 since akp came to power . 
  on the other hand , the number of new mosques in 10 years is said to be around 7,500 in many sources , not 17,000 . 
  i can rant forever about akp 's policies on education and religion , but not with false information . 
  ** : went ahead and checked the [ official statistics ] ( http://www.turkstat.gov.tr/ ) . 
  15,000 new schools from preschool to highschool . 
  i do n't understand what you 're downvoting here when all i 'm doing is fact-checking . 
   however , everyone it taught from an early age why we should hate the `` barbaric turks '' the official sentiment taught in turkey towards greeks and other neighbours is distrust and resentment more than hatred per se , it 's mostly rooted in ` how they betrayed us * despite our great treatment of them within the empire for centuries ' . 
  we 're basically surrounded almost entirely by countries that wanted independence from our * rule through bloody wars , come to think of it . 
  it 's not as bad as it used to be some 15 years ago though . 
  somehow , i think the mutual aid during the 1999 earthquakes in the two countries helped heaps in that regard , but that 's a personal observation more than anything ( ninja edit : [ apparently it was n't just me ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek%e2%80%93turkish_earthquake_diplomacy ) ) . 
  as for cypriots specifically , it 's usually not very distinct from the perception of greeks in general , but the `` no '' from the south in the referendum did n't help much ( though i understand that you guys had your reasons for it ) . 
  the conflict in cyprus is usually seen as one between turks and greeks instead of cypriots of turkish and greek origin , which i see as part of the problem . 
  * : i use `` us '' loosely , ottomans were a complicated bunch and the republic is n't really a continuation of that trend . 
  thanks for the detailed answer . 
  i was partly asking for comparison with the other language and cultural conflicts i 'm familiar with ( francophone-anglophone in quebec and canada , and turkish-kurdish in turkey ) . 
  the histories are entirely different obviously , not even going to try and draw similarities there , but i 'm interested in how language and education works out with large cultural minorities , especially since my own country is attempting to come up with a solution on just that as we speak . 
  we could argue forever on who 's to blame for causing the division , but that 's never going to have a simple answer and would be entirely pointless so i 'm not going there . 
  i tend to think the onus is on the majority to act maturely and help the integration of the minority population for their own sake if for nothing else , but that obviously ca n't even begin to happen before the physical separation of the island is lifted . 
  i do n't even know if there are any talks of possible scenarios of this happening at all , it 's does n't get any coverage at all in turkish media and has been so since the referendum , pretty much . 
  occasionally comes up as an eu demand and i 've not seen it even being debated in a long long time . 
  out of curiosity , with two official languages , how does the common cypriot culture and communication work out ? 
  is everyone ( ideally ) bilingual , or is that expectation placed on one or the other culture unequally ? 
  edit : i realize that it 's unfortunately a divided island right now , so i do n't know to what extent the two cultures that share the island can actually mix . 
  my question is about how you think it should and would work in a one-state solution . 
   i do n't think the ethnicity is the cause . 
  glad to hear that . 
  the resistance to integration could be due to confidence found in numbers , it 's certainly a complicated problem that some countries face with some large minority groups . 
  i think that 's a separate problem from crime but can certainly be a factor . 
  any chance this has to do with socioeconomic status and not ethnicity ? 
  crime is never a simple one-sided question . 
  note : not a defensive question , just think poor minorities of any ethnic origin are going to have higher criminal tendencies than the well-off majority . 
  maybe it was because most of their able kids who would grow up to organize a revolt were being employed by the government through dev\u015firme . 
  or maybe not . 
  edit : and you should get credit for leading me to look that revolt thing up . 
  i think he was referring to the perception of the empire by modern day turkey . 
  i 'll preface the rest of this comment by saying i 'm not an expert on ottoman politics and am open to ( and interested in ) fact-checks . 
  official history taught in turkey says the ottoman empire could n't care less about cultural assimilation and only cared that it got its tax from newly invaded lands ( [ mostly true for local language , religion and law ] ( http://tinyurl.com/yd8c3b ) , but for details see the next paragraph ) . 
  things did n't get very nasty with minority subjects until nationalism became a thing in early - / mid - 19th century .
