that was wishful thinking/reporting on hurriyet 's part it seems , there are more people there now than yesterday and the day before . 
  that 's what i gather from [ this photo ] ( http://twitter.com/cigdemmater/status/340044311532015616/photo/1 ) anyway . 
  there are probably more immediate reasons for leaving greece than religion currently , but you ca n't blame people who do n't want to leave the place they call home and attempt to improve their life there . 
  because there is a [ muslim minority ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_greece ) , presumably ? 
  [ the first photo ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2013/05/26/01016-20130526livwww00064-manifestation-mariage-gay-direct.php?page=&amp;pagination=13 ) ( scroll down to 18:04 on the timeline ) [ the second photo ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2013/05/24/01016-20130524artfig00448-la-france-rebelle.php ) the last one exists in some blogs , but it seems to be a screenshot from a live broadcast ( see the top left of the photo ) , so that 's not likely to make it to the official news outlets . 
  the ` horrific ' part is the extent of the restrictions ; complete ban on ads , sponsorships , blurred out alcohol whenever it appears on tv including films , restriction of sales near mosques ( which are more frequent location-wise than churches are in europe ) and educational institutions etc. 
  this goes beyond most of those in european countries that are apparently the taken-for-granted standard only on alcohol laws and not on other accounts , and all that [ despite the lack of the alcohol consumption/abuse problem in turkey ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:alcohol_consumption_per_capita_world_map.png ) that these restrictions are supposed to fight . 
  i 'm just saying , some of the people that get pestered about this ( online , anyway , and certainly not only by armenians ) are pretty much the only allies you have to change the stance of the government in the first place . 
  as for the rest who actually deny the genocide , pestering them about it in every venue regardless of relevance only serves to reinforce their prejudice that will prevent them to look beyond the official history they 've been taught . 
  the government 's stance is very much dependent on internal politics * , but also foreign policy . 
  i remember some tentative attempts at opening the border with armenia immediately hurt our relationships with azerbaijan for a good while . 
  and if it comes down to a pick between azerbaijan and armenia ( and it will , until the two countries fix their own relationships ) , the choice for turkey is obvious . 
  not just because of ethnicity ( that does play a role ) , but because armenia does n't have much power of its own as it is , beyond international lobbies and support . 
  azerbaijan has oil and gas . 
  sadly , that 's pretty much all that matters down the line . 
  so it 's not just a matter of stubbornness and semantics on the governmental level and that 's harder to fix than the individual level . 
  * : i was going to say that this is one of the few governments that has been able to get away with acts that go against the status quo of nationalism ( esp . 
  the latest developments with the kurds ) , so it might be a good opportunity to press for further action in that direction . 
  but then again , they 're doing what they 're doing with a strong islamic flavour and using that as the common ground and it 's from both sides too ; the kurdish leader ocalan slipped several strong statements blaming armenians , jews and the greek for lobbying against turkey in the us and pitting muslim turks against muslim kurds for their own benefit . 
  [ those statements ] ( http://www.bianet.org/bianet/siyaset/144737-imrali-gorusmesi-tutanagi#.us9g5wadera.twitter ) ( in turkish , but ctrl + f for `` ermeni '' and google-translate relevant parts if you want ) slipped by the western media for whatever reason , but the current new status quo in turkey is moving from nationalism to an islam-centered alliance , so that 's not likely to benefit armenians any more than the previous state . 
  knowing that the genocide featured a similar alliance does n't help the situation either . 
  i 'll jump in assuming you 're looking for a response from any turk and not specifically the author of the parent comment . 
  if not , ignore me . 
  i like armenians , feel more culturally close to them then i do to western/northern europe , turkic countries in central asia or the muslim middle east , appreciate their cultural and architectural contributions to the land i was born in , [ love their music ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2poawxocfm ) , and appreciate their ( tragically dwindled ) presence in my country . 
  i feel like there is a lot of reciprocity of these feelings with turkish-armenians , but ca n't say the same about the diaspora from what i 've seen ( in montreal , specifically ) . 
  yes , i think an ethnic cleansing happened in anatolia targeting armenians , whatever name you are going to give it is semantics . 
  if , as the victims , you perceive it as genocide , i 'll respect that . 
  i do n't care what it 's called - most debate is over semantics that takes the emphasis off the actual tragedy of more than a million lives lost and many more forced off of their homeland . 
  what annoys me to no end are the assumptions that come from me being turkish . 
  i 'm not involved in any personal way in any historical or current event that hurt an armenian individual or group . 
  i have n't cast a single vote for a politician that denies the genocide and make an active effort to argue for and protect minority rights in my country . 
  and i should n't have to make this declaration every time i identify as a turk . 
  i 'm constantly expected to feel guilt for something that i 'm not in any way involved in . 
  i have all the sympathy in the world for the victims of genocide as well as the armenians who persist in living on their homeland despite the history and hostile nationalist minorities . 
  but as i saw someone saying in some other thread yesterday , this is starting to become worthy of having a godwin 's law all of its own . 
  every single conversation about anything turkish takes about a comment or two before the genocide comes up . 
  not every turk denies the genocide , it 's rarely relevant , and every time someone invokes it irrelevantly , it takes away from meaningful conversations both on the genocide and the original subject at hand . 
  i 'm only a couple genocide interrogations away from acting like the troll people expect me to be . 
  so there , now you know how i feel about armenians , the genocide , and questions about the genocide . 
  cheers . 
  for a while i was a bit concerned about all these orchid lands because [ etymology ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?allowed_in_frame=0&amp;search=orchid&amp;searchmode=none ) . 
  the flower has old colloquial names that refer to that same etymological root in at least 3 other languages ( english , turkish and arabic ) that i know of ( the english ones being ballockwort and dogstones , for example ) . 
  these country names could 've been problematic if chinese was another such language . 
   at least now you admit the percentage increase this is not a constant trend ( the increase in percentage of budget ) , there has always been absolute increase not just in education but in most ministry budgets , because overall budget increased . 
  this year 's increase is an exception , not reflective of akp 's constant commitment to education throughout their rule . 
  your initial point , education taking the biggest slice , was both technically inaccurate , and not reflective of any positive reforms in an of itself . 
  and you did n't even address the last link i gave , which pointed out that the percentage of expenditure on reform within the education budget and spending on higher education has been on a consistent decrease throughout akp 's rule with the exception of this last year 's budget . 
   `` the only change is lower military budget . '', 
  which is not true . 
  it 's not my problem if you 're unable to infer from context that i 'm talking about relative percentage in the budget . 
   `` speaking at a press conference in the turkish capital of ankara on tuesday , simsek said that education and health were the two top sectors in the budget for 2013 . '', 
  yea , i do n't see any numbers there . 
  the yearly survey put the number of full-time equivalent r&d employees in turkey at 92,801 . 
  that is not reflective of government support of research . 
  i am also talking about percentage of total spending/budget , again , and not absolute increases . 
  how many times am i going to have to specify this ? 
  you were concerned about military budget , now we 're back to education ? 
  i already addressed your point about the education budget . 
  here 's a more detailed and insightful look at the numbers you 're quoting ; http://www.egitimis.org.tr/ ( s ( jaoseb55max5qtivefvxub45 ) ) / haberdetay.aspx?hid = 1591 keep in mind that these are based on the initial suggested amount from the ministry , not the finalized budget the parliament agreed on , so feel free to look only at previous trends and ignore the data points for 2013 , while acknowledging that the ministry itself had no intention of almost doubling its percentage from the overall budget . 
  you realize that this year 's extreme burst ( in percentage of overall budget ) was quite exceptional and the increase has never been that dramatic before , right ? 
  that burst was needed for the major change they 've planned ( 4 +4 +4 ) , which i 'm not sure is a move in the positive direction anyway . 
  they 're doing * something * to education , they need the money for it , this year 's budget increase reflects that . 
  the `` 6-fold increase '' is misleading , as the budget itself had a 3-fold increase . 
  and again , none of this means or guarantees that the change they 're investing in is a positive one anyway . 
  i also wish to know how the ( necessarily ) decreasing percentages of other ministries ( particularly health and science & technology as personal interest ) are affecting services and investments in those areas and whether the compromise is worth it . 
  edit : ministry of health had a 82.7 percent decrease in its budget in 2013 . 
  how cool is that ? 
  the percentage fell . 
  you ca n't compare percentages in one comment and then switch to the actual amounts in the next . 
  the overall budget increased , every ministry gets more money . 
  if you 're going to work with the actual amounts , your point about education becomes even less relevant and significant than it was with percentage values . 
   education takes the biggest slice from the turkish budget pie . 
  not technically true ( and it 's not even advertised that way in [ zaman ] ( http://www.zaman.com.tr/ekonomi_2013-butcesinden-en-yuksek-payi-maliye-bakanligi-aldi_2004286.html ) ) . 
  ministry of finance ( maliye ) is first , treasury ( hazine m\u00fcste\u015farl\u0131\u011f\u0131 ) is second . 
  but yes , education comes right after those two in the 2013 budget . 
  it is not as huge a change from before though - the only change is lower military budget . 
  i ca n't find any budget distributions from before 2000 now , but 2001 budget had the ranking finance-treasury-military-education . 
  education has a huge staff load to pay ( unlike many other ministries ) , the high budget ( both pre - and post-akp ) does n't necessarily mean it 's being used towards innovation . 
  it could be , but the raw budget percentage is not a very meaningful statistic is what i 'm saying . 
  47/47 for europe , though i doubt much of that is due to the education system - we do n't do much euro-specific geography at all ( in fact , now that i think back , we do n't do much world geography at all - all we really do is learn about rivers and mountains in turkey ) . 
  balkans are from history , some are from eurovision and euro cup , the rest is from my personal obsession with flags . 
  edit : for the world game , i have a screenshot from an older time when i got 160/197 with a few embarrassing misses including my own country , but when i played again now i only got 129 . 
  probably because the previous one was within weeks of helping a friend memorize african capitals . 
  south america and the caribbean kills me . 
  riga was one of the last cities standing in my conquest of the baltics with hungary in europa universalis 3 recently . 
  i kind of want to go see the city myself now . 
  i also really like the colours of the flag . 
  re : armenian genocide - i 'm not defending that , i just told you i 'd be playing the devil 's advocate if i were to start talking about the reasons and the semantics and the history of it all . 
  i 've done that too many times recently and i 'm just not going there now . 
  re : discrimination in the past vs. today , the current government is a huge improvement on this issue as opposed to the past , and their attitude is different from what you 're ( and i was ) complaining about . 
  they opened a kurdish tv run by the government , no more bans or negative attitudes towards the language or the music , they allowed kurdish language courses , plus kurdish classes are available in some universities that want to offer them as well . 
  that 's what comes to mind just now . 
  there are negatives as well , they 've been jailing some journalists and civillian officers for alleged links to pkk , but i can safely say that the kurds are equal in that sense with turks as both are being jailed for extended amounts of time with poor reasoning in trials that take forever . 
  not only officials but famous artists and such have indeed apologized for any discrimination they had been responsible for , and the official stance now is to make the past right . 
  you 're giving me a report from 2003 , which is the year when the current government came to power anyway . 
  you may underestimate the change in government , but it 's triggered huge paradigm shifts ( both positive and negative ) in the country - it was n't a mere name change as previous changes were . 
  re : kurdish origin and being openly kurdish , they are obviously open about being kurdish , we 're not guessing their origins by looking at their faces or by checking family histories , the statistic i gave you was through self-report from the mps . 
  they have n't always had the opportunity of being open about it , that was n't possible some 20 years ago , and yet here we are now . 
  re : finland/canada/spain , indeed , and turkey is looking for a feasible solution to this as we speak with the new constitution being written up . 
  horrible strategies were employed , lessons were learned at the expense of people on both sides , and another solution is being sought as a result .
