  i 've really found that the tax system is mearly a nuisance ( that said , i pay an accountant handle the obligatory paperwork , i do n't know how it works in britain ) . 
  i 've never been in a position of ` if only i could do x but i ca n't because taxes ' . 
  yep . 
  started feb 2011  . 
  i 'm located in the lot and garonne which makes hiring interesting , but the quality of life here makes up for it . 
  i 've more or less made the opposite journey to you . 
  i came over when i was 10 , did my studies here and am now running a software company where we are starting to hire . 
  75 % top bracket . 
  another poster has put the entire income tax brackets up . 
  also , as an artist , he would n't be subjected to that rate anyway , so i ca n't see why it 's coming up so much . 
  but would have left millions ( literally ) destitute . 
  you also need social stability to have an economy , the current cuts are really on the limit , and no doubt their will be more next year . 
  greece style cuts are really an apocalyptic scenario . 
  do you really save that much by living in london , or is it just a nice side effect ? 
  btw , since you pay a tax on your euromillions lottery ticket , a big win is actually tax free ( since you 've already paid ) . 
  he was born iirc . 
  that means he used the state 's health care for that ( and probably more , up until he started acting ) . 
  which means that the number is false , since it 's presented as income tax . 
  i 've a sneaky suspicion that he 's also put contributions in to beef it up . 
  the 75 % is the higest tier , which only applies to incomes above 1m $ / year ( ie if you earn 2m $ , you get 1m $ taxed normally + 250k $ ) . 
  this was an exceptional measure ( 1 or 2 years ) to attempt to reduce the deficit which was built up giving tax cuts to the rich over the last 10 years . 
   he has more than paid back his fair share , congrats to france for slaying the chicken that laid the golden eggs you do n't ` pay your fair share ' of taxes and then your off , even in america , you have your percent and you pay it , or you fraud . 
  p.s : i 've got no love nor hate for the man , i just find the move of questionable ethics . 
  that was tried in the 80 's in the uk . 
  it was called the poll tax . 
  it was a disaster . 
  lower incomes were crushed under its load leading to widespread fraud . 
  in the end it was at least in part responsable for margaret thatcher 's fall from power . 
  why do people treat welfare as a dirty word ? 
  what is so bad about not letting people die from preventable afflictions ? 
  about not having people starve/freeze to death ? 
  also :  he decided to relinquish that right and vote with his feet . 
  once he knew that he 'd never need it again . 
   he surely paid for that 100 times over by now . 
  woosh taxes are n't a loan that you pay off , they 're more like insurance . 
  everyone pays into a central reserve , and the money from that reserve is used by the state to build roads , educate children , man the firebrigade , and keep people off the streets . 
  every few years you get to have your say by voting in a new government . 
  the system lacks transparency , and i 'm all for a more through and easier to examine way of making sure that the money is put to good use , but trying to say : hey '' , i 've made it rich , the rules no longer apply to me !, 
  time to stop doing my bit , so long and thanks for all the fish '' still is n't justifiable . 
  which goes to show that wealth does n't bring intelligence . 
  his taxes probably do n't benefit him directly as much as he 'd like , but they go to maintaining roads , and making sure people do n't starve on the streets and , gosh , might even have enough to go to the cinema from time to time . 
  there 's some of it that even goes to keeping small cinemas in some towns open , really !, 
  also , unless i 'm mistaken , he was n't born on a pile of cash , so someone had to pay taxes for the maternity where he was born , for the state education he received ( until he left at 13 , no harm there , loads of people did the same thing ) . 
  the people who paid their taxes in the 60 's did n't get their money 's worth back directly either , but he was helped through their contribution to the system . 
  today he is in the lucky position of being part of that 1 in a million club of people who have really made it . 
  but apparently , the system is for lesser mortals . 
  do n't worry , i 'm currently watching the borgias and i know how that 'll end too , 
  is this lost you 're talking about ? 
  you 've just spoiled it for me , i 've only seen s01e01 :p, 
  well where do you bury them ? 
  everyone is pissed off , everyone want 's a scape goat , they all choose each other ... . or to be more precise : their incompetent leaders point at each other and say ` but ( s ) he started it !, 
   germany made bold choices and put itself in a difficult position ; yes but they made a choice , which is magnitudes better than the thumb twirling that we 've become used to . 
  i 'd appreciate it if they had the same decisiveness regarding other matters ( like , say , the economy ) . 
   because [ ... snip ... ] the country is largely run by graduates from two universities . 
  one more than in france then , we 're a model of diversity . 
  disclaimer : i 'm living in france and love the place , but i could n't resiste the jab . 
  if he leans any more he 'll start digging a hole ... 
   man , can you imagine the mess when fn get elected ? 
  i can imagine packing my things and moving to canada , very easily !, 
   was n't the idea that the versailles treaty was what pushed germany into ww2 debunked ? 
  it did n't do it alone , no . 
  it certainly sowed seeds and helped push things along though . 
   leading to a constant revenue/gdp ratio . 
  which is what you find in pretty much any market economy . 
  was n't thatcher the leader who got by on 2 hours sleep ? 
  so much so that when john major came along the civil service had to get used to a leader who was n't reachable 24/7 ? 
  i was n't so much talking about direct contagion ( greek default causing balance sheet issues in other banks ) , rather about the markets reaction to the ez failing completely as a union and leaving one of it 's own out in the cold ( ok , greece today , who tomorrow ? ) . 
  this has n't happened yet , but must be at the back of a lot of high ranking brains . 
   but if the banks start to fail under the current system , greece will want out as staying in the euro is suicide at that point . 
  if the banks start to fail , all the trust that europe as a whole has regained since 2008 goes out the window . 
  we were singled out because we did n't have a solution to keep banks open , to handle the crises , and trying to shut off greece will basically just confirm that we still do n't . 
  this could ripple pretty badly with regards to italy , spain and portugal ( not too sure about the state of ireland ) in terms of bond yields , setting them up to be the next greece ( except that we physically ca n't bail out spain without risking some real inflation troubles ) . 
   ( csu ) general secretary andreas scheuer . 
  that 's a pretty high level position . 
  even if scheuer is n't at the table hammering out a deal , he 's in a big enough position to not shoot his mouth of against the party line . 
  if he says that , then that 's whet the csu is marching to ( albit with a bit less vitriole ) . 
  edit : comment sublitted itself too soon, 
   then when there comes a no vote they should pull the plug tho . 
  this is oh so dangerous , i 'm talking letting lehman brothers fold dangerous , just 100 times worse . 
  the ecb will be admitting publicly that the lender of last resort is n't , and that any bank or national bond in the eu is only worth the paper it 's printed on ( we are talking 10 year bonds here , and no one seems to be able to predict where we 'll be 10 months from now ) . 
  no matter how greece got into this situation , they are part of the ez , for better or ( apparently ) for worse . 
  pulling the plug would be tantamount to the us fed deciding that alabama costs too much and cutting off all federal aid ( fyi alabama receives 2 $ in aide for every 1 $ it sends washington in taxes ) . 
  finally , cutting greece off would be a major nail in the european project 's coffin , since all the nationalist parties that are gaining power atm would be able to point and say ` see , big bad europe wo n't help you , they 'll just bleed you dry and toss your corpse in a ditch ' , which regardless of veracity will be a very very powerful message . 
   as i understand it ( and bare in mind that i 'm not that well informed ) if the greek public votes no and ecb stops the emergency liquidity to greek banks it would look really bad for ecb . 
  worse than that , it would undermine all the trust that has been built up since 2008 . 
  contagion would be all but guaranteed . 
  corrected , by hands off i should have said supply side . 
  my apologies . 
  you still have n't addressed the fact that the new deal ( 1933 onward ) fixed things whereas hoover 's austerity made them worse though . 
  you 've provided plenty of examples of that yourself . 
   which policies in particular ? 
  false choice is false , i 'm talking about the hands-off approach taken during the first years , both by the gouvernement and by the central bank . 
   are the statements about unemployment false ? 
  no , but they do n't have to be , since unemployement will only fall after demand ( and hence gdp ) has already risen . 
  seeing unemployement trail gdp is not a surprise . 
   it 's not a question whether or not gdp would raise but did government intervention do anything towards that measure . 
  gdp rose when fdr replaced hoover and the head of the federal reserve changed and the money press was started . 
  which one of those two had the most influence is still up for debate , but chances are a mixture of both were needed . 
   and no austrians are n't the only ones that dispute keynes intervention methods . 
  i 'm repeating a bit of another comment of mine here : the fun bit is that both keynesian and monetarist theroeis call for the same basic remedy : get money back into the system and get it moving .
