  the aftermath of wwii was handled very differently , which in part allowed germany and japan to recover and become the powerhouses they are today . 
  it should also be considered that the people responsible for this mess are n't the ones suffering under the obligations . 
  you ca n't punish a country for what its leadership does . 
  i thought the 20th century had taught us at least that much . 
  do n't know about proof , but it would be a very interesting simulation : offsetting the commercial advantage a weaker euro provides against the cost of keeping greece on life support ( not talking about a cure here , since no northern country seems interested in greece actually getting back on its feet , hell , that might even strengthen the euro ) . 
  good to know . 
  i 'm so happy that the relationship between fiscal policy and gdp is in such capable hands ( fyi , if gdp goes down so does tax revenue , so you generally do n't want to kill your economy if getting money to reimburse debts is your goal ) . 
   but is not greece that is going to change that , because greece needs the money to put food on the table ; good to know , because last i heard , all this bailout money was being used to pay instalments on foreign debt . 
  but telling the baker to pay instalments instead of buying flour , or worse , selling his oven , is n't going to fix anything . 
  for the 1000th time , running a country has absolutely nothing to do with running a household budget . 
  your salary wo n't go down because you give your kids sandwich packs instead of sending them to the canteen ... 
  yes , but people do n't eat electronics , and for most of us they represent a very small part of our budget ( the lions share being rent , debt payments , heat and food ) . 
  most of the eu is used to that , and we do 90 % + of our trade internally in any case . 
  you ca n't devalue directly , since the value of a currency is what the market will pay . 
  to devalue , you have to make people want to buy your currency * less * . 
  inflation is a means to do this ( ` this stuff 'll burn a hole in your wallet ' ) , you control inflation mainly through interest rates in this day of fractional reserve banking ( the printing press is a last resort ) . 
  you can also increase internal consumption , but germany has spent over a decade reducing internal consumption , so they wo n't be able to change course very quickly ( it 'd probably take years ) . 
   so they would be better of outside the ez . 
  and if they want to stay in the ez , they 'll have to tackle the corruption , bureaucracy and mis-management . 
  yes , chances are they would . 
  they 'll still need to tackle corruption etc , but they 'll at least have the tools to do it , and the ez can get back to tackling the real problems . 
   what you have to understand that it is not the duty of greek companies to employee unemployed people just because of employing them . 
  if greek companies can increase their profits by hiring people , then they will make it . 
  however the thing is that greece does n't have lot of sector that can just scale production up . 
  first of all in agriculture and in services like tourism industry there is n't just ever increasing demand . 
  second thing is that greece does n't have much manufacturing industries that could scale up their production if there was more demand . 
  100 % agreed , but it 's not in the current climate that manufacturing could get set up in greece . 
  that will be essential in any long term solution however . 
    also , capital flight is n't something you can just do if your money is tied up in say , a business . 
  warehouses do n't have legs . 
    warehouses still use money . 
  that money that they use has gone from greek banks to other eurozone banks . 
  do remember that the whole euroarea is nowadays one banking area meaning that a german bank functions the same as the greek bank . 
  it should n't change the basis that you generate profits in greece , you pay taxes in greece , that said i can see the problem , and it 's another one that will need a ez wide solution ( looking at you double dutch ) . 
   i want them to start paying their taxes [ 1 ] . 
  just that . 
  you do realise that for most everyday greeks ( ie the ones who are feeling the brunt of the cuts ) , income tax is taken at the source , so tax evasion is kinda hard . 
   on top of their primary spending greece owns a ton of money . 
  for instance , if they had stop receiving money from the eurogroup last month , today they 'll be under . 
  yes they do . 
  they owe so much that the only case of a country paying off a debt like that was when said country had an empire spanning half the world . 
  at some point we 're going to have to stop playing the blame game . 
  especially since the people suffering today are n't the ones who mis-managed ( and are n't the ones tax evading ) . 
  the two statements are n't incompatible . 
  tax receipts are n't constant month to month ( an example is france were income tax and property taxes all fall september to november ) so if the mentioned target was annual/12 that explains that ( also , the wsj is fairly vague about said target , so we do n't know what that shortfall means in relative terms ) , and a * primary * surplus explicitly excludes debt servicing . 
   ( eurozone countries ) . 
  you mean european citizens . 
  some companies are doing just fine ... :(, 
  greece is running a primary surplus in an economy that 's contracted by over 30 % since 2012 . 
  i do n't know what you want them to do on top of that . 
  imagine one in every 3 companies in your country going belly up , and the government still raking taxes up enough to cover primary spending . 
   the businesses have the money 25 % unemployment says otherwise , or maybe greek companies are so productive that they do n't need workers either . 
  also , capital flight is n't something you can just do if your money is tied up in say , a business . 
  warehouses do n't have legs . 
   besides , southern europe has far larger problems than fiscal transfers . 
  bringing money there wo n't help , it will disappear in a few pockets here and there , and we 're of where we started . 
  yes , but outside of the ez , they would have been able to devaluate to get some breathing room . 
  at the moment they ca n't since the north is pulling the exchange rates up , and they are suffocating . 
   i 'm sorry you ca n't see past that and that you 're so biased and naive to the matters at hand . 
  likewise , and until people can get their nationalist blinkers off , this stalemate will continue . 
  / signing off, 
   therefore you would need a majority in the eurozone states not just a in absolute terms but in each and every one . 
  and i dont think this is realistic in the current politcial climate between eurozone countries . 
    this is the main reason for the current approach . 
  because if you force germany or other countries into financial transfer a german syriza will happen and i have the fear it would be a right wing syriza . 
  you are 100 % right , and i ca n't even see how you would set out a roadmap from here to there atm . 
  otoh , if we do n't go down that route , the euro will end up being a costly mistake for everyone ( even germany , since it 's economy will be badly equipped to survive outside of the ez when things go south ) . 
    the problem is that until some form of transfer union is installed , the ez will just lurch from crises to crises . 
   i do n't believe that transfer unions solve the problem of bankrupting states by taking loans after loans just to cover deficit spending . 
  it wo n't , but it will reduce the crushing pressure the exchange rate applies to less productive regions of the ez ( ie everywhere except germany and the netherlands ) . 
  if the rest of the ez can get back on it 's feet , states will start having more revenue , which will reduce deficits . 
  frankly , greece is a case on its own by now and i do n't know how they expect to get it moving again . 
  one thing 's for certain though , unless they spawn an empire covering half the globe , they 'll never be able to pay that money back . 
  regarding the euro as a whole , the correct solution is some form of monetary transfer from the richer to the poorer regions to offset the exchange rate imbalances . 
  this could take the form of mutualised unemployment/healthcare or be more direct . 
  regarding the state greece is in , that wo n't be nearly enough though , and i ca n't really see how greece could avoid default at this stage . 
   currently it would result in the netherlands and germany being the sugar daddy of europe . 
  whereas currently it 's the other way around . 
  the exchange rate is fuelling german growth and destroying exports in the rest of europe . 
  monetary transfers are just to re-establish the equilibrium . 
  the same mechanism is at work inside countries , with germany 's rich industries paying for its poorer regions ( what was east germany comes to mind ) . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know the netherlands well enough to give you a local example , even though they must exist . 
  i 'm sorry that you feel this way . 
  i 'm sorry that you ca n't see the globality of the problem , and the changes everyone must make . 
  finally , if this is all that people can bring to the table , then i 'm sorry the euro was even created , since the main benefactors seem unable to understand that effort is needed to make it work , not just moralising , and the loosers are being left picking up the pieces . 
  the problem is that until some form of transfer union is installed , the ez will just lurch from crises to crises . 
  you ca n't have a currency block , no matter how small , without transfers . 
  just look at your own country , you will have the richer parts that help the poorer . 
  it ca n't work any other way . 
  they could , but that would lead to much higher inflation , which can be a very bad thing ( loss of purchasing power since salaries ca n't adjust fast enough , loss of investment , higher borrowing costs ) . 
  there 's a reason central banks aim for no more than 2 % inflation . 
   but not this :   how about greece tell creditors to go fucking jump in a lake i agree that being rude never helped anyone , but otoh i can understand the frustration on both sides . 
  the greek people are dying of cold and hunger with no hope of finding a job whilst some rich bureaucrat is telling them that they have to suffer more , and conversely , the german people are seeing more and more money being poured into a hole whilst they still struggle to pay rent since they are n't actually benefiting from germany 's export economy ( real salaries have stayed constant whilst gdp went up 75 % ) . 
  and everyone is also forgetting that it takes 2 for debt , and that the lenders are as much to blame as the debbitor if things go south , it 's called investment risk . 
  they also forget that telling the baker to sell his oven cents on the euro to pay instalments never solved anyone 's problems . 
  you want greece to be able to pay back its loans ? 
  then help it get its economy running again . 
  failure will result in the next elections brining golden dawn to power , and that will be lose lose . 
  not selling that which brings in money ? 
  yep , that 's a good long term strategy .
