  no , the lesson is , the more you earn , the more you owe to the society that allowed you to earn it . 
  no one succeeds in a vacuum , and if you 're pulling 1m $ directly out of the system , imagine the burden you represent when you add in all the public services that you indirectly use ( and allowed you to earn that 1m $ ) . 
  especially since in france , that vast majority of businesses are smes . 
  you ca n't make 1m $ / year off of 20 employees , no matter how hard you try . 
  72k $ before deductions is already a very good salary here . 
  not really , the tax rate is progressive , ie for each section of income , you pay a certain rate : 0-5000 $ / year : 0 5000 $ -10000 $ / year : 2.5 % ... 
  in such a system , a person who makes 5001 $ / year pays 0.02 $ tax , where as a person who makes 10000 $ / year pays 125 $ tax . 
  the point that has gotten the 0.01 % up in arms is the fact that a new level is going to be added , so that income in excess of 1m $ ( one million euros ) per year will be imposed at 75 % this means that up to 1m $ / year , nothing changes but if you earn 1m $ +1 $ , that 1 $ will give 0.75 $ in taxes . 
  in practice this does n't change much , since only 15000-20000 people actually earn that much ( in a country of 75m people ) . 
  what it does change is that it puts everyone in the same boat as far as fighting the deficit is concerned , as opposed to the last 10 years where the middle class was hammered , and the rich got tax breaks ` because of the trickle down effect ' . 
  as far as punishing success is concerned , let 's just say that things are evened out differently . 
  when you factor in health insurance etc , most french people pay less in contributions as americans , the exception being the ultra rich . 
  the benefits system is built on the as needs basis ( ie no one will be refused medical care , or subsistence ) , but being on the doll is no fun i can attest to that . 
  finally , as far as the no go suburbs are concerned , we had some bad riots after some young people died after being chased by policemen into a power transformer , but apart from that we 're no worse off than any other european country , and probably better than quite a few . 
  it 's because the only land he posses ( as lord baelish ) is on the smallest of ` the fingers ' which are rocky outcrops in westeros ( aka the seven kingdoms ) . 
  i 'm currently reading ' a game of thrones ' , i ca n't recall if it 's explained in the series . 
  the real bad news is that things are going to get worse before they get better . 
  the finance minister is bracing for 10 % unemployement by christmas, 
  depends , the us system seems to work around makeing your self a good acquisition target for the big boys , so that the vc can get their money back ... 
  like everyone else . 
  in 2002 , when le pen ( sr ) got into the runoff for the predidentiels in france , there was talk of what if he won , since he 'd promised to pull france out of the eu . 
  the consensus seemed to be that europe had been built as a one way street , and that there was no framework for a country to leave it . 
  but doing that will bring on inflation , the same inflation that the germans are currently fighting tooth and nail to avoid . 
  one solution would be to simply raise interest rates , so that inflation rises and southern europe becomes more competitive . 
  germany does n't want this though because their memories of the 1920 's are still too clear ( hyper inflation ) . 
  the point is that regardless of book titles , germany does need the euro , badly . 
  the moment they go back to the dm is the moment their competitive advantage in manufacturing evaporates . 
  at that point , they 're going to face a choice : either accept that their industry is going to decline , or push wages down to be able to compete ... 
  neither a desirable option . 
  your 's and the banks actually , if a bank lends you money knowing full well that you ca n't repay , that 's called predatory lending . 
  that 's a crime , believe it or not . 
  because the people holding the bailout strings only care about their rich friends , and could n't care less about the country being piliged . 
  greece is going to be bled dry and left on the side of the road as the vampires move over to some new hosts with more blood in them . 
  frankly , a lot of britsh posters on / r/europe do act like religious lunatics . 
  they 're so happy that after predicting the end of the world for 15 years , they 've finally got something to chew on . 
  they wish desolation on their fellow man with glee . 
  take that eu !, 
  to be honest , they 're not the only ones though . 
  try reading the comment section of french newspapers . 
  the ump supporters are in the same basket . 
  you probably find them everywhere . 
  italy was a case study of how to handle debt . 
  they got themselves in a right mess in the 80s , and have been paying it down ever since . 
  if the market 's had just left them alone , instead of trying to bleed them dry , we would n't hear about them at all . 
  would it buoy the markets in the same way though ? 
  i 'm not an expert , but someone with more wisdom than me should be able to untangle the web of trades to work out what people are being optimistic about . 
  that or i 'm just too cartasien . 
  almost inexistant governement . 
  true , i did go a bit overboard on the hyperbol . 
  the point is that the idea that stores will not sell us down the river for a dime , or that people wo n't just gravitate to the cheapest product regardless of long term cost just does n't hold water outside of star trek, 
    but the experts ca n't enforce them . 
   stores can enforce them by not selling cheap products without labels of standards , people can enforce them by not buying cheap products without labels . 
   the china stuff comes from outside of the eu , so that would n't change if open borders & free trade agreements are inside european borders . 
  in that case all laws are useless , and we can all live in a libertarian paradise . 
  unfortunately that only works in a society where everyone makes moral decisions . 
  in the real world we need rules , and enforcement . 
  but the experts ca n't enforce them . 
  we have a hard time already enforcing security standards on imported goods , just look at the yearly scandals srrounding stuff imported from china ( hint : exposed wires on electrical toys etc ) . 
  yes , we need experts to draft the standers , but you need a political body to enforce them . 
  all normalisations for one . 
  saftey standerds , enviromental standards . 
  all , this is needed to make the market whole . 
  the problem is that the single market can only come with shared control on certain aspects . 
  a free trade zone is very different from even the eec , even the city benefits grately from the single market . 
  for me a condition for my support of integration is the dismanteling of the commission , the nutering of the council , and the establishement of a democratically elected executif body . 
  legislative powers should also be given much more to the ep , to insure seperation . 
  what happened is the same as what 's been going on for the last 4 years : kicking the can down the raod . 
  `` we 'll go for currency union now , since that looks nice , and does n't cost too much politically , someone else can do the hard bit '' . 
  what probably should have been done ( but hind sight 's 20/20 ) , is tackling the political union first : kicking out the comission ( france did n't like that idea ... ) , reducing the councils powers and setting up an executif body with real power ( ie validating national budgets etc. . . ) representative of the european parlement . 
  this would have been a rubicon moment of in or out , the uk would probably have been out , most of the 17 ez countries would have been in . 
  from this political union , the fiscal union imposes itself , which removes all the risks from a currency union ( since no one can do a greece anymore ) . 
  it would have been a hellishly hard sell for all concerned , and the euro would n't have arrived as soon as it did , but it would have avoided all the turmoil and bad will on all sides the current crises has created . 
  in what way is the current eu system ` punitive/uninterested towards its citizens ' ? 
  taking the pac as an example , the legislation is geared towards citizens , some say too much so . 
  coming back to you 're original question , do you require that * every * citizen be trusted ? 
  there 's a similar problem with criminal law : where do you strike the balance between letting a guilty man off for lack of proof , and sending an innocent man to jail . 
  the burden of proof ( ` beyond reasonable doubt ' ) is aimed at setting the balance right . 
  we need to do the same with the welfare state . 
  where is the balance between cheating and leaving people in the lurch . 
  you also have to add to that the cost of enforcement . 
  no use spending 10m $ to catch 100k $ of fraud . 
   so what is the take away from this ? 
  : / that merkel has some kind of dream where germany can thrive just as much outside of the euro as it did in it ? 
  it would also imply that she actually believes that the same brush applied to greece is justfied regarding spain . 
  i do n't believe this was the german chanceller 's real intent , because i ca n't imagine her being that naieve . 
  the saying that the bigger they are the harder they fall can also be applied to economies , and germany 's economy is real big at the moment , and believe me , if the euro brakes up they * will * fall, 
   countries should really just balance their budget so that no one can profit from their debt . 
  whilst this is the idea solution , the problem is that in the current climate , it is n't possible . 
  once you 're in that hole , you ca n't get out without outside help , the markets will see to it that you do n't . 
  just to know , what part of europe are you living in atm ? 
  ( france here ), 
  i get the difference better now thanks . 
  what would you propose for the uk , considereing that the tories wo n't accept more european integration , and the ez ca n't survive without it ? 
  it 's a really strong argument for not being able to run twice for ( at least the same ) office . 
  the flip side is that once you 're elected you can pretty much do what you want in such situations ( good and bad ), 
  i must admit that i was thinking about a free trade zone , more than anything else . 
  ( nb : despite my flair showing my origins , i 've been living in france for the last 20 years , so i 'm looking at this from the outside more than the in ) . 
   the city of london has raised deep concerns over david cameron 's strategy in europe , warning that the prime minister 's wishlist of `` safeguards '' in december could actually have damaged its standing as europe 's financial centre . 
  the city want 's it 's cake and to eat it too . 
  i think the solution lies in your wording : you wa n't to work with europe , but not be in europe .
