  the comission was set up to allow national governments to have more control ( the commissioners are named and the ep did n't have any power at all until a few years ago ) . 
  i 'm not going to say europe does n't need changes , but i ca n't advocate throwing the baby out with the bath water ( which is what the sovereignty talk boils down to quite often ) . 
  cretin ? 
  mabey i am , but a part from swaring and disbelief , what concret facts are troubling you about europe ? 
  would you rather pr over the whole eu instead of the per country elections we have now ? 
  regarding corruption resistance , the debate arround acta and the continued rejection of software patents by the ep give it a fair amount of credit in my eyes . 
  you can kick out your euro mps too . 
  but just like a bristol voter ca n't remove a mp from harlow , a uk voter ca n't remove a german euro mp . 
  the voting system fairer than fptp , so i really ca n't understand the outcry . 
  because the people of north wales can remove an mp from east london , can they ? 
  this is a storm in a tea cup . 
  italy gets to elect euro mps , just like the uk , france , spain , germany and all the other member states do . 
  euro mps then vote on laws . 
  i ca n't understand why this system has people up in arms ( a part from , shudder , underlying nationalistic tendencies ), 
  just what is this sovereignty that every one talks about ? 
  does that mean you do n't hand over nationals on another countries request ? 
  does that mean that the people have a say in how the country id governed ( as opposed to being short circuited by free trade agreements ) ? 
  or is this just a media buzzstorm to make people feel better about working 2 jobs to be able to afford to live with their parents ? 
  / rant off but i 'm genuinely curious as to what sovereignty is at stake , as i for one prefer to have the european parlement oversee things , rather than the special interest run governements so many countries have at the moment . 
  please remember that conservatives today have nothing to do with their forefathers . 
  cameron is no churchill , and romney has nothing at all in common with roosevelt . 
  i find it really depressing when i see what the right has become recently . 
  +1 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients please , let 's put this one to rest . 
  yes the uk is a net contributor , no it is n't the only one , and is n't even near the top net contributor ( whether you look at it as a lump sum , per capita or as a percentage of gdp ) . 
  so yes the uk helps other countries along , no it would n't be the end of the world should the uk leave . 
   if you like europe in general you like it 's variety of ~ ~ nation-states with their own ~ ~ cultures ftfy i do n't think that the cultures are that dependant on nation states . 
  i 'd even go as far as to say that the eu has been a strong force for regional recognition ( eg in brittany , catalonia , pays occitan ) . 
  i 'm only really familiar with french and spanish examples , but you get the idea . 
  can you be eurosceptics ( ie sceptical of the current europen construction project ) whilst being europhile ( liking europe in general ) ? 
  are we reading too much into misappropriated terms ? 
  why should we care one way or the other ? 
  which drugs are we talking about here ? 
  cancer drugs are prescription only , which means that only a doctor can decide to use them . 
  i 'd prefer that my md gave me a drug based on the drugs merits rather than which ad he prefered . 
  stuff you can buy over the counter ( ie painkillers ) really fits in a different category for me , since lack of it generally wo n't kill you , and you have more choice in the matter ( plenty of generics to keep prices reasonable ) . 
  advertising here i do n't mind as much . 
  that said , it 's the basic research that has the biggest failure rate . 
  once you have something that works on mice , you have a fair shot at getting a drug that will work on humans ( given the right posology , release rate and loads of other engineering bits ) . 
  so yes , getting a drug to market costs , but the riskiest part is what 's being funded by grants . 
  the rest is more comparable to automotive engineering : costly , but not prohibitive , and with a good chance of result . 
  the patents are needed , for sure , but maybe there should be a rand clause included , like there is for standards essential patents in electronics ? 
  someone else has pointed out that pharma is spending twice the amount on advertising that it does on research . 
  source : http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/01/080105140107.htm so i think there is some adjustment needed here anyhow . 
   i liked vo\u00dfkuhle 's personal statements about a democratically legitimated europe being the only option . 
  this has been the core of the problem for the past 20 years . 
  no one will accept a federal europe as long as the council and especially the commission hold so much power . 
  we need a european executive formed from the ranks of the ep ( which is democratically elected ) , such an executive would be accountable to the people of europe every 5 years . 
  i the current system , the real deciders are either only accountable to their member countries electorate , or , in the case of the commission , not accountable to anyone really . 
  europe ca n't move on as a whole under these conditions . 
  i agree with you entirely , but politics and common sense are n't the same thing . 
  while i agree with you in principal , view how the uk is behaving , you 'd have a better chance at imposing italien . 
  i mean people would have voted for martine aubry if she 'd run ageinst sarko even though she 's wetter than holland imo, 
  frankly , after 5 years of reactionary politics and shoving laws through to aid the super rich whilst telling everyone else to tighten their belt , aubry would have been elected . 
  i 'm more curious as to what the situation will look like 12 months from now . 
  could you tell me where italy and spain fit in here ? 
  spain was running a budget surplus prior to 2008 and italy had been dutifully paying down it 's debt accumulated in the 80s for over 15 years . 
  also , please remember that greece has a tiny economy compared to the eu , so point the finger there means that the whole structure was just waiting to collapse anyway . 
  do you have any examples of a free market currency as you describe ? 
  i ca n't think of one off hand . 
  would the knight templar 's letters of change count ? 
  the problem is also that we ca n't all be germany . 
  even inside a country , some regions are profitable and some are not . 
  money flows between them to keep the country as a whole stable . 
  to take the us example , new york gives loads of cash to north dakota each year , the florida housing bubble was diffused by a cash infusion much greater than was ever given to greece . 
  you ca n't have a monetary union without these stabilising cash flows , the current state of the ez is what happens when you try . 
  this is why fiscal ( and hence political ) union is needed . 
  you have to remember that before 2008 , span was the ez poster child of responsibility , and germany was being chastised for its defecit ... 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_the_united_kingdom] i stand corrected, 
   edit : no such thing as british law , slight slip . 
  easy enough to make , things have changed quite a bit over there since i was young ( thatcher era ) . 
  on the main topic : the saddest part in all of this is that assange could very well be guilty of what he 's accused of , but due to the blatent disregard for due process and the rule of law that 's become common these last 10 years ( renditions , guantanamo etc ) , it 's really hard to support his extradition to sweden . 
  the reason due process and a fair trial are basic rights is so that you can put people on a plane knowing that if they 're innocent , they will be found as such , and released . 
  in this case you ca n't really be sure what will happen if assange goes to sweden and two women risk being denied justice as a result . 
  no , since when you sell it the money does n't count as income , but as investment gains which are taxed differently . 
  if you have a business and give yourself a 2m $ salary each year , then yes you will be hit ( but very few business owners can afford to do that ) . 
  would you mind justifying that simple fact please ? 
  what your asserting amounts to trickle down , which has been invoked countless times as a reason for being nice to the rich , but never seems to pan out . 
  just an aside , but have you looked at the methodology in that study ? 
  church attendance and trade union membership are the only factors in making a community ? 
  also , the materiel well being is based of gdp/p ? 
  really ? 
  no measure of income inequality at all ? 
  job security equated with unemployment rate ? 
  this means that a country where everyone works day to day , never knowing when they 'll be fired is marked equal as one where you have 3 months warning in most cases ? 
  climate is reduced to latitude , completely disregarding the actual weather ( the gulf stream is ignored ) . 
  i mean no study is perfect , and i ca n't propose another measurement , but that really looks fishy . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't follow your logic . 
  i did n't mention welfare in my post , and i never gave a global rule about taxation . 
  i fear you are building a strawman here . 
  the point is that we have a deficit that needs addressing ( and that was partly caused by an artificially low taxation of the ultra wealthy ) : so , to reduce the deficit : - we have tax increases across the board - we have a restructuring of the public sector why should the ultra wealthy be exempt from this effort ? 
  they are n't aristocracy , no one has a god given right to benefit from the state and not contribute their fare share . 
  also , as i pointed out below , the people who are affected by this are n't even ` job creators ' as republicans like to call them . 
  depends , how much do you make ? 
  ( i 'm a small business owner , and i sure do n't make anything near that amount ) . 
  also , you have to remember that big business is n't that big in france . 
  i do n't have the exact figures , but something like 95 % of the workforce works in small businesses here . 
  some figures : buisness owner salaries in france : http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/tableau.asp?reg_id=0&amp;ref_id=natccf04108 buisnesses by number of employ\u00e9es : http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/tableau.asp?reg_id=0&amp;ref_id=nattef09203, 
  those who wanted to move already have . 
  in 2007 we were told that by capping taxes at 50 % of income , loads of capital would return to france . 
  5 years later and several billion $ poorer , the conclusion was that not only did no money come back , but that all the tax breaks just ended up in tax havens .
