  so people are saying that you need to respect the result of the elections ? 
  right ? 
   `` i was talking to the prime minister the other day and he said there are a load of countries there who share his view on this , they think this is the wrong man , ... 
  but this is the problem with the eu . 
  it 's locked in this ridiculous process that because they took a decision before the elections they must somehow stand by that . '', 
  honestly , expecting politicians to stand by their word , whatever next !, 
  nope , apparently what we need is more back-room deals . 
  no need for accountability here ...  cameron has said the spitzenkandidaten system threatens the power of the eu 's 28 heads of government in the european council , who were given the power in the lisbon treaty to nominate the commission president , taking account of the european elections . 
  the main concern is that the council ca n't neuter the comission as it did in the past ...  cameron has said the spitzenkandidaten system threatens the power of the eu 's 28 heads of government in the european council , who were given the power in the lisbon treaty to nominate the commission president , taking account of the european elections . 
  because respecting the vote of the population is n't a good reason apparently ...  the prime minister is arguing from a position of principle about getting the right people and making sure the right people choose the leader of the european commission . 
  maybe we should do the same thing when the general election comes around , `` you got the majority , but we do n't think you 're the right candidate for pm , and fptp means you are n't legitimate anyway , i think we should choose someone else ... ''  if they give jean-claude juncker a job this is like literally flicking two fingers at the rest of europe and saying to all the people out there : ` we know that you voted the way you did but you are wrong and we are just going to show you how wrong you are by carrying on as though nothing happened . ', 
  you can see how people voted , by looking at the makeup of the ep , pr does that for you . 
  the biggest group is the epp , and the eurosceptics make up at most 10 % of the parliament , and that 10 % is fractured ( farge on the one side , le pen in the nis on the other ) . 
  juncker was n't my choice for comission president , but people have voted , and the job should be his . 
  doing anything else would be ` flciking two fingers at the rest of europe ' . 
   it wo n't be easy / possible to get anything done while uk politicians are doing their best to throw a spanner in the works at every turn though . 
  it will be an in or out moment for the uk . 
  2017 is just around the corner in diplomatic terms . 
  the uk is free to renegotiate it 's involvement with the eu or leave it all together . 
  if the uk wants an eec type arrangement , so be it , but that will forfeit their council seat and their meps , and the eu27 will be able to press on with the much needed reforms unhindered . 
  if the uk still wants to be part of the eu , it will be time to stop whining and to pull in the same direction as everyone else . 
  today that 's the nature of any bank . 
  the money loaned out is created via double entry accounting , and ceases to exist when the loan is paid off . 
  i agree fyi , even though i 'm born welsh , i 've been living in france since i was 10 , so i have a pretty continental view of the situation . 
  the same way money is created when you take out a loan : an accounting trick . 
  bank reserves today are more a hedge against short term withdrawals and defaults than anything else . 
  the money you borrow comes into existence when you borrow it and ceases to exist when you pay it back ( save the interest ) . 
  fractional reserve is a magical place . 
  frankly , if the uk wants out that much , the eu should respect their wishes , for better or for worse . 
  the worst possible situation is the one we 're in , where the uk is in on paper , but behaves as though the project was something that happened to other countries . 
  everytime the others advance , the uk wont be happy , and every time the uk blocks something , the rest of the eu suffers . 
  i honestly wonder weather the euro crises could have been better handled if financial/budgetary integration was already in place in 2008 . 
  it would have been painfull ( considering the situation in greece and spain , how could it not be ) but we 'd have had some more fine grained tools to deal with it rather than the blunt instrument approach that was taken . 
  true as well , but it is possible to envision labour with a small majority / labour-libdem coalition with the opposition having several ukip mps . 
  fptp can cut both ways , iirc in 92 ( or was it 88 ? ), 
  the tories got in with 30 % of the popular vote . 
  ukip has shown that they can get a higher portion of the popular vote than the tories , which means that in tory safe seats they can pose a real threat . 
  i 'm not saying that they will ( a week is a long time in politics , so talk about a year ) , but it would be foolhardy to dismiss them out of hand . 
  it kind of reminds me of when the republicans blocked the us budget last year to try to defund legislation they did n't like ( aca ) . 
  after a week or so of government shutdown a republican representative was quoted as saying ` we 're going to get something out of this , we just do n't know what ' . 
  basically they were desperately trying to get any concessions at all in order to save face . 
  in the end they got nothing and just looked stupid . 
  cameron 's getting to this grasping at straws moment with the eu . 
  it 's clear he wo n't get what he wants ( destruction of the legitimacy of the commission president and re-enslavement of the commission to the council ) , so he 's trying to get some kind of reward in order to not go home looking a complete twat . 
  just like in the us , the other heads of state see this for what it is , and are n't going to budge an iota in order to drive home the fact that you do n't try to bully 27 nations with an empty hand . 
  but it 's not longer a matter of whether it 's done well or not , but rather if it 's profitable . 
  this , 1000x this . 
  the reason we must avoid a private healthcare system is that we want people to stay healthy . 
  the market is brilliant at transforming resources into money , but it systematically fails when money is n't the goal . 
  any national healthcare system should have health as it 's goal . 
   the neoliberal theories reign supreme and we all bow down to the almighty market . 
  if there 's one thing that the market ca n't do well it 's healthcare . 
  the us system is proof of that if ever it was needed ( they spend twice as much as anyone else per capita and get the worst healthcare in the developed world ) . 
  either way he 's lining things up to vacate n \u00b0 10 next year . 
  if the tory 's loose the eurosceptic vote to farge , we 'll either get labour back , or a coalition . 
  the coalition will either be labour + lib dem ( not very likely ) or tory + ukip ( more likely ) . 
  a tory + ukip coalition will basically be britain 's first step out of the eu , and frankly , god help the uk , it 'll need it ... 
   it is because we recognize this deficit that we do n't want juncker and his federal agenda at the helm of the eu . 
  so because you lost the election you wo n't accept it 's result ... . . 
  the ep is representative of the whole of the eu . 
  britain , having 10 % of the population gets to elect ... 10 % of the meps . 
  giving you more would by unrepresentative , just as you said . 
  do n't forget that he ` only ' wants to re-arrange the commission to make it far more easily controllable by the heads of state , exactly the reverse of what we 're trying to achieve by electing the commission president . 
  one thing to remember is that the uk has just shy of 1000 years gradual improvement to get where we are today . 
  france has had 200 years and 10 rewrites ( 5 republics , 2 empires , 2 monarchies and vichy ) . 
  the eu as we know it is really only 40 years old , and is still really experiencing growing pains . 
  this election was the first where the commission president was to have some kind of popular mandate . 
  it sure is n't properly democratic , but it 's still an improvement over the horse trading that happened before . 
  the comission president can now be pointed at , and treated like an elected official ( with the scrutiny that goes with it ) , and let 's hope that the 2019 elections will have a more visible presidential race . 
  fyi , the uk is n't the only country where the candidates were n't given the visibility they needed , in france you would n't know they existed if you just followed mainstream media . 
  btw : juncker would n't have been my choice at all , but since he won , he really should get the job . 
   ( sorry to be that guy ) do n't be , thanks for the update . 
   it comes as a bit of a surprise to me that some people want a unified economic policy etc. 
  for the ez-17 a unified economic policy is probably the best thing that can happen right now ( unless you happen to be germany ) . 
  if you are outside of the ez-17 , it 's probably among the worst since you wo n't benefit from euro fluctuations and will basically just be swept along in the current . 
   it was the uk that actually pushed the us to bury the ussr in supplies . 
  without such supplies the germans would have beaten them . 
  the uk also did it 's fair share getting said supplies to russia . 
  the arctic convoys were n't fun by any stretch of the imagination . 
  no , just an observation . 
   i also think that that will mean the slow degradation of the union , as it will prompt eu-scepticism in other nations . 
  not necessarily , since without the rest of the union would be able to reform more effectively , which would in turn lower the level of general euro-scepticism . 
  the uk 's position is pretty much unique with regards to the eu anyway because of the rebate , shengen exception and not being in the ez . 
  frankly , that does n't sound too different from how most countries operate . 
  what i tend to remember is that it was the ep that defeated acta and software patents , where as the brits , the french and the germans were all too eager to roll over . 
  frankly , even in existing super-states ( thinking usa here ) , education and health are still largely local affairs . 
  some standardization has already taken place regarding higher education , but you probably did n't notice since we moved over to the system you were already using ( 3 year degree , 2 years master and then phd ) . 
  i think that the real problem is that the uk people do n't want to be in europe and have had their hands forced too many times . 
  there is nothing wrong with wanting your freedom . 
  other countries have made the same choice , but the countries that are in the ez are pretty much commited to tighter economic integration ( other wise the ez ca n't function ) . 
  maybe we need to re-establish an outer eec where countries that want to can join the economic zone without joining the eu . 
  like that the uk can regain all the independence it wants , and the ez17 can press ahead with much needed reform ( qualified majority vote for starters ) . 
  as much as i can see your point of view , this is the european parliament we 're talking about here and no the uk one . 
  europe has over 500m people in it , 430m of whome are n't british . 
  the ep has to represent everyone . 
  also , the uk has 10 % of the seats in the ep ( which corresponds to the fact that the uk makes up 10 % of the eu by population ) . 
  ok , thank you for the pointers . 
  the charles ii case seems stronger than the william iii here , since in williams case he arrived as a conqueror and imposed his will whereas charles was invited after a period of de-facto republic under cromwell ( parliament did n't need to restore the monarchy here , it was chosen as a way of filling the power vacuum left when cromwell died ) . 
  i agree that the lands are crown property , but do you have a link concerning parliament being able to name the monarch ? 
  it seems to go contrary to a constitutional monarchy .
