  my personal opinion is that you should call a spade a spade , and either you are for treating homosexuals as second class citizens ( no marriage , no adoption etc ) , in which case just accept that your homophobic , or you are for equality , in which case this law is just removing another type of discrimination . 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  in exchange for the elimination of all tax loopholes in personal tax ( including sending your money to panama ) , and for taxation at the source . 
  money leaves the company ? 
  it 's taxed . 
  if it 's another eu company that get 's it , it can claim the money back just like with vat . 
  does n't talk about jobs . 
  the main part of the article is about how the uk has to put up with it ' bankers because a bankers son is pm . 
  the tax figures were also sufficiently diced as to be worthless in comparison ( % of corporation tax does n't mean much ) . 
  that 's the point , the city is 1 square mile . 
  is n't it a bit stretched to make a decision for 65 million citizens based on the needs of a very small fraction ? 
  just curious , but do you have any links to back that up ? 
  especially the jobs bit . 
  the point is that that 2008 came and messed a lot of people up . 
  countries stepped in to help out and got caught up in the mess . 
  spain is an example of a country that was a role model whilst germany was being berated . 
  seems a long time ago now . 
  the euro problem is a fiscal problem . 
  it 's a lack of fiscal transfers problem . 
  just as each region of australia is n't the same economically neither is each european country . 
  fiscal transfers serve to even things out . 
  this does n't mean countries should n't balance their budgets , but in a monetary union a balanced budget alone is n't sufficient . 
  just remember that it was designed that way ( to be cute ) . 
  you could sooo use that for some postapocalyptic sci-fi . 
  add some colored lights and you 're all set . 
  you forgot the ' !!! ', 
  god , i wish no one had even mentioned this stupid move . 
  incomes over 1m $ / year ~ = 2000 people if the measure had n't been pu in place , the top rate would have been 45 % . 
  the idea of this measure is n't to magically solve financial problems , but to make the people at the bottom who are going from 900 $ / month to 700 $ / month feel better about things ( and hence preserve social stability , a prerequisite to getting the economy going ) . 
  the only people being affected are making so much that they 'll hardly notice any how ( ie it wo n't affect their lifestyle one iota ) . 
  what actually happened is that all the fiscal conservatives and ayn rand fans ( you need to pay taxes unless you 're really really rich , in which case you are obviously a messiah from god and should be exempt ) have come out screaming and are drowning any hope of a reasonable debate ( and a debate really is needed ) . 
  in the same way that the current chancellor of the exchequer got a nice note on his arrival in n \u00b0 11 stating : ` i 'm terribly sorry , but there is no money ' is !, 
  this is n't a financial statement , more of a jibe . 
  the commission is the main problem with the eu atm . 
  a bunch of unelected bureaucrats who wield the majority of the executive power in the eu . 
  i was talking with a friend who spends more time than i do keeping track of this kind of thing , he brought it up last weekend . 
  there 's probably a mix of both , but the legion are on the ground in mali , that 's for sure ( 2nd regiment iirc ), 
  so in other words , they 're young thugs using a book as an excuse to behave badly ? 
  the funniest bit is that people upvoted you :d, 
  pity , since he was one of the few decent actors left ... that said , jeunet and caro are among the few film makers i really appreciate , so ... 
  i 'm sorry i do n't follow you . 
  are you saying that the uk committing ( and turning a couple into a more unstable trio ) is a good or a bad thing ? 
   if the uk committed wholeheartedly we could use our size and influence to get additional concessions that suit our economy you could get concessions that would benefit everyone longer term . 
  europe needs an extra heavy weight to destabilise the franco-german equilibrium . 
  but for that you 'd need to commit to the eu project as a partner , not as an also-ran . 
  actually i think she 's taxed like anyone else now ( has n't been that way for long though ) . 
  regarding inheritance tax , that could work if you really wanted it , but i maintain that the whole enterprise is pretty worthless in the grand scheme of things . 
  edit : actually the queen 's estate is subject to inheritance tax ( they have a loop-hole , but have decided not to use it ) . 
  legally neither do the royals , the money they get is rent for land that brings in 5 times as much in revenue for the state . 
  good luck with the better deal , since the uk gouvernement has some smart people already doing their level best to make as much cash as possible from that land ( mostly farm land ) . 
  i think your also missing the point that this land is n't some prerogative that you can revoke , it belongs to the queen in the same way your house belongs to you . 
  you 're opening the door to wholesale expropriation of anyone who the government of the time does n't like . 
  and how do you make up the lost revenue to the uk government ? 
  higher taxes ? 
  that land you 've just recouped was worth # 200m in revenue each year , where as the royals only cost # 40m . 
  congratulations , the country is # 160m worse off per year ( or # 2.40 per tax payer ) . 
  source : http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/the-true-cost-of-the-royal-family-explained.html, 
  there is n't one , that 's why it has n't happened . 
  also , if you wanted to pass to a republic , you 'd also have the sticky problem of what to do with the monarch 's possessions ( which is doubly complicated since said possessions are mostly on loan to the state where they more than make up for the royal 's upkeep in rent earned at the moment ) . 
  those could play both ways . 
  the downside of a more affluent population is higher wages , by sending the money overseas on loans , you get the increased demand without having to pay your workers more . 
  this is of course from big buisness perspective . 
  my general rule when hiring . 
  if the persons good enough to be on my team , they 're good enough to be offered more than they asked . 
  10 % sounds reasonable , and has the advantage of removing money as a concern/frustration in the workplace so that you can concentrate on your job  . 
  he is n't a company , he 's a person , so yes we are concerned about revenue here . 
  out of how much in revenue ? 
  rule of thumb : when people cite percentages , ask for an actual figure , when someone cites a figure , ask for a percentage . 
  if he paid 140 million in taxes over his lifetime but took 1.4 billion in revenue over the same period , he got of more lightly than most people who do n't make anywhere near that amount ( 10 % global tax rate ) . 
  140 out of 300 ( ~ 50 % ) would be about standard for a middle class family . 
  considering his wealth , he 's probably well into the regressive part of our tax system , which would put him nearer 30 % total taxation ( 140m would equate to 420m total revenue ) . 
  sources on taxation : http://www.revolution-fiscale.fr/le-systeme-actuel/un-systeme-regressif, 
  because it allows the finnish company to appeal . 
  if it had gone the other way you 'd find st nazaire appealing over some other technicality . 
   but not by the same amount , or even the same proportion . 
  true , some people are in borderline poverty , and others are just seeing a lower , but still very large figure at the end of the month . 
   well , that 's debated . 
  to argue the top rate of tax hollande has  plumped for is necessary seems to be to be rather unreservedly and unwarrantedly convinced of the absolute inevitability of what is after all a contingent tax arrangement . 
  better that than greece do n't get me wrong , it 's a very high tax rate , and frankly a symptom that the entire tax system should be trashed and rethought . 
  unfortunately there 's 0 chance of that happening , since it would remove all the nice loopholes that politicians and their friends use to avoid paying taxes in the first place ( hence our situation regarding public finances ) . 
  the high tax rates are a temporary measure among several put in place to allow the country to turn itself arround before we hit pigs territory . 
  everyone is being asked to contribute , either trough lower allocations , higher taxes or both . 
  these measures are n't meant to last , but are necessary for a year or 2 . 
  everyone 's feeling the pinch . 
  as for the subsidies , i 'm just pointing out that the system served him well in the past , and he never spoke out against the cnc ( and hence most of his films ) being state funded when it was helping him ( which it still is , even though he 's decided that he does n't want to contribute any more ) . 
  we did n't approve of the previous administrations decision to cut the safety net in order to give millions in rebates to the countries richest families , but he was democratically elected , so we did n't have much choice in the matter . 
  democracy works like that . 
  same thing here . 
  also , this move is seen as a bit hypocritical since depardieu really made it in part thanks to the heavy state subsidies given to french cinema . 
  now that the wheel has turned a bit , his departure to 500m the other side of the border now that the whole country is being asked to tighten its belt is taken a bit as a ` thanks , now f ** k you all ' . 
  neither of these points make his move treasonous , which is really hyperbole and does n't help the discussion one way or the other , but it should explain why not everyone his happy . 
  you are correct that the ep has a certain power already , but the executive branch of europe is made of the commission which is nominated and only confirmed by the parlement , and the council . 
  the end result is one group of bureaucrats that only think of them selves and another group of diplomats who only think of pandering to their electorate and through vetos arround like cheereos . 
  to really advance in europe i think you 'd really need to remove the commission entirely , make the council a kind of constitutional comity ( ie they set the rules by which decisions are made , but do n't decide by them selves ) and create a new executive branch ( a kind of european government ) formed pro-rata from the different groups in the ep to handle the proposition side of things . 
  of course your graphs are n't worth any more than mine , since neither takes into account local government . 
  the us example must be particularly biased in that regard , since the doe does n't actually do that much , all education is handled by the states . 
   look at your government budget . 
  education and infrastructure usually make up less then 5 % . 
  actually it makes up a good deal more : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/fichier:budget_france_2010_piechart.png, 
  and i join my fellow redditors in whishing you both much happiness .
