   i 'm pretty sure terrorism exists because terrorists want to kill people . 
  actually , terrorists want people to change their behavior , but they studied at the underpants-gnome school of logic : * commit atrocity * ??? 
  generally ' ??? ', 
  is something along the line of ` people will see the righteousness of what we 're doing/the abomination we hate/will obey us out of fear ' . 
  the general effect is to get peoples back 's up and they continue doing whatever you do n't want out of shear spite . 
  the terrorist generally just interprets this as a reason to do something even more atrocious next time unfortunately . 
  the fire brigade got 70 people out iirc . 
  that does n't include the people who got out by themselves in the first minutes ( due to it being ramadan a lot more people were awake at the time than would otherwise be the case ) . 
  all in all we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  except that for chirac it worked iirc edit : my bad , thanks to everyone who corrected me . 
  frankly , i grew up with thatcher ( and in wales ) , so i 've had plenty experience of what the tories bring , thank you very much . 
  the current labor program is no where near the program of the 70s , and the country is n't the country of the 70s either . 
  i also note that you have n't actually addressed my concerns regarding concrete pieces of policy . 
  honestly ? 
  given what the tories are doing to the country , the guy could hardly do worse and could do much better . 
  the fact is that britain is rife with failed right wing policies ( just look at the state of the railways and the nhs if you need some examples , or at the complete absence of new council housing despite a rising need ) . 
  no one 's talking about going full coco , but the tories are going full ayn rand which is hardly better . 
   he 's not your average politician . 
  he knows the game . 
  he definitely knows the game , but he is still over extended . 
  he needs an exit strategy for syria and ukraine that will allow him to save face . 
  * in ukraine , the annexion of crimea came at a steep price in terms of sanctions as well as the cost of developing the peninsular that is going to weigh for years on the russian economy , and he is stuck on eastern ukraine since he ca n't annex without giving up recent diplomatic gains and he ca n't backdown without looking weak . 
  * in syria , al assad has him over a barrel , since he can only continue to support the regime no matter what , and the war there is far from done . 
  * internationally , his close relationship with trump is in tatters as the us president battles increasing scrutiny at home . 
  this means that he is in no place to play coy with macron , and since macron is proposing to help broker peace talks in ukraine and syria , this chance of saving face on two fronts is worth a lot more in the short term than his propaganda organs ( especially since the only european election left is in germany , and the conditions are n't ripe there for a trump ) . 
   it annoys me so much to see this bastard smirk at us through the cameras while his soldiers wage war in a neighbour country but he gets to stroll through an art gallery near paris . 
  it sucks but it 's diplomacy i 'm afraid . 
  that said , getting his press organs labeled propaganda to his face ca n't have been a fun experience . 
  i hope that at least provides some solace for now ( and i * really really * hope he gets his arm twisted good and proper not too far down the line , it would be the time to do it too since he 's over extended at the moment anyway ), 
  all together now : so , take me back to constantinople no , you ca n't go back to constantinople been a long time gone , oh constantinople why did constantinople get the works ? 
  that 's nobody 's business but the turks, 
   people are acting like this is some huge thing . 
  sorry to say , guys , but all eu leaders should have adopted a hard , honest stance against putin and russia a long time ago . 
  what we 're saying is that it 's about damn time someone actually had said stance . 
  it 's certainly not holland who would have , and sarkozy got kod by putin ( cf video earlier up ) . 
  the way he 's consistently knocking them out of the park he 's going to get his strong government . 
  he was already polling much more strongly than many expected out of the gate ( lots of people were talking about a hung parliament , or even a lr majority ) , and his ability to avoid ` langue de bois ' whilst also dodging diplomatic incidents will only boost him . 
  the only thing that could derail him now is if his pm turns out to be an ass ( jury 's still out on that one till he does something ) . 
  ok , where to start : * no one 's talking about africa here , this is a thread on frances new president . 
  do n't move the goal posts . 
  that said : * https://www.delijn.be/en/overdelijn/organisatie/zorgzaam-ondernemen/milieu/co2-uitstoot-voertuigen.html : a new car averages 100g/km/passenger , and a family of 3 generally needs 2 cars since the parents can be working in very different areas . 
  add to that that a lot of french buses are lng so more ecological and that public transport is n't just buses ( i take the train and the metro , both electric ) . 
  * finally : if poverty causes overpopulation , then fix the damn poverty !, 
  it 's not like africa has n't seen a 15 fold increase in standard of living over the past 30 years ... 
  do you have any ( serious ) sources to back that up ? 
  that 's some serious allegations you have there . 
  reduce overpopulation : you and yours first . 
  the important thing is to live more responsibly , ie take public transport when possible , by local etc. 
  any programme that depends on people sacrificing their ( potential ) families on the aulter ( ? sp ) of the planet/common good will fail . 
  it 's push-me pull-you . 
  the fourth republic was also very parliamentary , and was borderline ungovernable ( the election was pr so it was very hard to make a stable government ) . 
  the final nail was the algerian war which led to a military coup and an almost total collapse of the state . 
  when de gaulle came back , he designed the fifth republic for himself and his immediate needs , which gave a very stable system but one where one man wields a crazy amount of actual power . 
  the trick will be defanging the president without leaving the country completely unstable . 
  good luck to whoever attempts it . 
  it 's not that easy to make a rally disappear . 
  you know that if you have a 10000 person rally and no trace of it in the accounts people get suspicious ( and yes , the accounts are controlled for every candidate ) . 
  sarkozy was using 3rd party companies , but the fact is that when you need to spend money to be visible , it 's visible that you spent money ... 
  really ? 
  and no sources ? 
  how do you get more fake than that ? 
  also it does n't really compute since french election law caps the amount candidates can spend on the election ( $ 22m which is then reimbursed by the state ) . 
  one of sarkozy 's issues is that he played fast and loose with that rule in 2012 and spent $ 7m more than holland ( for all the good it did him ) . 
  you mean she came without preparing , got lost in a mountain of notes strewn across her side of the table and looked flat out drunk . 
  this is not getting old . 
  why take any risks when you can just site back and watch her self-immolate ? 
  so raising german wages would pull 2 levers at once : increase internal demand , and reduce exports . 
  it would also increase the quality of life for the german worker , and because of the euros inertia , would n't lead to any inflation to speak of . 
  i can understand why german companies would n't want that though . 
  2 points : - please do n't confuse the greek government with the people starving in the streets . 
  - greece is far from the biggest thorn in the ezs side atm . 
  spain is far far far worse , italy is risky , and even france is running to avoid adding to the mess . 
  also please note that spain was a paragon of fiscal virtue until the crises hit in 2008 , so this problem goes far beyond just being fiscally responsable . 
  germany is n't economically at fault here . 
  no one can blame you for selling to people who want to buy  the problem is that within the ez construction , your trade surplus ( and its upwards pressure on the euro ) is killing competitiveness in less fortunate countries . 
  in other currency unions ( like the us ) this is balanced out by fiscal transfers ( new york pays it 's taxes to the fed , and the fed sends money to where it 's needed , like florida after the housing crash ) . 
  tbh , the eu leaders knew this was coming right from the start , but they decided to wait till it came to a head to fix it , since that would be more politically acceptable ( ie they get to play the hero and get re-elected ) . 
  hence the current mess . 
  it depends , direct democracy implies that you and i take an interest , and the time , to work through and understand the implications of each and every law . 
  i know that i do n't have the time , even though i 'd like to . 
  do you ? 
  lack of sunshine perhaps ? 
  tell me about it . 
  my bank sends me its balance sheet each year explaining how well it did , but a part from realising that it made a ton of cash , and i 'm not going to see much of it at all , i ca n't make head or tails of the document . 
  note : i run a small business , and do my own accounting , so i 'm in a better place than most with regards to reading balance sheets . 
  he states that ariane 5 does n't have a chance ( his words ) . 
  less colourful , but the intent is there . 
  he 's making this claim while his own launcher ( falcon heavy ) has n't been assembled yet , let alone flown . 
  this is premature imo . 
  shhh , that 's the whole idea , do n't say it too loud . 
  actually , i think they do . 
  when i look at cop\u00e9 , i ca n't help but see gop tactics at work . 
  the udi might be up your street . 
  with cop\u00e9 pushing the ump to the right , the udi stands to gain a lot of the moderate vote ( both from the ump , and disillusioned ps voters ) . 
  the point is that arianespace 's rocket 's are n't shit ( at least not as much as he claims ) . 
  he 's also badmouthing a launcher that has done , consistently and without fail for over 10 years , what he hopes to do when they finally get arround to assembling the falcon heavy . 
  this is premature to say the least . 
  good thing ~ ~ esa ~ ~ arianespace is a private entity then ... edit : fixed wrong name, 
  thanks for taking the time to reply . 
   economic hardship : what do you mean by that ?
