  a couple of questions : * what 's the unit ? 
  how has it been measured . 
  * what is this map based on ( it could be one internet users impressions for all that it 's annotated ) . 
  by all means fill in the details , but until then , i 'm classing this map as useless . 
  speak for your self !, 
  who went invading whom in the 1600s ? 
  i think the point is that if you take out a loan to buy x , if you ca n't repay the loan , you should lose x. 
  it kind of sounds fair from the consumer 's point of view , it also fits with the investment idea behind the interest added to the principal : the interest represents the risk that the bank will lose money . 
  for the bank , you took out a loan of $ n , the bank want 's all its money back ( plus interest ) . 
  realistically , having a huge loan still around when you 've already lost your home is kind of standing on a drowning mans head , but i 'm sure the banks disagree about taking a loss on their investment . 
   yes , however in countries such as spain the bank will take your house and you still owe them the money in the uk it 's called negative equity , basically , even if you lose your home you still owe the bank money . 
   we should all be trying to find out how to extend supply lines through europe and integrate existing industries with germany 's and ride on their inertia . 
  that 's one way to solve the crises . 
  and a very good one . 
  but it 's still a monetary transfer , just in another form . 
  ` extending the supply lines ' means that germany would be consuming goods from europe to make products that it exports using its network . 
  this means that germany would be boosting internal consumption , just what merkel is saying no to . 
   the us has done significant household debt slashing while most other nations have had theirs grow honest question : do house foreclosures count as debt reduction or are you referring to something else ? 
  in other words win-win . 
  now why are people against this again ? 
   new housing , new motorways and new high speed railways one of thos is not like the other two . 
  makeing new roads and high speed rail , if done intelligently , can be win win : you get people into jobs now , and you improve your attractiveness long term . 
  it can also be a fools erand if done poorly . 
  i was thinking about a government formed out of the ranks of the parlement , but good points . 
  depends , i remember the software patents debate where the commission just threw out all the amendments the parlement had voted and said ` try again ' , twice . 
  the fact that the commission decides the subjects that the council debates also gives them a lot of power . 
  the point is n't that there is n't a need for an executive , it 's that the commission is a perfect example of absolute power with near zero accountability . 
  the commission can do what it pleases , and there is almost no way to sanction abuses . 
  an executive pulled out of the parlement uk style would do . 
  you could also elect an eu president every 5 years and have him form a government . 
   it 's one of europe 's greatest achievements that even the craziest nutjobs acknowledge that the best chance they have of getting their way is to stand as a candidate for election like everyone else . 
  which is why keeping an european union arround is a very good thing . 
  please note that i said ` an ' not ` the ' , there 's a lot about the current eu that should be binned , the commission for a start . 
  this is called herd immunity , but some people rely on this to survive . 
  some people are allergic to certain components in vaccines , some people have depressed immunity making vaccines worthless ( think cancer patients , people with hiv/aids ) . 
  by not giving your kids shots , you 're weakening herd immunity , as op has shown , so not only are you mucking with your kids lives , but you 're also mucking with people who have no choice in the vaccine debate . 
   there have never been or ever will be an official call for violence from the party heads . 
  this is the really complicated bit . 
  history says that you either have to catch them makeing threats / inciting violence , or you come at them sideways ( tax laws , corruption laxs etc ) . 
   if we want to face facts we would see that banning the gd is a political action and not `` just '' an action of legislation just like the murder of the man in athens two days ago was not `` just '' a murder . 
  if you ban gd , it ** must ** be a judicial action . 
  every largess has to be given before the sanction is implemented . 
  no one should have any doubt that gd was banned * because * they killed / encouraged the killing of greek people . 
  think of the story about the lawyer who managed to get a conviction in court even though the judge gave the defence everything they wanted and he got squat . 
  he complained to his colleague : this judge hates me !, 
  to which the colleague replied : no he loves you , this way the defense has nothing to appeal . 
  do n't give the far right a stick to beat you with . 
  the important thing is that the woman have the choice , and not be bullied into something she does n't want . 
  what , you mean where everyone else lives ? 
  you can generalize that to ` i 'm not < a  but < something that confirms a  ' works for misogynists , homophobes , everything  . 
  what i love is : * spending too much money : bad * making arrangements that allow you to spend less : also bad the fun thing about republicans ( not the us sense ) is that they 're just believers in another religion . 
  `` here 's the conclusion , let 's see what facts we can find to support it '' . 
  they only turned it off last year too . 
  yep , they do n't do revolutions like they used to ... 
  not to rub in ( i 've been living in france since i was 11 , and i know that the uk was at least as bad ) , but these qualify : - veld ` hiv - algeria war - mass drowings during the terreur in nantes ( 1793 ), 
  chances are there is a big divide between the big universities and the state collages . 
  this is like how uni in the uk cost 's up to # 9000/year , but other structures ( ca n't find a name ) will provide diplomas for much less . 
  in france , a grande ecole will set you back 5000 $ / year , but uni will only cost you 400 $ / year . 
  if you have missed a harvest , no amount of economics will make food magically apear before the next one rolls around . 
  that 's where foodaid comes in . 
  what is n't stated , is that foodaid must be accompanied by farmaid aka making sure that every farm is producing for the next harvest , and that foodaid should be removed as soon as locally produced food is back on the market . 
  please stop calling the medef the bosses union , the medef is the big multinational 's union , it does n't give a toss about smes . 
   indeed , dropping out is very poorly seen in france , nothing new . 
  which is great for those of us who actually realise that dropping out does n't mean you 're stupid . 
  great talent pool , and first pick even if you 're small  another really fun part of the french system , is that you find loads of people who come out with research degrees and all that , and ca n't find work . 
  labour , labour , you mean that party that got into power by overtaking the tories on the right ? 
  not much left left in labour tbh . 
  for that matter , not a lot more left left in the ps . 
  fyi , according to the bbc , the ban has just got the go ahead . 
  i 'll assume there were sarcasm tags there ( this is reddit , so ca n't be sure ) . 
  a moratorium is n't an outright ban , but more a 2 year hiatus , so a ban is n't being discussed . 
  funny thing is , the absolute best way to prove that the product is harmless is to let the moratorium go into effect . 
  if nothing improves , then we can be pretty sure it was n't the pesticides . 
  opposing the ban just maintains a state of doubt over the entire situation , which is frankly the worst possible outcome for everyone if you think more than 2 years ahead . 
  the big issue is that people are being put in front of their own prejudices . 
  this generates a sort of cognitive dissonance where they desperately try to justify their hate without admitting that they 're homophobic . 
  the ` debate ' in france atm is a case study in homophobia and bad faith , and the only change that the text will make is allowing children of homosexual couples to live with the surviving partner if the civil guardian dies . 
  actually , my last paragraph illustrated my thoughts on the 3 general elections she won . 
  knowing how to say no as if it was yes was only part of it ( and she is hardly alone in using this tactic , today every politician does it ) . 
  a couple of points to remember though is that she was a master of what 's commonly called dog whistle politics : saying one thing and meaning another . 
  i remember when my parents were having some work done , and the builders were complaining ` bloody thatcher blah blah ' . 
  my mother asked them why did they vote for her , they replied that she promised to cut income tax . 
  she did too , just made up for it two-fold in other contributions . 
  also , general elections are every 4 years , for her first bid to re-election she had the falklands to fall back on , and for the second , labor was really giving them the election on a golden plate ( come on , campaigning on nuclear disarmament during the cold war ? 
  fptp means that not getting a landslide in parlement is kind of the exception . 
  you could say that it 's the good part of the system : whoever get 's in can get stuff done . 
  you forgot the poll tax . 
  the first attempt of a libertarians dream : every one pays the same in taxes ( not the same percent , the same amount ) . 
  does this mean that wedded couples who do n't want children should have their marriage annulled ? 
  what about couples who get married after the woman 's menopause , or when one of the couple is sterile ? 
  to push to the absurd , you could mandate fertility testing before allowing a marriage using this argument . 
  i like your way of putting things . 
  have a upvote  where we differ through is in how we understand egalitarianism . 
  for me it means equality of rights , not equality of value . 
  by all means push to be recognised as superior for whatever trait you want , but we all remain equal before the law . 
  little point : in france , marriage has n't had anything to do with the church for over 200 years . 
  the church still has n't gotten over it . 
  i think that 's the real reason we 're seeing so much opposition here . 
  the idea is that if you can boss the sate arround , you can make marriage a bit less republican , and homosexual rights seemed like a decent excuse to try the tactic . 
  this is all the more reason to not let them have their way though , since a victory for the church here could open the floodgates to more extreme intervention in politics ( abortion , ivf , biological research ... ) .
