  i mean when there is n't enough work to go arround . 
  thinking about independents as well as guildies here . 
  nice article about medical care . 
  from the wikipedia page , i ca n't help but wonder how distributists would handle times of economic hardship , and how they 'd handle medical costs , since they 're against social security ( and almost by definition against large insurance companies ) . 
  i do n't really see why this makes him a whore . 
  he looks like someone who 's studied europe a lot from what you quoted , or is there something special about these organismes that i do n't know ? 
  the commissioner should be fired , along with his colleagues . 
  i ca n't think of a single net plus that came out of the ec these last 10 years ( and boy are there net minuses ) . 
  the bloody vetos are part of the problem . 
  excuse my french . 
  as a british expat living in france , i can tell you that if the eu countries found themselves with out this through-the-toys-out-of-the-pram option , they 'd all start being much more reasonable about getting us all out of this mess ... 
  ppi was n't bad either ( regarding banking in general ) . 
  they 're probably thinking of numbers and the various scientific advances that came over the 500ad-1500ad periode . 
  it 's a valid point imo . 
  we should n't forget what we owe to other civilisations . 
  not so much a bad thing but too much of a good thing . 
  when you build a house , you add water to your cement . 
  you need water so that the cement will be malable , and set . 
  if you add to much water , you end up with a grey puddle that will never hold in place long enough to put the next brick on top of it . 
  it does n't need to be . 
  the idea is n't to tax trading , but to remove high frequency trading from the market . 
  high frequency trading uses computers to hold positions for 10ths of a second at a time , and as such , makes markets even more volatile than they should be ( the number of transactions can explode before anyone can find the off switch ) . 
  that would be aok with the echr . 
  you stipulate that as part of the sentence for a particular crime , you loose your voter card ( for x years ) . 
  the problem is with the blanket ban . 
  i 'd say that you can have reservations about the eu without being eurosceptic . 
  i 'm personally in favor of a major democratisiation of the eu , and replacing the comission with a group of meps ( chosen so that every country is represented , as well as representing the makeup of the ep ) . 
  i 'm deeply critical of what some of the beurocrats get up to . 
  i 'm not eurosceptic though , because i feel that the european project is a good thing , even if it still needs work . 
  i 'll contrast that with a lot of people ( not just here ) who 's only solution is to brake the eu up . 
  you might want to get that looked into , 
  my point was that the veto is an integral part of the democratic deficit . 
  you ca n't on the one hand use the democratic deficit as an argument against signing treaties whilst at the same time clinging to the veto ( well you can , it just does n't hold water ) . 
   sorry , but the national vetoes exist . 
  you ca n't just waive them away . 
  hence the democratic deficit everyone is complaining about . 
  this is exactly the part of europe that gives the comission ( of acta , ogm ans software patents fame ) its powers . 
  you want a more democratic eu , getting rid of the vetos , the comission , and after that the council is how it will happen . 
  please also note that none of this requires surrendering more power to europe for it to happen . 
  i genuinly feel that a solution that does n't require more integration would be fine . 
  it 's just that i ca n't really see a devided europe as you suggested being one ( for the reasons i stated earlier ) . 
  an example of a solution not requiring more integration would be a devaluation of the euro . 
  that would boost competiveness accross the board , and give the southern nations some much needed breething room . 
   anyway sorry this has been a long post thank you for taking the time to reply . 
   i think there 's a key fact about the eurozone crisis that you 're missing . 
  it 's cause is n't government debt , neither is it 's cause really the banks in southern europe , the real underlying cause is that the countries in southern europe over the years since the introduction of the euro got less competitive vs germany and the north . 
  i see your point , but for me this is only part of the problem . 
  if you look at the us , from an economic ( not political ) stand point , you have incredible disparity in wealth and competitiveness when you compare rich and poor states . 
  yet the system works . 
  why does it work ? 
  i think that its because there are wealth transfers built into the system to balance out the natural capital flight and , more importantly , the economic indicators are set by people thinking about what is best for the whole , and not just the part they live in . 
  if the whole of europe suddenly pulled a germany , we 'd end up in a depression because the euro would rise to the point that we could n't export anything . 
   in the euro you ca n't devalue , you ca n't really get much inflation going , so the only thing left is austerity . 
  which ... having been tested for 2 + years now ... does n't work . 
  for me there is n't a physical reason you ca n't do this , it 's just lack of political will . 
   and as for your final point , the current situation is already a `` haves '' vs `` have nots '' . 
  you have southern europe reliant on bailouts inflicting austerity on their populations vs the north which is more or less intact and ok . how could you have any more of a have vs have nots situation ? 
  i agree that the situation is dire , but for me the bailouts are more northern europe bailing out it 's banks than northern europe bailing out southern europe . 
  look at italy , it has a debt problem , but it 's had it for 20 years and has been paying it down like a good country . 
  spain had a better debt to gdp ratio than germany before the crises . 
  these are n't countries that are fundamentally broken ( yet ) . 
  the uk would also buckle if it was put under the same investor pressure . 
  would n't that solution end up killing the competitive advantage of northern europe , due to the rising currency value , whilst at the same time not giving the south that much of a break either ( the situation in spain , italy , ireland and greece do n't have much to do with each other ) . 
  finally , would n't this also cause the sort of split the entire euro project was set up to avoid ( 2 tier europe , haves and have-nots ... ) ? 
  fine , but in that case please provide ideas for going forward . 
  just saying let 's turn back the clock to 93 and all will be well is wishful thinking . 
  the ez is here , and is n't going anywhere ( dismantlement would be really messy ) . 
  the institutions need work ( the comission should die a painful death imo ) , but ca n't just be done away with either . 
  we need people to provide real solutions to go forward . 
  a solution that does n't require more integration is fine if it works . 
  a solution that leads to more integration is also fine by me , providing it works . 
  a nostalgic look at the 1980 's is neither . 
  i think there 's a 5 % rate under the 10 % actually, 
  in ops defense , he does state that it 's senior level he 's looking for . 
  that said , he could also promote someone in-house ( maybe pay for 2 weeks agile training to formalise what should already have been transmitted internally ) . 
  op could also set up one senior as a mentor to the promotee to keep an eye on things for the first 3 months or so . 
  funny how i have to read the telegraph to find out that business in my country of residence is up in arms . 
  as a small business owner , i honestly had n't noticed . 
  we actually do quite well in the current budget . 
  oh , you mean big business ? 
  you mean the kind that drinks subsidies and exports jobs overseas ? 
  ok , i get you there ... 
  please do n't take mrs parisot at her word . 
  she 's more interested in shareholders than the businesses they invest in . 
  they 're asking for a competitiveness shock ? 
  is n't that exactly what they got under the last administration ? 
  5 years of lenient tax policy and stimulus ? 
  and where are all the jobs that should have been created ? 
  of course the car industry is n't faring well , the government was paying up to 1/3 of the cost of new cars under n. sarkozy . 
  we ca n't afford to dish out that kind of money , especially when jobs are being outsourced anyways . 
  actually this is something i like about the ep , the diverse cultures mean that there is n't a flavour of the week ( or 5 years ) parlement . 
  the various national groups have to find common ground before the parlementry groups can form . 
  this gives a much more diverse political landscape that must be navigated by each bill : http://goo.gl/l0mkf . 
  this in turn halps keep the crazy stuff out . 
  in your example , even if the tories campaigned using some ukip themes , when they 're in , they can do what they like , where as if the ukip were in a government coalition , their weight would really be felt . 
  i 'm not going to knock the uk system ( currently living in south-west france ) , but i do feel that to big a majority gives politicians too much wriggle room . 
  i personally feel that what the eu really needs is for the ep to become a true parlement and the executive branch to be formed out of this ( maybe pr based on the number of seats for each group ? ), 
  this would in turn allow the ec to die the death it deserves . 
  which is going to have to be rejected again . 
  also please note that acta and ceta were introduced by the european comission ( a bunch of unelected burocrats that sould be fired asap ) not the ep .
