  since immigrants ca n't vote , i 'd assume that the ukip support is among the non immigrant , ie voting , public . 
  also , at 13 % total immigration ( bare in mind that a very large part of that is eu workers and students ) , i have trouble believing that they really affect the polls that much . 
   why do n't they have the money for their hospitals though ? 
  let 's just say that greece is in the middle of a depression , with 1 out of 4 adults unemployed and gdp that has shrunk 30 % in 5 years . 
  this kind of thing will cramp any countries finances . 
   people keep saying that but i have to wonder where they 're getting their data from - is it just wishing thinking ? 
  it fits the lazy greek stereotype , and allows people to not feel bad about what the greeks are going through . 
  according to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_greece#tertiary_sector_.28services.29 shipping is a much bigger contribution than tourisme ( shipping services account for over 50 % of exports ) , and would benefit from a devaluation ( admittedly , germany would n't like this since they are also big in the maritime transports game ) . 
  there is more to greece than a tourist destination . 
   it \u00b4 s a question to have or not have the balls and the brains to understand that there \u00b4 s no alternative to responsibility , when we live in society . 
  responsibility to whom ? 
  if a government 's first responsibility is to the people who elected it , then there is a serious responsibility deficit at the moment . 
  if a government 's first responsibility is to the ecb and the imf , then maybe we 're talking , but in that case you ca n't really call the result democracy ( oligarchy would be more precise ) . 
   except without the benefits that the eu and the euro does provide . 
  the problem is that the euro is part of greeces ' problems atm . 
  if they had their own currency , they could at least devalue to boost competitiveness without going straight to third world status . 
  i 'm not saying that there are n't other problems , but greece has made a herculean effort these past 5 years and the only results have been misery and cries for more from the troika . 
  now is the time where they really need some help to get back on their feet ( and no , austerity wo n't save them , that has been debunked by reality ) . 
  this is exactly the kind of system that we need to get out of this mess ( mutualised healthcare would be a good one to add in as well ) . 
  in which case the euro is doomed and the sooner it dies the better . 
  we 'll he 'd better get to work on fiscal transfers then , because otherwise it 's not just greece that will be leaving ( remember that portugal and spain go to the polls this year , and both have had enough of the austerity fairy ) . 
  it 's more than 1300 $ according to your article , but since we are talking about places where the median wage is under 100 $ a month , the point is kind of mute . 
  there is no way you try this kind of journey on a whim . 
  i did google , since the 10k figure is thrown about a lot in the media , and i found this : http://openborders.info/human-smuggling-fees/ admittedly this is for the us , but the order of magnitude is there . 
  here are some more figures : http://www.havocscope.com/black-market-prices/human-smuggling-fees/ morocco to europe : $ 24000 edit : spelling, 
  via the hertz agreements the germans have agreed to roll back a decent part of their social safety net in order to boost competivness and become an ` export powerhouse ' . 
  a lot of this has increased job precarity and lowered saleries at least in certain sectors ( down to 2 $ / hour in some cases , [ reuters link on euro jobs ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/08/us-germany-jobs-idustre8170p120120208 ) ) . 
  this means that the hard times you fall on will be much harder in germany than in , say , france and people do n't start families at risky times , they prefer to have a secure situation first . 
  could it be some of the sacrifices germans have made via the hertz reforms and that the rest of europe are n't too keen to emulate ? 
   were you able to preserve your social life once you got a kid ? 
  it will change , like everything does when a child enters your life . 
  this seriously looks like he 's preparing a grexit . 
  i ca n't see any other motivation for his behaviour the last 2/3 days . 
   the roblem with that argument is that there are a lot of countries ( in europe ) that are poorer than greece . 
  what other examples do you have where under 25 unemployment is at 50 % ? 
  and what did these under 25s ( who were too young to vote during the messy years ) do to deserve this ? 
  gdp does n't mean squat if people ca n't work to feed themselves or pay for healthcare , and the mass exodus that this will cause is going to come back to haunt greece in 20 years time . 
   however , without strict supervision , state financing by the ecb would have been a complete disaster . 
  which comes back to the political union . 
  eu wide unemployment benefits would be a good place to start since it ca n't be swindled as easily . 
  healthcare is another area where eu wide policy could work wonders ( imagine the power of single payer with 300m people behind them ) . 
   yes we did and consequential implemented reforms . 
  aided by a very favourable exchange rate . 
  you made real sacrifices , no question about that . 
  this really shows just how patriotic you are , since the average german has n't even benefited that much from germany 's riches ( your gdp has gone up 300 % , whereas median salaries have gone up 50 % over the past 15 years ) . 
  but those sacrifices would n't have paid off nearly as much with out the rest of the ez to keep the exchange rate favourable . 
  instead today you 'd have 6-7 $ to the dm and no real exports ( you have no internal consumption to speak of ) . 
  we ca n't all be germany , it just would n't work . 
  the problem is that this is people we are talking about , so re-adjust fine , but people need to work and eat . 
  unless you have a ` modest proposal ' in mind . 
   ecb is not allowed to directly finance member states . 
  stupid idea n \u00b0 1  direct transfers are not allowed between member states . 
  stupid idea n \u00b0 2 how anyone thought a currency union could work in such a system is beyond me . 
  case in point : imagine germany trying to hold together if the federal government could n't spend , the dutchbank could n't bail lander out and the landers could n't transfer money between them . 
  what would happen to ex-east germany in that situation . 
  answer : look at greece . 
   usually , governments honor the treaties signed by their predecessors . 
  because germany never went over 3 % gdp deficit since 2000 . http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/government-budget oups ... 
   have seriously damaged any goodwill people might have had towards greece . 
  let 's just say that being good for 5 years has netted them -30 % gdp and 30 % unemployment ( 50 % for the under 25s ) . 
  a fool is a person who tries the same thing over and over and expects a different result ... 
   they could start to collect owed taxes and prosecute evaders !, 
  they are , but it 's hard to collect taxes from a bankrupt company , and a lot of the owed taxes are in that category : non-collectable due to lack of funds . 
  maybe someone should have thought of that before sacrificing the economy to the austerity fairy . 
   your birthrate is still below replacement [ 1 ] level though . 
  for the first time in a decade and smack bang in the middle of , maybe not a recession , but serious economic uncertainty and sky high unemployment . 
  all things considered , it 's a surprise that it stayed that high for so long . 
  and do n't worry , the wheel never stops turning , 
  that is kind of a given for most places . 
  the uk needs to get manufacturing back in shape , france needs find the right level of taxation and workers rights and germany needs to work out how to have an export economy without killing internal consumption . 
  no one 's got the perfect formula yet , and we 're all starting in different places . 
   le figaro is right-wing , true , but highly regarded . 
  a word of warning : never read their comments section if you do n't want to gauge your eyes out , it really is the pits . 
   there is a debate currently in the city over whether the cost of poor and expensive eu regulation outweighs the benefits of being in the single market . 
  a look at cameron 's willingness to leave the eu ( all talk and no walk ) should answer that question for you . 
  if it was in the city 's interest to leave , the uk would be already long gone . 
   for some reason i do n't think the british wanting to leave and then get a free trade deal similar to norway and switzerland realize that includes free movement of people as well . 
  they do n't realize either that norway and switzerland have to obey 90 % of the regulations set in brussels with 0 % input into how those regulations are written . 
  norway and switzerland do n't care because norway is rolling in petrol and switzerland has an independent banking sector to bring in the money . 
  the uk has neither ( the success of the city is largely dependent on access to european markets ) . 
  you do realise that you 're comparing annual payments with total received subsidies over the history of the eu right ? 
  a bit apples to oranges ... 
  how is this different from the elections in member states ( france and the uk both have the same problem regarding parliamentary elections ) . 
  think about it , in the uk you have massive differences in the size of constituencies depending on where you are ( i think there 's a factor of 4 between the smallest and the largest , but do n't quote me on that ) . 
  only pure pr on a national/european scale would solve your problem . 
  also , this does n't change the fact that the election is still one man one vote ( no person can vote twice in the european elections ) . 
  just curious , what do you mean by ` without one man one vote ' , the parliament seems to respect that , and the council does since it 's made up of ministers from the member states . 
  it 's called default and is a real possibility at the moment . 
  especially since greece has a primary surplus at the moment and as such would actually be better of in the short term by defaulting . 
  the long term is more debatable , but when putting food on the table is a real concern , you do n't think that long term . 
  2 ways of saying the same thing , the 1.5 billion represents the current interest on the entire loan so to speak . 
   it 's purpose ( among others ) is to return financially ailing member states to a condition were they can finance themselves without help again . 
  / u/whelping _ monster 's point is that what the imf asked was guaranteed from the get go to make a bad situation worse for greece . 
  if you google , there were even people at the time inside the imf stating so , but they pushed ahead anyway . 
  fast forward 4 years , and 120 % gdp debt has shrunk to 140 % gdp debt , whilst the economy has contracted 30 % and youth unemployment is at 50 % . 
  there was obviously something wrong with either the diagnosis or the prescription and in both cases , a course change is drastically needed . 
  the last elections in greece were more a desperation vote than a let 's annoy everyone vote . 
   if you are referring to wwii , it were the germans themselves that made a deep and trustful impression to the allies . 
  it were the germans themselves that made germany as prosperous as it is right now . 
  the point was that after wwi the allies punished germany so harshly that they , not to say they sowed the seeds of wwii , but they did prepare a pretty fertile ground .
