frankly , i think his biggest mistake was not sticking to his guns at the start of his mandate . 
  everyone new that he could compromise , but he needed to show people that he had clout too , and once that chance passed the media just demolished him for it . 
  florange left a rarely sower taste in a lot of peoples mouths too ( he cut of one of his ministers and allowed a steel plant to close after having gone on record to say that he would n't a few months before ) . 
  i do n't know if in the grand scheme of things his decision was right or wrong , but it definitely gave sent a horrible message to the french voters . 
  in france , before the switch , there were people who still converted to old francs ( a currency that had n't been used for 30 + years ) . 
  these results do n't surprise me at all . 
  no wars for 70 + years ? 
  that 's a real improvement over what it was like before ( 1 war every 20 years of so ) . 
  cameron is pro-city . 
  the city wants the uk in the eu , because like that they have access to european markets and can block banking reform , hence cameron 's lack of action . 
  that said , if given a choice between being pro-city and keeping his house for the next four years , cameron will obviously choose the latter ( especially since if he can hold of the ukip `` he 'll have a fair chance of having a majority this time round ) . 
  looking at it that way , a challenge that could lead to brexit would be just the ticket to keeping the keys to number 10 . 
  for the country it 'd be disastrous , but politically a smart move ( especially since any nastiness wo n't have time to bite before the elections ) . 
  iirc there are other pipelines open now that do n't pass by russia . 
  it would n't be fun but it would be doable . 
  it 'll be worse for them both in the short term and in the long term . 
  short term : europe can survive on its other resources ( ie on non russian gas ) , but russia looses it 's main customer long term : if you want people to work out how to not need natgas , best thing to do is make the supply shaky . 
  if russia goes through with it 's menace , it will be killing the value of its main export . 
  case in point , after the oil shocks ( which were n't complete cutoffs ) , opec had to literally flood the market with oil , killing the price for 20 years to keep people buying their product . 
  do n't be so sure , they can campaign on making london keep it 's promises , which would attract people from both camps . 
  which seems all the more relevant even if it was about a conflict that was supposed to be over 20 yeas ago . 
   you lot want political union , we just want trade , why not just let you lot have political union , and the eu-uk relationship can go back to a trade agreement ? 
  because that would be bad for the city . 
  not necessarily end of the world catastrophic , but not good . 
  paris , berlin and frankfert would gain at london 's expense , since they are still in the eu . 
  could you give us stops per 1000km ^ 2 ? 
  stops per population ( millions ) . 
  those might be more useful than absolute numbers . 
  which is a shame , since actually the red cross is one of the few truly neutral organisations . 
  they keep it that way since like that they can get to people who they would n't be able to reach otherwise . 
   the same hypocrisy as in all ~ ~ abrahamic ~ ~ religions . 
  ftfy the fun bit about religion is that you get to keep the bits that fit your world view and ` interpret ' the rest away . 
  they wo n't starve on that diet , but rather them than me ... 
  i wonder if putin will be having some cabbage with his cabbage ? 
  frankly , as a french boss , i can tell you that if things go south , you can just dump the company ( providing you had the forsight to go limited and did n't stuff every last cent into it ) . 
  this is especially easy if you do n't wait till the last minute ( ie you still have some assets on board ) . 
  things are even better now since a failed startup does n't count against your banking record anymore ( ie it wo n't penalise financing for another venture ) . 
  i 'm not saying that there 's nothing wrong with the french system , there is plenty , you could write a book about it ( and lots of people have ) , but do n't make it out to be worse than it actually is . 
  also bare in mind that these values are n't linear cost per euro in most places . 
  taking from france since that 's an example i know : as a boss , if you employ someone on minimal wage , you pay next to nothing in contributions . 
  contributions slowly increase untill the salary gets to 35k $ / year , at which point you pay full whack . 
  just this to say : take these values with a pinch of salt . 
  hence ` for the time ' . 
  during that period ( think 900ad-1200ad ) , most religions were spread by the sword , and you lived much better ( and quite a bit longer ) as a christian in an islamic city than as a muslim in a christian one . 
  it was also a pretty tolerant civilisation for the time . 
  it boiled down to the fact that if you did n't want to convert to islam , you paid more in taxes , and you did n't make a spectacle of yourself . 
  at the same time in europe we were burning witches ... 
  frankly , facts seem to contradict that statement at least for western europe . 
  the uk , france , spain and italy have all rolled over repeatedly , where as the ep has held firm , shooting down acta , software patents , roaming fees etc. 
  today , the ep cares more about the man on the street than national governments do . 
  yep , it means that you get a debate instead of a rubber stamp ... 
  here 's a nice article on the subject : http://eu-rope.ideasoneurope.eu/2013/11/10/winston-churchill-a-founder-of-the-european-union/, 
   why ca n't we just have a european community , as we once had ? 
  free trade , some basic rules to govern that , and intergovernment co-operation for countries interested in doing that ? 
  because , from churchill onwards , that was never the plan ( i 'm not saying anything about what was sold to the british public in the 70s ) . 
  the base line has always been ever deeper integration to make any intra-european aggression economic/social/political suicide , and hence avoid another world war . 
  the end game of this is to make europe one country for all intents and purposes . 
  you did notice the ` ifs ' ? 
  the point is that the articles claims do n't mean jack without context , and the article refuses to provide . 
  looking at / u/retrojoe 's link seems to prove my point , since among the eu28 , italy comes in at n \u00b0 4 population wise with an annual growth of 416k ( 0.70 % ) vs the uks 400k ( 0.63 % ) . 
  depends , these kids do n't look like their going to get off my lawn away anytime soon / s. 
  if the uk grew by 400k , and spain by 399k , then yes the numbers are pretty meaningless . 
  also , if the the uk grew by say 0.5 % with those 400k , but italy grew by 1.5 % with 300k , that would also mean that the title was misleading . 
  as others have said , context is everything , and here we have almost none . 
  if by sizable you mean 10 % , then yes . 
  they 're still a distant third behind android and ios , and that 's in spite of microsoft giving the os away and blackmailing android makers so that it costs them more to use android than to buy wp8 licences ( even before they started giving those away for free ) . 
  is n't that the point ? 
  no , just over their own electorate . 
  just like cameron in the uk . 
   because cameron does n't know if a free trade deal is on the table and how many powers can realisitically be repatriated . 
  also at what cost . 
  cameron knows that a brexit would cost the uk it 's council seat , it 's commissioners and it 's meps . 
  nothing would stop europe then enacting financial reforms that would bleed the city in favour of paris , frankfort etc. 
  it 's vital for the uk that any re-negotiation keeps the city 's access to europes markets open and unrestrained . 
   he is just a representative of the party that has the most seats , nothing more . 
  the same could be said for cameron in the uk and valls in france . 
  as were many other groups , but they were opposing him in the context of the european elections , not as a ` we did n't get what we want so screw democracy and everything we said before ' . 
  i did n't vote for juncker , i do n't agree that he was the best candidate for the job , but as the epp is the largest group , juncker should have first shot at forming a workable coalition . 
   he also probably wants some sort of solidarity mechanism ( extra grant money , eurobonds ) , which would fit into this goal of federalism . 
  frankly , grants and or eurobonds were a sure thing as soon as the euro rates were fixed ( ie 1999 ) . 
  that 's the only way to counter-act the fact that the exchange rate will become punishing for some countries . 
  you have the same mechanism inside the various countries ( the rich regions that help the poor ones ) , so why not at an european level ? 
  meybe what would be best for the uk is a brexit followed by a bilateral trade agreement . 
  like that the uk can negotiate one on one with the eu and come to an agreement that respects both sides . 
   david cameron is a lizard . 
  but is he the right lizard ? 
  should we have chosen another lizard ? 
  seriously though , you 're right , cameron is the best ally juncker ever had . 
   also , junker has to make a lot of concessions to get support from the majority of the parliament , so he ca n't just push united states of europe over everyone 's heads without resistance if he gets chosen . 
  it 's not like it 's guaranteed he will manage to get a majority in the parliament either . 
  ( i 'd rather see one of the other candidates succeed but i think it 's fair to give junker the first show . ), 
  juncker 's support from the ep mainly stems from the fact that the epp has the most seats and he 's the epp 's candidate . 
  in the interest of democracy , he should get the first shot at the job . 
  it does n't mean he wont face stiff resistance if he tries to act up . 
  after all , the epp does n't have anything near a majority . 
  it 's also in the ep 's ( and europe 's ) interest that the idea of the president of the comission being chosen , even indirectly , by the voting public rather than appointed by 28 a committee of people . 
   though , i can see the uk public not being too used to how coalitions work given that they have fptp elections where as little as 35 % of the vote have been enough for a majority government . ), 
  in their defence , the british public ca n't have voted for juncker , since no party present in the uk elections were part of the epp ( the tories had the brilliant idea in 2009 that to gain more influence , they should form their own gang instead of being number 3 in the epp ) . 
  wow , just wow . 
  a few quotes :  privately , a lot of european governments understand that the institutions of europe need reform , that they [ need ] more investment into europe , that europe needs to better connect as a union with the people on this continent .
