  keynesian does this directly through stimulating demand , and monetarist states that if you nip the problem in the bud , you can stave off the demand shortage by makeing sure the banks never drain the real economy to start with . 
   it 's quite possible that this was a natural correction . 
  it quite possibly was . 
  in the classic example , we 'd have seen the dracma plummet in value for a bit and greece would have gotten back on its feet . 
  of course the euro meant that that could n't happen , so there were two other measures that could be taken . 
  the first is fiscal transfers , which basically goes by mutualising certain services ( healthcare , unemployement benefits ) on a european level , allowing greece to concentrate on getting it 's act together to pay off debt whilst keeping it 's economy intact . 
  the second ( and what happened ) is demand destruction , which is the politically correct way of saying ` let them starve ' . 
  the euro should mean that we 're all in this together . 
  should ... 
    i 'm going to have to shoot your messenger here  ad hominem . 
  does n't make the criticisme invalide  like milton friedman , nobel prize winner ? 
  the fun bit is that both keynesian and monetarist theroeis call for the same basic remedy : get money back into the system and get it moving . 
  keynesian does this directly through stimulating demand , and monetarist states that if you nip the problem in the bud , you can stave off the demand shortage by makeing sure the banks never drain the real economy to start with . 
  to get back on topic , in europe post 2008 , neither policy was implemented properly : there has been no demand stimulus to speak of and liquidity has n't been injected into banks ( loans are just kicking the can down the road ) . 
  depends on the country . 
  frances 3rd republic had a more concensus model , but no gouvernement lasted for more than 6 months ( the shortest was 11 days ) . 
  not exactly a model of stability . 
  are you seriously brandishing the thatcher years as a model to follow ? 
  i 'm going to have to shoot your messenger here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/center_for_freedom_and_prosperity citation :  the center for freedom and prosperity ( or cf&p ) is an american nonprofit organization that advocates for flat taxes , territorial taxation systems , and offshore tax havens . 
  the only people who argue that the new deal was n't a good thing are austrians who conveniently forget that their policies were implemented almost to the letter during the 1928-1932 period , and it 's only when fdr got in and kicked the austrians out that the economy started to recover . 
  here is a graph of real us gdp : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/causes_of_the_great_depression#/media/file:us_gdp_10-60.jpg note that gdp only picks up in 1933 , after the change of administration . 
  tldr : the solutions from the great depression are exactly what 's needed when you have to turn around a crashing economy . 
   much like most countries . 
  yep , it 's either that or have endless minority/coalition governments that are incapable of doing much of anything at all . 
   who are they protecting ? 
  people who are getting by on under 400 $ / month ( that 's what the aides system is , a supplement for pensionners who get less than 400 $ / month ) . 
  it 's the kind of reforme that does n't get much money back but does kick the most vulnerable in the teeth . 
  it seems to be in fasion atm . 
  can we please stop brandishing a slow down in the contraction of the greek economy as some kind of economic boom ? 
  last december they were still at 25 % gdp contraction since 2008 and 30 % unemployement . 
  these are great depression level figures . 
  things have n't been rosy for nearly 8 years . 
  hint : the great depression was n't solved by austerity , although austeroty was tried during the 1928-1933 periode . 
   but it 's currently represented by a party that got 36 % of the votes . 
  much like the uk then . 
  nop , because the us has functioning fiscal integration . 
  that 's why you never hear of the billions funnelled between states , because for them it 's a non issue , it 's just part of being united . 
  by letting greece go , the eu is showing that they are anything but united and are perfectly capable of throwing one of their own under a bus , which undermines all the confidence that a union should bring . 
  the ecb could start by meeting the inflation targets that are it 's main goal . 
  i have n't seen 2 % inflation in years . 
  ( and you know what writing off greek debt would do : cause inflation , two birds with one stone  ), 
  he 's talking about afghanistan ( not the 2000 remake , the 1980s original ) . 
  the russians tried to push afghanistan to join the warsaw pact , the cia decided that this would be a good time to train and arm the moudjahidine that were fighting back . 
  the tldr of it is russia got it 's ass handed to it and the taliban setup shop in kabul for the next 15 years . 
  what about the people who did n't vote for the government that borrowed ? 
  are they guilty by association ? 
  it 's well known that only russia has elections where everyone agrees . 
  what about the citizens of eu countries who 's elected governments turned a blind eye to the greek irregularities ? 
  are they guilty by association too ? 
  if so , the bailouts should continue ... are people really to be held liable for the acts of their governments ? 
  viktor yanukovych was elected pm of ukraine , is the entire nation to be held accountable for his crimes ? 
  looking at / u/bowgentle 's post , it seems that defaulting in 2010 would have been ritual suicide . 
  since greek banks held more than half the debt , defaulting would have single-handedly killed off the greek banking sector . 
  the people most affected by that would be the working classes who do n't , as a rule , have a foreign bank account . 
  edit : spelling, 
  you could also argue that france did n't fall anywhere near as far after 2008 as ireland or spain did , so it 's natural that they should start picking up sooner ( but that they also have a bigger hill to climb ), 
  wow , i 'd like to see your code , if you do n't mind  . 
  shhh , did n't you get the memo : france is bad for business , full stop . 
  why are you trying to inject logic into this argument ? 
  span ( 23 % ) : http://countryeconomy.com/unemployment/spain irland ( 9.8 % ) : http://countryeconomy.com/unemployment/ireland france ( 10.6 % ) : http://countryeconomy.com/unemployment/france uk ( 5.5 % ) : http://countryeconomy.com/unemployment/uk spain is still a disaster , ireland is in the same ballpark as france . 
  only the uk seems really different , and that could be for a host of reasons : different monetary reply to 2008 ( you did n't have the ecb playing silly buggers ) , also different job market ( part time is a much bigger thing in the uk which reduces the numbers a lot ) . 
  france needs to get unemployment down , that 's for sure , but it is n't a basket case by any length , no matter what france24 would like you to believe . 
   hollande will soon go in full campaign mode and possibly attack valls popularity , a thing he has avoided for now as it was the easiest way to introduce the latest reforms . 
  add to that that holland has tried to do what chirac did to jospin with valls , but not sure if it 'll work . 
  the real deciding factor will be the 2015 economic outlook . 
  0.6 % growth in the 1st quarter is really really good ( generally q1 is pulled down because people do n't have any cash spare after xmas ) , so if it holds ( and i really hope it does ) , we could be looking at a really good year . 
  unemployement will always lag behind growth but should pick up arround q4 2015/q1 2016 ( except if the growth was a fluke or we 're going into a jobless recovery ) . 
  now , fast forward to may 2017 . 
  if the economy picks up , holland will be coming to the election on the back of solid growth , and general optimisime ( people are happier when they see things improve ) . 
  add to that the fact that people in general do n't have much memory and you have holland 2017 . 
  i 've always had a nagging feeling that this was holland 's plan all along : betting on a turn arround mid-term to save him . 
  it makes a lot of otherwise stupid decisions make sense , and i prefer to bet that people are n't completly stupid . 
  ps : i know that there are enough ifs here to put paris in a bottle as the french say ... 
  pssst : that 's the lhc which has totally failed to produce a black hole and end the world as we know it for nearly a decade now . 
   democracy would be a direct election for the the commission president . 
  you could replace commission president with prime minister and also have a compelling argument . 
   and the council could refuse to propose the candidate ep wants . 
  and the queen could refuse to nominate a pm from the party that controls the commons . 
  actually the council picks ** a ** candidat and the ep approves , the ep just said that they 'd only approuve a candidate that represented the result of the ep elections . 
  if the ep had to approuve any candidate chosen by the council , then the ep would n't have any power , and you 'd be screaming democratic deficit with good reason . 
  that said , having the chief of the commission chosen through the ep elections is more democratic and representative than having him chosen through backroom negotiations in the council ( also , when you look at actual results , the ep actually represents the eu citizens and it 's the ec , ie the heads of nations , that are selling out , just look at what happened with roaming charges ) . 
   european commission ( executive branch ) , but preferably both , should be elected directly by the citizens of each country . 
  when you look at national examples , the executive branch does n't have to be elected . 
  the uk is the prime example here . 
  also , in the last ep elections , the head of the commission was directly chosen through the election ( even though this was n't emphasised by the media , who seemed to be under orders to censor the whole idea ) . 
  different reference , but it passes too, 
  but a brave new world !, 
   the only thing that saved the us economy was it 's response to the second world war . 
  which is why us gdp [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:us_gdp_10-60.jpg ) and industrial production [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:1930industry.svg ) in 39 were back to their pre-depression levels . 
  you know that the austrian school of thought ( hayek and rothbard ) that recommended a do nothing response to the crises in 1928 was followed by hoover until the end of his term . 
  it 's fairly striking that as soon as fdr becomes president , and enacts the new deal , the economy picks up . 
   any solution that does not drastically affect the greek population is nothing more than pandering for votes or continued self-deception . 
  true , but unless they stimulate demand in some way , anything they try is a non starter . 
  since we 're at great depression levels of gdp reduction and unemployment , lets look at how the new deal got the us ( more or less ) back on its feet ( things were n't shiny again until wwii ) : - fdr absorbed loads of unemployment with infrastructure projects that a ) improved infrastructure ( doh . . ) which is good for business and b ) made sure people had money since they were working , people with money spend it , hence growth . 
  - fdr also set up the basics of the welfare state so that even if you were unemployed , you could still look for work and not end up begging in an alley , which kept the social tissue intact to allow growth . 
  now let 's fast forward to 2015 . 
  greece has plenty of infrastructure , so you ca n't apply that lever in the same way as fdr did , but you do need something to stimulate demand . 
  otoh , greece 's welfare state is in tatters ( there are numerous reports of hospitals running out of medicine , people burning their furniture to stay warm in the winter , and children not getting a reel meal a day ) , so that is something you really need to address if you want greece to come out of it 's slump . 
   iirc japans debt is currently somewhere around 200 % of their gdp and last i checked they werent collapsing or anything like that . 
  japan has a central bank that actually helps it , instead of just complaining that the 2 % inflation target has been missed by a country mile again but not doing much about it ( qe is good , but 5 years too late , plus they excluded greece , just to make sure they ca n't recover ) .
