  the problem is that the troika wants greece to think short term and gut itself to pay back loans ... 
   the shortest route with a plane from china to europe goes over northern russia provided you can dodge the sams ... 
  if it went completely south it would have been the best option all around . 
  germany and the netherlands leaving would have tanked the value of the euro , which would have helped the ez 15 recover , once the initial shock had passed . 
  not an ideal solution by any means , but not without merit ( germany would have fallen on its own sword with that scenario , since the dm would appreciate so fast it would kill exports ) . 
  unfortunately , most raw materiel markets are priced in dollars . 
  so oil , metals etc got more expensive too , even if we do n't buy them from the us . 
  otoh , most of the ez is more used to having a weak currency than a strong one , so this can only be a good thing imo . 
  apple never sold on price . 
  they sell on value and brand , so the price hike might even be good for them since it makes their products more exclusive . 
   but incredibly bad news for the german people who love to travel to foreign countries . 
  :( it 's bad for the german people in general , since the real median wage has n't actually gone up that much even though the gdp has shot up . 
  german companies on the other hand will be laughing all the way to the bank . 
  more importantly though , other countries in the ez will get a much needed breath of fresh air ( thinking france , spain , italy and yes , even greece here ) . 
   we 're not going to earn much more because companies go well , but it makes out products more competitive so it does create a workload to produce them . 
  it also penalises people who outsource out of the eu . 
  the chinese and indians will want to be paid in dollars , so there is an incentive to keep more production local , which will lead to more jobs . 
  that benefits everyone . 
  gas will go up , but europe does something like 90 % of its trade internally so price shocks wo n't be too much of a burden for the basics ( computers , phones etc will go up though ) . 
  the point is that for most of europe , the euro was far too strong . 
  this devaluation will boost exports and allow countries besides germany ( think spain , italy and france ) to get back on their feet . 
  germany will benefit too since it 's exports will be even more ridiculously cheap than they are currently , but that 's just collateral in my mind , they do n't need the help at the moment . 
   and asking the baker to collect due taxes from his employees is n't too much too ask . 
  the problem being that the `` due taxes '' asked are killing the greek economy , which was n't in great shape before the euro killed what industry they had left , and with it their capacity to finance their budget and repay debts . 
  at some point we are either going to have to go full federal with the monetary transfers that go with it ( like every other currency block on the planet ) , or dissolve the euro . 
  of the 2 , i feel the federal route will be the least painful for all involved . 
  i can understand that the average german on the street must be annoyed by the pissing match that 's currently going on , doubly so since they have n't actually benefited that much from germany 's prosperity ( german gdp has gone up 75 % since joining the euro [ gdp ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp ) , real earnings have more or less stagnated at least since 2007 [ real earnings ] ( https://www.destatis.de/en/factsfigures/nationaleconomyenvironment/earningslabourcosts/realearningsnetearnings/tables/indexofrealearnings.html ) , could n't find data for before ) , and do n't see why money should be exported when it could be better used at home . 
  otoh , the inbalences in the ez are going to need taking care of one way or the other , and greece is just the weakest link so to speak , once it will be taken care of another country will take its place ( my money 's on italy or spain , neither of which can be kept on life support like greece ) . 
  so basically , the german government still has n't accepted that their puppets are no longer in control in greece and wants to try to bring the new team in line . 
  how much more is needed until people realise that asking a baker to sell his oven to pay rent is n't going to fix anything ... 
  this is depressing ... 
  not necessarily prepaid here , it could be a ` free ' sim . 
  i pay 20 $ for that ( free telecom in france ), 
  the result of ` us vs them ' that the papers are shoveling . 
  it 's a disgrace that , at the time when we really need to pull together and act like europeans for one , that so much energy is pushed into dividing us up more than ever . 
  it really is a case of united we have a chance of standing , but divided we will all fall very hard . 
  yep , goes to show just how close space is . 
  i 'm not sure if the eurosceptics can really be counted as a counterweight . 
  a counterweight is someone who gives a constructive outlook and helps you by being devil 's advocate , they are also open to dialogue and allow you to build a compromise position . 
  the eurosceptics fail on both points , they fight on talking points and memes rather than facts ( they 'll complain about regulation , but never cite the regulations that need changing , or what to change them too ) , and they are completly uninterested in trying to build a better compromise position . 
  no matter what is proposed it 's never enough . 
  for me the eu referendum will be the ultimate eurosceptic test , and one way or the other should kill the mouvement . 
  either leave wins , so that they no longer have a purpose , or remain wins and they can be quietly side lined for the trouble makers they are . 
  what i fear most for june is a 51 % / 49 % vote to remain . 
   the tories were very reluctant to hold a referendum , they wo n't be in a rush to do it again . 
  well i just hope that if in wins , it removes a lot of eurosceptics from the board and let 's constructive people take their place . 
  frankly , since i posted that and more details have filtered , i 'd have to side more with the uk now , since de details mean that the meddeling into ez affairs basically boils down to being able to be told in person that it 's none of his business . 
  cricky , that 'll end up being a lot of referendums if each one has to be re-voted every 30 years ... 
  we 're not playing civ v here , 
  you 're not being optimistic , from what 's filtered soo far , cameron 's got away with a massive amount of concessions for effectivly planting a bomb under his own chair . 
  this just means that 5 years from now , provided the uk votes to stay , the next uk government will be back asking for yet more special treatement . 
  you 're telling me . 
  i was really hoping the uk was going to get a thick ear over this . 
  cameron 's got way too much . 
  that stating the obvious : any trade deal concluded after brexit could n't happen untill after the * effective * brexit is n't much of a threat . 
  it 's not much of a threat if he 's just saying : the treaties will be observed . 
  is it ? 
  considering the referendum is n't due until 2017 , and article 50 allows for 2 years negotiations prior to leaving , that puts us at ... 2019 for an effective uk exit . 
  not blackmail , just stating facts , and trolling reddit apparently . 
  and they 'll both be better of by knowing where they stand with regards to each other . 
  do you have any idea what the new elections would bring ? 
  a switch back to pp/psoe ? 
  actually the law states that a doctor must certify that :  l\u2019\u00e9tat de sant\u00e9 du mannequin , \u00e9valu\u00e9 notamment au regard de son indice de masse corporelle ( imc ) , est compatible avec l\u2019exercice de son m\u00e9tier which translates to :  the state of health of the model , notably taking into account his/her bmi is compatible with the work being required of him/her nowhere is it stating that thin people are the only targets , although let 's just be honest here , there are far more people starving themselves for the podium than force feeding themselves ... 
   still feels unethical to limit the law to anorexic models but not to obese ones ( despite the rarity ) . 
  good thing the law is n't limited to underweight models . 
  the law states that professional models should have a medical certificate certifying that they are up to the job , and that bmi should be taken into account . 
  no where does it specify which extreme more problematic . 
  the problem is that , using the correct terminology , it is n't a fallacy . 
  there are a lot of regimes that called themselves communist , but were actually socialist in the marxist definition of things ( in true communism there is n't a central government at all and everything just happens , which goes a way to explaining why it has n't been tried : nothing in it for those at the top ) . 
  most socialist parties today are actually social-democrats . 
  that does n't mean communism would work , i 'd give it 3 days before devolving into ( bad ) anarchy , but no , on nation state scale it has never been tried . 
  probably not , but to be honest france 2 is n't much better with their real-crime documentaries and such ... 
  except that they wo n't . 
  sarkozy has already ruled out any alliance , and the socialists have no reason to give anymore than they already have ( they can mathematically win all the other regions ) . 
  the sacred alliance is no more . 
  me too to be honest ( i 'm a british expat in the south of france ) . 
  2017 is really up in the air at the moment , and i ca n't see a result that does n't worry me to be honest . 
  it 's regional elections , no one will gain legislative powers before 2017 . 
  do n't count on it , the center right leader has flat out refused any alliance and the left has a big enough vote reserve to win all the regions bar 3 in the 2nd round . 
  the real losers are probably going to be the center-right caught between a rock and a hard place . 
  the real winners will be the national front , since this is a real show of power , and left who have reversed their disastrous local and european results . 
   those who [ ... ] out of necessity becomes devout , stay . 
  you nailed it here . 
  if these people really wanted this they would n't have waited for daesh 's arrival . 
  some people might like it , but mostly what people want is food , shelter , medecin and not being blown up . 
  daesh is keeping control by providing the first 3 and realtivly less of the fourth ( remember that these are among the reagions that were rocked hardest by the insurgency ) . 
  this does n't mean that most people have the religous fervor to off their own kids for singing . 
   if you think isil is not supported by locals it 's all relative . 
  there 's only a certain amount of support you can obtain when you insist on gunning down kids because they watched a football match . 
  what daesh is putting in place though is minimal civilian infrastructure , to aim for a ` bread and games ' kind of peace where the local misery is n't enough to trigger an uprising . 
  most of the armed factions are either coerced or are from further afield . 
  no it ca n't , but the capacity is there . 
  if france really decided to , daesh would be a ( radioactive ) smoking crater before the sun goes down . 
  the reason we do n't is because we still adhear to higher standards than the animals who commit these kind of atrocities . 
  frankly , i feel that the best reaction would be to put aside the article in the geneva conventions that talks about not killing opposing heads of state ( it does n't even apply since daesh obviously are n't signatories ) , and bring the hurt to the supposed ` calif ' in a very personal way . 
  the resulting blow would seriously undermine daesh both ideologically ( ca n't have a califat without a calif , and since they want to appear sunni , said calif must be a direct descendant of mohamed , so you ca n't just replace him ) , and politically , since the resulting power vacuum would pit commander against commander in syria . 
  how does this work regarding schengen ? 
  how does the border work ? 
  ok , i 've read it on wikipedia . 
  ireland is n't in schengen , which solves the problem .
