  ok , this is for the uk , but according to this : [ link ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/election_2010/8497014.stm#cost ) a general election in the uk costs 80m , so a presidential election would probably cost about as much . 
  if we just look at the cost of the royal family , we can see that an election would cost 2 years of royal upkeep . 
  we 'd have to add to that running costs , which , looking at the french president , come to # 73m per year , even if you halve that number since a uk president would n't have any real power , you 're still out 80 + 36 * 4 = # 224m vs # 168m for the royals of the same 4 years . 
  so for the uk at least , a president ca n't be a money saver even ignoring the loss of rent ( the uk royals actually bring in # 200m of revenue to the uk government each year ) . 
  the money that the royal family get 's is basically a rent paid of for the use and exploitation of lands that belong to the crown . 
  not including indirect bonuses ( like tourism ) , the uk government spends # 42m on the royals and gets # 200m back through exploitation of the crown 's lands . 
  the republicain take on this is that you just expropriate the royals when you go full republic , which makes you wonder if this ` republic ' thing is worth it if it means that anybody the government does n't like can be stripped of all they own by decree . 
  no , but the point is irrelevant , it in no way justifies russia 's actions . 
  crimea was part of ukraine , a sovereign state , when russia decided to invade and annex it . 
   russia warned - in a 2008 leaked wikileak - that expansion into ukraine would be unacceptable and might very well delve the country into civil war followed by splitting it in 2 . 
  that is n't exactly what happened , it was more a case of : ... that expansion into ukraine would be unacceptable and might very well force russia to take back by force what it considers it 's property . 
  the eu also still has a reasonable recollection of the kind of mess a land war leaves behind . 
  in 70 years we 've at least learnt that it 's better that the mess be somewhere else ( and someone elses problem ) ... not running head on into a ground war with russia is frankly a pretty good move . 
  the only winners of such a war would be those on the sidelines selling ammunition . 
  that said , if you want to fuel the argument about the democratic deficit of the eu , not choosing juncker would be the perfect way to go about it . 
  i do n't like the epp , but for better or for worse , they won the election . 
  they 've got the job , with all that goes with it , good and bad . 
   another similar expression is `` pens\u00e9e unique '' , again hard to translate , on reddit i think it would be called the hivemind . 
   austerity to me is mainly such things as increasing competition through abolishment of state mandated monopolies , removing unreasonable perks for certain groups of people acquired through voter bribing or outright corruption , etc. 
  on this i can only agree . 
  the example i was thinking of was the new deal where the money came from inflation . 
  this does n't mean you ca n't over do infrastructure , but punishing your population in the name of competitiveness wo n't jump start demand , and without demand your economy tanks regardless , just as it would without supply . 
   that is growth through increased competitiveness . 
  it 's growth , the hows and whys are negotiable . 
  if you decide to build a hyperloop from berlin to madrid passing by paris , you 're going to give an enormous stimulus to 3 countries ' economies . 
  this stimulus is through wages for the people who work on the project . 
  said wages are put back into the economie , since normal people do n't have enough to go looking for financial markets or tax havens , and the economy grows . 
  once the project is finished , you have a one of a kind piece of infrastructure unifing 3 huge market places , which will also grow the relevant economies . 
  this is how the us beat the great depression ( that and selling the allies weapons during wwii ) . 
  `` increased competitiveness '' today is all to often a code word for a race to the bottom regarding social standards and workers rights/wages . 
  this is a false solution because if almost no one has any money left to buy your stuff , it does n't matter that you 're cheap , you 'll still go out of buisness . 
  si benjen = dario among them ? 
  and ramsay as azor ahai ? 
  but that 's supposed to keep the northeners out ... 
   a common currency for countries so massively different in capability as germany/france/netherlands and greece/portugal/spain , simply can not work . 
  unless redistribution methods are in place to balance things out . 
  kind of like how new york bales out florida on a regular basis . 
  no wonder they had a budget deficit :p, 
  the point is that everyone is trying to loose whilst saving face . 
  the person who fails at this has to host the thing next year . 
  at one point ireland won 2 years in a row before someone pointed this out to the higher ups  . 
   you have militants occupying government buildings and the people defend them . 
  like the ones who storemd a opera whilst mistaking it for the town hall , if the people were really as motivated as all that you 'd think they could at least give directions ... http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/protesters-storm-kharkiv-theater-thinking-it-was-city-hall/497709.html, 
  the fact is that everyone bar none was gunning for a war in 1914 . 
  the killing of arch-duke ferdinand was just throwing a match in a briming powder keg . 
  in such a circumstance , short of $ deity getting all the leaders in a room and banging their heads together to knock some sense in , not much could be done . 
  you need more than 6 months to diffuse such a situation . 
  all of them , while they 're in office . 
  i do n't really call it a choice when the only real difference is the amount and type of paperwork required . 
  technically , yes there was a choice , but in practice both options led to the same situation , ie crimea as an annexed part of russia . 
  effectivly there was n't a no option , since in the case of rolling back the consitution , the adopted version would give crimea the right to break away from ukraine on the initiative of the head of state . 
  a few days before , the head of state appointed by the russians stated that if such an option was choosen , he would break away from ukraine and apply to join russia . 
  so there really was n't a no option . 
  option b was , to be very precise : rollback the constitution to a version voted in 1992 where crimea was declared independent . 
  the logical result is crimea leaving ukraine 's sphere of influence , and joining russia 's since the parlement has already been turned by several votes held at gunpoint . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'd prefer it if it was the onion . 
  unfortunatly , i do n't speak any of the languages used , so here 's my source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum,_2014#choices also , regarding the constitution of cirmea , the choice is ambiguous , since there were sevral consitutions voted in 1992 , one of which declared crimea independant . 
  finally note that they referenced the 1992 text and not the 1999 one that was in effect prior to all this . 
  you still have n't adressed the effect of armed pro-russian militias on the neutrality of the whle affair or the fact that the whole thing was rushed in 14 days . 
  fact is that there was nothing democratic about this , as 97 % positive vote should already have told you . 
  you ca n't call what happened a referendum . 
  the choices were : - a ) yes we want to join russia - b ) no we do n't want to remain in ukraine there were pro russian militias running arround with guns during the whole thing ( wether they were russian military is academic here , even though they probably were ) . 
  the whole thing was pushed through in under 15 days . 
  to compare , the scottish independance referendum has an 18 month run up to make sure that everyone has their say . 
  history tells us that angry letters do n't change jack . 
  they are generally viewed by the aggressor as a free pass so what ever it likes . 
  the comparison with the 1930s is warranted here . 
  poland was n't invaded out of the blue . 
  and every step of the way western leaders just turned a blind eye , and were celebrated for it because they avoided war . 
  i really really hope it does n't come to that , because we still have n't fully got over the last world war , and the last thing we all need is more hate and bloodshed , but the parallels are clear . 
   the question of uk 's membership is not going to go away without a referendum . 
  will it go away with a referendum ? 
  if the uk votes to stay in europe , will the no camp accept this , or will the uk be back to square one 10 years later ( keep in mind that the issue has already been put to the vote once already ) ? 
  conversly , if the no camp wins , will the out be definitive ? 
  i feel the biggest joke in all of this , is that a referendum wo n't actually determine jack in the long run , despite what everyone 's saying . 
  not in the past few years as far as i can tell . 
  the spark was the law that allowed homosexual couples to marry in the same sense that streight couples can ( with all that entails in terms of co-guardienship of children ) . 
  up until then , the only equivalent was the ` pacs ' which was voted at the end of the 90s . 
  the problem with the pacs is that it was so watered down to please the catholic lobbies that it became little more than a tax sharing agreement . 
  gender theory is a buzz word that 's supposed to regroup under the same term a whole spectrum of ideas to allow sweeping generalisations . 
  it regroups : * gay rights * womens rights * sex education * admiting that gender stereotypes have social aspects * ... 
  this allows people to support segregation based on sexuality whilst not having to explicitly endorse the homophobe tag ( heaven forbid , quite literally in this case , that we call a spade a spade ) . 
  it also allows sweeping generalisations like the one stated in the article . 
  the thought process probably went : kindergarden teachers are n't obliged to behave like homosexuality does n't exist -  they teach gender theory -  they teach masturbation . 
   739,165,030 / 3000 = 2463883 2463883 * 19 = 46813777 46813777 = `` need more than a few hundred . '', 
  ftfy , you need 19 jihadis per attack to get the requisite number of casualties . 
  so yes , definitely more than a few hundred . 
   if france were to give too much support ( and by extension , power ) to its regions , it would go full spanish in less than 30 years . 
  this is really just blowback from the smothering regional cultures have suffered over the past century and a half . 
  it 's so widespread you hardly notice it anymore . 
  just try to find a series on tv where a main character does n't have a standard parisian accent ( this goes double for dubbed foreign stuff , christopher eccleston without his northern accent is quite pathetic ) . 
  frankly , i 've found that europe is more resistant than national governments are . 
  so basically , do n't be an arse and you should be ok ? 
  cool :d never could get up on sundays anyway , 
  thanks for reposting the link , since i 've been all over the flash map and have n't found the link you 've posted . 
  thanks for the link . 
  the use of rank rather than any of the ( albite subjective ) values attributed to each country does kind of reinforce the lack of value of the resulting graphic though . 
  a graphic of the mean percentile of each country , or even better , separate graphics for each component , would have given a whole lot more data to work with . 
  i visited the link , it stipulated explicitly that there was no source for the information used , and no units . 
  this is like saying that your amp is cool because it goes to 11 .
