i must have . 
  yeah , he had to juggle the political demands of churchill , de gaulle and roosevelt with the military situation , stalin and the egos of generals like patton and montgomery . 
  zachary taylor and john tyler were different people . 
  hoover is regarded as one of the worst , although his response to the depression was virtually identical to the new deal , he got all the criticism from it starting during his term and he is rightly reviled for ordering the us army to remove the peaceful bonus marchers ( world war one veterans who were promised enlistment bonuses for joining up and wanted the government to pay then instead of later ) . 
  taylor died very quickly into his term and so did n't really have an impact . 
  grant was a very good president -- his pro-civil rights legislation would n't be equalled until eisenhower -- but many of his advisors and cabinet members were corrupt and used his administration to enrich themselves . 
  his political history is a lot of love , closeness and donations for . 
  [ bill and hillary clinton ] ( https://youtu.be/n5a02pncghs ), 
  the aca is a massive failure . 
  yes , more people are technically insured -- because it penalizes non-compliance -- but it has neither produced affordable insurance nor reduced the costs of care . 
  america rn, 
  like i said , it pays off the bonds used to build the project . 
  when a state or city sells bonds , what they 're doing is borrowing money . 
  in exchange for ready cash , the government devotes a portion of future revenues to paying back the principal , plus interest . 
  they take decades to pay off , have low interest rates and are generally considered one of the safest investments out there . 
  in some cases , the project will be paid off but the tolls will remain , either because they figure no one will notice or to provide some maintaince money . 
  leader of the [ white walkers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_walker ) in * game of thrones *, 
  trump is the night 's king . 
  a lot of us public roads , built 100 percent by the taxpayer , are tolled , especially bridges . 
  it was regarded as a way of paying off the bonds the state sold to build the project without having to raise taxes , especially during the great depression . 
  you brought our civilization into this world and you can it out of it , eh ? 
  trump changes his policies and promises with every single tweet . 
  the idea that he can be relied upon for anything other than racism and sexism is laughable . 
  i thought you meant [ augustus sol invictus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/augustus_sol_invictus ), 
  he 's run his entire campaign on a platform of ultra-nationalism and white supremacy . 
  of course the kkk endorsed him . 
  he campaigned on their issues !, 
  you know who she was criticizing with those remarks ? 
  trump 's supporters who make the le pens look like liberal internationalists . 
  i live in boston and earlier this year two white trump supporters viciously attacked a homeless man because they thought he was an illegal immigrant . 
  and trump never disavowed it . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2016/05/16/brothers-plead-guilty-beating-homeless-immigrant/jpbvoo23yr2sntgkwtq6ki/story.html ) . 
  this is only the beginning . 
  you do n't have as much as a drive to suppress voter turnout among minority populations ( or an automobile fetish served by making people drive to everything ) . 
  i bet your parliaments are n't even heavily gerrymandered . 
  my personal experience is that i lost all interest in soda when i turned 21 and could buy alcohol . 
  although , drinking soda when i was younger did ruin my palette for the bitter and sharp taste of beer , wine and liquor . 
  it 's working for france , italy and japan, 
  no , there is a difference . 
  lots of sugary drinks have caffeine , but caffeine and sugar affect the body in different ways . 
  sugar bans are usually about obesity concerns and energy drink bans are about things like cardiac arhythmia and what not . 
  personally , i never got why energy drinks were so popular considering they taste like shit . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  in the us when schools have tried to ban kids from having candy in school a whole `` cigarette economy '' develops pretty quickly . 
  reminds me of the forty theives from the royal navy in the early 19th century . 
  is it [ rolling coal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rolling_coal ) ? 
  do the greeks get to hold a refferendum of their own on the istanbul and izmir areas ? 
  wales could be upgraded to a kingdom . 
  every so often the manager , belgium , has to have an argument with poland , the janitor/handyman , about how the condom machines in the men 's room broke , like , six years ago and he still has n't fixed them . 
  where 's the prince of sealand ? 
  did you miss the part where the greek government cooked their books to make it look like their economy was doing better than it was and was therefore strong enough to join the euro ? 
  got to annex the sudetenland . 
  huh ? 
  what ? 
  laws applied equally to everyone ? 
  maybe mexico is european . 
  you could mix things up and do chili peppers . 
  how old is that tradition ? 
  a few hundred years ago cinnamon was really valuable . 
  darn it , boris . 
   tasted like metal you 're supposed to unwrap them first . 
  i know it 's not environmentally friendly for everything to be packaged individually , but it 's convenient for chocolate . 
  looks more game of thrones, 
  who said anything about moving ? 
  you just attract people to either go to greece to buy cigarettes and alcohol , like the great british booze cruise , or the stuff is bought online through greek businesses . 
  while the tax rate is lower , more revenue is generated because people from outside greece buy more than the greeks and buy more in general to take advantage of lower rates . 
  mind you they could take advantage of the situation and have low taxes on liquor and cigarettes and be the new hampshire of europe . 
  are you sure you do n't want a western-backed color revolution ? 
  in moldova they got free iphones . 
  it was renamed after [ mikhail kalinin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_kalinin ), 
  i like how the romanian looks like english `` cut it '' . 
  very apt for a knife . 
  salic law was invented in the 14th century to keep the english from ruling france . 
  genealogically speaking they 're the house of lorraine ( lotharingen being the germanization ) , but maria theresa married francis of lorraine , uniting the dynasties . 
  the pragmatic sanction and the treaty of aix-la-chappelle that ended the war of austrian succession makes them real habsburgs . 
  still more accurate and less offensive than the american right wing 's map of the world . 
  are they still based on the pcc design ? 
  here in america we have to get replacement parts from a museum or have them custom-made . 
  how can you tell they 're slavs ? 
  where are the adidas track suits ? 
  they could easily be berbers or turks . 
  it 's only been some 400 years . 
  it 's only been some 400 years . 
  who has n't committed genocide in eastern europe ? 
  how many involved ken livingston ? 
  no rfid cards ? 
  only in germany ? 
  a guy in new york has been doing that for [ 35 years ] ( http://news.nationalpost.com/news/world/the-subway-driver-who-never-was-new-yorks-serial-transit-impostor-arrested-for-the-30th-time ) . 
  but it does n't have the publicity . 
  because amsterdam does n't have legal brothels . 
  how about this ? 
  germany forgives greece 's debt is greece takes back constaninople . 
  i once came across an ad from the 1980s that read `` travel romania by rental car ! '', 
  in big friendly letters above a picture of a man driving a horse-drawn hay cart . 
  with all that fiber i 'm surprised you do n't have more indoor plumbing . 
  catholics should bury him . 
  it 's a corporal work of mercy , after all . 
  you 'd think the finns would be looking at diversifying their economy , not looking for a new nokia . 
  tbg , corruption sound preferable to [ sheer inertia ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/national/2014/03/22/sinkhole-of-bureaucracy/ ) . 
  yeah , was n't world war one started when archie duke 's ostrich was shot ?
