  which one owns trader joe 's ? 
  they have my allegience . 
  and whatever was in the paris zoo, 
  no , that was sardinia, 
  you just need the right austrian , such as a habsburg . 
  does skoda still make guns ? 
  a charity for disabled , gay jews i hope, 
  does anyone call cluj-napoca klausenburg ? 
  i would have thought all the germans in romania would have been expelled or romanianized by now . 
  i mean , you do n't hear anyone call bratislava pressburg or lvov lemberg or kaliningrad koenigsberg much anymore . 
  there 's always snow in [ ecuador ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chimborazo ), 
  never been cross-country skiing ? 
  well , the rurikid princes of kiev included vladimir , yaroslav and boris , so i think it 's fair to say that there was a lot of intermarriage . 
   how come hellas started to be called as greece ? 
  all the olive oil . 
  i thought that ellada came from hellas and meant something like `` land of light '' , being equivalent to arya mehr ( light of the noble people ) , an ancient name for iran -- or did i mix up helen and hellen again ? 
  that makes even less sense !, 
  this is awful . 
  i do n't know of any latin that would allow a derivation for `` finland '' , much less `` land of men '' . 
  `` land '' is a germanic word and `` men '' in latin would be hominis or viri . 
  a combination of german and latin could yield `` horizon-land '' . 
  similarly , norway does not mean `` northern way '' but `` north-land '' . 
  the `` way '' element is from the germanic weg , meaning place or land ( related to the dutch wijk and the english wick and wich and probably sharing an origin with the latin vicus ) , as in the scottish region of galloway and the irish galway ( both meaning `` place , land or city of the gaels ) . 
  what country is the green on great britain referring to ? 
  the proposed etymology seems to refer to england , however , again , england is of germanic origin , referring to the angles , who came from angeln in schwelswig-holstein and which may have meant `` narrow '' . 
  the vatican is usually regarded as deriving from the latin vates , meaning prophecy or prophet , so the english would be `` city on the hill of prophecy/city on the hill of the prophet . '', 
  the us has lots of subsidies for college tuition , but they arguably make the problem worse because a ) it shows the universities that they can charge whatever they want and uncle sam will pick up the bill and , b , in the case of public universities it shows state governments that they do n't have to fund the universities at all because they can charge whatever they want and uncle sam will pick up the bill . 
  heck , in a lot of places it 's not even the tuition , per se , that gets people , but the room and board ( much more expensive than renting on the open market and cooking your own food , even in high rent cities ) and `` student activity fees '' . 
  to be fair , just because he 's incompetent and untrustworthy does n't mean boris johnson wo n't make a comeback . 
  normally we do statues , but icons have become very popular over the last decade or so . 
  i think it 's partially because we 're rediscovering pre-70s church art and partially because younger catholics find it easier to have icons than statues . 
  even old new york used to be new amsterdam . 
  love the new england one -- you even got my hometown in vermont despite how small it is . 
  also , it 's no surprise that you see similarities between maine and scotland . 
  millions of years ago , the appalachians , little atlas and scottish highlands were part of one mountain range that split apart over time as the continents seperated . 
  or they were both designed by slartibartfast . 
  gon na be photoshopping nikolai yezhov out of photos with stalin next . 
  is the water sweet ? 
  [ do n't worry about it . 
  english is weird ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/the_chaos ), 
  you 're not wrong . 
  there 's the [ sovereign military order of malta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_military_order_of_malta ) . 
  the grand master is a prince and the position is elected . 
  i think you might mean `` notable '' . 
  notorious means that they have a bad repuation or are known for doing bad things . 
  it 's a country with one traffic light , i do n't think the military is very important . 
  their entire army is probably 10 people : seven guys from the local pub , armed with kitchen utensils , two professional soldiers who will be on vacation when the war starts and a small dog called colin , who is technically the only officer . 
  it must be weird to not only have two heads of state , but one of them is elected by the people of another country and the other is appointed by another of head of state , elected by 120 old men from around the world . 
  or leichtenstein ? 
  i know they trace their indepence to charlemagne , they speak a variety of catalan , lots of international corporations and mountains and in the 1930s a russian adventurer called boris attempted a one man coup d'etat ( he was repulsed ) . 
  no chapel veils for the orthodox ? 
  a lot of them were apparently cut off during the reformation/counter-reformation when the church and the reformers wanted to clamp down on lose sexual mores . 
  prostitution , gambling , art that depicted greco-roman deities and whatnot were all made illegal or saw more enforcement througfhout europe . 
  i 'll stick with a confessional , thanks, 
  i did n't realize orange soda was so popular . 
  you need to combine stv with some kind of proportional representation . 
  in germany ( and israel ) you vote for a party as opposed to each constituency having it 's own election . 
  in ireland and a few other places there are multi-seat constituencies to ensure minority party representation . 
  the congressional elections are only half the problem in the us , since we have a presidential system and congress has essentially abdicated much of its power and responsibilities to the president . 
  the presidency is like the golden snitch in harry potter -- an event that makes 80 percent of the rest of american political activity useless . 
  what happened to all the italian-speakers in the tyrol ? 
  we used to have a culture , but jean-luc godard stole it for * a bout de souffle * . 
  all we have left are cheeseburgers and jingoism . 
  the greek speaking citizens of greece are n't actually greek , which is the real issue . 
  presumably austrians do n't mistake their own country for australia . 
  it 's been that way for quite a while , too , from what i gather . 
  i 've never gotten why it 's so common . 
  i mean , one 's a small country in central europe , the other is its own continent in the pacific . 
  one has the alps , one has ayer 's rock . 
  one has * the sound of music * , one has * mad max * . 
  i do n't get where the confusion comes in . 
  you call that a death penalty ? 
  the us seems to execute 600 people a week . 
  some of them may even have been guilty . 
  do n't worry . 
  some of us remember vendee . 
  or the middle classes taking over a tennis court, 
  i think you 're conflating american policy before world war two with american policy developed during the cold war . 
  before world war two american policy and sentiment was based on the idea of being neutral in any conflict between the powers and in turn objecting to the expansion of european influence in the americas . 
  as a result the us dispatched its armed forces to central america and the carribean to run what smedley butler compared to a mafia rackett , but secretly shipped surplus weapons to benito juarez to drive the french out of mexico and threatened war with germany if they attempted to seize venezeulan territory for debts . 
  even during world war one , it took a massive and morally questionable propaganda campaign to get support for entering the war . 
  german-americans and irish-americans had strong ethnic identities and were major voting blocs . 
  the germans naturally objected to going to war with germany and the irish hated the idea of fighting on the side of the british . 
  in the run up to world war two the us had retreated back into the idea of being separated from world affairs by the oceans . 
  plus the problems of the depression naturally resulted in people focusing on getting america in order before worrying about other countries . 
  the roosevelt administration was officially neutral , but quite publically supported the british and french with programs like lend-lease . 
  they were almost certainly looking for a pretext ( there 's a conspiracy theory that washington knew about the attack on pearl harbor beforehand , but did nothing so as to convince congress that the nation needed to defend itself ) . 
  three things happen to change america 's default stance : 1 ) pearl harbor showed us that world could cross oceans now . 
  2 ) the extent of the holocaust , combined with the sense that a more generous approach to reparations and economic aid or pressure might have kept the nazis out of power or at least rendered them impotent . 
  3 ) the realization that if we did n't stay involved in europe and asia to defend democracy , the communists might have taken over . 
  when the soviets got the bomb , it sealed the deal . 
  now you 're stuck with us , 
  yeah , european countries only ruled , like , a quarter of the earth 's landmass . 
  they could have done so much more . 
  unfortunately , in september of 1939 russia was a little too close for poland 's comfort . 
  oh of course . 
  and constanta is the original rome and the danube the real tiber , before caesar augustus moved it all to italy . 
  i love that the guy did it because he supports a theory that civilization began in romania , but the inscription beneath the image is in latin . 
  well , there are nuns , who also have vows of celibacy , and the swiss guards , who are unmarried . 
  non-religious american conservatives say that the state has a responsibility to encourage people to form heterosexual relationships and reproduce , both to ensure that the national culture remains alive and because a conventional family forms people for life in a liberal democratic society .
