  austrians can be made german overnight with an assassination and a few tanks . 
  convicts for beer !, 
  restore the habsburgs !, 
  i 'm sure louis-alphonse is a great guy , personally , but the legitimists scare me . 
  i 'm a fairly traditional catholic , but * action francaise * was more or less pro-hitler . 
  louis-alphonse is a grandson of franco . 
  i hear philip ii laughing . 
  i hope they 're going through all the data very carefully . 
  even economists make math errors . 
  to be fair , net neutrality is a horribly idiotic policy , since the person who barely uses the internet gets charged the same as the person who torrents all day , so it incentivizes each person the maximize their usage . 
  it 's like road congestion -- there 's no direct cost to the user for driving while there is for public transit , so everyone maximizes their automobile usage and does n't get anywhere . 
  americans do it . 
  so we 're back to bailing out banks again ? 
  i thought the whole point of the last several years of elections and analyses was to not do that . 
  but why not a have i got news for you brexit special ? 
  also east-west . 
  basically the northeastern states are so densely populated that it 's rare for there to be meth around here . 
  too difficult to hide the labs . 
  but the jobs and higher living standards are in london . 
  it 's the same thingh in the united states . 
  i live in boston , where housing is expensive , but there are jobs . 
  if i stayed in my hometown in vermont , housing would be cheap but there would n't be any jobs . 
  there also was n't really anything to do in vermont if you were n't into heroin . 
  game of thrones writers will be available soon . 
  why snoop dog ? 
  is he going to be prime minister ? 
  we had a korean girl stay with us once who put tuna fish on oreos . 
  again ? 
  now that britain is out of the eu , britons can rejoice that their multinational pharma companies will illegally use them to test drugs . 
  no british citizen will have to suffer the indignity of being passed over for experimentation in favor of a foreigner . 
  under the soviet union there was a genre of films set in the russian far-east that played with similar tropes -- a lone bolshevik hero riding into town to bring socialism and workers ' liberation and fight a gang of vicious reactionary kulaks instead of a lone cowboy or bounty hunter bringing law and order to a town and fighting outlaws . 
  they were called easterns . 
  bostonian here : it 's not just europe that 's given chechens refugee status . 
  at this rate the queen will be the only person left who has n't resigned and is still popular . 
  but i think the big question is why is hignfy on its summer break !, 
  pay them anything , this is golden material !, 
  he 'll be old enough to play boris in 15 years . 
  they are temporary , but from my experience reporting on the industry the main lack of security is that it 's very cyclical . 
  when there 's a lot of building going on , there are plenty of jobs to keep people bust through the cycle . 
  where i am it 's also somewhat seasonal , though that 's mitigated by proper staging . 
  what good would a grant for home construction for migrants do ? 
  not only does the uk not have enough housing for people born there , but the chief problem is that the local authorities wo n't allow any new construction . 
  ( they also have another problem , which apparently few people know about , which is that no one in britain wants a construction job , so the number of builders is declining steadily . ), 
  jrr tolkein based mordor and its approaches off of his experiences at the somme and you can really see why , especially in the last picture . 
  not really . 
  i just think i 'm very witty . 
  could scotland stay in the eu and the uk ? 
  no it does n't , it means making non-white people second class citizens and throwing away any possible economic gains for everyone in order to favor people born in the late 1940s . 
  coincidentally , i like to tell people ( at the stage of a dinner party where i 'm drunk enough to think i 'm witty ) that the problem with the european union is that it 's neither holy , nor roman , nor an empire . 
  i pity you , summer child, 
  i think stephen fry was correct when he suggested that germans want to sound campy . 
  the real issue with nato is that the united states provides most of people and equipment . 
  the big issue with a single army , for either europe or nato , is language . 
  i doubt anyone wants to see english become the de facto official language of europe , especially if britain leaves . 
  going to have to revive latin . 
  is that why they were adopted ? 
  is tv more diverse , politically ? 
  in terms of news , yes , but i think entertainment is still largely a function of hollywood and nyc . 
  i sometimes wonder if hollywood people are only so liberal because they 're guilty about an industry that bases itself on stereotypes and appeals to the least common denominator , which results in most movies having white male leads . 
   the school states that they do n't believe education and religion can go together tell that to the catholics . 
   they all get treated equally . 
  that 's hardly the issue . 
  one can hardly blame the kid for phrasing it wrong , but the issue is clearly one of the free exercise of religion . 
  if a government institutes censorship it hardly matters if everyone is censored equally , your freedom of speech is still being curtailed . 
  and it is discriminatory , since salah has certain prescribed actions in a way christian or jewish prayer does n't . 
  catholic students could pray the noon angelus without anyone noticing , but muslim students would not be able to do so . 
  put the refugees to work !, 
  they can accept lowe pay and terrible working conditions or it 's back to syria . 
  you can play margaret thatcher speeches from loudspeakers to motivate them . 
  a valvort in every home !, 
   edit : not sure if camera is valid english in this context . 
  not really , but i figured you meant `` chamber '' as in bicameralism and not the device for taking photographs . 
  people in venezuela are going through garbage for food and the country ca n't actually pay to have its currency printed but they can still give money to foreign political parties ? 
  are n't they always mad ? 
  i think labour is a lot more pro-europe than the tories . 
  around 50 percent of the british people ? 
  what are you going to do -- have an election every six months ? 
  states have lost a lot of power over the years , but the civil war had less to do with it than railroads and the new deal . 
  the railroads created a more national economy , requiring national regulation in the view of the people in charge and the new deal created national services and welfare systems . 
  both involved lots of buraeucracy and , therefore , standardization . 
  recently the big thing has been the feds subsidizing states and requiring compliance with federal initiatives to preserve the funding . 
  that 's why the drinking age is 21 in every state . 
  i like the idea of elephants released into the wild in europe and becoming an invasive species with an out-of-control population . 
  in what parliamentary system can you vote for a representartive without living in that constituency ? 
  if you want juan smith from eesti to be pm of europe , but you live in eire , then you 'd have to vote for haakon hernandez , the local candidate of the juan smith from eesti for pm party . 
  or i guess the germans and israelis have a closed list stystem where you vote for a party . 
  the us * has * a lot of different identities . 
  there are state identities , regional identities , religious ones , ethnic ones , racial ones . 
  in many states there are identities based on regions within a state and in some there are identities based on which state university one went to and thus supports in collegiate sports . 
  so the [ confederation of the rhine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation_of_the_rhine ) ? 
  my mistake . 
  it was eight years ago and i was n't paying attention at the time . 
  it still seems to have needlessly antagonized the russians , regartdless of which order the recognitions came in . 
  but we [ installed ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/11/politics/nato-missile-defense-romania-poland/ ) it !, 
  it 's a shame hitler did n't really say `` after all , who remembers the armenians ? '', 
  i 'm surprised poland is under 50 percent . 
  it 's usually regarded as one of the more reliably pro-american countries in europe . 
  and then we recognized kosovo as independent because of russia 's recognition of south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  low corruption ? 
  good institutions ?
