  one country 's right-wing death squad is another country 's regional stabilization . 
  i know . 
  it 's easy to go 364 days a year without even thinking about it . 
  please be kind to our village idiot . 
  and if you put marmite on it it becomes a biological weapon restricted by most major arms treaties/human rights organizations . 
  are you sure you 're american ? 
  now those dashcam videos of crashes in russia will include 150 ft plunges from that highway !, 
  japan does it all the fucking time with their war crimes . 
  it 's usually on the backburner because of china and north korea , but it 's there , simmering . 
  i wonder how that compares to the punishment for smuggling heroin . 
  states have less power than they should , but more than under a unitary system . 
  delaware , for example , has very easy incorporation laws and comparatively low corporate taxation , so most american businesses are registered there . 
  some states have no tobacco taxes , some have no minimum wage laws and some have very high tobacco taxes and minimum wages . 
  states also have diverging laws on guns , abortion and alcohol . 
  never know when those tricky iranians will tunnel under azerbaijan , armenia , turkey , the black sea and ukraine to pop up in krakow . 
  because obviously the point of european unity is to have a centralized , unitary state run from brussels where no one gets a say in how their country is run . 
  they did . 
  ever hear of latin america ? 
  because they can always just buy more clothes when they run out of underwear ? 
  to be fair , russia is a large country with a lot of russian speakers while each of the nordic countries except for sweden has a population smaller than new york city . 
  they do n't seem to get the point . 
  til / r/polandball is a surprisingly accurate way to learn about other cultures . 
  they have an understanding with switzerland . 
  i 'm disappointed that the coffee-tea divide does n't follow the frontier of the roman empire , the butter-olive oil divide , wine-beer divide and catholic-reformed divide . 
  turkey 's application to the eu should be cancelled until democracy is restored and it should be expelled from nato . 
  if putin wants constaninople he can have it . 
  well , if you believe in the free market you can get rid of the fucking tarrifs . 
  the whole idea of * laissez-faire * was effectively formulated by a guy from manchester called richard cobden and the whole fucking point was to get rid of the corn laws , which were tarrifs on imported food imposed by the government to benefit landlords . 
  the idea that the british government 's response to the famine was in any way laissez-faire is leftist propaganda . 
  only on march 17 . 
  our problem is two-fold : 1 ) the federal railway administration has absurd regulations about the design of vehicles and how much can be imported ( for example , when the northeast corridor was upgraded to `` high speed rail '' amtrak was just going to buy some trains originally designed for tgv , but the fra said no and required them to buy trains that were much heavier than used elsewhere for `` safety '' reasons , causing delays and overruns ) . 
  2 ) i do n't know about the rest of the world , but american politicians just are n't interested in long-term maintenance ( and tend not to be interested in funding transit at all ) , so vehicles are routinely used far beyond their anticipated lives . 
  where i am in boston we have one line with vehicles built in the 1940s ; another has some cars built in 1969 . 
  it actually contributes to why we build terrible trains -- we just do n't do it often enough to get good at . 
  we buy lots of rail vehicles from siemens , ansaldo breda , abb , alstom and caf, 
  that 's good to know -- in boston we sometimes have problems with ice on the overhead wires . 
  i wonder if the ground power supply would be more resilient in the cold . 
  yeah , i was able to find a decent overview on [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ground-level_power_supply ) . 
  i 've always been curious about how that works . 
  what happens when you walk over the tracks ? 
  why ca n't america have nice trams ? 
  do they get those built new or is it like a museum line ? 
  that 's what the eu is missing . 
  a holy roman emperor . 
  is it time to invest in eastern poland again ? 
  the monarch is the supreme governor of the church of england , but like 95 percent of the monarch 's powers it 's exercised through the prime minister and the church of england has its own administration . 
  they give the lords some respectability among the ex-old labour peers , the donors to new labour and the tories and the writers of popular musicals . 
  it 's not like the lords actually do anything -- and i wonder if the percentage of cofe clergy who believe in god is higher or lower than the general population . 
  i 'm surprised it 's 70 percent in ireland . 
  one sees so many articles about the irish becoming secular -- but they 're not much different from poland , which is very religious . 
  or is that the irish are just leaving organized religion ? 
  the swiss invaded a few years ago when they got lost . 
  sure are a lot of italian speakers in italy . 
  edit : when i was 12 a teacher told me that in order to be understood in italian all one had to do was add `` o '' to the end of nouns . 
  fortunately , he was a shop teacher and not a language teacher . 
  they take elves really seriously , despite being just as materialistic as the rest of europe . 
  they have a penis museum . 
  the althing was arguably the world 's first parliament . 
  people do n't have surnames , they have patronymics . 
  uh , airbnb does n't own shit . 
  the people who already own the apartments own the apartments . 
  so locals are getting paid crazy money . 
  i do n't think the united states ever recognized the soviet union 's annexation of lithuania , estonia or latvia . 
  it 's nice to see bipartisanship on display . 
  what did france ever do to russia during world war one ? 
  it was the german general staff that sent lenin back to russia via a special train -- over the objections of the kaiser , the austro-hungarian empreror and his wife and most of the politicians and diplomatic corps . 
  or are you saying that angela merkel 's secret identity is erich ludendorff ? 
  it 's not like europe was n't significantly more religious within fucking living memory . 
  there was a major christian literary revival in england from about 1900 to 1950 -- gk chesterton , robert hugh benson , hilaire belloc , maurice baring , ronald knox , jrr tolkein , cs lewis , evelyn waugh , graham greene , john betjemen , vincent mcnabb , dorothy l sayers , charles williams and then , as to one untimely , malcolm muggeridge . 
  the french built sainte-chapelle in it 's the dominance of atheism that is unusual historically . 
  did n't the catholic church runs schools in ireland until the 1980s ? 
  i did n't watch the inauguration , so i 'm curious as to what you mean . 
  church and state are very separate in the united states . 
  what we do n't have is a tradition of * laicite * or anti-clericalism , so religion is more in the open . 
  even in more secular states it 's common to have religious figures deliver an `` invocation '' at the beginning of events . 
  i mean , in france the state owns and is responsible for church buildings . 
  in the us funding churches that way would be unheard of . 
  i sort of wish we did , because then maybe politicans who support abortion and same-sex marriage would stop trying to also pass themselves off as faithful catholics . 
  make france [ great britain again ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angevin_empire ), 
  in this case it depend on how racist ( or low effort ) asking `` how many more until they rename it swedistan ? '', 
  latin, 
  it 's a ferrari badged country . 
  the st john paul ii cathedral is amazing, 
  are the medieval parts of italian cities ever not beautiful ? 
  at least in photographs -- i imagine plenty of them stink to high heaven in the summer . 
  he 'd fit in well with new labour , having reused a neil kinnock speech back in ' 88 . 
  i just realized something . 
  the kurds are fighting isis in iraq and the turks in turkey . 
  isis is fighting the kurds in iraq and the turks in syria and turkey . 
  turkey is fighting the kurds and isis in turkey and isis in syria . 
  y u no make sense , middle eastern politics ? 
  if russia is mordor does that make lithuania gondor and poland rohan ? 
  i suspect building social housing wo n't actually drive down rents , just further reduce the impetus to allow `` missing middle '' market rate housing to be built . 
  although it would depend -- is eligibility for social housing based on income ? 
  i love pictures of barcelona , but i wonder about the interior space of those blocks . 
  what are they used for ? 
  is too much space underutilized or do people find that it 's a good balance ? 
  i like how the dutch stereotype of the germans is `` muh bikes '' when cycling advocates in the us go to to the netherlands just to experience biking there . 
  does amazon prime have a fleet of white vaporettos somewhere in the lagoon ? 
  are there `` bike couriers '' on jet-skis ?
