  which one does more damage ? 
  and before you say that these weapons germany sells do n't fall into terrorist hands , i suggest you inform yourself a little better about it before posting utter bullshit again . 
  this is just plain propaganda to make germoney the sole european weapon exporter . 
  why is this getting downvoted ? 
  either the russian hybrid war is getting to some people or we have some dedicated putinbots on the watch . 
  happy independence day , ukraine . 
  edi , if things like this continue , maybe you 'll get isolated alongside russia , too . 
  so i suggest you cut down the rhetoric against your allies and partners because i doubt you want to be in russia 's camp . 
  interesting . 
  i thought romania would be higher . 
  the same thread was created yesterday . 
  besides , whining about people not posting in your thread is pretty cringy . 
  i agree , but your political elite will never allow it because they know that you 'll lose a lot more than we do . 
  your only chance is to manage to get a referendum and give it to the general population , that way it will pass since they have no idea about the consecquences of it give me an eastern european union before the eu any day and i 'll take it . 
  unfortunately , none of this will happen soon , if ever . 
  oh you 're not very informed on this subject at all . 
  first of all , as a turk , i doubt you have any right to talk about immigration . 
  you or your parents were immigrants , so are you saying that your parents , or you yourself , should go back to the country that you were originally from ? 
  if so , be my guest . 
  second , i 'm not an immigrant , nor do i have any plans on leaving my country , so your point is moot . 
  third , if you think the eu is some kind of charity towards my , or any other eastern european country , then you 're so , so mistaken . 
  if i tell you that western countries gain a lot more than we do from the eu , would you believe me ? 
  my country has 1,5 billion net gain from the eu , in return for cheap labour , brain drain , the ability to establish their corporations here without any sort of difficulties , no tarrifs for their products . 
  everything in my country is from germany now - lidl , kaufland , ikea , all foreign . 
  we had a supermarket chain named fantastiko here . 
  you know what happened to them ? 
  every gigantic lidl shop , sponsored by german money that we ca n't possibly compete in , opens their shop right next to a fantastiko store . 
  the result ? 
  i 'm gon na leave you guessing . 
  where do you think all that capital that they win from here goes ? 
  not in my country , certainly , we get the peanuts . 
  so in short , the netherlands and the western countries gain far more than the eastern do , even if they give a couple billions to us . 
  this is a club that everyone wins , but some more than others , as i showcased . 
  the only reason i want bulgaria in the eu is because in the end we still win from it in free trade and all that , and because the eu politicians put pressure on ours to fight corruption . 
  that 's it . 
  that ddavidkov guy is a retard , but so are you . 
  well , in short - catastrophic . 
  we lost territory , large number of men , our king was deposed and we had to pay enormous reparations that we were n't able to . 
  the war is seen as the `` second national catastrophe '' . 
  there is no commemoration , only mourning . 
  very nice picture , i like it . 
  did you take it yourself ? 
  i concur with this . 
  is this so called `` economic growth '' really due to muslim immigration , or immigration in general ? 
  no , i do n't believe so . 
  there are numerous ways for growth and immigration is only driving wages down for the rest . 
  not to mention that multiculturalism just does n't work , at least not in the present day . 
  besides , japan is the safest country in the world to live in , as well as enjoying an extremely high standard of living , better than 99 % of the world . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  we need to limit immigration of outside cultures to europe to the maximum and japan is showing us the way . 
  unforunately , i 'm afraid that our leaders are just too scared to pull the plug just because of this media environment, 
  happening !, 
  hope you 're all right , bros. 
  their conflict with russia will never end . 
  `` frozen conflict '' is exactly what the name says it is , and russia is the one who invented it . 
  brazil is in deep recession . 
  they are not catching up , they are falling down . 
  this guy always gives great speeches . 
  i like him . 
  being outside the eu will be way more difficult for you to fight corruption since there wo n't be any outside pressure on you to do it . 
  the reason why romania is doing so well in fighting corruption is because the eu forced them to create the dna . 
  the eu has n't forced us yet , but things are beginning to change - they send 4 experts to investigate our prosecutor 's office efficiency , and depending on what they find and report , we may see big changes in it , without a care if our government or judiciary likes it . 
  no , considering how your referendum went , i rather prefer our government to not give such complicated political decisions to the general populace . 
  rajoy is a fucking idiot . 
  the more you push catalonia back and prevent them from having their right to vote for their independence , the more they will want it . 
  if this keeps up , sooner or later catalonia will forcefully push for independence and then they wo n't be able to stop it . 
  in this type of situation it 's almost always better to just give the people what they want and hope it 's not too late . 
  otherwise you 're just increasing their hate for you , delaying the inevitable . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  boyko has the support of 60 % of the population ... what ? 
  by last account , which was 1 week ago , he had 35 % disapproval and 30 % approval rating , with 33 % undecided . 
  stop talking nonsense , nobody is going to attack you , nor will any war with russia start over a black sea fleet . 
  the black sea is not russian , it 's ours . 
  this will bring security by showing the russians that they ca n't do everything they want . 
  but unfortunately , you believed too much of that bullshit borisov spewed out . 
  in fact , your words are very similiar to his , which is distressing . 
  no armageddon will come , no war will start , nothing . 
  no ... now it ends . 
  unfortunately , this is just plain populism - we do n't have problems with islamic terrorism . 
  it 's just throwing sand at people 's eyes just so they can distract us from the numerous reforms they promised and failed to deliver , especially the judicial one . 
  honestly , from what i understand , it seems cameron and every other politician blamed the eu in order to mask their own failures and now it came back to bite them . 
  such is life when you put politics above the welfare of your country . 
  i 'm sorry , but dobruja was ours for the bigger part of history . 
  in fact , it was ours before the russians gifted the northern part to romania . 
  good . 
  there is still a larger support for nato and the eu rather than russia , is n't there ? 
  so my initial point is correct , they are the minority . 
  also , considering that these polls cover a very small number of people , i really doubt these percentages are accurate at all . 
  i can guarantee you that 30 % of bulgaria does n't want to live the eu in favor of russia , that 's absurd . 
  the percentages are exaggerated because of the small amount of people interviewed . 
  take for example their victory day that 's celebrated here by russophiles , that 's russia 's most important holiday , correct ? 
  do you know how many people showed for it ? 
  150 ( one hundred and fifty people ) in a million and a half sofia , and considering who the organizers where , many of them probably came on a bus , if you know what i mean . 
  if the numbers are as large as you think it is , would n't there be a lot more ? 
  also , considering every pro-putin party has been in decline and some are about to drop out of parliament , i doubt there is that big of a support of russia here . 
  so do n't sweat it so much , it really ai n't as bad as you think it is in that regard . 
  mate , what i 'm trying to say is that a lot of people are supportive of russia almost everywhere in the world and we 're no different in that regard . 
  and it 's more like this : after the annexation of crimea 4 % have an even more positive opinion towards russia , 54 % retain their positive opinion and 29 % have changed their opinion to negative . 
  so i think i 'm correct in my statements that the russian support is the minority , especially after the recent events that took place after crimea . 
  now i do n't know how trustworthy alpha research bulgaria is ( hope it 's not like gallup ) , however even they put the president 's support at 25 % while the negative opinion of him is at 35 % .
