  that 's a little smaller than our pm 's , so he is n't unpopular considering most of our politicians can barely get a 20 % approval rating , let alone larger than that . 
  there are only a few who have it . 
  i bet mugs like these you can find everywhere in the world , no matter the place . 
  there will always be some deranged people that do this kind of stuff , that does n't mean anything . 
  i do n't like such cups on display , nor do i approve of them being sold , however neither i , nor anyone else i imagine , would kill or hurt a shopkepper just because they are sold , most people would just pass them without caring . 
  that 's not evidence of anything . 
  edit : also , most people here ca n't distinguish russians and russia itself , so you have a larger support than it is in actuality just because they see russians as `` brothers '' , but not the russian state or government as a whole . 
  if you 've make a poll about how supportive the people here are of putin and the russian government , i guarantee you it will be a lot smaller . 
  that 's extremely unaccurate , tbh . 
  no , the vast majority of bulgaria does n't even give a fuck about russia , let alone be supportive of them . 
  borisov has levitated between europe and putin mainly because he is scared of putin . 
  i think the 2013 protests against his first government have taken the fear out of him . 
  the other reason is that he is former commie that 's pro-eu mainly because they are the ones that give the money from which he builds his projects . 
  the president does n't have a 7 % approval rating , that 's absurd . 
  if he did , he would have been kicked out of office a long time ago . 
  ?! `` gallup '' ?!, 
  bulgaria is extremely biased in its polls and it 's showing . 
  it 's just a bulgarian ( by bulgarian i mean they stole the name from the american one for legitimacy ) organization that tries to manipulate public perception , there is no truth in their polls . 
  in truth , most of bulgaria does n't care about russia , the rest do n't really like russia and prefer the eu and you have a small part of bulgaria that likes russia ( mainly bydlos and villagers . ) . 
  then you have the internet trolls paid by russia or russian-backed bulgarian parties that flood the forums and make it appear like the people are supportive of them , but as i said , those are paid shills . 
  who is this 4chan person ? 
  no , he is n't . 
  the anti-corruption act , the judicial reform , the education reform , the interior ministry act ... all nada . 
  there is not a single thing he has done correctly . 
  is he better than bsp , lutvi , stanishev and oresharski , oh yeah , absolutely , but that bar is set prettttttty low . 
  listen here mate , i know what you mean and i absolutely agree with you , i want us to be like switzerland and ireland , to be neutral and be wealthy , but our neighbors would never allow that , especially russia . 
  they have been trying to make us a vassal for more than a century now and they wo n't stop until that happens . 
  let 's look at it this way : distancing ourselves from our allies will only lead to disaster and make us an easier target for the russians . 
  you think the russians give a fuck , if we are neutral ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  they proved it numerous times in our history , the last time was when they occupied us even though we did n't send a single soldier against them . 
  and as much as you do n't like the states , they have guaranteed our freedom without asking anything in return but our friendship . 
  and distancing ourselves from them and the rest of our allies will only lead us back to a place where we really do n't want to go back to , we 've seen it already . 
  we are in nato , how can we be neutral ? 
  do you see us surrounded by friendly nations like france , germany and italy like switzerland is ? 
  we are surrounded by turkey and russia , two nations that want to control us , so we ca n't be neutral in any way . 
  there is absolutely no other way but to cut all ties with russia . 
  this is n't war mongering or anything , it 's a simple fact . 
  the whole country is lagging behind romania becuase the romanians cut all russian influence from their country while we let russians dictate us what to do because we 're too scared to do anything . 
  we let them have their companies here pay no taxes , we let their corrupt parties and ds agents in parliament , and we let them do absolutely anything they want here just because we 're too scared to `` hurt their feelings '' . 
  oh , boo hoo , i 'm sick and tired of russia dragging us through the mud since our independence and everyone here portraying them as some kind of a brotherly nation when they are absolutely no different to us than turkey is . 
  do n't let me get started on history , we 've played nice with the russians since our independence and what did we get ? 
  they spat in our faces numerous times , and they continue to spit at us which makes some people here think it 's raining . . what are we winning with our niceness ? 
  they are rolling around us , doing whatever they like and we keep losing because people like you just ca n't get it together . 
  you want a peaceful world where we are neutral and everything ? 
  well , so do i , but our world is n't perfect in any way . 
  putin shill , please leave . 
  terrible pm . 
  kill me , ffs . 
  coming from greece that does n't mean much but i 'll take it . 
  ok , we get it , brexit is leading . 
  do we need to have 5 threads about it on the front page every single day ? 
  our pm is a fucking joke . 
  this government is nearing it 's end , i can feel it . 
  no one . 
  this should have been done long time ago . 
  well , better late than ever , i guess . 
  how ? 
  by receiving the biggest share out of the eu budget ? 
  and i cringe from people like you . 
  do n't know why you 're even using the eu flag . 
  heard the loudest thunder in my life the other day ( sofia , bulgaria ) , like an atomic bomb dropping over my head . 
  they certainly have a minus since they are still paying , however for some reason they are n't shown on the map ( probably because they are outside the eu ), 
  romania makes me sad , and when i see ireland , i 'll probably fall into a deep depression . 
  well ... sweden is very progressive . 
  then why is he opening his mouth , if he has nothing to say ? 
  the conditions are clear , there is no point in talking about it . 
  the problem is , his opinion about the sanctions will be twisted to a certain degree by russian medias , and they will make it appear that he wants the sanctions to fall , which is not helping the eu unity on this issue at all . 
  even this article 's headline is misleading, 
  apparently you 're looking at data from 2014 since that 's when our ppp was 16,000 . 
  last year , as you said , was actually 17,869 . 
  as i said , try to educate yourself a little before entering discussions you have no information on . 
  furthermore , i have absolutely no agenda here and it 's not patriotic or anything , i just know more than you about bulgaria 's economy , and you probably know more about the austrian economy than me . 
  it 's that simple . 
  newly registered and already spouting so much bullshit . 
  did they ban you or something ? 
  you 're either baiting here or extremely delusional . 
  yeah , what a `` coincidence '' . 
  that 's kind of unfair . 
  the nominal gdp per capita of bulgaria is 8,000 last year while the gdp ppp is around 20,000 . 
  the ppp of denmark is 42,000 . 
  i do n't know if you gave these false statistics on purpose or you simply did n't know , but here . 
  are you a spice merchant by any chance ? 
  yeah , i do n't see the uk exiting , but juncker certainly does n't help, 
  i really doubt 6,000 people can speak for 700 million . 
  the number is wayyyyyyy too small to conduct a useful poll . 
  what 's the general opinion of macedonians towards bulgaria ? 
  has anything changed in these past years ? 
  actually , i think that was from old vmro 's ( imro ) motto '' \u0421\u0432\u043e\u0431\u043e\u0434\u0430 \u0438\u043b\u0438 \u0441\u043c\u044a\u0440\u0442 '' which translates `` freedom or death '' . 
  yeah , from what i remember spain had lika 23 % unemployment 1 year ago . 
  this is a big improvement . 
  finally . 
  pretty excited for this if i 'm to be honest . 
  will be interesting to find out what happens to both the eu and britain . 
  how are we so far behind ? 
  we have the lowest taxes in eu , if i 'm not wrong . 
  bet it 's the judicial system and the corruption that comes from it . 
  who the fuck cares what erdogan says ? 
  the bulgarian empire was called and empire because simeon received that title from patriarch nicholas and recognized as a fellow emperor by the byzantine empire , the continuation of the roman empire , the originators of the world `` imperator '' . 
  the imperial title was alwys recognized as something rome itself can hold and no other nation and the fact that the byzantine empire recognized bulgaria as an equal was something extraordinary .
