more pictures of innocent looking children , please . 
  still called poor ;( . 
  fuck this . 
  any information about individual countries in the eu ? 
  you can ignore whatever you wish , what i said is that people who abstain from voting on such referendums are either for the status quo or do n't really care enough about it . 
  do i have any evidence to support my claim on this specific referendum ? 
  of course i do n't , but i never said i did . 
  i just said that the agreement will pass either way which is gon na happen . 
   as for eurosceptics , they have every right to use the vote in such a way - as the eu is undemocratic and gives citizens 0 chance to affect policy making . 
  well , not really . 
  this referendum is about ukraine . 
  if the dutch people want to leave the eu or want to help reform it in some way , they can make a referendum specifically about that . 
  or they can vote for an anti-eu party , there are plenty of those running around these days . 
  no , it is n't . 
  a turnout of barely 30 % means that most of the people who did n't vote are either in favour of the agreement or do n't really care enough about it . 
  then you have people who probably did n't want to vote so that the referendum wo n't pass . 
  for example - in a previous thread , a dutch poster said he did n't want to vote at all because of fear that it will help the referendum pass . 
  in such situations most people are for the status quo , especially when the outcome of the vote is already decided - the agreement will pass either way . 
  and as far as i understand , the referendum is n't even about ukraine , it 's just a way for the eurosceptics to vent their frustration about the eu . 
  the deal will pass anyway , but that 's kinda harsh to the ukrainians . 
  furthermore , considering the low turnout i really think that most dutch people are in favour of the agreement rather than against . 
  he could n't have come out of that interview looking worse even if he tried to . 
  lol , i read your post wrong . 
  you are correct . 
  thing is , you never know when a few hundred can lead to a few thousand and beyond . 
  that 's why genocide is best stopped early or else you get rwanda . 
  what an embarrassment really . 
  we have surpassed romania in corruption . . 
  i 'll give him that . 
    yeah just put wheels on them roll them into moscow . 
  easy win . 
  you do know that bigger population means more manpower ? 
    and barely any spent on military so it does n't matter . 
  most european countries do n't spend big on military because they are in nato . 
  if europe feels threatened by russia , they can easily dwarf russia 's military and industrial output . 
  that 's like trying to compare japan vs us in ww2 ... who won ? 
    not true . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  what the fuck did you just say man ? 
  are you a russian troll or something ? 
  because what you just said is complete nonsense . 
  the eu has population almost 5 times as big of russia , 4 aircraft carriers compared to 1 , gdp 17 times larger than russia and way better military equipment . 
  there is no contest . 
  wtf is this ? 
  this deal does n't help at all . 
  not to mention turkey can alter it whenever she feels like it . 
  i agree with everything vertitto said . 
  i mean , i knew man united way before i was even interested in football at all ( aside from playing ) . 
  david beckham and nistelrooy where names everyone knew . 
  the bulgarian league sucks completely , so it 's not worth watching tbh . 
  lol , amazing . 
  bulgaria is colored incorrectly , it should be in the 2 % green :(, 
   as we import significantly more from the eu than er export this is simply unrealistic ; the eu has more to lose from that decision than the uk why ? 
  you 'll be isolated from your own continent , how would that affect the eu more than the uk ? 
  that 's because iran has a bad habbit of attacking embassies . 
  i 'm 20 years old and i really ca n't remember the last time there was christmas here without any snow . 
  it 's still relatively cold , but no snow :( . 
  never heard of these bulgarian idioms . 
  maybe used by the older generation ? 
  are we going to get these types of brexit topics every goddamn day ? 
  i ca n't imagine what a clusterfuck this will be half a year from now . 
  seriously , we get it , the british are disillusioned from the eu , do we have to repeat this every day ? 
  yeah , this is getting annoying . 
  ca n't you guys just leave already ? 
  my god , every two days this guy comes with ridiculous statements . 
  ca n't he just shut up already ? 
  your country is eastern european though , correct ? 
  it 's really not . 
  things are not great , but i can hardly call them bad either . 
  our growth is improving , our unemployment is falling , our inflation is stable , the gdp per capita is also improving . 
  we have budget surplus also . 
  our industry production is increasing , as well as infrastructure . 
  you also do know that the prices in bulgaria are much lower than in the western countries ? 
  you 're also exaggerating about the media , absolutely ridiculous thing to say . 
  if our media was african levels , then you would n't see tv shows making fun of the government and the political parties 24/7 . 
  but you 've never been to africa , so it 's a pointless comparision . 
  our politicians are just that - politicians . 
  there are very few decent people who govern their countries , most heads of states are corrupt . 
  the only thing that 's not improving in bulgaria is the mindset which is practically , `` oh bulgaria is the worst country on earth , everywhere else is just roses and sunshine . 
  i want to get out of here ! '' . 
  we will never progress as a nation until people like you start seeing the world for what it is . 
  dotdotslash_bg , i 've seen your posts and you always exaggerate about everything bad in bulgaria . 
  why do n't you calm yourself ? 
  things are way better than you portray them to be . 
  fuck the anime , just give me more chapters . 
  and hunter x hunter too ... 
  being a fan of those mangas is a pain . 
  the eu has enough problems of it 's own to solve . 
  africa can deal on it 's own . 
  gerb is definitely not pro nato or eu , they just play it that way . 
  are you a canadian or bulgarian ? 
  why are you using the 90 's dollar value rather than the current one ? 
  it paints a whole different picture . 
  depressing . 
  yeah , and then people ask why eastern europe is so far behind . 
  those 45 years under communism fucked our countries so much , it 's almost irrepairable . 
  if east germany with all the money injections it 's getting from the rich west germany ca n't catch up for 26 years , i ca n't imagine when bulgaria will ever catch up to denmark , for example . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  so only germany , the uk and the us can export military equipment ? 
  oh , so we sell some ak-47 while germany sells them balistic missiles .
