  even government agencies and mainstream retailers will have signs , advertisements , and services offered in spanish . 
  other cities have even larger spanish speaking communities . 
  for example almost 60 % of the population of miami is made up of native spanish speakers . 
   humorously , neither side wants to claim them . 
  but i would argue southern for this reason . 
  missouri has some southern influences but i think it 's definitely midwestern . 
  my wife is from st. louis and i 've been there many times and it has a lot more in common with midwestern industrial rust belt cities like detroit , cleveland , and milwaukee than it does with southern cities like atlanta , nashville , or charlotte . 
  i found several lists with different languages in second place . 
  seems like it changes quite often . 
  apparently the largest non-english wikipedia is [ cebuano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wikipedias ) . 
  dutch is 5th place . 
  the different names for things is interesting . 
  a chinese girl once told me that that in chinese the great wall of china is called the `` long city '' . 
   in american movies ( idk how well of a representation this is of real life ) people even wear shoes on beds and couches . 
  wtf . 
  that 's not really a thing , even in regions where wearing shoes inside is n't taboo . 
   europe has another aproach to freedom like less censorship ( you can say fuck etc. 
  on tv ) , you can say ` fuck ' on tv in the us . 
  you only ca n't say it in content that 's broadcasted over public airwaves ( i.e. 
  channels you can watch for free using an antenna ) . 
  that 's like saying that you have to choose between having a bucket of shit or a bucket of vomit dumped on your head , and if you do n't like either choice then you 're okay with something being dumped on your head . 
  roll your eyes like the rest of us do . 
   i thought it 's a weird gimmick that existed only in american sitcoms , an ancient , missed feature that noone uses irl what you 're probably referring to is an [ answering machine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/answering_machine ) rather than voicemail , although the two are more or less conceptually the same . 
  an answering machine would hook up to your land line phone . 
  it had a cassette tape inside ( later machines had internal memory ) that would record messages from people who would call your house while you were out . 
  you would usually set the machine so it would answer the call after a certain number of rings and play a prerecorded message , after which the caller could leave a message . 
  when you wanted to listen to the messages the machine would play the tape with the messages back to you out loud like a tape player . 
  were these not common in poland at some point in the past ? 
  answering machines were common in the us during the 80s and 90s but since the proliferation of cell phones they 've all but disappeared from daily life . 
   aha , okay , i did n't even know the distinction , since these things are so unused around here . 
  answering machines were common in the us during the 80s and 90s but since the proliferation of cell phones they 've all but disappeared from daily life . 
  italy does n't place any limitations on how many generations you can go back as long as your italian ancestor lived in italy on or after 17 march 1861 , because there was no italy prior to that date . 
  consider this scenario : you are an american citizen and your great-grandfather was born in italy and immigrated to the us . 
  as long as your grandfather was born in the us before your great-grandfather naturalized as an american citizen then you would be eligible for italian citizenship . 
  europeans are a lot [ less transient ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2016/10/us-geographic-mobility/504968/ ) than americans are . 
  omg , we * love * gynecology here !, 
  in american society genealogy is mostly a hobby but in many european countries it can have real impact on people 's lives . 
  for example , one of my paternal great grandfathers was italian . 
  because of that fact it would be easier for me , a person who has never been to italy and knows no italian , to be recognized as an italian citizen than it would be for a person born and raised in italy , but to non-italian parents , to gain italian citizenship . 
   that `` sometimes '' is way , way , way too often . 
  it is , mostly because we 're used to talking to each other . 
  i never noticed that people did it until i started hearing non-americans talk about why it 's confusing and now i find it annoying as well . 
   but it 's been so goddamn long see that 's the difference i think . 
  it has n't been so long for us . 
  aside from native americans , * everyone * who lives in the united states is descended from someone who came here within the last 500 years . 
  my father 's side of the family has only been here for the last 100 years . 
  genealogy is n't about where you 're from . 
  it 's about your family history . 
   absolutely not the reason . 
  sorry , i was suggesting a reason as to why americans are more interested in family history than europeans are , not why europeans are triggered by americans talking about genealogy . 
   it 's absolutely infuriating when people say `` hey !, 
  i 'm swedish ! '', 
  i totally get that . 
  most of the time when an american says something like `` i 'm swedish '' in the context of ancestry it 's just shorthand for `` i have swedish ancestry '' . 
  no american would think that person is literally swedish . 
  sometimes we forget that non-americans interpret what we say differently than other americans do . 
  perhaps it 's because european society is much older and less mobile than american society so family history is n't as interesting to them . 
  that 's a total guess though . 
  alaska probably is n't the best example . 
  it was a russian colony and not actually part of russia . 
  there were also hardly any russians living there at the time . 
  maybe a few hundred at the most . 
  american universities are like that as well . 
  you ca n't get into one with just a high school diploma . 
   there 's a reason why us colleges afaik start by making people take a variety of courses from different fields , while here you only have subjects related to the thing you study . 
  here , general education is taken care of in schools . 
  americans receive a general education in secondary school as well . 
  the reason why university students take courses outside their specialization is because american universities are deeply rooted in the idea of providing a liberal arts education . 
  thus being a university educated person means that you should be well rounded and have a wide knowledge base from a variety of fields . 
  liberal arts universities are not nearly as common in europe but they are experiencing a resurgence . 
  these kinds of buildings always look very out of place in european cities . 
  yeah , you can buy kinder chocolate in the us but it 's not very common . 
  it 's because kinder eggs are illegal to sell here . 
  hershey bars are probably our worst chocolate though . 
  there are much better options . 
  are you referring to hershey bars or some other kind of chocolate ? 
  i worked with a guy from iceland who had some salty licorice and i tried some . 
  it was pretty bad . 
  i guess it 's an acquired taste . 
  hershey bars are pretty bottom of the barrel as far as american chocolate goes . 
  it 's the kind of chocolate you give to kids because they do n't know any better . 
  there are much better options here . 
  that pains me . 
  of all the american chocolate to take home you got the absolute worst . 
  interesting . 
  and i thought we were the friendly ones . 
  here the `` rule '' is to never speak or make eye contact with anyone in the elevator . 
  that 's partially true . 
  the american style would be to hold the fork in your left hand and knife in your right hand when cutting . 
  then you would put the knife down and put the fork in your right hand to eat . 
  it would also be impolite to put your hands on the table while eating , hence why you would keep your empty hand in your lap . 
  this is a very formal way of eating and if you kept your knife in your hand or did n't put your fork in your right hand nobody would notice . 
  my mom was really into etiquette and she tried to teach me to use my knife and fork `` american style '' . 
  it would bother her when i kept my knife in my hand because `` that was the way the europeans did it . '', 
  but i thought it was unnecessary extra work and never bothered putting down my knife or moving my fork to my other hand . 
  so to this day i still eat with with my fork in my left hand even though i 'm right-handed . 
  i recently learned that cheek kissing is somewhat of a thing in new york city and los angeles but outside of those places it 's unheard of . 
  has it always been that way or is it a more recent thing ? 
  * aluminum * is the earlier , original spelling used by the man who first named the metal ( who also happened to be british ) . 
  the form * aluminium * came later .
