  in english the word ` french ' can be a noun or an adjective , but the noun form only refers to the french language or to the french people collectively . 
  when speaking of the french people you always say '' ** the ** french '' instead of just `` french '' when constructing a sentence like , `` the french like to cook . '', 
  for most other nationalities you would say , `` germans like to cook , '' although , `` the germans like to cook , '' is also perfectly acceptable . 
  anyway , so that means there is no english word for `` french person '' , unless you count frenchman or frenchwoman which are not commonly used . 
  so it would be incorrect to say `` as a french ... '' or `` i am a french '' . 
  there 's a handful of nationalities like this including irish , spanish , british , dutch , and a few others . 
  for most other nationalities you can say , `` as an italian '' , `` as a canadian '' , `` as an egyptian '' , etc. 
  might want to check out / r/iwantout / . 
  yeah , there 's not really any concrete rules defining when a word should be considered a proper adjective . 
  the other capitalization rules seem straightforward though . 
  legally , as long as you 're not broadcasting on the public airwaves you can use whatever swear words you want . 
  there are five big television networks that broadcast on public airwaves . 
  other stuff that 's broadcast on public airways tends to be non-commercial . 
  channels that come as part of a cable subscription are not regulated . 
  there are hundreds of these . 
  i do n't think the h affects the word at all . 
  maybe some dialects pronounce hour and our differently but i very much doubt it 's because of the h. [ hour ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/pronunciation/english/hour ) vs [ our ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/pronunciation/english/our ), 
  interesting . 
  i 've never heard of this before . 
  capitalizing ` freudian ' makes sense because it 's describing things that pertain to freud , like ` european ' describes things that pertain to europe . 
  but when a word starts to overshadow the thing it pertains to it 'll start to lose its capitalization . 
  there 's no concrete rule about when this happens so i guess that can be confusing . 
  [ nope ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/pronunciation/english/hour ) . 
  depending on the accent it 's usually pronounced exactly like ` our ' . 
  those are non-rhotic pronunciations . 
  rhotic dialects ( e.g. 
  most english dialects in the us and canada ) do n't pronounce the vowel . 
  they 're called [ rhotic vowels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r-colored_vowel ) , and there 's some debate over whether or not those words actually contain vowel sounds . 
  so american tv shows are censored in your country ? 
  generally the only types of shows that has stuff bleeped out are live tv or shows where the dialogue is n't scripted . 
  in a general non-rhotic english accent the ` r ' sound in a word like ` girl ' is usually dropped , so the word sounds more like ` guhl ' . 
  in that case there is a vowel sound . 
  in a rhotic general american accent it would be pronounced like ` grrl ' . 
  the ` r ' has the same sound as it does in a word like ` run ' so there 's no vowel sound between the g and the r. 
  many english words , especially in rhotic dialects , have no vowel sounds : bird , turtle , learn , girl , curl , worm , firm , church, 
  english has a lot of baggage from its older loanwords . 
  fortunately newer additions to english tend to follow more standard rules . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  are you saying the words are actually being censored or they 're not actually in the shows at all ? 
  that 's why the h is silent in some english words of french origin , like hour . 
  it 's also silent in italian as well when not modifying the sound of another letter . 
  that 's awesome . 
  there 's a lot of informal terms in use for second person plural . 
  y' all is common where i 'm from . 
   love rat is this not just another word for cheater or adulterer ? 
   condo does this concept not exist in the uk ? 
  either !, 
  i 'd say once people start going to college ( age 17 or 18 ) it becomes common to drink . 
  unless things have changed since i was in school i 'd say that pretty much nobody is drinking at 15 . 
  then by all means , eat at restaurants without tipped employees . 
  it 's just a social custom , not some evil conspiracy . 
  for me it 's this : patriotism : i love my country . 
  nationalism : my country is better than yours . 
  they did n't used to be that long . 
  pretty much nobody is saying the pledge of allegiance after elementary school . 
  it has virtually no impact on the daily life of the average american . 
  the us is essentially buying a hegemony that maintains a world order for itself and its allies . 
  there 's a lot to lose in the face of instability . 
  so the us effectively buys other powerful nations by subsidizing their defense and in turn they bow to american pressure , while at the same time preventing other powerful nations from encroaching on their turf . 
  this requires a large military budget but the us is arguably making a lot more money out of the arrangement than it 's putting into it . 
  i guess the concern is that someone could choke on whatever is inside . 
   if someone does n't ( or forgets to ) tip , it is an angry `` i am entitled to that tip ! '' . 
  it 's not so much that people who work for tips are entitled to them ( they 're not ) . 
  until a different system is put in place you should to tip unless you get bad service , otherwise people will see you as an asshole ( and rightfully so ) . 
  food that has non-edible stuff inside is illegal . 
  only over-the-air broadcasters who use the publicly owned spectrum are regulated like that . 
  these are the channels you can get for free if you have a television and an antenna . 
  cable television , which is a channel package you can only get by paying a monthly fee , is not regulated this way . 
  they can generally show whatever they want but usually do n't have nudity or a lot of obscene language because they do n't want to scare away advertisers . 
  then there are premium channels like hbo and showtime that require a subscription and do n't have advertisements . 
  there 's lots of nudity on those channels . 
  and here is an example of someone not understanding how tipping works . 
  tipped employees receive a lower minimum wage than non-tipped employees , however those employees can not be legally paid less than the regular federal or state minimum wage , whichever is higher . 
  so if the regular minimum wage is $ 10 an hour , and the tipped wages plus tips do not add up to $ 10 an hour for the pay period , the employer is required to make up the difference . 
  tl ; dr tipped employees are not getting paid less . 
  you 'll find all sorts of opinions in a country of 320 million people . 
  tipping does n't bother most americans , but in my experience it does seem to bother most non-americans . 
  the drinking age is set by each state , so any state can lower the legal drinking age if it wished , and prior to the late 1980s the legal drinking age varied from state to state . 
  however there was a federal law that was passed in the early 1980s that punished states by withholding highways funds if the legal drinking age was under 21 . 
  so every state eventually set their legal drinking age to 21 to avoid missing out on that federal money . 
  that law would have to be repealed before any state would be willing to lower the legal drinking age again . 
  puerto rico , while not a state , still has its legal drinking age set to 18 . 
  this is the kind of thing that gives americans a bad reputation when visiting other countries . 
  `` it 's different or do n't understand it so it 's stupid . '', 
  we do too , but people do n't seem to care enough to change it . 
   absolutely no cursing on television this one is not true at all . 
  say mississippi or massachusetts five times fast . 
  do n't know about best in europe but i do n't think stockholm is 2nd in the world after silicon valley . 
  granting of italian citizenship pursuant to special laws  a. 
  law n. 379 of 14 december 2000 , provides for recognition of italian citizenship to persons born and formerly resident in the territories of the former austro-hungarian empire and their descendents in possession of the following requirements :  * birth and residence of an ancestor in the territories formerly belonging to the austro-hungarian empire and annexed to italy at the end of the first world war in the treaty of san germano ;  * emigration abroad of an ancestor between 25 december 1867 and 16 july 1920 . 
   claims for recognition of italian citizenship had to be submitted by 20 december 2010 to the italian diplomatic-consular authorities if the applicant was living abroad , or to the official statistics office ( anagrafe ) of the city of residence if living in italy . 
   claims submitted by the deadline are examined by an inter-ministerial commission set up in the ministry of the interior , which rules in function of satisfaction of the prescribed legal requirements . 
  if the ruling is favourable the ministry of the interior issues clearance for recognition . 
  so here is what you need to find out : * did your father leave italy before 16 july 1920 ? 
  if so then you are not eligible for italian citizenship because you had to submit your application by 20 december 2010 . 
  * did your father ever register in a non-austrian part of italy ? 
  if so you * may * be eligible for italian citizenship . 
  your case is definitely an outlier . 
  i highly recommend joining this [ facebook group ] ( https://www.facebook.com/groups/23386646249/ ) and asking this question there . 
  they are very helpful and will probably have a lot more answers than you will find here .
