  i mean it was delicious but i would n't describe it as crispy , except for maybe the extreme outer edge . 
   i mean look at the thickness of pizza bases there are so many different varieties of american pizza . 
  there are just as many thin crust styles as there are thick crust . 
  i think a lot of non-americans think american food is just pizza and hamburgers , but that 's only a small subset of american food . 
  there are no burgers or pizza in traditional southern american cuisine for example . 
   one is here short term the other is here long term . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i would n't consider someone who was sent here by their employer for work to be an immigrant . 
  us military bases are n't considered us soil for citizenship purposes . 
  there are a lot of native italian speakers in argentina . 
  italy did n't allow dual citizenship until 1992 . 
  prior to that , if an italian citizen naturalized as a citizen of another country italy considered that a renunciation of italian citizenship and it was lost . 
  so imagine this scenario : your grandfather is italian . 
  he moves to the us in 1930 and becomes a us citizen in 1940 . 
  he has now lost his italian citizenship . 
  your father is born in 1941 but because your grandfather no longer has italian citizenship your father does not inherit it . 
  now if your grandfather naturalized as a us citizen after your father was born in 1941 ( or never naturalized at all ) then your father inherited italian citizenship because your grandfather was still an italian citizen when your father was born . 
  there 's some other things that can disqualify you but this video does a pretty good job of explaining the details of each scenario : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvi5wx0tpr, 
   if anyone with italian heritage can be a citizen it 's not just anyone with italian heritage . 
  for example if your most recent italian ancestor was your grandfather and he came to the us and naturalized as a us citizen before your father was born , the line was broken and citizenship was not passed down . 
  that may be part of the rationale . 
  americans with german , italian , irish , etc heritage may have a very distant connection to those countries but we are all still westerners and will still be closer culturally than someone from africa or asia . 
  same thing can happen here in the us . 
  if a pregnant woman visiting the us on vacation has her baby here , that child is 100 % american and can vote in american elections even if that person never returns to the us after that . 
  yeah , but it sounds like a two step process . 
  if your most recent irish ancestor was your great grandparent , you could n't claim citizenship unless your parent already had , correct ? 
  i do n't think you can go back that far . 
  at least one of your grandparents had to be born in ireland . 
   if 100 years is okay , why not go 300 years ? 
  there 's a few examples of this . 
  i believe sephardic jews expelled 500 years ago from portugal and spain can get citizenship in those countries . 
   and then a person from the other side of the globe pops up and gets it in a month it 's actually a multi-year process , but yes it 's still easier than not having italian ancestry . 
  it 's about a 4 year process to be recognized so not exactly a piece of cake but it 's definitely easier than having no italian ancestry . 
   there are literally no border controls and it 's like crossing between states in the us so you can drive from poland to ukraine and there are no passport controls ? 
  i do n't know how it is for other eu countries but i believe you can only take advantage of social programs in italy if you are an actual resident . 
  merely having an italian passport is n't enough . 
  the biggest benefit by far is the right to permanently live and work anywhere in the eu without a visa . 
  my kids also get citizenship so they might be interested in studying in europe one day . 
  there 's also some countries that italian citizens can travel to without a visa ( e.g. 
  brazil , vietnam ) that american citizens can not . 
  having voting rights for italy is kind of weird for me too . 
  my plan is to mostly not participate in italian elections unless the outcome directly affects me in some way . 
  for italian citizenship by descent there is no language requirement . 
  romance languages like spanish and italian are considered among the easier languages to learn for native english speakers . 
  people who barely know any english come to the us all the time to study . 
  if they 're diligent it usually works for them . 
  malls can be fine in certain contexts but in general i feel that trying to replicate an urban environment in the suburbs is contrived and kind of shitty . 
  it 's mostly french influenced because the biggest and oldest celebrations are in cities in former french territory that had significant french catholic populations , specifically in new orleans , mobile , biloxi , and pensacola . 
  the most famous one by far is mardi gras in new orleans but there are many other cities that have carnival festivals . 
  it 's not nationally observed so there are many parts of the country that do not celebrate it at all . 
  carnival . 
  i 've visited canada and if it was n't for the border crossing you 'd never be able to tell you 've left the us , aside from the extensive french signage . 
  montana is slightly larger than germany but only has a little more than 1 % of germany 's population . 
  no , it 's because short shorts on men are often seen as effeminate in the us . 
  pretty much every military has chaplains . 
  the idea is a lot older than the us . 
  it 's becoming more mainstream . 
  shopping malls ( or shopping arcades ) are n't uniquely american but the suburban version is . 
  when suburban living became popular the shopping mall was a way to replicate urban convenience in the suburbs . 
  there would be dozens and dozens of retailers and restaurants all under one roof . 
  it kind of became something like a public square . 
  there were also places like movie theaters and video arcades in addition to shopping . 
  these days malls are dying . 
  they 're not nearly as popular as they were 20 years ago . 
  they 've been around since at least the 1980s if not before . 
  i agree that they 're kind of dumb though, 
  this would be considered rude in most of the us . 
  cat calling is not a normal thing here . 
  we have that also . 
  technically we imported every christian holiday from europe . 
  it 's not technically related to thanksgiving ( it 's the day after ) but it 's a day that many americans have off from work . 
  i 'd say india was the bigger loss . 
  when the american colonies won independence the british empire was n't even at the peak of its power yet . 
  it 's very common in canada and australia as well . 
  even europe has suburban sprawl , although it 's not the norm like it is in the us . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  i ca n't buy nutella anymore . 
  i eat it too fast . 
  compared to most american cities , yours are very compact . 
  even your small cities feel very urban . 
  most smaller american cities are sprawling and not very walkable . 
  they were n't completely bulldozed , but lots of structures and dense urban neighborhoods were demolished to build highways and parking garages . 
  most cities also had some kind of tram system but those mostly went away when cars became popular . 
  after world war 2 cars and car ownership were seen as the future so it was considered very progressive at the time . 
  at lot of historical buildings were lost . 
  most major american cities have been around longer than automobiles . 
  what changed was that we decided to bulldoze a lot of our urban centers in the 1950s and 1960s to make them more car friendly . 
  this paved the way for cheap suburban life but it made many of our cities a lot less livable and contributes to sprawl . 
   i think china has always been a major super power . 
  if it has persisted for so many millennia , it wo n't change now . 
  how are you defining superpower though ? 
  typically it means a dominant state that can exert its influence and power on a global scale . 
  under that definition there 's really only been maybe four superpowers in all of history : the spanish empire , the british empire , the united states , and the soviet union . 
   1h 30min one-way that 's pretty long . 
  i think an hour one way is my limit . 
  i dunno , i feel like the boycott is irrelevant . 
  we make decisions by voting and if you do n't vote then too bad i guess . 
  my experience on / r/askanamerican and / r/askeurope is that both americans and europeans have a lot of ignorance and misconceptions about each other but the americans seem to be more self-aware of that fact . 
  i dunno , i could totally imagine that first one being in sweden . 
   and so could a french that moved to california and got the citizenship .
