people in atlanta generally view the olympics as having a very positive effect on the city . 
  they seem to be the exception though . 
   there are a lot of latin americans in san diego , and i 've definitely heard the argument here yes , my high school spanish teacher was from colombia and she made the same argument but that 's not how we say it in english . 
  that 's fine for them but that 's not the convention in english . 
  i 've never heard anyone say , `` he is an american , '' and mean anything other than `` he is a person from the united states '' . 
  the power lines . 
   so why do we have buried power lines almost everywhere in the urban part of the county ? 
  i have no idea . 
  maybe you built them that way originally ? 
  or you have far few utilities to bury because your cities are much more densely populated than ours ? 
  newer development usually has buried utilities but burying existing ones its expensive . 
   come on what are you , a micro-nation with no money ? 
  burying power lines in just a single state can cost tens of billions of dollars . 
  it 's impractical on a large scale . 
  when a million other things are competing for budget money , burying power lines becomes a very low priority . 
   i do n't think so , sources ? 
  underground power lines can cost up to 10 times as much as above ground lines . 
  they also do n't last as long and are more expensive to maintain and replace . 
  it 's almost as if american culture is n't the same as it was 100 years ago . 
   if you meet a person that is plastered with canadian flags it probably means that they are undercover americans . 
  that 's weird . 
  canada does n't have the same racial dynamic between blacks and whites that the us has and never experienced white flight . 
   as an example , game of thrones airs primetime on local tv channels uncensored no it does n't . 
  game of thrones is owned by hbo and would never air on any channel that is not hbo . 
   cities are laid out different . 
  not really . 
  canadian cities look and feel like american cities . 
  the larger ones have decent public transportation but it never felt like it was any more prevalent than it is in the us . 
  op was asking for comparisons between the us and canada . 
  we have tim hortons in the us . 
  we also have dunkin donuts which is pretty much the same thing . 
  they do in ontario and quebec . 
  i think it comes in jugs in the western provinces . 
  marginally maybe , but canada and the us are * far * more similar to each other than either of them are to any other country in the anglosphere . 
  the us and canada are probably two of the most similar countries in the world . 
   you told me above that it was just based on english being the main national language , nothing more , and now it includes cultural and political links ? 
  i suppose there is a cultural and historical element to it as well , which is why the us , uk , canada , new zealand , and australia are always included in the anglosphere while countries like jamaica and india are often not . 
  but things like political and military ties ( e.g. 
  five eyes , abca armies , technical cooperation program ) are a very real result of the anglosphere . 
   would n't include the us in the anglosphere if we take into account political and cultural ties . 
  i know of no definition of the anglosphere that would not include the us . 
  i see people say this stuff all the time on / r/askeurope and it seems like a lot of europeans have this idea that canada is some sort of european-esque country because canada has stuff like national health care and stricter gun laws . 
  i have to wonder if they 've ever been to both countries . 
  the us and canada are incredibly similar , so much so that outsiders would probably have a hard time telling them apart . 
  americans and canadians could easily pass for each other and could live and work in each other 's countries with minimal , if any , cultural shock . 
  we play the same sports , eat the same food , watch the same tv , and have similar left-right politics . 
  canada is more to the left of the us as a whole but compared to somewhere like california ( which has more people than canada ) they are pretty similar . 
  that said , there definitely are cultural differences but they extremely overstated on this subreddit . 
  it 's very hard for immigrants to france to get french citizenship . 
  there are cases of people who were born in france , speak french , and have lived in france all their lives but can not get citizenship because their parents are not french citizens . 
  this happens across europe , not just in france . 
  because we were settled by the british and share a common language there are also close cultural and political links between anglosphere countries . 
  the anglosphere is collection of countries where english is the main national language . 
  nothing more . 
   not keen on the gun laws or the healthcare system . 
  probably the two most misunderstood things about the us by non-americans . 
  i find that the pineapple overpowers the other flavors in the pizza . 
  i 'm just not a fan of fruit on pizza . 
  pizza should be savory . 
  the electoral college is the law is the land . 
  how would that make trump illegitimate ? 
  that 's just wrong . 
  the definition of a country does not automatically imply sovereignty . 
  a vassal or a country occupied by a foreign power is still a country . 
  a country does n't have to be a sovereign state . 
  the funny thing is that coca-cola produced and sold in mexico is sweetened with corn syrup , just like american coca-cola . 
  it 's only coca-cola produced in mexico and imported to the us that contains sugar , which is what americans call `` mexican coke '' . 
  you do n't owe greek taxes unless you live in greece . 
  being a us citizen means you have a to file a us tax return every year no matter where you live , but you can get a foreign income credit on non-american taxes paid on income up to roughly $ 100,000 , which significantly minimized the amount of tax you have to pay . 
  and as you mentioned , the obvious downside of greek citizenship is the military obligation , but if you never live in greece i guess it is n't a problem . 
  a burger is almost always beef . 
  if it 's chicken it 's usually called a chicken sandwich . 
   to be fair , do n't americans have to pick non related subjects in university as well ? 
  i keep hearing that from american redditors . 
  yes , most american university programs provide a liberal arts education so you are generally requires to take some classes that are outside your area of focus . 
  when americans say something like `` i 'm french '' they usually just mean they have french ancestry . 
  in my experience when this is done it 's mostly by americans whose ancestors came to the us within living memory of someone still alive , maybe within the last 120 years or so . 
  the longer the family has been in the us the less they tend to care about ancestry . 
  children are n't property in the us either but they are under the care and guardianship of their parents . 
  it 's possible but i do n't watch fox news . 
  i have n't seen any mainstream media coverage in the us that 's tried to make universal healthcare look bad . 
  admittedly it is strange that the parents would be forbidden from taking their child to the us for treatment using their own money . 
  that 's how i understand it anyway , but i have n't been following the case very closely . 
  was taking a dig at americans really necessary ? 
  seriously ? 
  yeah , polish citizens have to apply for a visa to visit the us , unlike citizens from most eu countries . 
  i know there 's some contention there because all eu countries are supposed to be treated the same regarding travel visas . 
  the visa waiver program is for visitors , not immigrants . 
  there 's still a sizable polish speaking population here but most people with polish ancestry have been integrated for a long time . 
   america without any of the drawbacks ( bible thumpers , gun violence , lack of safety nets , ridiculous healthcare ) if you qualified for a visa for the us these are not things you would have to worry about . 
  have you been to canada ? 
  it has lot more in common with the us than it does with europe . 
  if there was n't a border and you drove into canada from the us you might not even notice you were in another country . 
  bush was halfway through his second term before he reached trump 's level of unpopularity . 
  everybody thinks that with their first kid . 
  but then the kid gets older , you start figuring things out , and you learn to be more chill about it . 
  i 've got four kids and the hardest transition is going from zero to one . 
  so that 's what the genre is called . 
  i just called it puerto rican pop music . 
   father walking bride down the aisle .
