   not usually , we make exceptions with the very good ones , like narcos , but that 's not common . 
  narcos is actually an american show . 
  it 's a joint venture between netflix and telemundo , an american spanish language television network . 
  there 's a huge amount of spanish language media produced in the us . 
  i 'm not sure how much of it gets exported though . 
  does spain consume a lot of mexican media ? 
  yes , unfortunately . 
  most american cities used to have pretty robust tram systems . 
  most of those were dismantled after world war 2 after the us fully embraced car culture . 
  now only a handful of cities have what i would call good public transportation ( new york city , boston , chicago , washington dc , philadelphia ) . 
  then next tier has mediocre transit ( atlanta , los angeles , san francisco ) . 
  the tier below that is `` up and coming '' in that the their transit systems are either new or are n't expansive ( phoenix , dallas , pittsburgh , charlotte , denver , seattle , st. louis ) . 
  i 've left some cities out but most medium sized and small cities have no light or heavy rail transit at all ( tampa , nashville , birmingham , orlando , san antonio , detroit , kansas city , etc ) . 
  blackcurrants used to be very popular here until they were banned in the early 1900s because they carried a disease that was a threat to some native trees that were used for logging . 
  the federal ban has been lifted and blackcurrants are cultivated in a few states but they 're still largely unknown here . 
  to me backseat driver has a slightly different meaning . 
  a backseat driver is someone who tries to control someone performing an action through commentary while an armchair general/quarterback is making commentary after the fact . 
  i could be totally wrong though . 
  this is why it can be difficult for native english speakers to pick up a foreign language in another country , especially in european countries . 
  everyone wants to talk to us in english !, 
  unfortunately it 's very common among buildings built in the last 50 years or so . 
  it would probably be seen as very rude in a formal situation . 
  then there 's the formal `` how do you do ? '', 
  where the appropriate response is `` how do you do ? 
  in that situation i probably would n't expect any more than a friendly nod . 
  in general if i ask a stranger that question expected responses would be `` good '' , `` fine , thanks '' , or other neutral short replies . 
  there 's not any kind of literal meaning behind the question . 
  it 's just a ritualized greeting americans use to be friendly . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  no real reason . 
  it 's just the way we do it . 
  the thing about orlando is that it 's a very new city , even by american standards , and built for tourists . 
  orlando is to theme parks what las vegas is to casinos . 
  it 's population exploded after disney world opened in 1971 so everything is new and cheap . 
  in 1950 the orlando metropolitan region had less than 150,000 people living there . 
  today it has 2.3 million . 
  the pre-ww2 stuff was built to last . 
  those buildings will be around for a long time . 
  post-ww2 architecture does seem cheap and utilitarian though . 
  i 've heard a lot of non-americans who come to the us start to think that americans are disingenuous . 
  they hear us ask , `` how are you ? '', 
  so they proceed to tell us exactly how they are doing . 
  then they see us shift around uncomfortably because to americans it just means `` hello '' and is not a literal question . 
   they confuse the locals with the `` how are you doing ? 
  '' , who often misinterpret it as an honest interest in their day . 
  americans are then often surprised on hearing `` yeah , could be worse '' or `` pretty shit so far '' . 
  those could be perfectly normal responses in the us . 
  heh , i was in edinburgh last year for work . 
  once i was walking down the hall of my hotel and gave two english gentlemen a casual , `` how 's it going ? '', 
  as i walked past . 
  this of course is completely normal in the us but this time i was totally ignored . 
  it took me a second to realize , oh right they do n't really do that here . 
  to americans our ancestry is something we find interesting or a point of personal pride but , outside of first and second generation immigrants , we do n't really place a lot of importance on it . 
  our national identity is n't based on ancestry and it had no impact on our daily lives . 
  all you have to do to be an american citizen is be born here or have american parents . 
  in european countries ancestry is a much bigger part of the national identity or what it means to be a german/italian/french / etc. 
  it 's not enough to be born in italy . 
  your parents have to be italian as well . 
  it would be easier for me to get italian citizenship as a person who has never been to italy and does n't speak any italian than it would be for a person who speaks italian and was born in italy to non-italian parents , simply because my great grandfather was italian . 
  i guess they do n't seem odd to us because we do n't have a history of that kind of architecture in the us . 
  i still think they 're ugly as hell though . 
   oh , i love american creepy `` styled like a mansion in europe but never been to a mansion or to europe '' houses , it 's spectacular !, 
  as an american i hate those things as well . 
  we call them faux chateaus . 
   so far i know i would be at least tasered if not shoted by police during any pull over . 
  i 've never been shot or tasered by the police nor do i know anyone who has . 
  if public transportation is important to you then la is probably one of the worst cities to live in for that . 
  i do n't know what op is talking about . 
  cities with walkable areas always have sidewalks . 
  places that lack sidewalks generally look like [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@33.9142544,-84.5917622,3a,60y,215.16h,78.65t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sxo7ofhxfheiraftrbpzujg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  cities will almost certainly have sidewalks in the denser areas . 
  many suburban areas may not though . 
   and your us cities are dead and segregated for political reasons , not due to ` car-culture ' . 
  those two things are not mutually exclusive . 
  after world war 2 car ownership skyrocketed . 
  many american cities bulldozed large sections of their dense urban cores and ripped up streetcar tracks to make way for interstates and parking garages . 
  unlike european cities , it 's quite common for american cities to have [ giant superhighways go right through the densest parts of our cities ] ( https://cmgajcnews.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/traffic1.jpg ) . 
  these allowed people to live farther and farther from the cities . 
  many of these cities decayed because the only people left living in them were poor people who payed far less in taxes . 
  there definitely was a political component to it but it was not the only thing going on . 
  fortunately attitudes are changing and over the last 20 years or so city living has become very popular again . 
  unfortunately it will take many decades to reverse the damage done to our cities by urban renewal and bad political decisions . 
   i still think americans are being a bit ridiculous with their whole obsession with an ancestry they literally have zero ties to . 
  in my experience europeans make a much bigger deal about ancestry than americans do . 
  * we * understand what it means when we talk to each other . 
  when someone says something like , `` my dad 's side is italian , '' americans unambiguously know that person is talking about ancestry . 
  granted we should probably be more explicit when talking to non-americans but it 's easy to overlook when you 're on the internet conversing exclusively in english . 
  good beer is n't obscure though . 
  you can buy good beer at just about any grocery store or restaurant that serves alcohol . 
  the cheap stuff is for getting drunk . 
  skyscrapers always look so out of place in european cities . 
  i 'm glad they mostly have their own unique look . 
  american beer is consistently rated at or near the best in the world . 
  it 's mostly the cheap mass-produced stuff that is crappy . 
  americans might notice the difference but most of us probably would n't be able to pinpoint what region it 's from . 
  if i heard a glasgow accent i 'd know it was scottish but i would n't know it was a glasgow accent or different from an edinburgh accent . 
  the metric system . 
  also you export a lot of aircraft . 
  americans can tell the difference between english , irish , and scottish accents but it 's much less likely that we would be able to notice regional variations within those larger accent categories . 
   the only people i 've ever met in my life who 've put something ahead of/alongside their nation of birth are ... american people .
