  what 's your point ? 
   hence why puerto rico 's citizenship are n't full us citizens . 
  lol, 
  there 's a few places that are n't overseas departments and have a different legal status . 
  st. martin is one which is part of the eu . 
  french polynesia is another one and is not part of the eu . 
  do n't the uk and france still have colonies ? 
  they can vote , but because puerto rico is not a state it has no congressmen , senators , or electoral votes so there is no way for residents to participate in federal elections . 
  this is entirely due to location , not citizenship . 
  if a us citizen from california became a resident of puerto rico he could not vote in federal elections . 
  if a us citizen from puerto rico became a resident of california he could vote in federal elections . 
  the same is true for residents of washington dc , although they can vote for president because of the 23rd amendment . 
  that said , i would love to see puerto rico become a state . 
  puerto ricans are full us citizens . 
   php ( danish ) was n't php created in canada ? 
  the phrase is used by all native english speakers . 
  it 's not american specific . 
  yes , but you are taking it a step further by declaring that english speakers are superficial because they 're not asking you a literal question . 
  because it 's a phatic expression , not a literal question . 
  lots of languages have them . 
  if you try to understand * how are you ? 
  * as anything beyond a greeting then you 're either not understanding it like a native speaker would or being intentionally obtuse . 
  i think there are other things that make the us , especially california , favorable for tech startups . 
  non-compete agreements are unenforceable there so it 's easy for employees to move from company to company . 
  it 's also really easy to hire and fire employees , which is really important for startups . 
  also americans are generally more comfortable with risk than europeans are , so they are n't afraid to throw money at ideas that are n't sure things . 
  i do n't know much about irish citizenship but i think if one of your grandparents was irish then you might be elidgible . 
  italy is pretty generous with how it grants citizenship by descent . 
  there 's no limit to how many generations you can go back as long as your italian ancestor lived in italy after 1861 ( italian unification ) . 
  your italian ancestor also had to naturalize in his new country after the child you are related to was born . 
  for example my great grandfather was italian and moved to the us and became a us citizen in 1920 . 
  my grandfather was born in 1918 so he inherited his father 's italian citizenship , who then passed it on to my dad and then to me . 
  there 's a few other requirements but that 's the main one . 
  same here , except i have italian ancestry and my last name is italian . 
  i 'm even in the process of being recognized as an italian citizen , but i would never call myself italian . 
  i 'm just a regular american . 
  this is a cultural misunderstanding . 
  in english , the question * how are you ? 
  * is just a casual way of saying hello . 
  it 's not a literal question nor is it an american specific thing , nor is english the only language that has salutations like this . 
  there 's even the super formal * how do you do ? 
  * where the proper response is another * how do you do ? 
  * repeated back . 
  in german asking someone * how are you ? 
  * is a genuine expression of interest . 
  the question has a completely different meaning and there 's an expectation of an actual reply . 
  the problem is n't that english speakers are superficial , but that you are trying to understand the question with a german mindset . 
  how are you measuring that ? 
  california taxes are high by american standards but they 're still low by european ones . 
  the average sales tax rate is 8.5 % and the top income tax bracket is 13 % . 
  the problem with los angeles is that it 's often romanticized as this glamorous and exciting place . 
  in reality it 's a pretty crappy place to go on vacation . 
  if i was planning a vacation to california i think los angeles would be near the bottom of my list of places to go . 
  it 's probably the most overrated city in the country . 
   when you see posting signs in parks saying `` entrance is forbidden for adults if unaccompanied by kids '' . 
  i do n't doubt that these exist but i have never actually seen something like that . 
   everybody seems to have a strong opinion on everything even when knowing a shit about the discussed issue . 
  i see a lot of that in this thread . 
   the state offers a pension , also . 
  we have social security , which is similar . 
  it 's generally americans whose ancestors arrived within the last 100 years . 
  it 's something americans find interesting but it 's not really something that has an impact on their lives , except for maybe the portion that can claim dual citizenship . 
  you should try it . 
  it 's delicious . 
  fried chicken that is properly cooked should not be dry . 
   robs it of its own flavour  that bird meat is the poorest one does not compute . 
  prior to the japanese attack the us waged a secret naval war against germany and shipped billions of dollars worth of supplies to the uk . 
  not exactly a `` pretty chill relationship with the nazis '' . 
  fdr badly wanted to enter the war but american popular opinion strongly opposed it . 
  world war 1 was still in recent memory and the public did n't want to get involved in what was perceived as yet another european war . 
   a lot of racial theories ( eugenics , social darwinism ) thrived in the us during that time and after the war . 
  it 's definitely not superficial . 
  we just enjoy being friendly with people , even if we know we 'll never see them again . 
  small talk is n't something i enjoy personally but the friendliness with strangers thing is generally true of americans . 
  if you 're used to people only being friendly once you 've gotten to know them then i can see how it can come across as superficial . 
  i think the misunderstanding comes from non-americans having different expectations of the interaction than americans do . 
   a kingdom is a country key phrase ^ ^ what is a kingdom ? 
  i never said it did . 
  the uk is a constitutional monarchy and the monarch is the head of state . 
  it does n't matter if she does n't govern . 
  a kingdom is a country with a monarchist form of government in the same way that a republic is a country with a republican form of government . 
  there are services you can use to help you get a visa . 
  it usually does n't require any travel . 
  as a soon-to-be dual us-eu citizen i hope they stay . 
  it 's definitely over-exaggerated but it 's often based on truth . 
   china is a complete surprise to me . 
  visiting china is kind of an ordeal , at least for us citizens . 
  you have to obtain an entry visa from the chinese consulate . 
  this involves submitting an itinerary which includes all your hotel reservations and travel plans and everything needs to be translated into chinese . 
  if someone is going to go through all that time and expense to get a visa to visit china then i imagine they 're going to want to spend a lot of time there . 
  a large number of tourists in france come from europe . 
  france shares a border with 8 different countries so it 's much easier for tourists to get to france by train or car . 
  all of those countries also have visa free access to france so there are no passport controls . 
  because it 's cheaper and easier to get there that probably means people are n't going to stay as long and spend as much money there . 
  check out the visitor statistics : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_france#statistics out of the top 10 arrivals by country , 8 are in europe and 6 of them share a land border with france . 
  the other 2 countries ( us and china ) make the top 10 simply by having very large populations . 
  compare this to the us which only shares a land border with 2 countries , both of which are extremely large compared to european countries so it 's not as easy to get to the border for a large number of people . 
  mexican citizens can also not visit the us without first obtaining a visa and canadian citizens still must go through customs before entering the us , so crossing the border is not as casual as it is in the eu . 
  visitors are much more likely to fly to the us so travel is a much bigger investment . 
  that usually means tourists stay for a longer period of time and thus spend more money .
