  i meant for when you visit the us . 
  i would hope you would eat more than fast food . 
  there are so many much better options . 
  it seems more `` generic beach resort '' than specifically american , although english is extremely prevalent in the touristy areas because of all the american and canadian tourists . 
  you only have one place you want to visit in the western hemisphere and it 's aruba ? 
   and i learnt there 's a city in texas called corpus christi , looks like catholics got in the lone star state . 
  texas used to be part of mexico so that would make sense . 
  interesting to know . 
  vermont has a strong libertarian streak . 
  for a long time it was the only state that allowed people to carry a concealed weapon without a permit . 
   can i ask in which sector you are working ? 
  i 'm a software developer for a large tech company . 
   is it very hard to change a job in the us ? 
  in my career it is not hard at all because there 's so much demand . 
  i ca n't speak for other fields though . 
   is it easy to get fired ? 
  it depends . 
  i think it 's harder to get fired at larger companies because an individual employee does n't have as large of an impact . 
  it 's easier at smaller companies , but it 's not like it 's something that just happens randomly . 
   i have heard a horrible statistic that 30 % of your workforce does not have any paid vacation . 
  it 's possible . 
  a large number of those are probably low wage jobs . 
  it would be surprising if a white collar position did n't offer any paid vacation . 
   because then like tho whole culture of the company is probably a bit more discouraging for taking vacation so no one takes like 50 days vacation anyway ? 
  people with unlimited vacation usually take less of it because they 're not entitled to a specific number of days . 
  this makes people feel bad about asking for too much time off . 
   also , us does not have paid sick leave right ? 
  no paid sick leave , although some companies do offer it . 
  the company i work for will pay you for 12 weeks at 80 % of your salary if you 're sick . 
  what are american names ? 
  we do n't exactly hate florida . 
  but other than having really great beaches and not being cold there 's not really a whole lot there . 
  everything is flat . 
  there 's virtually no older cities with culture or breathtaking national parks like boston or yosemite that draw people to visit ( the everglades is cool but not exactly awe inspiring ) . 
  many of the cities feel fake and soulless ( looking at you , orlando ) . 
  florida is a place you visit , not a place you live . 
  although there are a lot of people moving there to retire or escape the brutal northern winters . 
  florida is really nothing like italy . 
  i would say california is probably the state most like italy , at least in terms of weather and geography . 
  i was spanked as a child and i was born in the early 1980s . 
  we do n't spank our kids , mostly because i do n't really feel like it 's effective and it 's way too easy to do it in anger . 
   school corporal punishment is still legal in about half the states i had no idea . 
  apparently i live in a state where it 's legal and my kids go to school but i 've never heard of any child getting spanked at school . 
  decades ago when i was in school i know spanking was allowed , but it was n't common . 
  at my school if you got in enough trouble you would get detention , which meant you had to stay after school and do chores or schoolwork . 
  students had the option of getting a spanking instead of detention . 
  students almost always chose the spanking because it was just two paddles and it barely hurt at all . 
  the spanking always required parental consent . 
  how would vacation work exactly if weekends are included ? 
  what would happen if you wanted to take a whole week off ? 
  normally you would just take off monday through friday , but would you also include the saturdays and sundays before monday and after friday ? 
  even here in the us , which is notorious for having no legally mandated vacation time , vacation days never include weekends . 
  so if you took 2 weeks off from work you are only going to use 10 days of vacation . 
  you 're generally not required to use your vacation . 
  most companies will accrue your vacation days until you hit a maximum and then it 's either use it or lose it . 
  if you leave your job and have unused vacation time most states legally require the company to pay you for it . 
  this is one of the reasons why some companies offer unlimited vacation . 
  there 's no accrued vacation time so they do n't have to pay it out when you leave . 
  mandarin 's one strength is that it has a very large number of native speakers , but i do n't think it will challenge english as a lingua franca anytime soon . 
  even in east asia the common language of choice is english , not mandarin . 
  mandarin 's writing system is also incredibly hard to learn if you 're not a native speaker . 
  it 's quite common to encounter children of chinese immigrants who are fluent in mandarin but ca n't read or write it . 
  english gained global dominance due to a series of unique events , most notably due to two english speaking powers ( the british empire and the united states ) achieving global dominance over the last couple of centuries . 
   it does here , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  then you 're going to have to clarify what you mean , because it sounds like you are talking about the slovenian word for ` rest ' instead of the english word ` vacation ' . 
  in english it sounds contradictory to say , `` we would travel to the us but we would not vacation there . '', 
  in slovenian ` travel ' and ` vacation ' may be different things but in english that is not necessarily true . 
  in english vacation does n't imply relaxing or resting . 
  i have no idea how the italian word for pepper became the name of an american salami but you can probably blame it on italian immigrants . 
  herb is a french word . 
  it 's the same reason we do n't pronounce the h in hour or the t in filet . 
  vacation does n't imply relaxing . 
  it can also include sightseeing . 
  there 's no place in europe like the american southwest though . 
  if you only stick to the coasts then you 're missing out on some of the most incredible natural beauty in the world . 
  yeah , if i wanted to go to the beach i would n't go all the way to europe to do it . 
  there 's lots of great beaches within driving distance of where i live . 
  americans do n't go all the way to europe just to relax and sit on the beach . 
  we can do that at home . 
  we want to see stuff . 
   i gey it you think ameica i so diverse you do n't need to travel . 
  i 've never said this . 
  i 'm only trying to explain why americans are less likely than europeans to travel internationally . 
   less than 5 minutes spent searching , dates at random . 
  does not include meals though . 
  $ 1000/person . 
  that 's just to some beach resort though . 
  have you ever been to one ? 
  they 're like a miniature recreation of america inside mexico . 
  there 's no culture there . 
  if you want that you might as well go somewhere like florida for a lot cheaper . 
   americans does not travel internationally because they cant afford it ? 
  lots of americans travel internationally . 
  but we do it less often because it 's expensive compared to traveling domestically . 
  within the country americans do travel quite frequently . 
  and because our country is so large and geographically diverse there is a * lot * to do here . 
  in europe it takes much less effort to travel internationally . 
  countries are much smaller so travel times are shorter and cheaper and you do n't even need a passport much of the time . 
   yes , it includes airfare . 
  www.costcotravels.com i do n't know what criteria you put in but i did n't see anything for that cheap that also included airfare .
