  latino is short for * latinoamericano * and so only refers to people from latin america . 
   a white hispanic wo n't be included in the white group as i keep trying to tell you , this is not true . 
  one 's race is tracked as a distinct category and is completely unrelated to whether or not that person hispanic . 
  [ 2010 us census results ] ( https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?src=bkmk ) [ ethnicity : hispanic or latino origin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_ethnicity_in_the_united_states#ethnicity:_hispanic_or_latino_origin ), 
   but they have to check the hispanic option no they do n't . 
  it 's a self classification . 
   which automatically separates them from the whites , even if they are white hispanics . 
  * hispanic * is an ethnicity , not a race . 
  they are tracked separately . 
  one can be both white and hispanic . 
  they 're mostly used interchangeably but latino can also include someone from brazil while hispanic can only refer to someone from a spanish speaking culture . 
   a guy from egypt or lebanon is white in the american census , a guy from mexico or argentina is not white of course they can be white . 
  the us census bureau does not define latino as a race . 
  it 's a matter of self identification . 
  latino is not a racial classification in the us . 
  latinos can be of any race . 
  everyone thought the us was immune until trump got elected . 
  thanks , electoral college . 
  that 's common in asia . 
  you fold it ( assuming the tortilla is soft ) and eat it like a sandwich . 
  taco bell is n't even considered mexican food in the us . 
  i have never heard of this before . 
  light beer is beer for people who do n't like beer . 
  that 's because , unlike restaurants , people leave gas stations after getting their fountain drink . 
  hershey 's is some of the crappiest chocolate we have . 
  i 'd be embarrassed if that was someone 's only impression of american chocolate . 
  it would be like judging american hamburgers based on mcdonald 's . 
   in spain like in the rest of europe the more you earn the more you pay it works the same way in the us . 
  and the license itself only costs around $ 20 . 
  i think it 's not so much that our national parks are better , but rather that the sheer variety of them is so much greater than any where else . 
  pretty much everywhere that serves fountain drinks offers free refills . 
  are n't most german cars produced outside of germany these days ? 
  we have smart cars in the us so i doubt size is the issue . 
   fords reputation is below vw but still above all cars from italy , france and the us . 
  ford is a us company though . 
  putting tariffs on imports from mexico is not going to help the economy . 
  sorry , no worries !, 
  that 's because the geographical area of new york city is over 7 times that of paris ( 789 km ^ 2 vs 105 km ^ 2 ) . 
  unlike the city limits of paris which only contain the dense urban core , nyc 's city limits spread out much farther and include a lot of low density neighborhoods and single family homes . 
  a more apt comparison would be paris vs manhattan . 
  manhattan is the urban core of nyc and is similar in size to paris ( paris being slightly larger ) but is about 1.3 times as dense . 
  manhattan * appears * to be significantly more dense than it actually is because of its hundreds of high-rises and skyscrapers , but many of those buildings are 100 % office space , especially the most famous ones like the empire state building . 
  when cleaning dishes and getting rid of food scraps and old food it 's way easier to dump it all in the garbage disposal rather than putting it in the trash . 
  plus you do n't have to worry about smelly garbage bins or leaky trash bags . 
  many people do compost but they do it all themselves . 
  municipal composting is n't very common here and in most places in the us it 's more cost effective to have the pipes transport the garbage away than have trucks remove it . 
  i went to scotland a few years ago and never got around to trying one . 
  the other day i saw them in stock in the uk section of my local grocery store . 
  it was $ 2 for one of the smaller bottles but i really wanted to try it so i bought one . 
  the taste is something like a cross between orange soda and red cream soda . 
  it 's definitely unique although i do n't think i liked it that much . 
  when i was in europe i really missed garbage disposals . 
  americans generally see the eu as an ally . 
  the difference between the eu and the us is that membership in the eu is voluntary while membership in the us is permanent . 
  that said , i sincerely hope brexit is not a harbinger of the breakup on the eu . 
  mexico is often excluded from definitions of central america . 
  tenochtitlan ( modern day mexico city ) had a population of about 300,000 just before it was conquered by the spanish . 
  that would have made it one of the largest cities in the world at the time . 
  in the united states there 's no native american city that came anywhere close to that size though . 
  i thought poland was the mexico of europe ? 
  [ the netherlands welcomes trump . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eld2awfn9nc&amp;t ), 
  florida too . 
  something like 60 % of miami residents are native spanish speakers . 
  the vast majority of americans are perfectly happy with being just american . 
  most of the people who make a big deal about their heritage are the ones whose immigrant ancestors are still in living memory ( parents or grandparents ) . 
  most do n't care or even know enough about their family history to care . 
  for example something like 25 million americans are of scottish decent but the majority of them are likely not even aware of it . 
  sure there 's some weirdos who are super into the fact that their 8x great grandfather came from ireland or whatever but that 's why we think they 're weirdos . 
  there are actually a lot of americans who are hostile to the very idea of identifying as a [ hyphenated americans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyphenated_american ) . 
  i imagine it had to do with the us and canada being a lot closer to europe which made them a lot easier to get to than australia . 
  reminds me of [ how new yorkers see themselves ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/b5/10/42/b510423d3f86b92884dc21fe1eb29cee.jpg ) . 
   `` kirkin ' o ' the tartan '' just does not exist in scotland . 
  never heard of that but it 's likely a scottish-american festival . 
  often immigrants to the us would come up with their own traditions that would be called scottish , italian , german , or whatever . 
  over time people end up assuming those traditions have a much older origin . 
   scottish-americans seem fixated on clans without understanding their historical context , or the fact that they bear no relevance to modern day life . 
  i see people say stuff like this on reddit all the time like this is a common thing here . 
  the number of americans of scottish decent in the us is something like 25 million people and the vast majority of them do n't even realize they have scottish ancestry , let alone care enough about it to be interested in scottish culture . 
  conservative americans want to be less like europe because they see it as too liberal . 
  not catholic though . 
  that 's not an option available to most americans . 
  also if you 're no longer a minor then the process to be recognized as an italian citizen can take many years . 
  there 's a lot of documentation that must be gathered for the application and most of the italian consulates in the us have wait times of 1 - 3 years just to submit your application . 
  then you may have to wait a year or more after your appointment to actually be recognized . 
  source : i 'm going through this process right now . 
  `` pretty much zero '' meaning virtually no chance for anyone who does n't have money or some other means not available to the average person . 
  how do you plan on getting a visa without a job offer and a company willing to sponsor you ? 
  americans ca n't just decide to move to europe or canada because they do n't like the political climate . 
  if you do n't have a college degree and a job offer from a company willing to sponsor a visa your chances of moving abroad are pretty much zero . 
   and where do they get by without speaking english ? 
  nyc ? 
  i very much doubt it . 
  what reason would there be to doubt that ? 
  there are countless communities across the united states where chinese , korean , vietnamese , and arabic ( along with many others ) speaking immigrants live out their lives without having to learn english . 
  the biggest example is spanish . 
  the united states has more spanish speakers than any other country in the world after mexico and colombia . 
  roughly 50 % of native spanish speakers in the us do n't know any english . 
  i live in atlanta which has a sizable spanish speaking immigrant population and there are countless businesses , services , markets , etc. 
  that cater specifically to spanish speakers .
