  i do n't think this tradition is american in origin . 
  a varsity team is a sports team that represents a school . 
  it comes from an old british word that was short for university . 
  you can drive your parents ' car . 
  it 's also not uncommon to get your own car . 
  i 've never heard of anyone in real life having a sweet sixteen party . 
  to me it 's something that only happens on tv . 
  my company has really good benefits but unfortunately not everyone is so lucky . 
  paid holidays are automatically set in advance so you do n't need to ask for the day off in advance . 
  everyone gets the day off . 
  by ` holiday ' we mean literal holidays like christmas or thanksgiving . 
  for example , christmas is a holiday and most professional jobs will give employees the day off for christmas , so you 'll get paid for that . 
  but in addition to paid holidays you also have certain number of pto days which you can use for whatever reason you want . 
  for those you ususally ask in advance . 
  `` hi , boss , in two weeks i want to take 3 days of pto . '', 
  does that make sense ? 
  it 's a type of soda . 
  root beer is relatively unknown outside the us and canada . 
  it 's an acquired taste and people who did n't grow up drinking it tend to not like it very much . 
  root beer is not a type of cola . 
  the flavor is completely different . 
  root beer never has alcohol in it . 
  it 's a type of soda . 
   oh , and americans often only have up to two weeks of sick leave , like being sick is something you can control how long you will be . 
  the * average * us worker gets 2 weeks off from work ( 10 days ) each year . 
  this is usually in addition to paid holidays like christmas , new year 's day , thanksgiving , etc. 
  so total time off will usually be more . 
  there are many companies that offer a lot more than 2 weeks though . 
  most companies do n't have `` sick days '' . 
  you just have a specific number of days of pto ( paid time off ) , and you can use those days for whatever reason you want . 
  where i work i get 4 weeks of pto , plus 9 paid holidays , plus 4 `` floating holidays '' which are basically extra pto days . 
   i think a lot of people see the first nations as victims of american colonists `` first nations '' is n't really used in the us . 
  it 's more canadian . 
   when i got older i was surprised to learn that nowadays the name is considered insulting in the usa depends . 
  `` native american '' is the pc term but there are many who do n't mind being called indian . 
   and from my perspective , thanksgiving is just an additional yearly spit in the face . 
  thanksgiving is a quasi-religious harvest festival that originated from the puritans . 
  the connection to native americans is mostly mythical . 
  roughly two thirds of americans do n't own a gun . 
  of the ones that do , only a small percentage of those are really into `` gun culture '' . 
  i think roughly half the guns in the country are owned by a relatively small percentage of people . 
  i own several guns but it 's been many years since i 've used any of them . 
  they mostly stay unloaded and in storage . 
  to be fair trump is only president because of the crazy way we elect presidents . 
  he lost the popular vote by 3 million . 
   americans talking about fighting for freedom while never having to fight on their own soil against an overwhelmingly strong enemy . 
  we did have that revolution thing . 
  it 's not commonly used in the us but it 's not something you would ever call someone in casual conversation . 
  it would be considered very offensive . 
  nobody really says indigo . 
  it 's only really there to make [ roygbiv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roygbiv ) work . 
   it 's one of the few american states with what i consider a pleasant climate . 
  maine can be pleasant but most of the year it is not . 
  summers in maine are nice but very short . 
  coastal maine can experience chilly summers where it gets cold enough to require a jacket . 
  maine winters are brutal . 
  even in the us the superhero idea is kind of dated . 
  they 've experienced a resurgence lately but they 're all from the golden and silver age of comic books . 
  once disney milks all the money they can from the marvel movies i think superheroes will decline in popularity again . 
  why is crime so low in germany ? 
  it 's against the rules . 
   it 's pretty uncommon for gardens in the us to have fruits and vegetables that 's not true at all . 
  it 's not like everyone has a vegetable garden but it 's definitely not uncommon for someone to have one . 
  my understanding is that western and eastern europe are more cultural labels than geographical . 
  western europe is catholic and eastern europe is orthodox . 
  do you live in a rural area or a place with not many tall buildings ? 
  no , the numbering just skips 13 . 
  so the 14th floor is really the 13th floor . 
  hawaiian pizza is a canadian invention . 
  it has a different taste . 
  it 's interesting how indian food is not nearly as popular in the us as it is in the uk considering the indian populations in each of our countries is similar percentage wise and neither country had a significant indian population prior to world war 2 . 
  us : 1 % ( 2.8 million ) uk : 2.8 % ( 1.4 million ) good indian food is not hard to find in the us , especially if you live in a larger city , but in the uk it seems to be much more integrated into the local cuisine . 
  a friend of mine used to live in serbia and when he was back home in the us some of his serbian friends came to visit . 
  he asked them what they wanted to do while they were here and the top thing on their list was to go to a diner `` where they keep refilling your coffee '' . 
  i thought that was pretty great . 
  i wish our parks were free but i understand why some of them charge a fee . 
  it 's worth it though , especially if you stay multiple days . 
  the annual pass can be shared by 2 people who do n't have to be related . 
  with the pass you can get 3 other adults in for free , or an entire vehicle of people in for free if the charge is per vehicle . 
  children are always free . 
  most national parks do n't have an entrance fee but a lot of the more popular ones do , such as the grand canyon . 
  the fees help maintain the park because the park system is extremely popular but underfunded . 
   but the fact that almost all rooms are shared takes the fun out of it a bit . 
  a lot of older schools will have shared rooms but newer campus housing is often more apartment style with several people sharing an apartment but each person having their own private bedroom . 
  the university i went to was like that and did n't have any shared rooms . 
  is maple syrup common in europe ? 
  that could be a possibility . 
  what 's with all the self-loathing americans on here ? 
  europe is a great place but it 's no utopia . 
  this seems like something you could easily google . 
  the hardest thing for me to adjust to in the uk was how everything closes so damn early . 
  i know this is n't just a uk thing but i experienced it the most there . 
  it seemed like whenever i needed to run out and get something everything was already closed . 
   i believe the italian american restaurants do n't get even close to what the same ingredients would have been cooked in italy . 
  that 's because most of them are italian-american restaurants , which is its own distinct cuisine . 
  most italian food in america is influenced by the southern italian immigrants that came over in the late 1800s and early 1900s . 
  today most italian communities in the us have disappeared and most italian-americans are fully integrated into american society so there is far less incentive to keep cuisine authentic . 
  however there is a desire among americans to eat more authentic italian food so you may start seeing italian restaurants in the us serving more authentic dishes in the future . 
   the pizza wo n't be able to rise in the oven and get crispy as it should . 
  my experience with italian pizza is that the crust is soggy .
