not only that , a sunday early evening . 
  even if people had extremely busy social lives there is n't much to do at that time, 
  i started reading from left to right and top to bottom so greece was last . 
  it went like this : `` huh , they call everyone poor , let 's see what they say about us '' `` oh . '', 
  i think the point that i was making that northern people were showing hatred towards my nation was pretty clear , there was no way to misunderstand it . 
  call it xenophobia , call it racism , it does n't change anything . 
  the idea was that people from northern europe were attacking greeks everywhere on these subs , regularly on a personal level in rather immature ways . 
  thankfully the majority grew out of that hatred based rhetoric eventually . 
  usually people use xenophobia as `` i do n't like foreign people in general '' or `` i do n't want them in my country '' since the words making it ( \u03be\u03ad\u03bd\u03bf\u03c2 + \u03c6\u03cc\u03b2\u03bf\u03c2 ) mean `` afraid of strangers '' . 
  in this case there is n't any fear of strangers , just hatred based on stereotypes , which is a lot closer to the definition of racism as stereotyping a whole group and discrimination against it . 
  it 's also widely accepted that racism is not only about racial discrimination but also ethnic discrimination , the un for example groups those two together . 
  we just lack a better popular word for it . 
  why is that important ? 
   i ca n't imagine how greeks and to a lesser extent portuguese and spanish must have felt a few years ago , seeing all that vitriol and hate , those sweeping generalisations and the appalling lack of empathy in so many threads on the financial crisis . 
  i stopped coming to this sub and other politics related subs for quite a while to be honest , the blatant racism everywhere ( mostly in other politics subs to be fair ) was funny at the start but it sure was n't after a while . 
  you can read that you are lazy after working your ass all day and laugh at it but it stops being funny after a few dozen times . 
   the government killed another referendum proposed by the opposition which concerned other matters through illegal means ( up to and including physical intimidation ) could i get some more info on this ? 
  i do n't know much about the politics in hungary unfortunately . 
   troy i 3000 -- 2600 bc ( western anatolian eb 1 )  troy ii 2600 -- 2250 bc ( western anatolian eb 2 )  troy iii 2250 -- 2100 bc ( western anatolian eb 3 [ early ] )  troy iv 2100 -- 1950 bc ( western anatolian eb 3 [ middle ] )  troy v : 20th -- 18th centuries bc ( western anatolian eb 3 [ late ] )  troy vi : 17th -- 15th centuries bc  troy vih : late bronze age , 14th century bc  troy viia : c. 1300 -- 1190 bc , most likely setting for homer 's story  troy viib1 : 12th century bc  troy viib2 : 11th century bc  troy viib3 : until c. 950 bc  troy viii : c. 700 -- 85 bc  troy ix : 85 bc -- c. 
  ad 500 damn they really wanted to build at that spot , i remembered that they were multiple layers of ruins but i did n't expect so many of them, 
  as if the endless eight were n't bad enough already now i imagine them with rajoy instead of kyon, 
  i see this `` even as a german speaker '' about being in greece a lot on reddit , i 'd like to point out that i 've not met anyone that hates germans in general . 
  some politics related stuff sure but that 's as far as it goes - and nobody will really start talking about politics with tourists either way . 
  i think he was talking in context for greece , where there are rather important issues with the far right wing parties in terms of corruption , open support of fascism and criminal activity . 
  he 's talking about golden dawn , an openly nazi supporting ( as in they have swastikas tattooed on them , they have nazi flags etc ) armed group of thugs that turned into a political party just a few years ago . 
  he 's not talking about people that talk about limiting immigration . 
  it 's worth it to always remember that each country has its own political parties and that while the far right might be normal in some countries it 's not always as civilized in others . 
  even most far right parties in the rest of europe consider it defamatory to even compare them with golden dawn . 
  people jump off bridges regularly , it 's not news unfortunately . 
  it 's news when something weird happens . 
  it 's also worth noting that we hear about stories like that as well , just at the end of the news report instead of as a main subject . 
  i remember hearing about a similar story from the us last year for example . 
  if a german gets a machete and starts hacking people in the middle of the street you can bet as much as you like that i 'll be hearing it on my country 's news in a few hours as a main subject . 
  hell , we even get news about crimes happening in non-european countries if they are weird enough . 
  it 's not racism that got the fact that a dude grabbed a machete and chopped people up was reported , it 's just that the crime is extreme enough to be put on the news . 
   arabic welcome i have a hunch that it 's `` welcome '' in arabic . 
   facebook slash uhh why not just link to it ? 
  yeah but it still does n't change elections that much . 
  eu wanted nd for greece for example , they lost - twice . 
  same thing for the referendum . 
  eu wanted clinton for us , she lost . 
  eu wanted brexit to not pass , it passed . 
  eu wanted erdogan for turkey , he won for a lot of times in a row . 
  whether eu 's opinion on any of these was good or not is not part of what i 'm saying btw , i just want to show that they do n't influence stuff as much as you make it seem . 
  it might not be exactly eu 's fault . 
  i mean the dude is kinda ruling the country for as long as i remember knowing about turkey 's politics , it might not be just a few journalists making people vote for him , someone 's actually moving his hands to throw the vote in there . 
  i do n't know if i have misunderstood how influencial eu is in turkey , i thought it had less influence than on countries that are in the union . 
  if i 'm wrong about it and somehow eu is more influencial there than inside the eu itself please correct me , that 's why i am asking after all . 
  could you explain how eu is at fault that turkish people vote for someone like erdogan ? 
  i am a bit confused here . 
  journalists can see whatever they want , at the end of the day the people choose to vote whatever they want to vote - whether we like what that is or not . 
  we saw it happening multiple times in multiple countries lately where the people voted something or someone that was n't widely popular with journalists , why is that different for turkey ? 
  i fail to see how `` 38 percent '' can have `` only '' after it by the way , 38 percent is a lot of votes . 
  high enough to not be worth it for the low amount of extra blood donations . 
  they are doing extra screenings obviously but limiting the number to only those that lie on the check box reduces the cost quite a lot . 
  most hospitals that are organizing blood donations are not rolling in cash , every euro saved is worth it - and i say it as someone that has been denied ( without carrying any disease ) to donate blood before . 
  i like how people from the same countries write opposite stuff . 
  a dude above wrote that in portugal people are expected to keep their shoes on , you say that it 's a `` big no no '' . 
  just like someone wrote that in greece everyone expects you to remove your shoes which is also really far away from what i 've experienced , i only know of a handful of houses that have a `` shoes off '' thing going on . 
   cyprus ( does this count ? 
  wait , why would n't it ? 
  i get the `` does it count '' for turkey ( which is pretty easy in this context , they should just base it on what part of turkey they went to ) but why would cyprus not count ? 
  oh it 's far from meh alright . 
  both for sounds and for the learning experience itself finnish are the most fun i 've had learning a language - and i 'm on my 5th or 6th ( depending on whether `` i learned some french , got a few degrees but then ca n't speak at all 10 years later '' counts as well ) one . 
  anything from the way it sounds to the fact that its grammar is a mixed bag of `` what the fuck is that '' and perfectly predictable stuff make the experience rather special , it 's an adventure to learn, 
  i love the sound of finnish . 
  i studied it for a few years because of a random whim and it was the most fun i 've had learning a language , mostly because of the way it sounds, 
  i might be jumping to conclusions but it seems like you are making it seem like it 's offensive to be compared with people from other countries or nations around . 
  that seems a bit weird to me to be honest , i never felt offended when i was misunderstood for someone from a different country when i used to live abroad - and it has happened many times . 
  either way , the answer is no . 
  most turks i know have some similarities with arabs but they are n't strong enough similarities to be considered one group . 
  i do n't recall anyone grouping them together either , neither in greece where we are a bit closer nor in other european countries i 've lived in . 
  i find it rather interesting that most comments say that it 's not popular in their country but if you search about it on their country 's alexa page it 's usually on the first or second page there . 
  people probably are n't open about it in discussions , i ca n't remember the last time i talked about it with someone either, 
  a day late but i have a relevant answer so here it goes : i was delayed quite a lot ( around 15 minutes ? ), 
  when i went to london two years ago , even though i was obviously there for tourism . 
  that was in gatwick airport . 
  it seemed like it was a personal issue the one that was checking me had against my country because when i called a colleague of hers since i was confused about why this was happening i was quickly allowed to pass . 
  the lady that was checking my papers said some rather impolite comments against greeks after i passed as well . 
  during the check the excuse was that they were checking my papers but she was n't really doing anything at the time and i never had any issue with my id in any other airport in europe . 
  why are you asking specifically for uk btw ? 
  not printed ones , no . 
  most of the pictures are usually medium sized ones in painted wood like the ones / u/argyrius linked . 
  churches used to give out some small books ( like a smartphone in size ) with a lot of printed pictures of saints , a calendar and some photos of people that are helping in the church ( mostly priest , volunteers , employees of the cafeteria and a few people that donated a lot ) . 
  i have n't seen them giving those in the past few years though and i do n't recall seeing anything like it in homes i 've been to , so they might have stopped printing them . 
  i 've seen russian tourists having printed ones though , which i found rather interesting , mostly because i would n't take anything that is n't essential when i travel, 
  we do n't have one in our home , but we are n't religious so it probably does n't help you . 
  what might interest you is that i worked in the last census a few years ago and had to visit a lot of houses for it . 
  in those visits i only saw crosses or pictures in houses of older people ( and pictures of saints in the house of a priest , but that 's to be expected i guess ) and even then not all of them . 
  my grandmother used to have crosses and pictures of saints ( not jesus though ) in the hallway as well around a decade or so ago . 
  trying to speak as in `` trying to learn the language '' or `` saying words they 've read from a book '' ? 
  i like it a lot when people are trying to learn a language i speak , including my native one . 
  it 's fun helping them with words they might not know or making small corrections ( if they want me to do so ) . 
  i 've met people from many countries trying to learn greek , including native english speakers ( i do n't really understand why you limited it to native english speakers only by the way ) , and it 's cool keeping a conversation with them to help them practice . 
  simply throwing random words they 've read from a book is a bit weird though . 
  i can either reply in greek leaving them confused since they wo n't understand anything or reply in english leaving me confused on why they prepared a greek sentence in advance . 
  greetings are always welcomed of course but any more than that should probably be kept in a language where they can understand the reply . 
  for example i 've had a family ask me in greek where the local ice cream shop is and they clearly could n't understand the directions i was giving them until i switched to english . 
  it was a bit funny to be honest , who prepares a `` where is the local ice cream shop ? '', 
  in advance when they travel ?
