  1 most used browser '' . 
  eu1 password = password, 
  story time !, 
  you ca n't be racist against gay people . 
  ukip is pretty much a non-party . 
  ( not directed at you but this would be the perfect comback after farage said that ), 
  caliphate of brussels !, 
  remember that the us is n't one voice either and has been at war with `` itself '' . 
  most modern greeks are turks . 
  atleast hitler thought the same . 
  if they then want somebody to clean it they should pay more . 
  if he ca n't live in london with that money ... why does n't he leave london ? 
  i know these kind of people personally . 
  even if you gave them 50k a year , their regular expenses will rise to that level and then they still spend `` extra '' during the month so by the end they ca n't pay their regular ones . 
  almost every country has farming funds to make sure there is never a food deficit , however that is n't the reason now anymore and has become more of a political problem . 
  your `` solution '' would not be a solution because you have to view the missing money as a percentage and next year the percentage will probably be the same . 
  stop increasing the budget without saving money for individual states . 
   that saves the government some $ 1 billion annually why is the government being saved money ? 
  let 's blame the french !, 
  revenue tax ?!, 
  are you out of your mind !, 
  fucking get this ukip shit off reddit . 
  yea , pretty sad article and i 'm ashamed it 's upvoted here so much . 
  it 's like / r/politics . 
  lol , usa is n't total capitalism , does n't matter how much it likes to pretend it is . 
  there would n't be any government it it was . 
  not centre-left ... more like centre-right . 
  `` in recent years we have spawned companies that have changed the way you consume music , how you decorate your home and how you get to work . 
  spotify , ikea and volvo are all swedish companies , with a swedish way of doing business - and they are all billionaires . '', 
   spotify wtf , it 's not even profitable yet ( or * very * low profit ) not a good example . 
  eu -  lots of racism against black people in the eastern parts . 
  do n't fucking do this `` omg american republicans are so stupid '' bullshit . 
  getting sick of the circlejerk on this . 
  i 'm ashamed that your comment is upvoted so much . 
  the us is still a less racist society than the eu as a whole . 
  you do n't even know the meaning of the words you have said . 
  according to you almost all countries would leave and the couple that are left will be a federation ... ? 
  here , because they 're both single-markets . 
  single-market , fuck that amirite ? 
  you do n't see states in the us doing this to companies incorporated in other states . 
  do n't dare to bring up the texas-amazon debacle , that was about sales tax . 
  guys ... 
  i have a great idea !, 
  a eurasiafriameripacindian superstate !, 
  for the americans : liberal in the british , not the american , sense . 
  i 'd rather have a pm . 
  `` hezbollah is a legitimately elected government . '', 
  you 're being fucking serious ? 
  people are taking anti-establishmentism to a new level . 
  getting sick of fucking extremist youths that are at the same time extreme right and left . 
  cool , new euro notes with faces . 
  thought the buildings were getting ... a bit bland . 
  not a race . 
  they probably had to choose a gender , so they chose the better one ( joke , for the lame people who do n't get it ) . 
  did ford really have to be named `` us car giant '' , like anyone does n't know what ford is . 
  uhm ... anyone can still enter and live in any other area in the eec without a visa . 
  people in the us make it a ridiculous big deal , it just seems we are less pragmatic and care less about it . 
  i 've never seen my birth certificate and i do n't know anyone who has . 
  i do n't even know why i would ever need it . 
  i hate flodder , always have and always will . 
  meh , i think there should just be one ( or a few , like english ; german ; and french ) anyway . 
  add water-neighboors . 
  no , because it 's a fucking bullshit . 
  do n't link to fucking rt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  i 'd rather read than listen to this . 
  and you 're a bit quick to choose a side on this . 
  did n't need to have the title editorialised . 
  `` respect for iran from serbia !, 
  ! no ww3 for israhell !!, 
  ! we know the zionist filthy power of the world !, 
  ! europeans and americans will wake up and suport iran !!! '', 
  seriously ... eastern europe is racist . 
  yep , we know ... for a while now . 
  why would you want a lowly qa tester to have experience ... you just need someone who can write and do mindnumbing work for hours . 
  we do n't need 27 freaking commisioners just so every country can give a commisioner ... sigh . 
  just because someone makes a stupid movie does n't mean anybody but that person agrees with it 's messages , fucking idiots . 
  in 50 years everybody will have their own country if everybody keeps wanting to seperate from eachother . 
  the situation for greece would have been the same or worse if they 'd never even had the euro . 
  add an airbus . 
  so what did they do ? 
  a magical spell that poofs it away ? 
  probably turned into pig food ... there is n't really `` waste '' . 
  lol , manned military combat planes will be obsolete within 10 years . 
  that 's because zalm got the guilder 10 % undervalued . 
  how did know about operation pork cloud mexico ? 
  dutch accents are worse , atleast your language sounds like a mix of german and english . 
  their view of heaven is very simplistic . 
  and not doing `` sinful '' things now just to be allowed to do them later would n't get you there anyway . 
  i 've seen one peugeot in japan ... 
  ok , i get it now . 
  well , and it actually * literary * gives money to the uk . 
  i know , just pulling your leg . 
  the royalty gives the uk money . 
  ice ice baby . 
  yea ... isps ... not media companies . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mknrfmyjcvo :(, 
  lol , `` occupy '' . 
  lol , arrogance of the euro-sceptic . 
  this is n't about freedom of speech , this is just a publicity stunt and i disagree with it just because i think it 's amoral and childish . 
  not saying they should ban it but i just think it 's very childish , they 're not trying to make a point .
