  there was a proposed law ( ? ), 
  to change that so that even they have to show where their money 's from . 
  they blocked that ( ca n't find article atm ) . 
  but geert wilders own income is atleast 102k a year ( salary for being a member of parlement ) , not that i think there 's something wrong with that but they just do n't mention it on the website to make eump 's salary look larger . 
  so ... 18.30 is late ? 
  hardcore for life !, 
  what 's wrong with eating at 18.30 ? 
  meanwhile , do n't mention how much wilders makes and against having to show where their money comes from . 
  this problem would n't exist if people did n't exist . 
  i 've honestly never seen a check in my life . 
  ron paul 2012 , am i right ? 
  lol , nothing big will happen ... again . 
  `` ex \u00b7 ploit/ik \u02c8sploit / verb : make full use of and derive benefit from ( a resource ) '' with this definition , every employment is exploitation because companies make use of and derive benefit from an employee . 
  do n't misuse the word `` exploit '' please . 
  it does n't mean mistreat . 
  pretty much just means ` use ' . 
  wtf did uk do ... that 's insane . 
  also , ireland :|, 
  yea , but japan has problems of it 's own less superficial . 
  it does trickle down , but overseas . 
  fuck you . 
  you probably also use the term `` banksters '' and read alternet . 
  xxi , not xix . 
  more mellow ? 
  seriously ? 
  they 're shouting doom and gloom all the time . 
  stupid idea . 
  no thanks , i do n't like oversimplified `` occupy '' bullshit . 
  some dutch do the same . 
  i 'm getting sick of all these half-assed attempts that lead to nowhere . 
  everybody knows that something big must be done , either way . 
  just do something . 
  get rt the fuck out of here . 
  it 's made for americans . 
  everybody knows what they mean , and would n't give an wrong answer because of trying to look smart . 
  yea , but people did n't answer it wrong because they wanted to be a smartass . 
  [ lol ] ( http://images.wikia.com/flags/images/0/0b/eu_flag_usa.png ), 
  i think he really is ... 
  for witchhunts . 
  dude , yea ... that will totally help internet right  human lives amirite ? 
  socialists / communists are n't really in favor of human right ... you know ? 
  is n't there some kind of liberal ( traditional meaning ) progressive centrist party in germany ? 
  what 's even wrong with downloading a spanner ? 
  it 's not like the idea of a spanner is under anyone 's ownership ... like what the fuck ? 
  marxist.com sounds like very reliable source . 
  i might have to chance the post to : `` not like they did anything to influence the vote '' . 
  but this way they wo n't get any income ... 
  it does n't even make sense from a business standpoint . 
  i could make a poster and print and publish it , but it wo n't mean that i influenced the vote . 
  i do n't believe that influenced the vote . 
  in dutch it kind of is , so i guess he might have confused it ... 
  being belgian . 
  unless he 's german / french speaking and then i would n't know . 
  not like they did anything ... 
  do n't fucking link to rt , especially concerning russia . 
  fuck this , this is a direct result of fucking stupid kids . 
  this happened throughout all of mankind . 
  i like digital euros . 
  does n't work like that . 
  i really do n't understand that ... who would even be interrested in buying that ? 
  unless everything else is even tanking more . 
  i do n't understand what she wants . 
  maybe there is n't an area with over 90 % blonde people . 
  american like constitution , with most social powers still in power of the states . 
  i do n't view germany 's past relevant on how i view it 's current place is the world . 
  yes , because that 's still relevant . 
  fraud !, 
  just as exciting as real football !, 
  it 's a socialist circlejerk here on reddit , do n't worry about it . 
  the recent rising of extremist parties over europe is making me anxious . 
  i have n't said that . 
  stop these stupid headlines , the crime was not the possession of half a lemon . 
  the crime was supossedly supporting terrorism , in which the half a lemon was used as evidence . 
  spain is an artificial problem . 
  all money is garanteed up to 100k . 
  it 's safe . 
  guess i would be that . 
  but sociol and economics should be on two seperate axis , thus creating a 3d chart . 
  `` this way we 'll be masters of europe . '', 
  are those photos ? 
  that will be the first bills i 've seen with photos instead of illustrations on them , pretty cool . 
  atleast show the old designs ... like [ this ] ( http://numismondo.com/pm/nld/nldp.91b10gulden25.4.1968cl1.jpg ), 
  you are a descendent of africans , like everybody else . 
  atleast superbowl commercials are funny and special , these commercials will be just commercials . 
  as for the actual content i do n't really care about either . 
  might even be unsubscribing from / r/europe because of the anti-american circlejerk . 
  `` americans are so stupid , they do n't even know where x is '' - a lot of europeans . 
  youths is a word . 
  i was thinking i was getting too many upvotes and thought people were taking it seriously , so i added that . 
  there way too many anti-business people on reddit . 
  also in real life , way too many communistic youths that do n't even know what communism is and think it 's about higher taxes on the rich & businesses . 
  yea , because businesses are bad !, 
  down with the businesses !, 
  ( this is sarcasm ), 
  search without the `` the '' . 
  you get : dutch are from what country dutch are from dutch are tall dutch are famous for, 
  good , sick of these half-asses attempt when we all know either one will be happening . 
  i hope not the latter one . 
  the less people that see this douchebag , the less votes he 'll get in the next election . 
  because japan does ... ?
