  gas , not oil . 
  do n't listen to gasland shit . 
  more like the other way around ... 
  except that that 's illegal and wo n't happen and you have no understanding of public financing . 
  they pretend christmas-eve is christmas . 
  only because it already had the facilities left from the cold war ... building new ones is pretty expensive ... 
  but until energy storage gets better , it 's pretty much the choice between nuclear and coal , where coal is the cheapest one by far . 
  downloading it creates demand ... even if not monetary . 
   a real pedophile true scotsman fallacy relevant to pedophiles now ? 
  maybe they 'll do another one on top of it . 
  saying that she should defend russia next time so there wo n't be allegations that she was told to be critical against russia because there were allegations that they were never critical against russia . 
  polish will never accept russian vodka as true wodka . 
  china wo n't do anything . 
  this is n't the 40s , the number of soldiers does n't matter that much anymore . 
  it 's still only a fraction of us/nato, 
  uhm ... china 's army is shit . 
  instead of saving the natural gas ( for later and national use ) , the netherlands decided to quickly sell everything for cheap ... 
  so now there 's not much left . 
   implying african countries are n't big ? 
  more to do with croatia imo . 
  holy fucking circlular reasoning together with some irrelevant argumentation . 
  watch ` how china fooled the world ' ( not that i got my viewpoint from that but it 's a nice package ) and stop hyping china . 
  with happy he means content , which according to your own statistics ( good + undecided ) they are . 
  putting more money in the eu than getting out directly has hardly anything to do with the economical benefits . 
  their, 
  do n't read rt. 
  | netherlands | germany --------- | --------- | --------- private debt percentage of gdp in 2012 | 221.2 | 115.3 government spending percentage of gdp | 45.9 | 43.7 tax burden as percentage of gdp | 40.6 | 39.8 private debt is mostly mortgages . 
  a loss of net worth while not lowering debt ( house prices falling ) will have ( and is having ) a significant higher effect here than in germany , which is doing well , i think everybody can agree on that atleast . 
  the economy was artificially inflated by private debt in mortgages for a while and now it 's somewhat deflating , and now you want to artificially inflate the economy which government debt , which when you say it like that everybody on reddit would go `` omg economy is n't doing great it 's just the government pumping money to artificially inflate the economy '' . 
  so yes , i do think it has some effect on the economy , but i do n't think that spending is the way out of it . 
  best would be to just shock the economy so you get one pretty bad year and then you have a real rise , but that would be political suicide for anyone to announce , and it 's too late anyway . 
   has a lot to do with decreased government spending . 
  no , this is false . 
  it 's because low consumer spending because of falling housing prices because of government-inflated housing prices by giving mortgages interests tax-deductions . 
  byebye to free trade . 
  lol, 
  cern has nothing to do with iter . 
  the only relation between the two is that it has to do with physics . 
  great . 
  and there are hundreds of books published which say the opposite . 
  and hundreds of books which agree with this view . 
  luckily , we have hundreds of arm-chair economists here on reddit to confirm this guy 's view . 
  have you ever looked at the interest rates in the last 3-5 years ? 
  and i meant the eu hq ( just so no-one comes and goes '' blablabla google hq is in cali ) . 
  they 're probably counting something like `` urban area '' instead of the actual number of people inside an area of that name on a political map . 
  google hq is in dublin , nowhere near switzerland . 
  context : in may this year switzerland has to allow work-permit-free eu immigration from all eu countries except ( afaik ) romania & bulgaria . 
  the result of being closer to western europe . 
  only since like a year ago , right ? 
  hint : it was both . 
  meaningless . 
  because usually it 's used retrospectively . 
  rolling stone is of course , very unbiased . 
  even more , it was only for 3 years . 
  he was never the head of goldman sachs europe . 
  draghi was then vice chairman and managing director of goldman sachs international and a member of the firm-wide management committee . 
  which was for 3 years . 
  he has worked at central banks for more than ( afaik ) 15 . 
  they were arrested , idiot . 
  you mean ... like / r/politics ? 
  but the lgbt community also uses that word ... 
  you must be bleeding of edgyness . 
  that 's bullshit that secessionists make up . 
  no , this website should include that so we do n't call bs . 
  eu law is always above national law if they conflict . 
  yea , this page does n't actually show any piece of the legislation ... 
  that 's genius . 
  such compression rate . 
  what algo do you use ? 
   cure eeeeeh ... kinda . 
  love the sinner hate the sin so they should n't hate you , but `` what you do '' . 
  by revolt i did n't mean like a full on revolution ... just protests and parliamentary actions . 
  if he would do a serious crime like murder , people would revolt anyway probably . 
  because his comment does n't add anything . 
  thx, 
  what, 
  double photoshop , photoshop to make it seem like it was photoshopped too make the publication look bad . 
  this guy does n't know what neoconservative means . 
  except that the cultural and political unities were only created after the creation of the state . 
  not that i agree with the  we need open borders , not just in the uk , but all over the world . 
  thing ... 
  qmv is only since this year . 
  and this would require one of the most important parts of the eu to be changed ... 
  we 're talking in english , not spanish . 
  property of the crown ! = property of the queen . 
  sending money to nl and then to hq does n't really reduce taxes . 
  two seperate issues . 
  dat russian diversity !, 
  low cash export tax . 
   what are unclassified transactions ? 
  exporting money from non-eu-companies ' eu subsidiaries to their hqs because dutch cash export tax is low . 
  hmmm ... 
  governments are treating it the same as users . 
  god , bitcoin adherers are retarded . 
  2nd world *, 
  russia : no gas for you !, 
  there is no shortage . 
  shut the fuck up . 
   as an american blablabla citizens united amirite ?!, 
  superpacs amirite ?!,
