  it 's only up because of the empathy for the tsunami . 
  south korea :| . 
  the french will cry ... again . 
  cool , i 'm kinda busy with studying so too lazy to do that . 
  adjust for relative gdp please . 
  i do n't care about it anymore ... 
  the eurozone wo n't be destroyed . 
  let them out and deal with their own shit . 
  you guys also made salad fingers , which is also good ,, 
  i fucking hate anarchists . 
  inflation = more money for the same work , too . 
  i never said there were n't too many parties in the netherland either . 
  seems like there are waaaaaaay too many parties . 
  everybody , stand up . 
  take your hats of and put your hand on your chest . 
  yes , this is the most important thing happening in europe right now . 
  the comments make my brain melt . 
  us states are more independent and different from eachother than you might think . 
  then ... what about essex ? 
  is n't the qe decided by the mpc ? 
  uk ca n't just print money . 
  and uk ca n't print money anyway , the central bank does ... which is a private corporation with a single responsibility : keeping inflation at the same rate as thegovernment 's rpi ( retail price index ) . 
  us just had a monthly surplus fyi . 
  nice . 
  but you have to travel way more . 
  payscale is n't really trustable , but engineering salaries are indeed a lot higher in the us . 
  does n't matter , they have the largest fund in the world . 
  well , atleast it 's better than being penis norway/sweden . 
  lets spend even less !, 
  why is the netherlands always the boring one :( . 
  know what i 'm talking aboot , eh ? 
  fuck pirate parties in any and all ways . 
  nice timing ... 
  well , did anyone expect anything different ? 
  european people always act like they 're smarter than the americans , but in reality it 's all the same . 
  was planning to go to canada in the future anyway . 
  too many far-right extremists here . 
  echo reminds me of sara bareilles kinda . 
  * inserts condescending wonka about how original you must be *, 
  [ i 'd rather listen to this than nr . 
  35 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kutkhek7qhm ), 
  sure , if they 're good enough ... second hand i wo n't ever buy a new car anyway . 
  at some point this eurozone-deficit stuff is over an then nobody will be saying that . 
  oh god why ... 
  so only criminals will have them ... and testing your own system in illegal . 
  clueless people , sigh . 
  or from the dutch , 50 % of a new car here is taxes . 
  the only way this works is if you work and live in portugal and your company is spanish and provides your car . 
  is n't whiplash a medical condition ? 
  why does the insurance have to pay that ? 
  i said : next . 
  not now . 
  next they 're going to drive in trucks through town in the night and beat up every muslim they see . 
  they 'll also wear uniforms to the parliament . 
  pretty awesome stuff . 
  thanks for answering the question i had in mind . 
  lol , `` kunst = investeren in de toekomst ( art = investing in the future ) '' . 
  in the end : 800 billion euro and done by 2045 . 
  pvv is not far-right . 
  it 's more centre conservative with racism and xenophobia . 
  yea germany 's pretty cool . 
  nice economy you got there . 
  omg , german nationalism !, 
  nazi !, 
  / notsrs i heard that even the smallest bit of nationalism ( ` cept in football ) is looked down upon . 
  yea , seems like a whole lot of butthurt eu - bashing to me . 
  greek debtors want more . 
  if no debt gone , debtors get no money & greece no money . 
  if some debt gone , debtors get some money & greece get money . 
  many debtors want some money more than no money , so debtors & greece happy because they both get some money . 
  to be fair , our country used to be called kingdom of holland ( shortened : holland ) for some time . 
  lol, 
  well , there was a military dictatorship till 1974 ... 
  i said `` was n't '' . 
  greece was n't viewed as europe ... now it is . 
  i 'm ok with turkey , although they must change a lot still . 
  the market was already collapsing as far as i know . 
  i thought about that too , but if the netherlands wants to do that it should be a global effort , because employers might rather choose someone who 's 23 with a b. in psychology than someone who 's just finished highschool . 
  why would you buy a home in april 2009 ... ... 
  55-60 % at 80k + should be do-able . 
  but should be temporary ( temporary in the law ... not some promise ), 
  i do n't care about people who choose to do a m. philosophy / psychology or some other useless degree and waste public money by doing so . 
  ( and then afterwards become kindergarden teachers . ), 
  programs where there is low market demand for the jobs should be less subsidized than programs with high demand . 
  suddenly : `` crisis ? 
  what crisis ? '', 
  which ... ? 
  which one ... 
  i do n't know what to say ... 
  with 9 million people ? 
  yeah ... , no . 
  his data is most of the time reliable i think ... his interepetation might not be . 
  so ... when you buy it you can get your money back in a couple months ? 
  you can rollover ... the more you know !, 
  the dutch did n't commit genocide . 
  their wrongdoings were that they did n't defend against the genocide . 
  look i just want to add to my original comment . 
  i am not xenophobic and want my country to change the immigration blockage against eastern europeans ( eu ) to be eu compliant ( because it 's not atm ) . 
  we have a labour shortage on farming jobs because we just do n't want to do them , and the politicians do n't want to let eastern europeans in the country for those jobs . 
  ( `` they tuk urr jubz '' ) that said , i do n't know if romania was ready to join the eu ( looking at the requirements ... ) .
