  that was like half a year ago , hardly relevant anymore expect for the aftermath . 
  i possibly misread it as in they get 6 months in addition to the mother 's leave . 
  as opposed to the standard that either ( not both at the same time ) parent can take x months leave ( added together ) . 
  insane . 
  it 's not cheaper food because there are minimum prices to keep the cheaper supply out . 
  chinese can make it for half anyway . 
  free lead included !, 
  19  yay ... oow . 
  so brave . 
  i 'd vote you . 
  to prevent the communist revolution and `` dictatorship of the proletariat ''  . 
  ey yo , can i have my money back , k thx . 
  ( not like i ever pay taxes except for vat ) . 
  i do n't . 
  who voted for you representing us ? 
  finnish trolls , most of them . 
  i do n't know why . 
  why are national parties either anti-eu or pro-half-assed-status-quo ? 
  why are n't there parties that are n't anti-eu but recognize problems and want to change the way the eu works ? 
  i mean , fucking eu-parlement still ca n't introduce bills . 
  we should have a chosen president ( or commissioner w/e ) ... 
  used to use chrome until a couple months ago . 
  was being a memory hog , getting my memory used to 85 % + levels ... out of ( 32bit ... so less than ) 4gb . 
  because google is fucking hard to use , sloth . 
  4k/month is better . 
  why are engineers so underpaid in eu when there 's `` such a high demand '' . 
  it saddens me . 
  i think it jobs in it companies are better and more respected than in non-it companies ... 
  construction industry is n't really booming now . 
  so that 's why nazi-ism is so low in austria compared to germany ? 
   you 're more controlled , oppressed and indoctrinated now than ever were under east european communism . 
  so brave :') . 
  i 'm pretty much against communism but disagree with your views on it . 
  it 's too vague of an idea to grant such adjectives . 
  all modern day communism is some vague idea that nobody agrees on with eachother , but they still want . 
  but only * their * communism and not what someone spouts as `` communism '' and `` is n't * real * communism * . 
  it favors efficiency . 
  could n't someone say that he 's socialist instead ? 
  a new way of populism and incompetence , yay !, 
  it job postings : junior all-round programmer . 
  * must have 5 years experience in it . 
  * must know java , c ( + + / # ) , php and have atleast 3 years of experience in them . 
  * must be ok with overtime , no 9 to 5 mentality . 
  * salary : $ 1500-2000 / month, 
  this post was n't about ` how do we make being gay acceptable in non-accepting countries ' , it was how/where to be safe . 
  straight couples do n't get beaten up in eastern europe for being straight . 
  this post was n't about morals or something like that . 
  it was about reality . 
  internet explorer . 
  ... really ? 
  are you the last person to use that ? 
  amendments ca n't be unconstitutional because they 're part of the constitution . 
  you asked how / where to be safe . 
  i gave an answer . 
  or ... just do n't do gay stuff in public and you 'll be fine . 
  because globalization does n't exist ... you could 've tried that 100 years ago maybe ... 
  it 's not the motto of the us either . 
  `` united we stand ... '' is from aesop , c. 620 -- 564 bc . 
  the eu does n't have to protect privacy of non-citizens anyway ... 
  in theory . 
  forgetting bea , eads ? 
  shiiiit , you still listening to this old crap ? 
  beethoven for life , bitch . 
  represent !, 
  maybe in 15 years ... 
  is there no centre party ? 
  ultimate circlejerk material . 
  so brave . 
  he really was n't as bad as / r/politics and alternet would like you to believe . 
   are the average people much more intelligent in europe than the us ? 
  what many people here would say , sadly : `` yes '' . 
  x would mean no data . 
  the euro changing bar is just the change from the previous year . 
  so like a 3 % increase . 
  conservatism is n't liberalism . 
  then the pension funds would fail . 
  the problem is the housing sector . 
  which was artificially kept up tens of years by inflated housing prices . 
  so brave . 
  `` pay the unemployement '' ... 
  is it not democracy when camaron would say that you should n't vote labour in the next election ? 
  ( and even this is a bad analogy , since camaron is in the executive branch and this guy is in the legislative ), 
  this is n't caused by banking mistakes anymore . 
  that was 4 years ago . 
  this is structural . 
  i would n't invest in france and so think many others , that 's the problem . 
  agreed with the american . 
  the minister seems to be sour grapes-y . 
  let 's solve bad the bad economy , caused by socialist policy , with more socialist policies !, 
  woohoo ( this is how / r/europe thinks ), 
  45 % is not a minority . 
  it 's still the biggest group . 
  i do n't think we need them anyway , really . 
  thing with cc are that they instantly give money to the vendor , whether you really can pay it now or not . 
  it 's also easier to impliment it on websites because of that , most likely . 
  it fails to make a connection between frb and public debt but keeps saying it is . 
  the interest on public debt is not high , so it 's not in itself the problem of the enlarging public debt . 
  the point this video is making is that it wants to go back to `` only the first tap '' . 
  yea ... let 's politicize the central bank and have inflation run wild . 
  [ the zero from france ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6xgnaffbo8 ) ?
