  a company is n't obligated to sell something everywhere . 
  i can fucking sell my shit to only one fucking town in one fucking country ... would that be illegal according to you neckbeards ? 
  immediately assuming the closer the gap the better ... ( no , i 'm not saying the opposite it true either ... just saying for you people who assume that always . ), 
  i rrrrrrrrrrreaaally do n't give a crap about him anymore . 
  fuck it . 
  i know understand it but was reading it wrong or it 's weirdly written . 
  i thought he said sorry to flanders for not including newspapers from it and implying flanders is in the south . 
  i guess the telegraaf , is like the sun . 
  why `` sorry flanders , do n't know the story in the south '' ... 
  if you 're listing the ones from flanders . 
  i have n't been suprised . 
  how much does the average turkish person care about these protests ? 
  yea ... like your date indicates ... we know already . 
  it would be funded by taxes . 
  and saying that article 17 makes taxing illegal is a bit too much libertarian for me . 
  nope . 
  another vid for / r/europe 's fetish for unproven ideas . 
  / r/europe must hate them now ... or wait , it 's another one on the edges of the spectrum , must reddit love them now ? 
   vote via internet ... 
  in a political chamber . 
  brave . 
  you do n't have to use american companies ' services . 
  / r/europe has a weird fetish for socialism , do n't worry . 
  pretty empty statement with good meaning . 
  kaiser rolls !, 
  honestly , it 's pretty much just a cake ... 
  it 's a dirty pleasure , really . 
  that 's what i meant with : it 's not like they would n't be able to drink water anymore , just that they 'd not be able to do it in their home anymore . 
  but yea ... you 're techically correct , even though you should have know i implied that . 
  * women, 
  honestly it 's quite like that . 
  it 's not like they would n't be able to drink water anymore , just that they 'd not be able to do it in their home anymore . 
  just like cutting off someone 's internet would be a major inconvenience for job-hunting for example . 
  but yea , cutting off water is more extreme . 
  read the fucking article . 
  who are still voting for this guy then ? 
  i looked at [ the electoral map ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2011_turkish_general_election_english.svg ) . 
  just ... do it very slowlike . 
  i know many muslim , i do n't know any that go to the mosque / pray 5 times a day . 
  purgatory seems reasonable ... 
  if you 're in purgatory it seems that god/afterlife/whatever exists so why not convert and go to heaven ? 
   the united states where a lot of people are still very catholic us is mostly protestant ... 
  i think we should n't get involved , with all the potential unforeseen consequences and al qaida groups being there , it might turn out like it did with the mujahideen ... 
  how do you know they killed anyone ? 
  this does n't even get upvoted in / r/unitedkingdom . 
  uhm ... pfff ... 
  the black market ? 
  or did you mean : lolol come = ejaculation lolol ? 
  dude ... 
  seriously ? 
  it 's not dangerous or anything . 
  it 's not a ghetto . 
  blown out of proportions , i come there at least ones a week . 
  this only fucking place i ever hear about `` multiculturalism '' is here when people complain about the supposed `` propaganda '' of it . 
  inb4 : `` multicultural propaganda '' , people confusing using the culture front for racism and just pure racism . 
  if the economics were better i would go there ... if only it was for the jamon . 
   that 's a theory is something creationists use . 
  i 'm too late to say `` inb4 : people nagging about supposed `` multiculturalism '' propaganda '' . 
  do n't forget taxes . 
  do belgian women eat their partner after mating ? 
  ugh ... dae straight bananas ? 
  they 're not even germanic ... 
  it 's like nazi-russians . 
  i would 've expected more red in russia . 
  it 's not a * bad * song . 
  atleast it 's not like all the previous years !, 
  have fun ordering a pizza in japan for $ 20 . 
  even if tymoshenko would be pardoned ... she 's still a `` suspect '' of a murder . 
  socialism . 
  they 're only obliged to take the money in case of debt , not at a point of sale . 
  they count up the whole bill and then they round it . 
  it 's not deception if they put a sticker on the counter '' we round to the nearest 5 cent . '', 
  on the counter , like here . 
  he can just refuse that . 
  i would , as a shopowner . 
  uhm ... why would they stop that ? 
  it just gets rounded up to 100 at the counter . 
  not balkans . 
  what 's the attendance rate in romania ? 
  agricultural surplus . 
  this thread is now under control of racists . 
  bit too hopeful , are n't you ? 
  people are idiots here . 
  rt gets upvoted all the time too . 
  it 's like / r/politics with their obsession with alternet and thedailykos or something . 
   natural news . 
  so unbiased . 
  fuck you . 
  government ca n't fix it at this point . 
  it 's because consumers are n't spending . 
  why are n't consumers spending ? 
  they 're insecure about their real estate value ... because that 's been going down since the crisis hit . 
  why is it going down so fast compared to other countries ? 
  because mortage-interest deductions made it more of a bubble than in other countries . 
  yes , the us also has mortage-interest tax deductions , but their house prices are going up now because they bottomed out much faster than our 's . 
  our economy will get better when house prices stabalize . 
  no , it does n't . 
  and fuck gmo-sensationalization . 
  the french and nationalized companies ... 
  * finance minister claims he did n't know about bulgarian fraud of social welfare ( ?
