  fuck zerohedge man ... stop posting this shit please . 
  the tata nano got 0 stars in safety ratings . 
  the labour party is trying to get rid of corbyn now ... will likely go before next election . 
  the eu wanted to put fucking tariffs on chinese steel ( which they are dumping ) . 
  the uk government blocked that idea . 
  good luck getting the tories to subsidise the steel industry . 
  you see that those pictures in the bottom left are the same picture , right ? 
  and now boris johnson , a guy who nobody voted for , will become pm . 
  how ironic . 
  schengen is not the freedom of movement . 
  nobody knows, 
  no he 's not . 
  i think they 'll lose the seats the instant they are n't members anymore . 
  it would n't make sense for a non-member to have representation . 
  but i do n't have a citation either . 
  they left out many regional languages . 
  they have to choose ... 
  i think we all did . 
  they wish they 've gone the way of htc . 
  i only see the word `` multiculturalism '' ever used as a supposed ideology by neo/alt-right-ists, 
  getting a child at 62/63 ... 
  seriously man , at that point you should just think `` na , too late whatever '' . 
  honestly , it 's just cruel tot the child . 
  his/her dad will be 80 + when he/she 's 18 ... 
  how 's this relevant ? 
  music is n't haram , instruments are haram . 
  that 's the logic . 
  misleading title . 
  implies that he did n't get prosecuted/sentenced . 
  almost meaningless when not per-capita . 
  fuck off , cancer . 
  fucking retarded people think they can go around minimum wage with this lol . 
  itt : `` if you want to use violence on those who literally want genocide , you 're just as bad as them . '', 
  nasty ass dutch . 
  gl could spin whatever happens unless they suddenly allow more coal plants or something , imo . 
  30 years in some areas even ... ugh . 
  that guy obviously saw the irony in his own statement . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 !, 
  fucking techno utopists , fuck off . 
  neoliberalism is not leftism, 
  he 's not left-wing though , really ... 
  unless you 're american, 
  `` skinner : well , i was wrong . 
  the lizards are a godsend . 
  lisa : but is n't that a bit short-sighted ? 
  what happens when we 're overrun by lizards ? 
  skinner : no problem . 
  we simply unleash wave after wave of chinese needle snakes . 
  they 'll wipe out the lizards . 
  lisa : but are n't the snakes even worse ? 
  skinner : yes , but we 're prepared for that . 
  we 've lined up a fabulous type of gorilla that thrives on snake meat . 
  lisa : but then we 're stuck with gorillas !, 
  skinner : no , that 's the beautiful part . 
  when wintertime rolls around , the gorillas simply freeze to death . '', 
  actually made me laugh . 
  `` i have neither '', 
  the other guy that replied explained it well enough . 
  that 's not how citizenship works in most countries . 
  yea , do n't repeat the 70s with the ` guestworkers ' ... 
  us election polls were correct nationally ... 
  it probably actually was ... 
  yea , it was more about calling out the idiots who responded to me with sarcastic comments . 
  let the speculation of the attacker 's background begin !, 
  fucking sjws , putting safe spaces in my tag !, 
  big big portion of people would say yes . 
  and critics are entitled to criticize, 
  was pretty funny when in 2011 , the criminality rate of pvv-mps was higher than that of moroccans . 
  they had 11 seats . 
  the biggest scandal !, 
  no , but seriously ... nutella is different everywhere . 
  forcing parties to rule them in is undemocratic . 
  competition in a free market , yes . 
  thinking that multinational corporations choosing where their tax base is , is a free market , is delusional . 
  it will just lead to a race to a bottom since the incentives for politicians are just short-term . 
  `` theory '' now means `` pulled out of my ass '' i would like a theory on what happened with assange 's announced devestating information on russia, 
  meaningless grandstanding, 
  trade with saudi arabia ( weapons , oil ), 
  should 've been alarmed 40 years ago . 
  it 's france, 
  this is more a china approach , imo . 
  [ putin even pretty much admitted to it ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31796226 ), 
  the slippery slope argument is not something you can call to strengthen your argument ... 
  it 's a fallacy . 
  more like emmanuel goldstein, 
  that was n't the polls , just wrong interpretation . 
  i 've never seen a feminist defend the burqa so i do n't know why you think this comment is relevant . 
  i 've never seen or heard it in my social environment so it does n't happen . 
  and there you go , you admit it . 
  good job . 
  no , you said you did n't know whether electrotherapy could `` help '' gay people , implying there 's something that needs to be fixed in the first place . 
  i see , guess you just do n't give a fuck and you just pretended to care about gay people to bash muslims . 
  yea , his vp only thinks gay people should receive electrotherapy . 
  for the us it 's actually cheaper to have your bases abroad unless the people in those bases just get fired when coming back ... 
  cutting the military with a rep congress ? 
  doubt it . 
  so , the eu all said yes and they 're still not out ... 
  which means that the decision does n't actually lie with then . 
  that 's not a decision the eu can make . 
  most of then probably agree .
