  do n't mind him , he 's stuck in the reddit hivemind . 
  seems like i was mostly wrong except for this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mifepristone, 
  it 's an abortion , technically . 
  greek history x ? 
  i posted it here in the comments . 
  no , they 're not . 
  this is about the eu taking responsibility of something the nationals / central banks do now ... restructuring / foreclose banks . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's < 0.05 % of the annual budget, 
  do n't forget that 50 million is nothing when talking about countries . 
  except bank with < $ 30billion in assets ... ie , most of the german banks . 
  old currencies are so complicated ... not one single denomination . 
  like , how much is a austrian cucat worth vs an austrian sovereign ? 
  you 'd have to know their gold value 's ... why did n't they just name them in divisions of the largest coin . 
  and then you have the problem with having both gold and silver coins which float with eachother , while nominally their values are fixed divisions of eachother ... 
  aryan is n't really `` aryan '' . 
  needs 10 more reposts before it becomes oc . 
  dutch here , this does n't change my mood . 
  social democratic policies . 
   spend the interest on socialism yea ... no ... that 's not what that means . 
  do n't change the meaning of corruption to your liking . 
  no , it would n't . 
  almost nobody uses voip services on their phone and almost nobody will . 
  why ? 
  because nobody 's using it now and people wo n't start using it for only going on holidays because it 1 . 
  costs money to call landlines / mobiles . 
  to receive calls from landlines / mobiles you 'll need to pay even more . 
  you can just call for slightly more since international calling without most european countries is not that expensive anymore . 
  if you are dutch and you have a sim from france and you 're in the netherlands and you call someone in the netherlands , you 'll still pay international fees . 
  roaming fees and international fees are different things . 
  just because your not being charged more for being abroad does n't mean there wont be international-calling charges if you call inside your own country with a sim from abroad . 
  hedge funds are too small to be a systemic risk , and are only a risk to the investors , who have to be qualified ( ie rich ) under already established laws . 
  are you from 2010 ? 
  also , parliaments do n't control armies . 
  [ looks familiar ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ln0y1/worrying_rise_of_nationalism_in_germany/cc0u2mo ), 
  it 's a catholic city being besieged by protestants . 
  bring you closer in my to stalin . 
  which is a bad thing . 
  negative feedback loop . 
  young parents paying for the old people ... good idea . 
  yea sure , assad is an asshole , and russia is disgusting in giving him arms , but i 'm pretty sure that removing him wo n't solve anything . 
  it will change into a gov. 
  vs some-groups-that-are-not-really-related into a sectarian bullshit civil war . 
  itt : people who do n't understand our healthcare system commenting on it . 
  yea ... 
  there 's a post on top that 's the same thing . 
  we are , in 2014 . 
  qmv . 
  thank the government . 
  ( not the current one ... the one from like 20 years ago . ), 
  i bet you 're angry about that . 
  [ what i thought ] ( http://media-2.web.britannica.com/eb-media/26/27126-050-2da1be6b.jpg ), 
  you 're betraying your country . 
  your map is for violent crimes , not homicides . 
   instead of tackling the housing shortage head-on , implement all kinds of quirky tax benefits and baffling mortgage constructs , in the hopes that the free market will spring into gear and start building the free market could n't `` spring into gear '' because the government ( municipal ) is the one who needs to allocate and sell space / ground . 
  imo not social stigma but disinterest . 
  http://youtu.be/f15iu-d8tlg i know they 're comedians . 
  ya dude , did n't you hear ? 
  everything bad that ever happened in the last 2000 years has been caused by jews . 
  / s i 've heard people claim that the communist revolution was caused by jews , then the jews took over the soviet union and then they caused it 's destruction . 
  yay , statism !, 
  that chart was for people who do n't have internet to fill in why . 
  everywhere '' not interested '' is the nr . 
  1 reason to not have internet ... 
  but the real question in why are they not interested ? 
  dark blue = above eu average , blue = around eu average , light blue = below eu average ... 
  it 's not that hard to figure out . 
   i could care less ... ... ... . . 
  police ca n't combat these attacks . 
  and it 's sulfuric acid . 
  anyone claiming you can do something about this is delusional or lying . 
  mostly in housing . 
   south ossetia is a part of georgia and guess how that happened ... south ossetia declared themselves independent and then georgia attacked . 
  but no , it 's surely russia fault . 
  number 1 !, 
  lolno . 
  does the island ( and the other parts ) want to move to scandinavia ... ? 
  wow , i did n't realise it was sentient . 
  says the guy from a country which has a state-church ... 
  it 's not send to a bank account but to a person . 
  i never saw one . 
  you know it 's not only making life shorter but also shittier the whole way ? 
  dear danish , follow the laws . 
  this ruling was like the most obvious one ever . 
  brave . 
  all that 's left is luxembourg . 
  no , it 's a few people on the internet . 
  because reddit-armchair-activism , that 's why . 
  nope . 
  these are the consequences from trying to martyr himself . 
  are you from a year ago ? 
  lease . 
  lease , so yes ... 
  but not through any government channels . 
  s ^ o ^ b ^ r ^ a ^ v ^ e, 
  bit pretentious . 
  it 's like the wiccans and such . 
  100000 in currency ( guilders or euro ) = ton . 
  it 's like sarkozy is an emperor ... 
  ffs people , this is not what `` single market '' means , idiots .
