  what ... 
  this requires context . 
  would they choose the union over the union ? 
  mostly same here . 
  this guy is just another armchair `` expert '' . 
  do you even know who this guy is ? 
  ow wow , you 're so smart , surely i did n't know that . 
  and just because i do n't care about this must surely mean that i am that . 
  yep , that was me . 
  fuck encouraging efficiency , am i right ? 
  it 's not like you can also own big businesses if you want to ... 
  i do n't care . 
  so brave . 
  mostly . 
  he 's a troll , a very elaborate troll . 
  white union ? 
  it 's italian ... got ta be more cautious with the italians . 
  there are 4 bredas in europe and 1 in the us . 
  a bit biased ... `` like if you think uk should leave '' ... ? 
  freaking old people again ... 
  my country still has the draft , although most people do n't know it , it 's just indefinitely suspended . 
  gas pistol ? 
  seriously ? 
  like any big energy company has clean hands ... ( no , i 'm not a person who 's like : omg big oil blablablabla . ), 
  they should n't have done anything , if orange proceeded to block google services , people would protest . 
  fucking insanely arrogant pieces of shit . 
  `` the problem '' is n't races ... 
  it 's poor people from other cultures . 
  and an anecdotal story is never to be used in an argument anyway . 
  idiot . 
   more expensive comparatively to theirs , our currency will be worth the same . 
  something is only worth what others are willing to pay for it . 
   it 's like you refusing to take the neighbour 's tv for 10 $ that 's only one side . 
  the other side is that the chinese will buy less from europe because our currency is more expensive . 
  chinese government is making the rmb cheap , means that china would import less and export more , not good for the eu economy . 
  you have to be a resident , and 320 euros is nothing , consider yourself lucky . 
  it 's with lessons . 
  that 's for lessons ... this will not change that a bit . 
  the cc is the eu driving license . 
  combatting piracy is a good thing also since a lot of eu ships `` sail '' there . 
  and balkan stabilization is pretty important since it pretty much just outside of the border . 
  police / military training is probably requested by the country in question . 
  it 's not like there is any invasion going on . 
  there are women who actually refuse to say `` women '' , instead they type something else ... 
  i do n't remember . 
  `` most profitable '' maybe most profitable * public * company , but not private . 
  ok idea , but not realistic . 
  i have a feeling stormfront visits / r/europe a lot . 
  small large-location-based subreddit ? 
  high degree of influence ... 
  these kind of people are giving waaaaay to much creditibility to 5-10 % of the population . 
  is scotland more pro-eu than england & the rest ? 
  would a british `` better deal '' influence the scottish independence movement ? 
  yea ... too bad we wo n't get on board , eh ? 
  you must live a scared life , thinking 5-10 % of the poorest people are going to turn law around ... 
  that 's the point . 
  s ^ o ^ b ^ r ^ a ^ v ^ e, 
  balkans ... ? 
  soyuz , that 's a word . 
  i always find it funny that people assume these national / cultural concepts will not change . 
  a lot of the countries that exist now that have a `` national identity '' were constructed by people in power . 
  part of the reason for the netherlands ' ability of english may be the mercantile history , and it being a small country with very little linguistic influence . 
  no body will remember them , and it will be way easier to fake . 
  he needs a new song . 
  is the family visa some international treaty thing or something ? 
  no one ever talks about limiting it ... 
  more people does n't mean prices will increase ... at all . 
  every one of you says that and it 's bullshit because how many countries have a trade agreement with china ? 
  what new zealand ? 
  wow , because their economy is relevant . 
  and you do n't want a free trade agreement with a currency manipulator anyway . 
  self fulfilling prophecy ? 
  until they are , complete again . 
  you people talk about the gypsies in a way they used to talk about the jews . 
  ( or black people in the us ) makes me sick . 
  i do n't like really like their culture either . 
  but , hostility and discrimination towards them is part of the reason it is the way it is ( group culture etc. ), 
  citations . 
  swedish unemployement just reached a new high and norway is not relevant because of oil . 
  i do n't care about these numbers . 
  i want to see the change as a percentage of unemployment so i can see the trends . 
  rt.com ... fuck you . 
  you can be one of them if you cared . 
  it 's a public company . 
  na , wages are same or lower , especially for engineers . 
  everything just costs more . 
  no , even they have to pay . 
  it used to be very low cost though . 
  you have to draw the line somewhere ... 
  if you let turkey in you might as well take the caucasus and middle east . 
  but business does not care amirite ? 
  seems a bit idealistic and pretentious in that he sees himself above others who are greedy and bound by natural instincts . 
  i haf no idea wat yor talking about . 
  yea , i 'm a guy . 
  and thanks . 
  i know that feel ... well , i hope because otherwise she just did n't like me . 
  maybe she thought you were pakistani ... 
  ewww , 3d . 
  guide to speaking danish : speak english with some slight german . 
  i do n't really know if it 's a choice , mostly seems like a lack of motivation , but i guess my standards ( which i might have made up because of a previous low confidence from years ago ) are sometimes a bit high .
