except the final episode . 
   christian orthodox state ~ ~ of donbass and lugant . ~ ~, 
  nothing has happened . 
  it 's because onomatopoeia in japan are n't really onomatopoeia like we think of them ... 
  they have noises for things that do n't make a noise . 
  it 's for the snoring sound they make , not the whining sound . 
  did you even read it ? 
  wtf is this post . 
  it 's not even the mouthpiece of the kremlin , it just wants to make westerners dislike their goverments to make russia not look so bad to them . 
  because americans . 
   they have since given themselves up to police at le caylar , near the southern french city of montpellier . 
  what, 
  i thought erdogan said that if turkey was n't in the eu by 2014 ( or something ) that he would n't care anymore ... 
  not laser projection , just projection . 
  lol good luck with getting ruled by london then . 
  i liked the 5 euro video more , less like a commercial . 
  rt exists to make westerners dislike their governments . 
  rt.com downvote . 
  the `` every country gets a go '' idea needs to get rid of anyway . 
  spongebob in dutch was good . 
  you 're on -9 now for me ... you just keep making retarded comments if this is n't sarcasm . 
  kinda, 
  you do n't even know what `` neocon '' means . 
  disagreed . 
  and now per capita or % of gdp please . 
  why is this in / r/europe like it 's some kind of new idea . 
  this is no new idea . 
  last time i checked that 's bullshit . 
  always nice to have no single reference point except maybe the speed at which the camera person walks . 
  fyi : only because norway 's tax benifits on electric cars are really good . 
  such a relevant and educated comment . 
   moscow . 
  i remember it because i 'm not stupid . 
  and * woosh *, 
  that 's what op meant . 
  well , your picture is different . 
  more like the reverse ... 
  continent is n't well defined . 
  yes, 
  bit extreme ... 
  the blind support of ( some , mostly religious ) americans is nonexistent on reddit but reddit still behaves as though it 's there and they 're just providing the counterbalance . 
  america 's foreign policy on israel is not at all `` blind support '' . 
  this is tied to the atheism circlejerk in a way . 
  i was n't talking about the holocaust , zionism started earlier . 
  so you support the other war criminals ? 
  the ease under which redditors support `` palestine '' bothers me since it usually means that they are also `` anti-zionist '' ( in quotations because it usually means something else ) . 
  also , these people seem to think that if you support some palestinians you have to support hamas and think that they 're not really that bad . 
  i 'd advice you to actually watch some hamas tv and reconsider your view on them by what they 're really propagating . 
  i myself agree mostly with christopher hitchens ' view on it actually , so it 's not like i 'm `` pro-israel '' . 
  but this antisemitism in europe is the whole reason israel exists as a state . 
  it 's too easy to be `` pro-palestine '' on reddit , especially if you visit / r/worldnews ... 
  wow edgy . 
  bbc world , reuters . 
  sometimes economist although i read it being aware of the bias it sometimes has , even if i agree with it . 
  lol , i hope you 're being sarcastic . 
  itt : spanish people getting angry that the english word `` princess '' is being used correctly in an english article . 
  hard to move out of your house when it 's socially acceptable and culturally normal to stay till you 're older . 
  `` when you ca n't find a job '' comment is hardly relevant when not given historical statistics . 
  they do n't because they 're not designing them themselves . 
  2003 did n't really lead to the isis crisis ... 
  but it did n't help stop it either . 
  middle east is just a mess , the west is n't obligated to help . 
  no one will accept it because the technology is n't ready yet . 
  babies, 
  selfcensored . 
  lolno , it 's more that the ccp is scared and trying to keep it 's hold on the country . 
   `` iceland wants to join mother russia ! '', 
  - putin iceland is part of russia, 
  he 's twisting the facts . 
  the actual cost of going to college is like 1.8 k euros a year ( not counting books ) . 
  the student financing program was free money extra if you got a degree in ~ 5 years . 
  ukip is never going to work with fn . 
  not this fucking circlejerk again . 
  is anyone else just as smart as me to know that nazies were n't the first to use the symbol ? 
  i think he was joking saying transnistria was russia . 
  their, 
  if i were to start a political party , i 'd start it 's name with an ` a ' just to get to the top of the ballot . 
  fuck you if you think that . 
  does it count up the numbers from eu countries to other eu countries ? 
  because that would n't really be fair . 
  a long comment does not make your opinions facts . 
  the only thing i can imagine is this is some response against the eu . 
  ethics of the seller of the meat . 
  top kek . 
  dutch ! = deutsch . 
  they are actually just hqs for tax reasons , the european r&d hubs for the companies are actually outside of ireland . 
  they should really get a tripod ... 
  it 's not really easy to export electricity . 
  i hope you 're just quoting and do n't actually think that . 
  inb4 : sarcastic comments about the percieved failures of europe 's percieved obsession of multiculturalism . 
  only real options are nuclear ( which many people are `` scared '' of ) , coal ( which , you know , it pretty bad for the enviroment ) and biomass ( but many governments are being retarded on this . 
  like in the netherlands biomass subsidies are in the same `` pool '' as fucking solar energy , which cost fucking 2x as much to generate and is by far the most expensive form to generate . ), 
  shut the fuck up . 
  you do n't know anything about money . 
  you ca n't fucking start expecting people / companies in poland to start paying fucking 40 eurocent per kwh, 
  you were n't . 
  you 're just trying to victimize yourself . 
  nobody uses msn anymore in the last years ... dunno where you have been . 
  the shoes are funny , grenades are not ... that 's why . 
  and distances are way longer in the us , but whatever it 's probably just obesity lolololol !!! 111 !,
