  uhm ... 
  i did n't :p ... ? 
  use !, 
  use !, 
  use !, 
  who , me ? 
  i only corrected him on his unrelated remark . 
  just not really `` up to standards '' enough yet . 
  you ca n't take my country seriously for something 400 hundred of us did ( or rather , did not ) do 17 years ago ... ? 
  i do not know if i agree with your country having joined the eu . 
  pseudoscience ... 
   your brain cycles & waves travel best at this temperature . 
  ha , cartoon of the day . 
  why do n't they do research if piracy is actually hurting the industry ? 
  did n't check them all ... 
  let 's take every country 's capitol city ... except for the netherlands . 
  lol , patriot act . 
  no they did n't ... just skip the first few minuts . 
  they are n't making a nuclear bomb ... 
  remember when iraq was making nuclear weapons ? 
  and anthrax ? 
  seems similar ? 
  so ... why do we have these sanctions again ? 
  those parts are n't even made in china , they 're assembled in china . 
  not saying that without the eu , uk would probably be having the same problems as it does now ... 
  concerning sopa/pipa, 
  some judge ordered piratebay to be `` blocked '' ... `` brein '' sued 2 isps , including mine . 
  but what about wales ? 
  flying out , maxing , all cool sucking some b-blood outside of the school . 
  it takes 10 years ... ? 
  germany !, 
  there was a new us poll out lately ... 
  most people 18-25 view socialism as positive ( although won just by 1 % ) and capitalism as negative ( lost by much more than 1 % ), 
  the first 2 things are n't necesarrily eu related . 
  1 : schengen ! = eu 2 : erasmus program , while it is a program of the eu , is also available outside of the eu ( turkey , norway and switzerland ) . 
  germans !, 
  it 's less than the inflation , meaning they will still get less than last year ... idiots . 
  the church itself sees it like that ... 
  `` announced that russian authorities had opened an investigation into the incident . '', 
  lol, 
  `` diversity '' ; meaningless buzzword . 
  tl ; dr : `` europe is doing meh , the euro sucks an the uk is the best things ever . '', 
  is n't that the new character from sasha baron cohen :p ? 
  lol , usa . 
  cool . 
  hello , brother !, 
  how did belgium lower it 's debt ... 
  do n't confuse liberal with `` liberaal '' , it 's very different . 
  but yeah , vvd is supposed to be for personal freedoms ... they 're just conservatives . 
  do n't forget brazil . 
  averagely, 
  reptilians . 
  i do ... 
  roman empire ? 
  5 % interest is not unpayable ... 
  southern european sodas are sweeter than northern european one . 
  i do n't know where you lived in europe , but that may be why . 
  yes , that too . 
  he 's supposed to be an adult reporter . 
  never !, 
  check again . 
  i said `` some greeks '' , not all of course . 
  no , just frustrated with some greeks . 
  well then , a cease fire it is ... 
  what the f. . . you do understand that it would take years to reverse such a thing ... right ? 
  even if people really do n't like it . 
  and after a couple of years people will have adjusted and have forgotten about it already , so it would n't even be changed back . 
  reading through my post huh ... ? 
  this is unaccaptable , this means war . 
  fuck you , some greek people . 
  meh for me . 
  he was always named `` kuifje '' in my country and i do n't think the movie looks like the comics . 
  tintin looks weird in it . 
  just found an article why he looks weird to me : http://www.guardian.co.uk/film/2011/oct/27/tintin-uncanny-valley-computer-graphics?newsfeed=true, 
  2d , but i never give a shit about 3d . 
  went to florida and new york , where did you go in florida ? 
  did n't seem to bad to me . 
  but i was only like 2 days in miami . 
  something like 99 % of the cp is n't even shared through the normal internet . 
  stupid pms `` i do n't want to vote against it because cp is bad , and i do n't want to look bad '' . 
  and i have n't seen any of those ads except on websites that show them . 
  kill the system , down with the man !, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  lol , will never get through . 
  i sense bias . 
  it 's due 2014 or something ... 
  there are going to be 10 +, 
  take that , gps !, 
  i have no idea . 
  might want to go some else , like nl or denmark or scandinavian countries . 
  `` founding fathers of the eu '' now we 're also going to talking about the `` founding fathers '' like the americans do ? 
  why does n't the esa just buy the james webb telescope ? 
  get it now ? 
  see your comment , see my comment . 
  shit brix . 
  what debt ceilling debate ? 
  flanders , join the netherlands  . 
  i 'm descendant from baldwin i ( the 862 version ) , so obey me !, 
  ... seriously ... 
  yes internet is important .
