  well that 's better i guess, 
  the numbers are annualized ... 
  whom, 
  they do n't even want to anymore . 
  why is this still a question ? 
  nl is expectating 2 % growth this year ... 
  if you 'd cut oil , you 'd lose more than 25 % . 
  people who give phone numbers in `` nineteen , sixty five , etc '' ( but then in dutch with reverse numbers ) should be shot anyway . 
  just say `` one , nine , six , five , etc '', 
  wow , no need to use explosives in the arrest . 
  na , they do n't charge people . 
  they just make them disappear for a couple months . 
  it 's bullshit , that 's what . 
  the `` dock '' vs `` doc '' ( ter ) thing is rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreally far fetched , never seen that one before . 
   an yes would allow the politicians to give up danish sovereignty without asking the danish population , but a yes would mean they just did ask the population ... 
  it 's not a dialect . 
  mein kampf in hebrew or yiddish , now that would be something . 
  dutch monitor . 
  not that phillips actually still makes them ... 
  the chinese sea `` borders '' are nothing but bullshit and you are retarded if you believe their bullshit . 
  japan is not at all in the top , going by my experience . 
  in every class there will be multiple people with the same common last names , while here in nl it was somewhat rare . 
  are you 6 ? 
  or ... folding vs crumpling ( ew ), 
  this is true , and annoys me quite a bit . 
  at least some people , after the dishes have soaked , turn on the tap and rinse it off before putting it in the rack . 
  deadkey is so fucking annoying for programming though . 
  had to turn it off but now i ca n't really add the diagtrics ( i could but too lazy ) . 
  calling yourself x-fag is / was a 4chan thing . 
  weed, 
  fuck you , that 's the fucking definition of fucking healthcare insurance and irrelevant to the point . 
  that 90 & 100 a month is only a fraction of the actual cost of insurance . 
  i hope your comment is a jest at \\ / r/austrians . 
  elso , it 's just cringeworthy . 
  of course , who else but the ~ ~ jews ~ ~ activists !, 
  why the fuck did people keep working with him ... 
  yea ... because fences work ... no , they do n't . 
  no , solar panels on roofs are not an efficient way to do this . 
  circlejerk, 
  it 's about the most popular * given name * ** given ** in some year . 
  so how many people are living with a name is not really relevant . 
  yea ... first close those billion chapters ... 
  using that lettertype on flags is now associated with the far-right , i 'd say ... 
  good for you, 
  uk being american puppets . 
  but why male models ? 
  huh , in dutch you would only use one aus ( uit ) there , one either side that you wish . 
  interesting, 
  nazies from the eu . 
  i feel like they would be attracted to joining the german army . 
  hopefully this wo n't attract eu-nazis, 
  putin 's playing 7dimensional chess !!!, 
  only trump plays in higher dimensions !, 
  most distributions have the torrent or magnet on their own website, 
  the point people make is that capitalism will not lead / is not leading to a free market and that that 's an inherit symptom of it . 
  i 've been there a couple times . 
  only saw one wild hog one time . 
  which makes the total population number completely irrelevant and is more about urbanization , which you can solve yourself by moving out of the city . 
  yea ... and it 's one of the least densely populated countries in the world so there 's no problem . 
  finland is one of the least fucking densely populated countries in the world you retard . 
  it 's `` a european army '' because `` europe '' is pronounced '' \u02c8j\u028a\u0259r\u0259p '' and the ipa-j counts as a consonant . 
   i do n't trust the government . 
   let 's give them more power, 
  wow , thanks man . 
  i never knew !, 
  well the `` theory '' is that soros wanted remain ... 
  so does n't hold . 
  https://youtu.be/lxddx8frn_y?t=153 little bit of interstellar piano riff ? 
  anything less then literally blowing up the mediterranean boats is ` pushing for mass immigration ' , according to these people . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  half true , i guess . 
  factchecking is part of what you 're supposed to do as a journalistic outlet . 
  dude . 
  it 's a joke . 
  i reversed the vid . 
  i do n't disagree with your proposed changes , i disagree how it currently is . 
  so i 'm saying that i agree with you . 
  i do n't agree with the idea , though . 
  just like the idea of voting for national parties in the ep elections instead of european parties ( or groups ) . 
  the thought being that eu-parties would be too distant from the people . 
  but at the same time you 'll keep those eu-parties distant from the people . 
  nl should be same colour as france i think , at the moment . 
  only 1 party ( biggest polling , true ... ) wants to have a leave / remain referendum and 1 other party wants a meaningless `` abolish the european commision '' referendum , whatever that means . 
  it 's the idea that people ca n't be represented by people outside of their own country . 
  it 's kind of counterproductive to the ` european idea ' , whatever that is . 
  [ what about that time they were destroying a car 's roof !, 
  ] ( https://gfycat.com/gleamingpersonalcygnet ), 
  how have they revealed that ? 
  phew , the british economy 's saved !, 
  this has nothing to do with it . 
  this is not a blog . 
  this is just a site used by anti-establishment kids who do n't know they 're just being duped by a bunch of rich ny bankers . 
  it 's actually 3 people . 
   then we moved on to european commission and they widely opened their eyes when i told them that the the body with the biggest executive power in europe does not get elected - it 's simply appointed . 
  yea , appointed to the european council by approval of the european parliament , both of which are `` elected '' ( head 's of governments do n't have to be elected in their national governments ... 
  the pm of the uk does n't get elected either . 
  from the last election on the president of the commision will pretty much always come from the largest european party . 
   then we moved on to european parlament that passes some of its most important decision , like budget or approval of ec president , in secret ballots . 
  misleading , acting like it 's standard procedure while it had to be requested . 
  he 's talking about you .
