  i 'd love to do that , you know . 
  but i 'm not a book reader so if i 'd go there i would feel kind of disingenuous . 
  i 'm saying too much :p . 
  depends on the places you go to i guess ... 
  i hate nightclubs for example and that would make casual dating , if i was interested in that , pretty hard . 
  na , it 's way easier : i 'm not really part of the dating scene here . 
  i never heard of tall weather ... 
  does your accent even effect your typing ? 
  i. . . do n't have a lot to bring to this subject . 
  you know ... 
  normally when i notice someone on reddit a lot i get a grasp of how they think about things . 
  i have no idea with you . 
  like i have no idea what your opinion on whatever is . 
  look at his name and karma . 
  he 's a troll , look at his name . 
  ok , rather us than china ... 
  which trying to get friendly with eastern-europe . 
  lol , you do n't know he 's a troll yet and agree with him . 
  there is / r/asia , and it even has a link to / r/india . 
  most of us are like 3/4 the distance from india as you are . 
  seriously ? 
  you have to be trolling . 
  look on the map for once . 
  in dutch too . 
  in dutch it is a gender neutral pronoun for a group , is it the same in finnish / swedish ? 
  wait ... that 's all of them . 
  i do n't understand how that plane does n't stall . 
  btw , you can pay do this in the us for 3k . 
  people misunderstand the meaning of that word a lot . 
  germans eat more cheese per capita though . 
  i hate this shit where one small country can just veto . 
  sadr : that part that always has no information in wikipedia world-maps . 
  i ca n't find comparable figures for the us ... only ones for percentage of people who have a computer and broadband , not broadband as % of population . 
  spain does n't have money anyway . 
  nobody has a billion in income , and even if they did , yes . 
  i do n't like the idea of the government taking most of the salary . 
  what i find a major problem with the anti-eu view is their overely optimistic view on getting fta agreements with every country in the world . 
  you do n't want a fta with china anyway . 
  question ... what 's labour 's view on the eu ... ? 
  of course , american beauty ... 
  yea , those damned 4.6 % !, 
  imo , there should n't be any tax brackets higher than 50 % anyway . 
  i hate mayonaise ... love frietensauce ( frenchfry-sauce ) . 
  garlic sauce is delicious on pizza , but ketchup ... eww . 
  you have to know the right way to slurp though , it 's not done with vacuum in the mouth but more with inhaling air which takes the noodles with it . 
  lol , anecdotes excuse racism . 
  this could 've been just a news story . 
  you 'd have to die to leave . 
  the us ? 
  surely you typo-d eu ... 
  i do n't know . 
  tell me the opinion part of my post . 
  shut up , i 'm not stating any opinion in my post . 
  what . 
  yea , it 's because the eu supervision is for banks from 30bil in assets and up . 
  if there are a lot of small banks with less than 30 bill , they would not get supervised by the eu bank . 
  it 's not like you 're revealing some kind of secret or anything , and they 're still being supervised by the german national bank which is supervised by the eu bank . 
   european central bank the chief supervisor for banks in the euro zone . 
   in the euro zone, 
  i was n't commenting on the one-party-dicatatorship thing , i was commenting on your assumed competence of them . 
   china is a substantial one party dictatorship that ** gets what it wants done quick and painfully . 
  ** / r/china would like to talk to you . 
  probably a / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  freedom of speech is irrelevant since this is n't a government website . 
  sadly , freedom of speech get 's misunderstood , a lot . 
  i 'm dutch and i do n't know either . 
   masturbating more due to greater access to internet pornography , leaving less gas in the tank ? 
  no , masturbation increases sperm count ( in the long term . 
  any sexual release ), 
  i know . 
  i 'm addicted to daft punk the last couple of years . 
  til russia is a member of the council of europe . 
  it 's just as big and geographically varied as europe , and almost as populous . 
  the time ran out but i would 've know the new england and `` overseas '' states ... 
  you scored 33/45 = 73 % . 
  i am dutch ... 
  hover over my flag . 
  do n't forget the luxembourgish , with almost the same flag and shit . 
  no , fuck you . 
  because romanians have such a good reputation around the world ... ... ... ... ... 
  bullshit , this is about genetics and you have people telling them ( the people of these genetics ) to go back to their `` homeland '' . 
  experience of what ? 
  being anti-social ? 
  just do n't be a black guy , you 'd probably die first . 
  i believe he meant propaganda in the truest ( original ) sense of the word , it 's what pr now means . 
  let 's put another shrimp on the barbie !, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqvzrd_nwlq ), 
  lol . 
  lol , ignorance . 
  seriously ? 
  christmas trees are n't even really related to christ . 
  sad, 
  this is done by a fucking retarded populist bullshit website and is more of an anti-eu referendum than anything it says it is . 
  the organizers also implied that the eu started the ukranian ... everything and that ukraine shot down mh17 . 
  would n't be suprised if these shits got money from some russians . 
  i misread and wanted to look like a smartass . 
  gps receivers ( mobile phones , navigation , etc ) do n't send anything to the satellites , they only receive . 
  what they receive are times . 
  by looking at the time they recieve they know how far away a particular satellite is , and essentially draw a circle around it and know that the receiver is somewhere on that circle . 
  by combining multiple satellites ' times these circles will overlap , which is the position of where the receiver is .
