  but maybe i 'm biased because she reminds me of someone ... 
  well , you ca n't vote for obama anymore . 
   coldiretti warns that the increase is not `` ethically or economically sustainable and that it threatens the country 's recovery '' . 
  ... what does that even mean . 
  who are they targetting with their criticism ? 
  fuck this article , and fuck you for submitting it . 
   goldman sachs , the epitome of greed and power  ( philanthropy , by the way , is something rich guys do to avoid paying tax ) . 
  yea ... nice way to keep things objective . 
  it makes me disregard anything that website and you will ever say . 
  fuck you !, 
  stop this shit , every day the same post !, 
  reported . 
  no , but that one is alright too . 
  pretty low-class accent he 's imitating though . 
  i hate every single one of them . 
  do you have a link to that german tv guy speaking fake dutch ? 
   fears about damaging effects of the internet on children and women oh no !, 
  we have to protect the women , they surely ca n't think for themselves !, 
  the reason for hfcs is not because it 's cheap but because it 's artificially made cheaper than sugar * in the us * by taxes/duties/whatever on sugar . 
  our sugar is cheap , hfcs wo n't come here . 
  it 's armchair rebel-ism . 
  import duty depends on the agreement and the product . 
  also , depends on where the product is made most likely . 
  remember that the eu does n't want to do this , it 's only stupid armchair pubescent vigilantes that do shit like this . 
  `` fight the system , man '' mentality . 
  01189998819991197253 is the new number i propose , it 's so easy !, 
  probably because people keep calling 911 because american series , same in uk . 
  what 's the `` europe 2020 commitment '' ? 
  `` credit card limit '' ... really ? 
  i want to know what got cut and all , but ca n't find it anywhere . 
  not my constitution . 
  there is n't only one constition ... you know . 
  no , it does n't . 
  because that right was written down in a time where computers almost did n't even exist . 
  not that i disagree with the interpretation . 
  not really . 
  they 're in a trade deficit , we have a surplus with them . 
  if he gets chosen again , i will go there and slap every italian in italy . 
  it 's usually not his opinion , he 's just trolling . 
  ugh , ca n't wait for qmv . 
  techdirt , disregarded . 
  but guys i thought iceland was telling the us off last week . 
  / s must they feel stupid . 
  and then you still have people in worldnews defending them ... glad i do n't visit that subreddit anymore . 
  france should n't really have much of a say in economics . 
  you must lived a very sad life . 
   in european football history . 
  seriously dude . 
  except 10x worse . 
  `` alternet '' disregarded . 
  is this satire at gun laws ? 
  very very bad statistics , assuming current situations will go on forever . 
  why do n't you people remember that this ( ufrustratedbro ) guy is a troll . 
  do i have to keep saying that in every thread ? 
  well , the british spy rock in russia story is pretty funny . 
  well , the british spy rock in russia story is pretty funny . 
  do n't forget that european countries do the same in non-european countries ... 
  no , not moving on . 
  of course he tried to profit from it ... because he gave the money for it . 
  stupid to trust nk anyway , though . 
  sanctions are made to be temporary . 
  the actions of government of norway now are n't . 
  why 's the agrerian party against drilling for oil ? 
  god , damnit !, 
  now you 've revealed our secret weapon !, 
  shirts are flags . 
  people represent countries . 
  yay ... 
  other than `` if you want to stay in the eea , you have to follow the directives '' , not really . 
  guys who are upvoting this guy ... 
  he 's a troll , look at his username . 
  it 's not about liberalization , it 's about agreements which are n't being followed . 
  would you just let them to do this even though we both agreed to the rules ? 
  or in your language : would you lend snes games to a friend who wont lend games to you ? 
  we should be united on the actual map . 
  but it also was the french who send them away ... 
  it 's not about the budget . 
  there 's 1 under construction in europe ( excluding russia ) ... 
  you would 've been upvoted if you had n't mentioned ` meme ' . 
  uk ... 22 % ... never would 've guessed . 
  genes + diet . 
  there is some group of people who , if they ate the same as dutch , would be like at least 5cm taller than the dutch . 
  i forget the name of them ... something southeast asia afaik ... 
  but not `` asian '' as you would categorize today . 
  what does it look like on the other side of the mont blanc ? 
  it 's not about saving the bank , it 's about compensating account holders , which national regulatory agencies did for non-icelandic citizens having icesave accounts . 
  whether those agencies had to compensate people having accounts in non-eu banks is an interesting question . 
  i disagree with your pov but :  president blair made me laugh . 
  they 're completely different . 
  everytime you disagree with a socialist they bring up the `` oh , do you want europe to be like america then ?! '', 
  line ... 
  neoliberals are n't neoconservatists . 
  get your words right . 
  ron paul was supported by reddit and others because of the juvenile `` screw the system , man '' mentality . 
  and small government is not the same as incompetent and impotent ( real word , do n't laugh ) government . 
  stop it !, 
  repost after repost !, 
  til i 'm east of denmark . 
  i doubt hydrogen will the fuel of the future , storage is hard , and fueling probably will take some time ( unless the fueling would consist of leaving empty tank , pick up full tank ) . 
  electricity is also still hard to store for long distances , we 'd need super capacitors for that .
