i like toulouse and the surrounding areas - carcassonne is a fascinating medieval fortress town . 
  i 've explored a lot of france ( aside from north east/east ) and always found interesting places . 
  learn a bit of french and try with a smile and they are nearly always welcoming . 
   l'\u00eele de r\u00e9 seconding this one :-), 
  i think it 's meant to be am i dreaming but something 's gone a bit wrong, 
  i suggest fly to paris and sort out a return from italy - maybe florence . 
  paris  versailles ( not more than a day here )  train to italy for pisa & florence ( maybe via monaco ) vienna is lovely but to be honest i 'd give it a miss on this trip as it is quite far out unless you do paris  versailles  train to italy for pisa & florence ( maybe via monaco )  vienna ( fly home from here ), 
  eurostar is the best options - very nice trip and worth upgrading to the nicer seats for the free meal and drinks . 
  ditto - so many museums and so much history . 
  i was kinda joking anyway, 
  being modest ;-), 
   i refuse to see britain in a lower ranking than france anywhere as a brit i find this offensive and rather incorrect . 
  of course a knife is a weapon but it 's more that you 'd pretty much have to be up close and personal to kill but a gun can be used at a distance - even if running away . 
  to me that 's the main difference but then again i think it 's very easy to kill someone with a gun and maybe it 's not as easy as i think ? 
   if you desperately want to murder someone , so much so you are indifferent to the consequences , you 'll probably figure out a way to get it done , gun or not . 
  very true !, 
   should n't we do something about kids being angry enough to kill their classmates ? 
  yes - that is very true . 
  sadly for all the talk about cures for cancer there is very little support or even recognise for mental illness . 
  i think part of the problem is that because it is so easy for law abiding citizens to get guns then it is even easier for criminals to get guns . 
  guns seem like they are so common place that if you see someone with a gun then you do n't know if they want to rob , kill or even defend you . 
  also i think access to a gun for law abiding citizens makes it easier to break law - you have the power of life in your hands . 
  i think this is the problem - even the most level headed of people seem to believe in their right to bear arms and all the school killings and horrible things that happen with guns do n't scare them . 
  i really ca n't see how there is anyway to change peoples views - other than to tax them out of reach . 
  there 's the old idea of making bullets cost a million dollars since a gun without bullets is much safer !, 
   and if you think the civilian population with their handguns and assault rifles would win in a civil war against the american military with their tanks and helicopters i 'm willing to bet they 'd go down fighting !, 
  for better or worse the american 's are patriotic . 
  in the uk the dunblane school massacre in 1996 scared people big time and that 's what brought the most recent push in the anti-firearms laws . 
  i was 10 then and to me guns will always be a bad and scary thing . 
  i can see no positivity for general people to have guns . 
  farmers and the forces are the only people who need them . 
  or within strict regulations for sport . 
  joe bloggs on the street does n't need it and if he has it then everyone knows that they are a bad person . 
  or a costumer with a good looking prop gun !, 
  i do lots of costuming and it 's drilled in to everyone to keep those guns well hidden unless in a convention otherwise the swat squad will be called ( it happens - a person with a gun is considered a threat regardless ), 
  i do wonder if there is a way of reducing guns - there are already so many out there that it might be too late to reduce them ? 
  not intending to be argumentative although it is something i feel passionately about . 
  i do genuinely wonder why it is seems to be considered acceptable to kill someone over property . 
   `` criminals often times have guns , regardless of where they are located . '', 
  no ... in ** america ** they all have guns because everyone in america is allowed a gun . 
  in the uk it would be very rare for a criminal to have a gun . 
  there 's even news stories of gangs having to share guns because there are so few guns . 
  that 's not to say there are n't criminals with guns but it is pretty rare . 
  if you shoot someone there is a much higher chance of killing them compared to hitting them or stabbing them . 
  is it really someone 's right to take a life because they tried to steal a tv ? 
  i have only ever once been in a situation where i may have needed to use a gun in defence - if i had killed that person then i do n't know how i 'd live with it ( regardless of what they did ) and to be honest i was in a situation where it would have been more likely that he had hurt me even more . 
  so a gun would not have made me any more safe . 
  i do have a bunted prop sword at home and if i ever get robbed at home then i 'm sure i will run screaming towards the criminal waving a sword and he 'd probably leg it . 
  and that 's about all i need - i have an alarm and i will call the police and scream until they turn up . 
   hope the cops find the guy , and if they ca n't you 're just out of luck ? 
  well what do you do ? 
  kill him on the spot because that way you have your justice ? 
   guns may be illegal in your country , but so is murder , people still get killed so it stands to reason that a killer would be ok with breaking a law against guns if they are ok with breaking a law against murder . 
  speeding is illegal . 
  i 've sped thus broken the law - does n't mean i want to rob you . 
   we would like to think that a criminal knows that if he breaks into your home with the intent to rob/murder/rape someone , they are risking their life , because that home owner may have a gun , and may use it for defense , no ... it just means the criminal knows he needs a gun to defend himself in return . 
   but well , do n't do stupid things i guess ... ... or the american 's will kill you . 
  stupidity is a crime punishable by death . 
  actually i 've just read that article about the german boy and it sickens me ... you are trying to defend the right that home owners should have guns ... this murderer set a bait and cold blood murdered someone because he thought that person might have stolen a handbag . 
  the boy might have even been going in there to warn the home owners that they had stupidly left their garage open . 
  it comes down to the fact that americans believe their possessions are more valuable than another life . 
  they would rather kill than lose their wallet . 
  they generally recommend about 2hours + for transfers you can easily wait 1hour + for your bags or just have a delay, 
   as one of the most absurd and kitschest show ever created very true ... and that 's why we like it in the uk . 
  my house is pathetically young at about 16 years old :-( but young houses are cheaper !, 
  ( bristol , uk ) i grew up in my parents home which is at least 150 years old as it was seen on a map in the 1860 's , to be honest a good number of houses in my area then were at a close age ( plymouth , uk ) if not older . 
  i think the older house would be standing much longer than my new one will as well !, 
  so in non-buzz work speak - people make their own holidays rather than using the travel agent to plan it all ? 
  can you explain the term of `` co-creation '' ? 
  in the uk there are cards for birthdays , wedding anniversary 's , good luck , sorry you are leaving/ill , congratulations on job/baby/exams / generic congratulations ... we are a nation of sending cards ( never knew it was n't a common thing ), 
  good and interesting response but erm is n't this askeurope ? 
  to be headhunted you 'd have to be very good at your job and prove you can out do any other local/eu candidate - can you do this in your field ? 
  you ca n't claim to be pro gay and be anti gay marriage, 
  following my travels i 'd say paris , brussels , dusseldorf , essen & vienna all had far better public transport than the uk ( plymouth , bristol ), 
  sadly france is n't as cheap any more - i miss the booze cruises to roscoff, 
  in general it 's something most people find uncomfortable . 
  while i agree in general it likely does n't consciously influence children i think it does on a subconscious level which might explain the excessive patriotism that many american 's show which is n't found as much in other countries . 
  in the uk it common to have daily/weekly assemblies - whole school gathers in the morning for daily announcements , sometimes a thought of the day/week , reading of poems or prayer , short play organised by a class ( in my school each class had to organise an assembly on a topic or theme which was either very boring or rather hilarious ) often it would end with a hymn and prayer - not always christian since other religious festivals would also be talked about . 
  france - i spent most summer holidays over there and then worked for various summers as well during uni . 
  my dream is to move there one day . 
  they speak the language of the country to a reasonable standard , works and pays taxes in the country , follows some of the customs and traditions of the country . 
  i think it would likely take 10 + years . 
  but i 'm not sure it is a definable thing . 
  please do n't direct visa questions to ask uk - they wo n't get the bedy reception and it 's unlikely local people know about visas for their own country . 
  / r/iwantout is all about people who want visas . 
  the ones doing it act like that but i 'd say less than 5 % of the people i know do it but i 'm sure many have tried at least weed once . 
  1 ) away with the weekly travel threads !, 
  it was n't a bad idea but it did n't work in this situation ... glad to see you are being so responsive to feedback . 
  2 ) new weekly discussion threads !, 
  good plan - can i suggest that people include some more detail with the question so that non-native english speakers and those who are n't studying politics can understand and share opinions . 
  perhaps also include examples and their opinion . 
  3 ) travel questions now are more restricted perhaps there should be a `` form '' to fill in to help guide people 's questions ? 
  so you are complaining about the free help from people online ? 
  i suggest you pay for the service or start asking questions in the right location . 
  if you are using reddit for such a question then it is the wrong location - there are specific forums for such questions but there is no obligation for forum members to help you . 
  you assume english rather than scot , welsh or irish ? 
  hmm i wonder if the tone of your posts are like the above in which case i 'd suggest that maybe there is a pebkac error and people might respond better with different phrasing . 
  i 'd agree with this !, 
  1 ) how happy are you overall with this subreddit ? 
  pretty happy 2 ) what are the biggest issues that should be addressed ?
