yes , also north rhine westphalia and there are some further exclaves in the other countries . 
  that was probably written by someone from hamburg . 
  nobody wants to be mentioned in one breath with hamburg - the city with the grumpiest inhabitants of germany - anyway !, 
  pah . 
  i think they mean the `` bayernpartei '' . 
  we have a somewhat meat-internal [ sausage dispute ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wei%c3%9fwurst%c3%a4quator ) . 
  1 ) bavarians against the rest of germany . 
  they 're conservative , catholic and rich and blame the rest of germany for not being conservative , catholic or rich . 
  2 ) west against east because of money . 
  3 ) many local rivalries between neighbour cities the most popular example being cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  yeah , damn it . 
  we 're too grumpy . 
  that poisons our health . 
  this damn health . 
  this was the first time , i heard of the deutschlandfest ... 
  by the way , i know that some ame ... eh ... citizens of the usa mock germans for always overcorrectly saying `` us-amerikaner '' . 
  philosophy , political science , law studies ... you 're free to go to a library and look these theories up for yourself . 
  you 're stereotyping . 
  as far as i understand the difference , hatespeech calls for immideate , illegal action . 
  asking for a different law system is not illegal as long as you accept the law system that you 're currently under . 
  if you do n't - it is illegal . 
  it 's not hatespeech , but vigilantism and it is illegal . 
  hatespeech does n't count as freedom of speech . 
  everything else is not forbidden and a lot of reasoning against stereotypes , racism prejudices is done . 
  but everyone knows those people with their different skincolour , weird sounding language and hateful religion are evil !, 
  everyone knows that , but the hidden nazi alien government forbids us to tell the truth !, 
  just in case : / s, 
  they let the children take the water and food . 
  this whole thread is terrifying . 
  what goes on in people 's heads ? 
  i was pointing out the irony that you 're leading the discussion in this direction although the starting point was the direct opposite . 
  some people might have rose-coloured glasses , but you must have something worse on your eyes , because this discussion started with someone saying `` gutmenschen '' !, 
  so , i do n't know where your speech about people calling you racist comes from , but it does not stem from this place . 
  paranoid , much ? 
  well , according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gutmensch ) it is still discussed and not clear if the roots really lie in nationalsocialism , but its usage occurs mainly in conservative and/or extreme right context . 
  that 's the truth . 
  so far most of the is terrorists that planned something in germany were germans themselves . 
  plus , i did n't even start with the nsu and other extreme right movements . 
  that 's the complete opposite of what happened here . 
  yes , i do . 
  they mean that `` gutmensch '' is a nazi term . 
  a reasonable discussion with people who use this term is never possible . 
  we have a bigger problem with terrorists that are germans . 
  we were talking about the people that arrived today in vienna and munich . 
  those are mostly syrian . 
   in this case we 're talking people from countries that are 50-500 years in the past moving to pretty much most developed part of the world . 
  we 're talking about syria , not some hidden locations in the mountains of afghanistan , you know that , right ? 
  in case that is true , this might be the origin of that satire . 
  if only there was someone to google that infomation and compare it with the date of that caricature ... 
  depicting the germans as people who try to tame wild animals fascinates me . 
  because it reminds me of how things went with the * problemb\u00e4r * and how the american diplomats at that time mocked the germans as not being used to real wildlife . 
  i do n't know how the french were seen at that time , but i did n't understand the satire to show the french as `` race-mixers '' , but more generally as men who always look for making * amour * . 
  that 's how i 'd understand it , if the stereotype back then was the same as today , anyways . 
  it was meant more as a rough overview . 
  if you look close , there is no `` germany '' because we are all individual people . 
  i think , it 's perfect . 
  my choice would be stockholm and southern france . 
  that was my first thought , too . 
  but it 's getting so dark during winter ... 
  i do n't know . 
  maby i 'd scew the liberal , egalitarian society ( plus good work conditions ) and would go for nice weather and good food , anyway -  southern europe . 
  in short : austria is more southern europe , germany northern . 
  the only chance for them to be a world champion ... 
  i agree , they are messing too much with something that is best just the way it originally is . 
  come !, 
  welcome !, 
  when voltaire is talking about freedom of speech , he means the freedom to state every opinion . 
  this right is in no way limited in germany . 
  insults however are not opinions . 
  people are n't cattle , that 's not an opinion you can truly have . 
  it 's just a way to dehumininze the refugees . 
  that 's hate speech . 
  that 's because you already believe that your idea of freedom is the correct one , so you believe that the other idea needs a different name . 
  however , in the overall discussion , both definitions have the same ran and tehy have a long history . 
  the decision about what is reasonable and what not might be hard in some situations , but at least it is a strong definition of freedom . 
  the freedom of choice one has other problems . 
  sure . 
  however if there is a different definition of `` freedom '' in a society , its definition of `` freedom of speech '' is different , too . 
  in germany `` freedom '' comes from the philosophical idea that freedom is not that you can do whatever you want ( `` freedom of choice '' which is the empiricist idea of freedom that is dominant in the anglo-american societies ) , but rather that it has to have a reasonable value ( this is the rationalist idea of freedom that is more dominant in continental europe ) . 
  only reasonable actions can be considered free actions . 
  this counts for freedom of speech . 
  it does n't mean that you can say whatever you want , but it has to be reasonable . 
  that means that speech that is immoral is not covered by freedom of speech , because immorality interferes with freedom . 
  yes , but somehow the idea seems to float around that real freedom of speech has no limits and i do n't know where that comes from . 
  i do understand freedom of speech very well and what you say is simply not true . 
  there are limits to freedom in every country , also in the us , because there are always other values that can interfere . 
  somehow there is a really simple notion of `` freedom of speech '' floating around and i 'm wondering why this is n't taught correctly . 
  apparantly there is so much focus on the importance of freedom of speech that the thought about its limits is somehow neglected . 
  while i find your position interesting and like your style , i still wonder : did n't trumps success decrease after these statements ? 
  at least that 's what i read about the us elections . 
  i believe they did n't just appear to be non-extremist to avoid the legal consequences , but also to draw a broader mass of people . 
  i do n't even think it 's possible to understand what you are talking about . 
  you did n't understand the `` different concept of freedom '' part . 
  the background is that words lead to actions . 
  you think that words can not do any harm , but we have the idea that that 's naive . 
  i do n't think so . 
  just as freedom has its limits , freedom of speech has limits when it conflicts with other values , i.e. 
  when it is attacking people . 
  edit : freedom of speech has its [ limits ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_free_speech_exceptions ) in the us as well . 
  sure .
