  russians will be ecstatic . 
  i am not against any of these sections under sanctions or russians suffering . 
  nasty hangover after getting drunk like pigs with their krymnash is just what the doctor ordered . 
  they are quite responsible for russian aggressive actions . 
  sad about the crimeans , but they are suffering as a consequence of russian invasion . 
  your `` expert advice '' is always the same - do exactly what russia wants . 
  sanctions are making russia and selected individuals there pay the cost and discouraging them from further aggression and encourage to back down in order for the sanctions to be lessened . 
  that is exactly what needs to done . 
  nice . 
  by the look of how heavily russia lobbies for removing the sanctions it seems they are doing something . 
  yes . 
  also their food is only fit for dogs and women . 
  even if there were border guard would you really massacre the refugees who escape the living hell of latvia ? 
  http://www.ftse.com/products/indices/uk click on eur tab to see the price changes in euros . 
  letter y is pronounced as \u00fc in finnish . 
   even pepper spray seems hash for kids seriously ? 
  you are ruling out pepper spray as too harsh use of force ? 
  you stop these people with the appropriate use of force . 
  it is very doable . 
  you are buying into some straw man that you 'd need to massacre them . 
  these are the people who go back to syria since sweden is not as good as advertised . 
  they are not soviet soldiers running toward bullets as the commissars behind their backs would shoot them for turning back . 
   but you cant protect the whole border because its simpy to long . 
  false . 
   we lost our trust to eu , and it 's up to you folks , to gain it back or maybe it is up to eu to start acting as the power it is and stop giving tiny russia undeserved benefits . 
  russia is an economic dwarf compared to the western world no matter what your propaganda says . 
  my family found out there was a huge nuclear explosion in chernobyl from radio free europe . 
  that information moved my parents not to buy a rare influx of meat and other foodstuff to otherwise empty stores . 
  good thing too as the soviet union was hiding the disaster in order to sell the radioactive food before the people find out . 
  i think it has a lot to do with people who choose journalism as a profession . 
  for example here is a result of a poll showing the most popular party among swedish journalists is the greens with 41 % of the support and 7 % among the general population . 
  ( the second most popular among the journalists was the left party who has 6 % of support among the population ) . 
  18 minutes old comment full of bullshit at the top by a well known bullshitter romek_himself . 
  tell me again how this is n't brigaded . 
  or did some moderator lift it ? 
  russian people are seeing only putin controlled tv anyway . 
  putin has the ability to turn on or off the sentiment about `` russophobia '' no matter what the west actually does . 
  on the other hand a lot of his legitimacy comes from economic well being . 
  it is of course not his particular genius , but his coming to power hit the sweet spot where the painful economic reforms had already been done and the oil price boom started . 
  putin of course took all the credit and kremlin propaganda went on to say that the poverty of the 90s was n't due to the collapse of the ussr system and low oil prices , but thanks to free press ( and if press were free again the poverty would return ) . 
  some russians call it a fight between tv-sets and refrigerators . 
  when their refrigerators are empty then the tv praising putin and active hostility to the rest of the world loses a lot of it 's power . 
  south ossetia is tiny . 
  what is it now - 30k or 40k people ? 
  they 're not even close of being a drain on budget that heavily populated east ukraine would be . 
  russia is stealing factories from there , but would like to leave this tumor inside ukraine . 
  there is one important difference . 
  for example in the category of `` machinery / electrical '' norway exported $ 9.71 b worth and russia exported $ 9.62 b worth . 
  that makes russia 's per capita machinery/electrical exports ~ 28.5 times smaller . 
  latvia was targeted by extremely heavy mass immigration in the 70s and 80s . 
  people were brought in from russia in order to russify latvia and the jobs created for them were fake jobs with no economic justification behind them . 
  these immigrants went back to russia after the soviet union collapsed . 
  same as many people whose life was connected to soviet occupation army went back to russia . 
  fun fact . 
  in cinemas in encino area this movie was advertised as estonia man . 
  24th of february is celebrated as independence day , because the process that happened on 20th of august restored estonian state . 
  today is a day that is also celebrated , but in looking back at recent history and generally feeling joy about how lucky we were 30-25 years ago as almost everything turned out so well against all the odds . 
  it could have been really bad otherwise . 
  a lot of people also miss their relative position in society . 
  while it was bad for everyone they remember how they were better off than their next door neighbor and are n't any more . 
  then they get angry and tailor their other memories around that fact . 
   do you know how the problem in this video was `` fixed '' in russia in 90s ? 
  market prices were set and you could buy anything you wanted without any queues . 
  but the problem was that too many people could not afford it . 
  i know all the ignorant myths about `` the good soviet time '' and `` traitors destroying good life with capitalism '' . 
   if you compare modern russia with russia in 1991 , you will see that economy is approximately the same as it was 25 years ago that is just wrong . 
  you set your whole post up on this wrong premise . 
  food disappeared from shops around 1975 in estonia . 
  just look at all this hdi , if you 're able to handle it !, 
  sort of . 
  being yeltsin 's heir meant he had the whole state machine at his hand to pull all sorts of publicity stunts for him . 
  would n't have happened without these . 
  the important part here is how it was presented to and perceived by the people going to vote for the president in 26th march 2000 . 
  you did the first part of the question okay . 
  now answer what the dumb fucking average russian considering a vote knew ? 
  please do n't choose patriotic lying and answer honestly . 
  perhaps find a poll about name recognition and more for putin at april 1999 ? 
  that should solve it . 
  just stop . 
  you might be speaking from your heart , but you are embarrassing yourself . 
  do you know who was the head of the kgb before putin ? 
  do you know who was after and do you know who is now ? 
  how many voters knew ? 
  how many of these who knew thought it as a definite ` yes ' ? 
  be honest here !, 
  being recently appointed head of the fsb was n't a voter magnet . 
  being personally appointed by yeltsin was certainly not a voter magnet . 
  what needed to be done was to take the unknown putin and make him someone that people want to vote for . 
  tough talking virile contrast to old alcoholic yeltsin winning a decisive war and wiping the shame of previous loss was just what the doctor would order . 
  that is the wrong thing to focus about especially considering that both latvia and lithuania , slackers they are , are still in the top half of nato spenders . 
  there are very valid and sometimes sad reasons that have caused them not being like the other frontier states estonia and poland , but it would go too complex for this conversation . 
  you parsed his post wrong . 
  he said `` that [ betrayal ] is exactly what we expect '', 
  help is nice . 
  help that saved you from the soviet claws gave you the nice safe life and allows you to take this condescending tone toward those less fortunate . 
  based on the 2016 budgets only 5 countries are spending 2 % or more - usa , greece , uk , estonia and poland . 
  front-line countries are certainly not the ones to bring out as the biggest slackers . 
  5 smallest spenders as % of gdp are luxembourg , belgium , spain , slovenia and canada . 
  putin was an unknown person then and yeltsin was n't exactly popular at that time . 
  something was needed to build up putin 's image and public persona .
