  i do n't care about russians lamenting and comparing always messy reality with dreams and unrealistic wishful thinking and finding reality lacking . 
  the collapse of the soviet union was just in time to stop the elimination of estonian nation . 
  decade or two more and we 'd been killed off . 
  you know the whole soviet union performed rather poorly during its existence with hour long lines for food , constant scarcity of everything and kgb enforcing the totalitarianism with iron fist . 
  of course it was a good thing . 
  even putting ethical concerns aside it was a good thing even from purely economic view . 
  near everyone is better off . 
  people are just bad at assessing these kinds of things and many may miss their relative position in the society . 
  after the shakeup a meat store clerk is no longer above a doctor . 
  or perhaps this construct is just full of shit ? 
  red army was what - 6 million ? 
  how many red riflemen were there ? 
  0.1 % of the red army . 
  1 +1 = 2 , so that proves the earth is flat . 
  unless you want to offer another answer to what 1 +1 really is . 
  it is just an edgy blog post full of propaganda . 
  latvians do not honor the `` red riflemen '' faction , who fought against latvian independence . 
  the original ww1 conscripted riflemen unit was much larger and suffered much hardship as it was recklessly sent to hellish conditions by czar . 
  a lot of them ended up fighting for latvian independence . 
  red riflemen statue was installed by the soviets and they are a russian thing . 
  that `` few latvian red riflemen installed communism in russia '' story that edgy russians are pushing is absolutely ridiculous . 
  they could n't install communism in latvia and estonia when supported by huge amount of red army soldiers and were driven out by estonians and latvians and now supposedly russia was so weak that all it took to subdue them was these few latvians . 
  if you believe that then you must be really really careful to not piss latvia off or they 'll send few guys over , who will throw all you russians into gulag again . 
  estonian state never fought on the side of the nazis . 
  soviet state did though . 
  for example when they occupied estonia and started massacres and imprisonments of innocents here they were still allied with the nazi germany . 
  things were n't even that bad for russia . 
  by now it is just part of propaganda : before putin - bad , since putin - good . 
  praise putin !, 
  courts take long time to deliberate . 
  this here demands posts to be `` swiftly '' deleted . 
  maybe you do n't see it as you are inside it . 
  you only notice the extreme forms and say it is not too common , but you might share the everyday level and think this is right . 
  i 'll write a passage from mark twains huckleberry finn from memory . 
   the river boat 's steam engine exploded and it was a talk of the town . 
  when huck arrived to town from the harbor everybody was asking him what happened and was anyone hurt . 
  ` no one was hurt , only a nigger was killed ' , answered huck . 
  everyone was glad that nothing serious had happened so huckleberry finn and most of the townies were n't radically racist , but this passage above shows what the everyday non-noticable level was . 
  i have an accurate view of things . 
  i might not be doing a very good job explaining these things and my views to you as i am a bit distracted right now . 
  you one the other hand are the one who does n't even know what is going on and seem more interested in saying that whatever they are your judgement , that you made without even knowing things , is the correct one . 
  for russians it is n't even that fringe minority . 
  chauvinism and arrogance are integral parts of russian culture . 
  we are not talking about something becoming law here , but by the constant disgusting arrogant shit russians push . 
  like fighting against teaching estonian in russian schools or turning everything they have power over into some russky mir anti-estonian vatnikfest . 
  them finding every opportunity to behave like arrogant pieces of shit makes me not like them very much . 
  green men have nothing to do with any of this . 
  there are muslim activists who push for sharia in europe and are in every way extremely hostile and disruptive . 
  do you think they are relying on some foreign green men to invade the uk ? 
  same with the russians in estonia and latvia . 
  they just keep relentlessly pushing their disgusting agenda at every moment possible . 
  they know they live in a free country and have nothing to fear . 
  what would nato have to do with it ? 
  mayor is not fined for speaking russian . 
  he is fined for publishing official information in facebook in russian and not publishing this information in latvian as well as the law says . 
  all government communication with the public must be published also in latvian . 
  as for your other points - latvian language is under pressure . 
  many russians do get the perverse joy in furthering the russification so latvian language must be protected . 
  there are laws to protect it and when some people go to probe these laws to test what they can get away with then the laws must be enforced . 
  what discrimination of the majority ? 
  if the mayor of latvian capital refuses to publish official government information in latvian then he is discriminating latvians and continuing the soviet era russification policies . 
  latvian language is the one here that is endangered ( thanks to said russification policies of soviet occupation ) . 
  russian language is not endangered . 
  you see these red riflemen tried to implement communism in latvia and estonia , but were beaten away from here . 
  after that they just took an easier task and installed communism in russia . 
  p.s do you know how many of these `` red '' riflemen were there at various points . 
  just want to learn some history and understand how many latvians it take to put russia under their boot . 
  requiring that latvian governments all public communication must be available in latvian is not discriminating russians . 
  it is preventing the discrimination of latvians . 
   brussels provided 200 million euros to the efforts , a commitment matched by the italian government during the first phase of the plan . 
  i 'd hope this would have bought more than just one boat . 
  the poll in the article was about russian views of stalin . 
  it did n't mention putin . 
   in russia , 58 % of adults see stalin 's historical role in either a `` very '' or `` mostly '' positive light , compared with just 22 % who feel the same way about gorbachev . 
  are you 12 ? 
  phobia is irrational by definition . 
  rational view of russia and russians is called russorealism . 
  yes . 
  i have seen it . 
  it was installed by the soviet occupying power and i wish it were destroyed , but we all know what sort of tantrum russia would throw in that case . 
  you start from so ridiculous positions that there is no going forward with arguments from there . 
  i have seen this latvian rifleman bullshit being posted by several russians . 
  is this something that your state propaganda promotes or is this just some internet edgyness ? 
  the law that latvian government official 's public communication must be in latvian ( with additional languages allowed , but neglecting latvian forbidden ) gives you sorrow ? 
  well cry away !, 
   russians were the most oppressed ethnicity in ussr  moreover , latvia played huge part in establishing regime of communist terror in russia . 
  can you try to be less brainwashed . 
  you are lapping up the most ridiculous russian propaganda . 
  that sort of idiocy is what i only expect to come from a new breed of 13 year old homo-putinismus grown under current russian mind molding regime . 
  not much to do with the article . 
  the article does n't mention putin . 
  it does show how the majority of russians like stalin for example . 
  regular russians are mostly disgusting imperialists who embrace the fake history denying and glorifying their crimes . 
  i think the use of a collective term for a bunch of very different countries is not really useful . 
  it is like hammering away these differences into imagined and not based on reality stereotype picture of ee . 
  people should read it before posting that `` good russians and bad putin '' nonsense . 
  russia is a mongolian province under temporary rebellion . 
  russians exist as slaves to the khan . 
  germany is surrounded by foreign armies and bases from each side . 
  there are troops and bases from france , netherlands , belgium , denmark , poland , austria , czechia and switzerland .
