  they surely wanted also to live in peace with ukrainians , but these damn ukrainians started to think too much about themselves and wanted to make a trade treaty with the eu . 
  do n't forget that at first the ussr , in alliance with the nazis , `` liberated '' half of poland from poles . 
  then the nazis `` liberated '' that half from the ussr and only after that did the ussr `` liberate '' the whole poland back from the nazis . 
  russia is a post-truth society . 
  they may all believe that ( even while knowing it is n't true ) . 
  in their mind it is not wrong to believe false things because overall west is hostile to russia , every country has propaganda and there is no truth anyway . 
   we have rather free press , can you imagine ? 
  `` we tell outrageous lies and propaganda in our state controlled tv '' - such a russian understanding of free press . 
   there are no winners in wars tell that to carthaginians . 
  oh wait ... you ca n't . 
  they were all killed and their lands salted . 
  according to this `` report '' finland , supported by germany , invaded soviet union . 
  it is not a very truthful report . 
  i do n't think many people are surprised that russian state controlled tv is full of lunatics . 
  it seems to me german people have n't really thought this through because war is a distasteful thing to think about , but they believe that this is how it would probably work . 
  poland should attack after 6pm when german military has already gone home . 
  for proving my point that there are people who believe and spread the propaganda lie that stalin regime killed many times less people than they actually did . 
  someone should attack . 
  perhaps poland . 
  i have explained the point in my posts in this thread . 
  i am really glad that you are in this thread and write these messages as you are an example of a person on whom this sort of campaign has worked and you demonstrate it well . 
  you are missing the point . 
  and again you are talking like the `` great purge '' was the only way people were executed . 
  you are repeating that sweet lie i claim this kind of propaganda is trying to sell . 
  so you have bought the other lie . 
  estonia was invaded by the ussr while the nazis and soviets were still allies . 
  you did n't know that the real sequence 's start is : `` liberation '' from estonian government -  installing a puppet government that was recognized only by two countries in their worls ( their ally nazi germany and yes-man sweden ) -  mass murders and repressions -  declaring that estonia belongs to soviets now -  nazi invasion, 
  thank you . 
  9 % of people living in estonia say stalin played a positive role in history and 58 % of people in russia do that . 
  that is not my experience . 
  i see a lot of desire from wide array of groups to whitewash these crimes and to minimize the perceived number of victims . 
  one of these groups is kremlin and they have achieved making stalin a quite popular figure . 
  in a recent study 58 % of russians said stalin played very/mostly positive role in history . 
  then you just extend that meme to the less retarded groups . 
  for example kids in / r/socialism . 
  i imagine a thread there . 
  i was educated in america and ca n't trust what i learned . 
  was stalin really a mass murderer ? '', 
  and answer `` stalin did quite some bad things , but these are heavily exaggerated by capitalist fearmongers , so don ' believe the stories about him killing 600 billion people . 
  here is a quote from american historian g.w bubblebop - `` stalin 's great terror repressed 760k people , out of whom 380k were killed '' . 
  that was a terrible terrible thing as some of these people were innocent and my heart bleeds for them . 
  yet we must look at this in wider context of bla bla bla '' this sort of stuff gets upvoted in / r/socialism and unless there is a quick post debunking it will get memed into the brains of several dwellers there . 
  what do you believe the real number of stalinism 's victims was ? 
  is it considerably higher than 760k repressed out of which 380k were executed ? 
  if so then being able to deliver a `` meme '' that it was only that little is a whitewashing victory . 
  because people will forget everything else and remember this : stalin 's great terror = 760 thousand repressed this will be remembered as `` stalin repressed only 760 thousand people '' . 
  i have seen it having been very successful among the far left internet dwellers . 
  that is how the whitewashing works . 
  by careful omissions and misleading emphasizes it is delivering the `` info '' that there were only 760 thousand victims of stalin into public consciousness . 
  that tactic has already had success in radical circles as that is the number internet stalinist-activists like to quote . 
  now it is being taken into mainstream . 
  what you are talking is mostly bonkers also . 
  your military knowledge just allows you to create a much more sophisticated bonkers . 
  sounds like a proactive whitewashing attempt to deliver the number below  about how the bolsheviks staged a campaign of repression , the victims of which were more than ** 760 thousand people **, 
   i have an actual military education and rank . 
  and you use your knowledge to rationalize your wishful thinking and motivated reasoning . 
  so in estonia it would mean people who ca n't afford to rent a tent for 30 $ a week ? 
  i think people answering are defining this each in their own way . 
  it does n't take much to afford to go camping even if you have to rent a tent ( 30 $ a week in estonia ) . 
  if it were a polish immigrant to netherlands saying to unintegrated netherlands muslims  `` if you do n't like this freedom , for heaven 's sake , pack your bags and leave , ''  `` vanish from the netherlands if you can not find your place here . 
  and if you do n't like it here because some humourists you dislike are producing a newspaper , then -- if i may say so -- just f *** off . '' ... then a lot of far-ish left posters in this subreddit would remind him that this is not european way , he has not evolved enough and overall should just shut up because he supposedly has been a beneficiary of the net-paying country taxes and should know his place and polish immigrants suck and cause crimes . 
  quite disturbing to see the sickness of russian propagandist mind . 
  edit : also that 's the russian style cultural exchange . 
  for example german government funds goethe institute to promote german literature and art in estonia . 
  russian government funds him . 
  so your definition of russian is a person who can only speak russian and expects everyone else should speak russian too no matter what country they live in ? 
  you seem pretty interested that there should be these imaginary 6 year old kids who do n't speak a word of the national language . 
  that looks like an attempt to bypass sanctions . 
  russian police should raid that plane when it lands and confiscate any contraband . 
  why the men though ? 
  swedish drivers are not even near to be contenders this year . 
   russian presidential elections good joke . 
   nonetheless , the brunt of the sanctions are the eu sanctions i am not sure . 
  the western sanctions ( eu and usa ) do n't have to do with trade . 
  they are about financing and technology . 
  russia can and did counter-sanction eu as the food import ban had an effect and they ca n't counter-sanction the usa that way . 
  the us sanctions are also hurting russia because the usa has a lot of power when it comes to financing . 
   what would you suggest should be done to a 6 year old kid that does n't speak a word of the national language ( s ) , then ? 
  avoid this situation . 
  make it so that there would not be such 6 year olds . 
  teach the national language in kindergartens and pre school etc. . . 
  you know the sole purpose of accepting the wishes of the baltics and accepting us in the nato was that things were going very well in the world at that time and the west was feeling ready to be altruistic and do the good thing . 
  things were really lucky for us as altruistic behavior and doing the good thing is not always present in the world . 
  what do you mean by containing russia by the way ? 
  preventing russia from conquering more territory ? 
  why would you defend that ? 
  it could be an act of protest if the school failed to provide the opportunity to pick another language . 
  do you know how this warsaw pact alliance was formed ? 
  by russia invading and subjugating countries . 
  it is happening all the time . 
  just yesterday there was an article about 500 kg of estonian radishes and 200 kg of polish apples being destroyed somewhere in russia . 
   that is a democracy what you are saying is that the occupying country should ethnically cleanse the occupied regions and fill it with their immigrants . 
  after that it is time to play `` democracy '' for a while . 
  russians being a special kind of orthodox people and russia a country where laws of logic do n't apply has became a much larger part of kremlin propaganda . 
  looks like it is working . 
  but that is the truth . 
  hitler even prevented foreign military aid from reaching finland because he and stalin had already secretly agreed that finland will go to the ussr and were in deep cooperation . 
  you commie kids are often so ignorant about history . 
  finland was neutral and nazis and soviets were allied during the winter war . 
  your attempt at genocide getting interrupted by nato seems to have left some deep emotional scars .
