  ussr life expectancy was nowhere near the us in the 60s and early 70s . 
  i have seen this claimed before and the wikipedia sources eventually lead to some opinion article in a magazine that does n't offer further sources . 
  here is russian life expectancy chart - http://i.imgur.com/4krfewj.png, 
  that is certainly one of the things . 
  i am not even focusing on romania alone nor am i saying that romania was fully free market in 1990 ( it lagged behind others like poland , who are also in the list ) , but it had taken steps toward becoming a measurable economy with currency being freely convertible since 1989 for example . 
  economy with limited price controls is still somewhat measurable instead of one with full price controls and non-convertible currency . 
  czech republic and poland etc. . . were ahead in reforms and i dare say their economies could already be measured in 1990 . 
  there is a difference between measurable economy and recovered economy . 
  it was a slow process to move toward either , but as the first steps of reforms the economy started to get more and more measurable even though it was still in bad shape . 
  one of the worst features of centrally controlled planned economy was that no one knew what was going on . 
  of course all these countries had scars from the commie ruined economy , but i am talking specifically about being able to perform basic measurements . 
  look at the soviet union in 1990 - the official currency exchange rate was ~ 0.6 rubles for a dollar , but that was on paper only as no one was able to acquire foreign currency at that rate . 
  in june 1990 estonian bank carried a currency auction and dollars were bought at the rate of 27 rubles for 1 . 
  that is 43.5 times the difference between the official rate and what enterprises were willing to pay . 
  very hard to get realistic economic measurements in so distorted system , but that sort of thing was gone in countries like poland by 1990 already . 
  finland is `` special '' . 
  sorry if this comes across as harsh , but as long as your ignorance is at the level as you readily admit and your other comments show then perhaps you should n't try to explain things based on just guesswork and rumors from very dubious sources . 
  i get that you are not looking to be a commie apologist , but the false arguments you wrote here are the ones invented by commie apologists and these apply to their invented dream world past and not to an actual history . 
  usually commie country measurements would be all wrong because of price controls and non-convertible currency with huge differences between official and real exchange rate , but this is not the case in op-s picture as all the former commie countries listed there had gotten rid of these distortions by 1990 . 
   i may be just parroting what i was taught that you do . 
  you are repeating absolutely made up `` history '' for the purpose of apologism . 
  edit : i phrased it badly . 
  i did n't want to say the purpose of your post is apologism . 
  i want to say that these made up ` facts ' you rely were made up for the purpose of commie apologism . 
  these countries were not communist yet in 1938 and not any more in 1990 . 
  they had free market , no price controls and convertible currency so the gdp measurement in 1990 can be rather accurate . 
  how can you throw him out if you do n't know he is playing pokemon ? 
  that is why he was n't thrown out . 
  he just had his phone out , so who could tell . 
  he was arrested only after uploading his video , where people saw that he was in fact pokemonging . 
  this is establishing a practice where people at seemingly random are given harsh punishments for minor things . 
  once it is a common practice it is easier to intimidate others as they know that ridiculous sentences is the norm in russia . 
  say that a civic movement not liked by kremlin rises . 
  members of that movement may fall under scrutiny and unless they turn their life into strictly walking the line some are hit with one of these ridiculous sentences . 
  that does enough to discourage people from participating in these movements . 
  i am agreeing you that it was more . 
  it was much more considering that at that time and technology level the long range missiles were slow to set ready and clumsy and short range missiles were the only available surprise attack weapon . 
  there is much more to this . 
  in 1962 short range missiles could be readied quickly and stay ready to launch . 
  long range missiles took days to be made ready to launch and could stay ready only for a short time . 
  currently all missiles are ready all the time . 
  the man was convicted for this text  `` the communists and germany jointly invaded poland , sparking off the second world war . 
  that is , communism and nazism closely collaborated , yet for some reason they blame bandera who was in a german concentration camp for declaring ukrainian independence '' . 
  of course the real reason was that he wrote an article that kremlin did n't like , but that was the crime-part in the court proceedings . 
  of course they all know it is not true . 
  that is not the point there . 
  the point is to show that anybody can be sent to prison for ridiculous reasons . 
  quite strong warning to those discontent and looking to do something about it through civic processes . 
  are you in fact aware of wikileaks recent doings ? 
  like them attacking panama papers leak as `` western plot to harm putin '' and their actions during the current us election season when they are misrepresenting , sensationalizing , teasing and plainly lying in order to influence people to vote for trump . 
   surely not for us . 
  for germany ? 
  i think it worked out quite well . 
  first of all west germany were n't allowed to be invaded by the ussr and by the end of the cold war east germany was freed . 
  and during his current presidency the gdp is falling off the cliff after all . 
  a bit heavier sanctions would give the fall some boost and make putin or any other russian leader realize that invading neigbours has downsides too . 
  name 3 most important exposes . 
  if you ca n't name 3 then just one . 
  can you name any from the past 5 years ? 
  their mentality makes them make a lot of noise about how they are not afraid of the hardship before the hardship actually arrives , but they 'll fold very easily . 
  putin 's legitimacy and the reason why russians tolerate all this crap from their elite is that 90s were economically hard and ( although through luck ) putin 's reign has not been . 
  when things were to get hard again that legitimacy would be gone . 
  he does more than exposing . 
  he is actively trying to influence things by sensationalized promises of leaks to come , selective releasing at crucial times and even by outright lying . 
  this is how he has spent the trust credit he once had with people . 
  i am not saying that assange should be restricted from tweeting and neither is the article . 
  i am saying that i 'd felt better if more and more people were to find out what a crook that man is to properly assess how much to trust him and i believe the article helps with that . 
  timing also matters because voting matters in western countries . 
  sometimes voting matters tremendously as was recently the case with the brexit referendum . 
  russia tailors their propaganda to work on dumb people and dumb people are likely to choose a radical ideology . 
  all far - movements are also somewhat political outsiders so arguments prefixed with `` unlike what the mainstream view '' are strong arguments for them . 
  media mainstream in europe and usa has also f * cked up too many times so many people are rightfully skeptical of them , so a swedish press covering up something about immigrant mass sexual harassment in festivals might push some people to accept russian lies and conspiracy theories without even critically examining them . 
  they are not really that cornered and sanctions are disappointingly mild . 
  there are a lot of things russia can do to get the sanctions eased , but russia is just not interested in doing that . 
  perhaps if the sanctions were a bit harsher . 
  bob beckel is not `` hillary clinton strategist '' . 
  he also made this comment in 2010 . 
  wikileaks digging it up right now in election time and adding a non-existing hillary connection to it is them manufacturing scandals from nothing . 
  the video was presented as us helicopter murdering journalists in cold blood . 
  all the commentary given together with the video was selling this angle . 
  what the video showed in reality was helicopter acting as it should in conflict zone , but that is not readily apparent to 99.999 % of us who are n't military pilots . 
  winston churchill said , `` a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . 
  '' , and the production of these lies is what we see wikileaks engaging in . 
  who are these few and why are they in isolation cells ? 
  i am still waiting for the release of that bombshell on russia wikileaks announced at 26 oct 2010 . 
  looks like something came out of russia at least once and reached wikileaks . 
  they still have n't published anything yet though . 
   wikileaks has published more than 650,000 documents about russian & president putin , most of which is critical . 
  can you name 3 important things that wikileak revealed about russia ? 
  can you name even one ? 
  can you name one important thing they have revealed about russia during the past 5 years ? 
  that is really not the case with many of these sensationalized leaks . 
  for example the famous ` collateral murder ' video , that was first shown in edited version and even when watching the unedited version it is not easy to see what is going on . 
  yet the news cycle is so fast that the accompanying unfair commentary has the chance to influence the public and even when the corrections come out later they do n't usually influence the low information voter base that the prepared sensations are designed to influence . 
  trying to cultivate eton 5 ? 
  europe is fine . 
  russian economy is in serious trouble . 
  that is behind the intense russian lobby to remove the sanctions . 
  just need to give a bit of time for the hangover to set in and russians will be much mellower . 
  then for the starters putin will stop his war in east ukraine and some of the sanctions will be relieved .
