how is thinking that putin is a strong leader and shooting down russian planes if they do n't stop their idiocy contradicting each other ? 
  you want to call nordic countries socialist because they are successful and actual socialist countries are state capitalist because they are poor . 
  this way you end up with the cold war being a conflict between socialist usa and state capitalist ussr and socialism prevailed . 
  nordic countries are not socialist . 
  they are free market capitalist . 
  we did receive 7 refugees , but that was in 2016 , so could n't have been counted . 
  it is mostly russians and ukrainians . 
  statistics website does n't have 2015 data queriable yet , but in 2014 the largest number of immigrants ( 747 ) came from russia followed by 428 from ukraine . 
  mostly russians and ukrainians . 
  7 % was within the old borders . 
  according to this https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/venestamine#venestamine_20._sajandil it was 97.1 % estonian in 1945 within the new borders . 
  what your chart shows is the mass immigration from russia during the russian occupation and then some of the recent arrivals leaving after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  it does not show the number of estonians . 
   genetics has no part in this . 
  it 's the culture that 's rotten . 
  agree . 
  did n't claim otherwise in any of my posts . 
  rotten russian revanchist chauvinist imperium yearning culture . 
   there 's really not a lot of difference between the estonian and russian cultures . 
  somebody said it and i thought it was you , paravin . 
  `` russians emigrate to riga and instead of embracing the country they escaped to they proclaim that they are creating a new russia , but without putin , there '' . 
  it was one of the latvian posters . 
  if russians gain power in estonia then the democracy and human rights are done with . 
  it is not about some genes for most of these who are worried about the russian immigration . 
  it is about losing our freedom and our way of life . 
  and this way of life is being quite free not only compared to russia , but compared to pretty much every country in the world . 
  soviet union had millions of people dying at the time when they were exporting food . 
  they claim it just happened by accident because ledgers were read wrong or something . 
  that shows how little it took . 
  how well would they have done if it were n't for american lend-lease aid of food , trucks and whatever the fuck else . 
  read your own post . 
  maybe you meant something different , but what you wrote was : ethnic cleansing did not harm you . 
   because why would we want to preserve such a shitty culture ? 
  are you perhaps a well meaning russian in estonia , who ca n't for the world figure out why these fucking subhuman natives are not lining behind your ideas ? 
  do you really maintain that mass immigration that almost made estonians a minority in our own country did n't harm us and is n't still causing harm ? 
  i suspect you probably just do n't know . 
  so what you are basically saying is that you do n't approve americans saving russian asses in ww2 and you 'd rather have had your kind be exterminated ? 
  i saw that next generation with gastrollers mixed in in 2007 . 
  2014 is also the latest that i can figure out how to query . 
  immigration saldo : russia +559 ukraine +402 america +130, 
  brussels had 90 % of the molenbeek kids calling the bombers heroes . 
  you understood it wrong . 
  the reassessment of population made immigrants from eu larger , because the earlier counting methods were less accurate . 
  immigration is still mostly from russia . 
  it is not given . 
  we are now living in a world of global communication through tv and internet . 
  the pressure to integrate is not there any more . 
  getting more and more of effectively monolingual russian speakers is not good for estonia . 
  even countries with far less immigrant population and far less threatened by a propaganda from a hostile neighbor are in trouble . 
  use this - https://translate.google.com/#ru/en/ - write in phonetic latin and then correct any mistakes with the on screen keyboard coming from pressing the keyboard button . 
  estonia is one example of that kind of country . 
  being enslaved by soviet russia and filled with massive amount of unwanted immigrants seriously harmed us . 
  during the soviet occupation estonia was targeted by mass immigration of russians . 
  the legacy of that is that there is a large group of people who think that estonia would be a wonderful country with it 's relatively high living standards and pleasant society if it were n't for these fucking estonians here and wait for russian tanks to invade and restore their status as the master race . 
  most of the immigrants to estonia nowadays are russians , out of whom many will join these people . 
  it is not a blessing . 
  it really is n't . 
  that statement is about the change of assessment due to updated methodology . 
  the actual immigrants coming in are mostly russians and ukrainians . 
  the largest single group of immigrants has been russians from russia for a while with ukrainian citizens hitting a spike in 2015 . 
  nope . 
  i was just wondering what the first results will show when you type in `` why does estonia hate russia '' and thought that maybe you know enough russian to type in that google query . 
  can you write in russian language ? 
  what do the links coming up with that search tell them ? 
  http://diplomafraud.com/2013/02/21/fake-doctorates-russia-to-crack-down-on-academic-fraud/  twenty-four out of 25 ph. 
  d. theses checked by a special government commission at the university turned out to have extensive plagiarisms and numerous violations of doctoral requirements . 
  unscrupulous `` researchers '' had copied up to 90 per cent of their dissertations from other sources . 
  [ ... ]  prime minister dmitry medvedev admitted the exposed cases were the tip of an iceberg . 
  `` the number of phony doctorates surpasses all possible limits , '' mr. medvedev said . 
  [ ... ]  the market of fake university diplomas and postgraduate degrees has flourished in russia after the fall of the soviet union . 
  according to some estimates , 30 to 50 per cent of academic degrees have been purchased . 
  might have something to do with estonia 's very generous parent welfare - 435 days of previous average salary . 
  economic crises was driving the unemployment up and a lot of people might have thought that now is a good time to have a baby before they lose their job anyway . 
  maybe otherwise they were planning to have a baby after couple of years so this brought 2010 higher and made the next couple of years lower . 
  tell that to native americans . 
  we had climate in estonia too some 25 years ago . 
  it truly is a horrible thing . 
  weird ruling , but 6 months jail for trying to steal one sausage seems also excessive . 
  edit : is italy 's legal system precedent based at all ? 
  would make sense if it is n't and the judge just thought 6 months for one sausage is too much and that is why he let the guy go . 
  why is vilnius called portugal ? 
  so they are russian imperialists looking to restore the situation where all nations live together under the guidance of great russians and everybody is happy as long as these lesser nations remember their place . 
  according to russia they have never sent tanks there and yet there are several hundreds . 
  russia has lied so much that no one takes them seriously any more . 
  net receipts were $ 473.8, 
  / r/imperiumrojava is not an optimist . 
  he just has an agenda . 
  in his world these 4000 troops are both a real threat and provocation against russia that russia must respond to and nothing because russia is invincible , but he still argues against having the baltics protected every chance he gets . 
  i have no doubt that people like him would be the loudest voices among those saying the baltics are at fault and nato should do nothing should the baltics be invaded by russia . 
  180 degree turn from his current advocacy that nato should leave the baltics unprotected because they have nothing to fear . 
  i am glad that in estonia the russian gangsters were just killed . 
  that was certainly not in line with traditional rule of law and due process , but we adopted these things after the gangsters were all dead . 
   equality - remember that in the ussr ppl were equal . 
  the demographic situation was great back then . 
  that is nonsense . 
  during the soviet occupation the demographic situation was that of mass immigration of russians , who were of course more equal than the other `` equals '' . 
  you might as well praise german demographic situation should they get some 50 million refugees and lament it when by some miracle these refugees would go back some time in the future . 
  russia would always manage to give an excuse to the pathetic russiaboos . 
  finland would be guilty of being invaded by russia in case of russian invasion in the eyes of people like you . 
  you see how weak eu is .
