  so you pay extra and then your car wo n't pass the inspection . 
  what if you chose for diesel mileage and power that will go worse after the update ? 
   this , for example , is how the book analyzes the russian army 's battle against napoleon , in 1812 : `` if you are at point a and you need to strike at point b , then you will be forced to make a one-two strike , from a to b by way of zero . 
  that is too long a strike . 
  but if you place yourself at point zero , then your strike will be short and merciless . '' it reminds me the writings of jared lee loughner . 
  they hate capitalism because capitalists invented debts . 
  140-210 euros a month is pretty shitty even for russia . 
  shows where the governments priorities are . 
  do you think the bullshit russian conspiracy theories about the mh-17 shooting they pushed or attacking panama papers leak as jewish plot to harm putin is just presenting facts ? 
  what ? 
  russians and americans are about the most different folks imaginable . 
  americans go far about freedom and russians go far about obedience to the czar . 
  how about you tell me about the time when the usa invaded and occupied canada and let cia go wild with enacting a murderous terror regime there ? 
  so you would say kgb and their puppet stasi in east germany was exactly as whatever american service present in west germany ? 
  oh well , you might say that because you really do n't care about the reality . 
  that is just not true . 
  russia is supporting those who they view as harmful to the west . 
  they support traditional ideological opposites like nazis with one hand and commies with the other . 
  cia is not just american kgb or american gestapo . 
  these countries are not opposite and equal . 
  kgb was a totalitarian terror organization . 
  soviet union was a cruel criminal regime . 
  nothing like that has ever existed in the usa . 
  john r. schindler has been saying already for years that wikileaks has turned to russian intelligence front . 
  his blog is at https://20committee.com/ if you are interested . 
  here is his latest article on the topic - http://observer.com/2016/07/wikileaks-dismantling-of-dnc-is-clear-attack-by-putin-on-clinton/, 
  most of the increase this year is just the gold price getting higher so russian gold holdings are counted worth more dollars . 
  we 'll get a bronze in fencing tonight and pass them . 
  select ` all time ' from the dropdown menu in the left to select a period . 
  you 're not on the list for rio because you have n't gotten medals from rio . 
  add the second sentence for the prime minister bit :  i am particularly worried about the actions of the prime minister . 
  ** there is videotape of national guard members firing on demonstrators from the roof of the prime ministry . 
  what is bad in this e-mail ? 
  for people who do n't react to name soros as a bull seeing red . 
  mainila !, 
  that is summer olympics only . 
  sweden is second in summer + winter . 
  russia has legislative election in 18th september . 
  i think they are going to do enough to keep people talking about ukraine instead of talking why the economy is shit or the officials corrupt and other unpleasant things . 
  it explains your extreme bias and frankly your insults will hurt ukrainians less if they know it is from a pakistani . 
  one of the main lines russian propaganda is pushing toward ukrainians is that `` europeans do n't care about you and despise you '' . 
  but you 're not an ethnic swede or are you ? 
  stalin turned a shithole into 100 times worse shithole . 
   i 'm not by any means some stalinist apologist of course you are . 
  you really think so ? 
  a mass murdering paranoid tyrant played a positive role in russia 's history ? 
  what do you think about hitler and his role in german history ? 
  was it also positive ? 
  i would n't trust people to dare speaking the truth in phone polls in crimea . 
  wikileaks has been a front for russian intelligence for years . 
  i am quite able to grasp the concept of russians being jingoists with post-imperial complexes . 
  you yourself admitted it by calling stalin 's favorability rising to 54 % a ` patriotic fever ' . 
  your link says 54 % of the respondents saying stalin played a positive role in country 's history . 
  russia is trying very hard to get the sanctions removed . 
  i 'd say these are doing something good in discouraging kremlin from further adventures . 
  even selling them weapons would be a start . 
  nope . 
  all the ex commie countries had privatization and transfer to market economy . 
  all these countries are fine . 
  russia 's problem is their post imperial complexes and blaming west for political reasons . 
  putin has clamped down on freedom and democracy and wants russians to believe these things mean post collapse poverty . 
  that reset was just another step of appeasement . 
  `` you invaded georgia , but it 's alright . '', 
  russia was helped plenty . 
  they turned aggressive when they got high on the oil money as this is just russian way . 
  poor little russia . 
  they are clearly the victim here . 
  putin is sanctioning regular russians himself with his food import ban . 
   where to talk pure russian you would have to find people older than 50 and last estonian men taken to the soviet army where they 'd learn russian were in ~ 1990 . 
  someone who was 18 in 1990 is 44 now . 
  it is a meme from the time when russian media published a new conspiracy theory every day . 
  mh-17 left amsterdam already filled with dead bodies , flight controller ` carlos ' said he heard ukrainian air force shooting it down , ukrainians thought the plane is putin 's and shot it down , victoria nuland gave $ 5b to overthrow yanukovich etc ... russians were constantly posting all these conspiracy theories and demanded them to be proven wrong . 
  well , add these stories together and according to russia there are no russian soldiers in crimea or anywhere in ukraine and no russian tanks nor artillery . 
  yet the reality is different . 
  figures that it is an austrian who comes out with ` hitler is not black or white but gray ' . 
  it would be newsworthy if the rada actually did it . 
  so far it is just text by one person who is not even a member of any party . 
  these people are disliked because they do n't care about the guilt or innocense of their targets . 
  they think their overall mission and message are so much more important for the big picture than things like actual facts or honesty . 
  these commie apologists are a bit funny . 
  when you show the pictures of empty stores and misery from 1990 they say it does n't count because collapse . 
  yet it was the peak year according to the rigged soviet statistics , so when it comes to lamenting about capitalism they use these statistics to say how much a switch to the market economy supposedly made everything worse . 
  i think you 're just playing being stupid now . 
  i am reading your posts . 
  in your very first message you were claiming western and russian media are the same things . 
  rifles , but just pointed in opposite directions . 
  that is not how it is . 
  in reality the failures of western media combined with the failures of human nature allow russian disinformation and propaganda service masquerading as media to be successful . 
  `` mh-17 was shot down by ukrainian air force . 
  they wanted to shoot down putin 's plane , but missed and hit mh-17 instead . '', 
   `` the russian media portrays anything going on from the point of view of vladimir putin . '', 
  it is even worse than that . 
  somebody wanting to create chaos might yell ` fire ! ', 
  in a crowded theater . 
  it is not his view that there is a fire . 
  he is yelling a lie to get an effect he desires . 
  small correction . 
  the ww2 started in 1939 . 
  rt is visually appealing and modern in its form to increase their appeal . 
  well done .
