  big budget and learning from the west . 
  that is only visual form though . 
  their content is not at all comparable to respectable western media . 
  they just plainly lie and misrepresent things . 
  helps that their target group is idiots and these people do n't mind being lied to . 
  look at nominal gdp . 
  ppp just does n't work for petrostates . 
  ppp showed that venezuela was fine and still is decent , but that view is n't supported by the actual situation there . 
   whereas the russian government ( and part of the russian people ) is openly proud of the country 's soviet history . 
  yeah . 
  fuck them !, 
  russians needed loans from the west . 
  without these loans there would have been starvation and after starvation god knows what . 
  https://www.aei.org/feature/the-soviet-collapse/ when the situation in the soviet union is examined from financial and hard currency perspectives , gorbachev 's policies at the time are much easier to comprehend ( see figure 6 ) . 
  government-to-government loans were bound to come with a number of rigid conditions . 
  for instance , if the soviet military crushed solidarity party demonstrations in warsaw , the soviet union would not have received the desperately needed $ 100 billion from the west . 
  the socialist bloc was stable when the soviet union had the prerogative to use as much force as necessary to reestablish control , as previously demonstrated in germany , hungary , and czechoslovakia . 
  but in 1989 the polish elites understood that soviet tanks would not be used to defend the communist government . 
  http://i.imgur.com/msypr6n.png the only option left for the soviet elites was to begin immediate negotiations about the conditions of surrender . 
  gorbachev did not have to inform president george h. w. bush at the malta summit in 1989 that the threat of force to support the communist regimes in eastern europe would not be employed . 
  this was already evident at the time . 
  six weeks after the talks , no communist regime in eastern europe remained . 
  of course , the west was still careful about directly supporting independence movements inside the soviet union . 
  when the lithuanian authorities approached the american embassy in moscow to ask whether the united states would lend support to the independence of lithuania , the immediate response was negative . 
  when the soviet union tried to use force to reestablish control in baltic states in january 1991 , however , the reaction from the west -- including from the united states -- was fairly straightforward : `` do as you wish , this is your country . 
  you can choose any solution , but please forget about the $ 100 billion credit . '' what were gorbachev 's options at the time ? 
  he could not easily dissolve the soviet empire ; the conservative elements inside the soviet leadership were strongly against this notion . 
  yet he could not prevent the dissolution of the empire without a massive use of force . 
  but if force was employed , the soviet state would not get the necessary funds from the west , without which gorbachev had no chance of staying in power . 
  this conundrum was the source of gorbachev 's dilemma , forcing him to strike a deal with both the military and boris yeltsin . 
  it led to a choice between living in some crowded lousy repair group house no nearer than 100km to a city working for pittance , going to jail or disappearing from the radar and becoming a homeless ( who officially did n't exist and was against the law , but the police often did n't bother them if they stayed quiet and out of the way ) . 
  kremlin controlled politicians in europe are pushing for the following : they want governments to bring in many refugee/immigrants ( because they want europe to explode ) and they want people to say `` we 'd rather not have them , but the immigrants are because of the usa and we have to take them because of our moral responsibility for being guilty of being us allies '' . 
  these are the propaganda arguments used in the soviet union . 
  at least they had consistent internal logic then because at that time the ussr denied the existence of the secret protocols . 
  minimum wage in belarus is 102 $ gross in a month . 
  sorry , this is not how any of this works . 
  as a mental exercise i suggest you try out the scenario of your own claim ` belarus can double investments in a year ' . 
  it is primary school math . 
  this story https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wheat_and_chessboard_problem should get you started , but do n't forget to add a new chessboard after every square is filled . 
  i 'd say `` make whatever coins you wa n't , but do n't be surprised to be viewed as aggressive imbeciles based on it '' . 
  it is not ` everyone who does n't think the same way ' . 
  it is a peculiar behavior for / r/europe where at least during the first few hours of this thread mean russian sneers are upvoted to the top and messages congratulating ukraine to the bottom , some even below the threshold . 
  that is not how the economy works . 
  the drop would not be just this 15 % . 
  that money has multiplier effect as it is span around in the economy and also allows investment choices by giving money to investments and money to consumers . 
  soviets occupied whoever they could despite the alliances of these countries . 
  czech republic or poland did n't ally with the nazis , but got occupied just because the soviet forces were there . 
  finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania and poland were invaded by the soviets while the soviets themselves were still allied with the nazis . 
  belarus is one of these countries benefiting from oil money in the form of incredibly large russian subsidies alone , that russia does for their own reasons and could n't afford for much larger ukraine . 
  other than these huge subsidies belorussian economy is a stagnating mess . 
  http://belarusdigest.com/story/how-russias-subsidies-save-belarusian-economy-23118  for instance , in 2012 due to favourable energy prices belarus saved $ 10 billion or 16 % of gdp , according to the economic institute of the belarusian national academy of sciences . 
  using the same methodology would suggest that the average level of russian subsidies over the last two decades reached the equally incredible level , around 15 % of belarusian gdp annually . 
  why do you think the soviet union would not have occupied romania ? 
  so this makes that bullshit alright then . 
  if germany were to make a series of coins about ` areas in eastern europe liberated by nazi troops from soviet invaders ' featuring images honoring these nazi liberators then you 'd be fine with that also as it would be technically true for some definitions of ` liberation ' . 
  baltic countries recovered because we oriented away from russian style pseudo economy and toward the western style market economy . 
  countries benefiting from oil revenues recovered because of the oil money . 
  others , including ukraine , stayed sovok style and are still poor and corrupt . 
   we failed too early to say . 
  rome was n't built in a day either . 
   what happened later is a different story , but is what happened before also a different story ? 
  the story where the soviet union , while still allied with the nazis , conquered estonia , latvia and lithuania and started a bloody campaign of mass murder and torture in these countries ? 
  do n't call me ' a butthurt revisionist on the verge of pro-nazism ' . 
  i 'd disapprove germany making commemorative coins for their ` liberation ' of estonia the same way . 
   why is this getting downvoted ? 
  probably because extra shifts of putinbots have been activated for the syria helicopter thing and it splashes over . 
  in a society with low corruption the companies compete for employees and resources with better pay and higher added value . 
  this causes development . 
  in a corrupt society what matters is connections to power . 
  inefficient businesses win as long as they are connected while their competitors are shut down by the corrupt officials . 
  why would it need to be the official ( and therefore public ) position ? 
  here is a 78 page pdf [ little green men : a primer on modern russian unconventional warfare , ukraine 2013-2014 ] ( https://publicintelligence.net/usasoc-little-green-men/ ) by u.s. army special operations command . 
  among other things it also describes how russia used white and blue collar criminals in their ukrainian operation . 
  islam as it is is incompatible with the western concept of freedom of religion . 
  the freedom of religion concept should be clarified so it is clear barbaric islamic customs are not protected under it . 
  so are these activists going to jail for it ? 
  they are even bragging about this attack in their social media accounts . 
  well , russian empire emancipated serfs in the 1800-s . soviet union re-instituted serfdom and slavery under other names . 
  that 's certainly a step backwards . 
   do you think the western forces would have stood by passively that is what happened during all the other coups . 
  they staid in their bases and waited for things to pass . 
   educating hundreds of thousands of russians in estonian ( for example ) in 25 years is simply not feasible your whole post rests on this simply untrue statement . 
  do you really think russians are all retarded ? 
  so are you saying that russians living in germany do n't speak the german language ? 
  if they do then they have learned it - something you consider discriminating if they 'd do it in latvia . 
  there are millions of russians living in germany and i am sure almost all of them have learned the german language . 
  if learning a language of the country you live in is being discriminated then that is what happens to those living in germany too . 
  i am also deeply distressed how the baltics are described in russian media as all having 14 inch cocks that would hurt russian maidens . 
  it is a vicious lie as we are all very gentle . 
  latvia was filled with russian immigrants and that happened after stalin died . 
  there was an aggressive policy of russification . 
  latvian language was suppressed and latvians were forced to use russian . 
  `` our fathers conquered . 
  we do n't learn the language of the dogs . 
  they will learn russian '' . 
  do n't pretend that you do n't see it for what it is . 
  being a member state of the eu means that after the kremlin empire collapsed latvia must still finish the genocide that russians started ? 
  quote chapter and paragraph please . 
  funny how you people always phrase it like . 
  blaming evil western media of portraying russians as fearsome and smart while swooning about that fearsome and smart part that in the end you said yourself .
