  why ? 
  because they want to . 
  real income means purchasing power adjusted income . 
  i believe has been growing everywhere in europe . 
  maybe not in greece , but did n't find their data . 
  western sanctions do very little . 
  they are mostly against private individuals . 
  what russia faces is mostly just low oil prices . 
  russophobically low . 
  what if locals want to live without brown people ? 
  is that okay too ? 
  what do you mean the winter war ? 
  no one really knows what it is . 
  we can never be sure . 
  some say it is some hostilities and others say planes are just delivering bread baskets . 
  better just ignore it and not let some politics get in the way of finer things in life . 
  so yeah . 
  that means it is assange who is trying to lie to people . 
  whoever came up with this 600k figure did so in order to make people believe something that is not true . 
  it just means the search ` russia ' returns ~ 660k results . 
  there is no leaks from russia . 
  search ` estonia ' returns ~ 36k results for example . 
   based on lies here is exactly where we disagree . 
  i do n't believe that the claim assange has close relationship with the putin regime to be a lie . 
  you said i can believe what i want . 
  i actually think it is factually correct that assange has long had a close relationship with the putin regime . 
  rt gave him a tv show and he quite ridiculously attacked the panama papers as ( ( ( soros ) ) ) plot to attack putin . 
  also organizing for snowden to go to russia takes some contacts . 
  the guardian article is not focusing solely on this one interview , but of several together . 
  it is not a summary of one interview , but a summary of many interviews and actions . 
  and then greenwald attacks it in very nitpicking way , while himself using tricks like calling a 12 part show assange had in rt only as `` conducted 8 interviews that were broadcast on rt '', 
  i read this , the guardian and la repubblica articles and i think the criticism against the ben jacobs article is unfair where greenwald himself sets up straw men for himself and nitpicks on wording . 
  chemo to cure the cancer . 
  successful too as you can see from the graph . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  universities spent a lot of time teaching marxism no matter what your field of study was , but of course they taught the subject matter also . 
  perhaps looking at the life expectancy and its sudden rise after the fall of ussr gives some idea . 
  very inefficient . 
  there was a lot of doctors , but there was n't medicine . 
  people were prescribed placebos because nothing else was available . 
  also rampant corruption . 
  you had to bribe the doctors to get treated . 
  there was a parallel system of a bit better quality medicine for the nomenklatura ( party bosses ) . 
  regular people were not admitted into elite hospitals . 
  h2ppyme made a double post . 
  then two other people copied him . 
  then h2ppyme deleted his duplicate one . 
  visiting the usa as a foreigner is not a human right that the usa must grant to everyone in the world . 
  how much effort would someone put into it just for the chance to fool visa ? 
  doubt anyone would create a 5 year history of normality . 
  yet someone from a risk demographics , who actually has a 5 year history of non-jihadi facebook behavior , can earn plus points with it . 
   all eu has to do it it is in the optional part of the form . 
  i guess the reasoning behind implementing this is that if someone has a muslim name he can improve their chances by showing that he does n't have history of supporting terrorism in their facebook . 
  some strange conclusions in the article for example this  but the most recent polling did find that a significant chunk of people ( 46 percent ) supported either combining several former soviet republics in a new union or integrating all the former soviet republics in a new bloc akin to the european union . 
  could be interpreted also that 46 polled in russia think russia must grow larger . 
  that is 1.4 % . 
  during the 1849 california gold rush 3.75 % perished on the road to west . 
  people found it acceptable risk in '49 and they also do it in this gold rush . 
  russia received plenty of aid and eu funds really started to come into the eastern european countries after they joined - mid 2004 . 
  by that time oil boom was already in full steam and russia had been receiving large oil revenues for years ( of course russia constantly had oil revenues , but they were smaller before the boom ) . 
  reminded me of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brpzq3uen_q, 
  3 % is less than 4 % and 5 % and so on . 
  that means that if you want to use this 3 % to justify sucking russian dick then there are plenty of more important dicks ahead of the line . 
  in 2014 about 3 % of austrian exports went to russia . 
  it was less than exports to czech republic . 
   in the west you are far less critical to your own propaganda than we in russia . 
  that is what your propaganda has convinced yourself of . 
  meanwhile russians believe that there are no russian soldiers in ukraine , who are actually there to heroically fight against nazis , child crucifiers and americans to stop ukrainians and americans from shooting another missile at putin 's plane and accidentally hitting a plane already filled with corpses in amsterdam . 
  mostly just propaganda . 
  the concepts in your mind as  large army  space program  big science projects  etc are the victories of russian propaganda . 
  ok . you 're not confused . 
  you 're just misinformed . 
  you changed your claim . 
  now it is that georgians should have known they are russia 's bitch and russians can do anything they want because they are stronk . 
  are you perhaps confused about the event and remember the big russian lie they managed to get into all the major networks about thousands of civilians killed ? 
  that was a major russian propaganda victory with cnn ticker running about 4000 killed etc. 
  in reality it was georgia responding to shelling and killing 53 . 
  bismarck counseling against prussia annexing huge parts of ~ ~ german ~ ~ austrian territory is not the same as appeasing russia 's sadness over losing their slave countries . 
  that was the historic part that i have no knowledge of , but i maintain that there was no west plundering russia . 
  there was n't anything much to plunder and the plundering that happened was done by russians themselves - mostly in the form of getting russia 's mineral rights into private hands . 
  edit : the claim that the west plundered russia is a pure fabrication . 
  while that is true it does n't really matter . 
  it was still ruled from moscow . 
  just another vote in the un for them . 
  it is often said , but it is not true in my experience . 
  it is that even if you had money you could n't buy goods , but people still had money trouble . 
  i do n't suggest ignoring . 
  i think these feelings should not be ignored . 
  these feelings should be actively fucked . 
  fuck them and their feelings . 
  i am sure the former slave owners also felt a great distress after the laws freeing the slaves . 
  mccarthy was n't after stupid teenagers . 
  he was after people betraying their country in service of totalitarian enemy state . 
  people like alger hiss or julius and ethel rosenberg . 
   gdp of russia was $ 3.5 trillion ( 2016 ) ( ppp )  to me it seems like the rt is given a fair budget . 
  rt is getting real dollars not ppp dollars so compare it to russia 's real gdp of $ 1.2 t. 
   i see this often , but many people forget that george bush sr. was also a director of the cia kgb and cia are not equal but opposite . 
  kgb was an enforcer of a totalitarian criminal regime . 
   instead of seeing russia as defeated prey ready to be plundered for profit , it would have been wise to see russia as a partner . 
  first of all russia did n't have much to plunder and the plundering was done by russians themselves .
