  when i 'd say that `` after the brussels terror attack belgium was devastated '' then would you insist that this is a filthy lie as there may be at least one person in belgium who is jubilous and i should have added a disclaimer for that one ? 
  casual non-scientific speech that does not attempt to prove a mathematical theory can freely use `` russia is '' , when it might mean only those in power and 88 % of population of russia . 
  that sort of silly nitpicking and blaming to be persecuted is not constructive . 
  rather think why hostile things pushed those in power and 88 % of the population do not bring forth friendly feelings . 
  sorry , but you have no idea about what you are talking about . 
  i do n't want to argue against some random russian propaganda . 
  wow !, 
  what do you think should be the charge for my post and an appropriate punishment ? 
  if i describe russian official actions that are supported by vast majority of russians should i really always add a disclaimer `` this describes government and popular sentiment in russia and the opinions of individual russians may vary '' . 
  do n't worry czechia . 
  these things take time . 
  after beginning his speech he was promptly arrested by eurokgb and sentenced to forced psychiatric treatment . 
  what is your problem here ? 
  russian official positions , supported by vast majority of russians , are quite clear and these are very unfriendly . 
  my point is that do n't be surprised when you are seen as you are . 
  do n't cry about things like russophobia , blame the countries that russia formerly occupied and rather have a hard look on how russia and russians act . 
  the sentiment of opening this monument , the organization of `` soldier internationalists '' danube 68 , and the speeches given did n't seem to be about mourning the dead , but about glorifying the actions . 
  i do n't see how my logic breaks down . 
  most of the soviet apologism i see everywhere seems to come down to `` they did it because they wanted to '' . 
  that can be used to excuse anything . 
  q : why did a thief murder a family ? 
  a : it makes sense from his view as he wanted to take their property to increase the amount of material wealth he possesses . 
   if you want to you can see the hungarian revolt as an event that threatened to destabilize russia by showing that people could live in liberty . 
  if you want to you can see the holocaust as a necessary common cause to rally the german people behind their leader . 
   ruskies do n't fuck around when it comes to farm machinery that looks like john deere tractor . 
  probably wrong to say ntechlab is beating google . 
  they were neck-to-neck with celebrity faces , but google was far better in age-varied faces . 
  that makes google better imho . 
  http://i.imgur.com/5yvkkxh.png here is a better article : https://techcrunch.com/2016/06/23/facial-recognition-systems-stumble-when-confronted-with-million-face-database/, 
  some of the voters in netherlands do not know this and need to be explicitly said . 
  that is why the prime minister wants to put out that message . 
  looks like nothing , but just easing the fears of some of the less informed voters who thought ukraine is going to join the eu real soon now . 
  i think thatcher might win both the worst pm and the best pm awards there . 
  she is very polarizing . 
  do you know that this famous flaming water scene was staged for the movie ? 
  they connected the gas main to the water main before filming it . 
  it makes sense if you look that russia had n't had to use rt as such a crude club before . 
  it was happy to have weird people like 9/11 truthers willingly spread their conspiracies there as useful idiots , but once russia had to turn the lying machine to full power it might have come as shock to them . 
  taxes are quite high here and the list has some low tax countries like switzerland and chile . 
  the whole list is weird with sweden being in the 5th place . 
  i suspect estonia can only be 1st if the appraisers misunderstand something about our tax law . 
   propaganda means to alter the news so as to fit your agenda have you seen their ukrainian or mh17 coverage ? 
  they had news anchors quitting on air because they got sick of the lies . 
  there is no high impact single `` trump card '' , but there is enough significant ones for those caring to pay attention . 
  leaks from olgino offices and the operation to discredit the journalist who follows the leak , plus the purely it based unraveling of troll network because some it guy handling it was lazy and took a shortcut and did n't register different statistics service for each of his fake news site and so on . 
  put these pieces together and you get the means and mechanics of russian hostile actions of spreading tactical lies at tactic times . 
  just the usual stuff of knowing their name and their parents and doing basic checks that no cameras are brought is good enough . 
  and as you said there have been leaks so not the unlikeliest has happened and someone sneaked by this . 
  and since these leaks do not seem to be the significant hindrance to the trolling campaign it seems the risk/expense analyses in creating these procedures was well done . 
  of course it is still possible , but much harder to risk smuggling in a camera into a guarded workplace and secretly take pictures of the instruction sheets than the alternative you proposed where the instructions would be mailed to some marketing agency . 
  what i also said was about political culture . 
  i am in opinion that you misinterpreted what is going on from that statement . 
  the represented parties in russia have given up . 
  they might have had aspirations of furthering their policies and representing their voters , but by now they have accepted that the highest they got was to be puppets in the fake play putin and his gang has set up . 
  they get to pretend to be parties , steal as much as allowed and pretend to be put forth bills , but only insignificant ones . 
  all the significant decisions are made by putin 's circle and they 'll be the rubber stamp . 
  accepting such arrangement is sure to make a man ashamed and the speeches given was them masking that shame . 
  in american context the similarity would perhaps be obama staying in power forever , ruling by decree and republicans and democrats fighting in house and senate over how many buttons navy parade uniforms will have . 
  there was that important part that the workers were given their instructions as paper printouts and it was controlled that they ca n't take any out or make copies . 
  i do n't think you really would want what is in current russia to yourself . 
  there all parties are in agreement that they are fake parties to pretend there is a choice and all power lies with putin . 
  the talk you quoted is them presenting that shameful resignation and realization that they can only be puppets and not opposition as something glorious to their youth wing . 
  what is the engine behind it ? 
  writing another reply to you . 
  you must be really out of touch with reality if you seriously claim that it is impossible to get someone with the arguing and english skills of a 13 year old to shitpost on the internet for ~ 160 % average monthly salary . 
   granted , astroturfing in runet is a thing , but it 's very unlikely that someone who is ** able to string together a coherent sentence in english would work for that salary ** the articles i remember reading said that english speakers get paid more . 
  also even 50k is a very good salary in russia and the sentences of your trolls are not coherent . 
  here is their webpage http://terrascientia.ru/ from somewhere you can navigate to the articles and you 'll find the brainwashing stuff . 
  how russia is under constant information warfare from the west who wants to make a color revolution , but russia has been strong and youth must brace themselves against western lies and how there is no truth ( with perhaps the exception of russian state television ) and how young russians must know they have to pick the right truth . 
  you were presenting this russian propaganda piece in quite self assured way . 
  you posted in a way like you knew what you were talking about . 
  if you had been following and discussing this in any way for the past few years then you 'd seen at least 20 debunkings of this `` victoria nuland $ 5b '' hoax . 
  if you learned first time about ukraine just now then you should n't have posted in a manner as if you have something to tell others . 
  the article mentioned serbia , russia and turkey . 
  i do n't think it is invading anywhere else . 
  some polish person visits russian youth brainwashing camp . 
  the main thing that greece has to offer to russia is their vote in the eu council . 
  greece selling their vote to russia would n't sit well with the eu . 
  who would win the war between russia and estonia ? 
   but i think even he knows it would be uniquely stupid to try to go against nato , or even the us itself right now . 
  not when an opportunity should present itself some time in the future . 
  nato and europe not preparing for this possibility will make the opportunity he might take much more likely . 
  that nuland $ 5 billion again !, 
  how does your brain work ? 
  i am sure you must have been explained about 20 times now what this $ 5 billion aid was and yet you keep yapping the same bullshit . 
  putin invaded ukraine though . 
  worked out quite well for him with his approval rating shooting into ~ 88 % and after the last elections his party united russia controlling 76 % of the seats ( constitutional majority ) up from 52 % . 
  nominal is what makes sense here . 
  canada wants to sell their stuff to the eu and they are interested in how many real dollars eu economy has to spend on that stuff . 
  they do n't value dollars earned from poland more than dollars earned from france just because life is cheaper in poland . 
  rude, 
  putin is again 3 chess moves ahead of everyone . 
  this brilliant move ensures that they save twice the amount of money in pension spending in 2018 . 
  is there a rule that opinion pieces ca n't be posted in / r/europe ? 
  russia is n't a superpower . 
  russia is rather weak . 
  europeans just have had the habit of closing their eyes to their hostile actions and pretend everything is normal . 
  click on the link about interpol in my post and learn something new . 
  that is only belarus though and belarus does n't have real elections . 
  in other countries russia seeks to buy politicians and journalists and do favors for them and not to the country itself .
