  your naive disneyland universe you imagine in your head does not exist in this world . 
  start thinking like a rational person and take responsibility of what you say . 
  do n't just be a damel in distress throwing words like `` fuhhh '' and `` how horrible !, 
  i do n't know , but as you can see from the polls they often do , depending on what the tv shows . 
  must be this mysterious russian soul . 
  i think what you did here is just state : i am a rational person and when i talk to someone who disagrees with me they behave irrationally and start to foam in the mouth . 
  [ sort of like that comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6lqv8go.png ), 
  does n't seem like as even those who want to include baltics within the new russian borders went from 17 % -  8 % . 
  you can do searches with cyrillic . 
  could you check if there has been more of these studies since 2015 ? 
  you are attempting to deflect . 
  stalin has been pretty much been rehabilitated in russian public opinion . 
  58 % of the people see him positively . 
  57 % of russians did n't want more clay in 2015 , after oil price dropped , sanctions hit and they experienced a huge economic decline is not that convincing argument as the number is still ridiculous and let 's see the development of it before the economic decline . 
  goes to show that once russians have some economic well being they start to think about invading other countries , so a way to ensure peace seems to keep russia poor . 
  it is a good side to bring up . 
  when oil price was still up and the sanctions had n't yet hit the russians were extremely and increasingly aggressive . 
  after oil collapsed and sanctions hit , bringing with it the economic difficulties the russians started to become more reasonable , but still remaining at very ridiculously jingoistic levels , that this 57 % shows . 
  one way to interpret it is that if you want russians peaceful then keep them poor . 
  sadly it is true . 
  for example - https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/30/mh17-vast-majority-russians-believe-ukraine-downed-plane-poll  of 1,501 respondents surveyed in russia 's six biggest cities , 46 % said they believed a ukrainian surface-to-air missile was responsible , and 36 % said a ukrainian warplane had shot it down . 
  only 3 % believe the rebels in eastern ukraine were responsible for shooting down the plane . 
  sixteen per cent said they did n't know . 
  ... and this is only people from major cities being polled . 
  levada poll . 
  i ca n't make cyrillic letters myself , but i am sure you 'll find it if you google it . 
  typical soviet propaganda mindset - if you fight against the soviet occupation then the only logical reason is that you are a nazi as all good people would just love it . 
  later it also became - if you do n't like soviet union then you are obviously mentally ill and must be committed to the mental hospital , because everyone sane can see the ussr and everything in it is the best . 
   like : `` what will you do with arctic sea routes ? '', 
  - `` you are a putin 's shill , vatnick !, 
  '' , then foam emerges from their mouth . 
  according to the opinion polls getting more land from other countries is very popular among russians and stalin is the most popular historic figure . 
  to give you an idea only 32 % of russians polled said that they want russia to stay within their current borders in the future in 2014 . 
  only gorbachev was the one who would fit a non-imperialist category . 
  brezhnev invaded czechoslovakia in 1968 and started the soviet afghanistan war . 
  the ones following him just happened to die in a row until a younger gorbachev got the place , but andropov was pretty much your stereotypical bloodthirsty dictator . 
  he just got to hold the office for only 1.5 years . 
  i think you are quite alone with this theory . 
  you said `` nobody trusts the ukrainians not to steal and sell the lethal stuff '' , but i will show you both the house and the senate supported it . 
  that is quite a lot of somebodies representing their constituencies . 
  https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-washington-lethal-weaponry-approved/28006942.html  washington -- the u.s. house of representatives has backed legislation that calls for supplying ukraine with lethal weaponry in its fight against russia and separatists in the eastern donbas region . 
   \u0422he bill , which passed ** unanimously ** on a voice vote on september 21 , is the latest effort by ukraine 's staunchest supporters in washington to bolster its military forces . 
  https://www.rferl.org/a/us-ukraine-russia-lethal-aid-bill/27356526.html  congress has passed a defense policy bill that authorizes up to $ 50 million in lethal military aid for ukraine and mandates a white house response if russia is deemed to be violating a key arms control treaty . 
   ...  the obama administration has previously resisted calls to provide ukraine with lethal aid , fearing that could provoke russia . 
  see !, 
  obama is a commie who hates freedom , but the representatives of american people disagree with him . 
  what if the cia and pentagon issue a statement that russians should not jump off the bridge ? 
  and as was previously stated . 
  europe is a bunch of pussies . 
  in europe it is pretty much only france , germany and sweden who can sell these weapons . 
  doubt that it will happen if usa is against it . 
  both the french guy and me were very critical of europe . 
  i agree with the fighting frenchman . 
  when obama did n't want it then no one in europe was ready to step up and defy america in this . 
  i am afraid it will go the same now . 
  sadly the time when ukraine really needed atgm-s is already past as russians did already use their tanks to carve out a large piece of land . 
  of course better , if they 'd still get the weapons , but 10x better if they 'd had it when they really needed them . 
  that ca n't be it . 
  first of all senate and the house did support this and gen. breedlove even found a deal where pakistan would trade their tow missiles for ukrainian apcs ( mentioning tow as these are old , so not so secret any more ) . 
  still obama did n't give his nod and the other articles around this issue suggest that valerie jarrett was always as high as this went before being denied . 
  better theory is that obama and valerie jarrett are commies who hate freedom and that is why they stopped the senate and the house from helping ukraine . 
  i am not saying this is the best theory , but i rank it better than your 's , 
  `` lethal aid '' is an established term here and it does n't mean soldiers . 
  it means weapons . 
  previous us administration did send military tech to ukraine , but they had a strange hickup of sending only things that do n't explode . 
  for example they sent really useful counter battery radars ( non-lethal aid ) , but did n't send anti-tank missiles ( lethal aid ) . 
  i have seen videos of supposedly maritime radar timeloops showing these ships going straight at the coast of africa , picking up people and shipping them to italy . 
  are these videos fake or are these organizations really doing that ? 
  show me the note from your american master that gives you the right to bark like that . 
  after all you belong to them as they were the ones saving you from the ussr and according to your own logic any pimply faced american teen can order you around . 
  you 're just an edgy kid with a superiority complex based on your birth country . 
  you believe this gives you the right to fling insults and demand to be obeyed and treated as someone of authority . 
  you do n't actually represent your government and neither does the economic might of germany stand at your command . 
  nothing is working . 
  it just allows germany and other eurocrats to close their ears and eyes and avoid facing the reality for a little longer and lithuania just provides the apartments that will stay empty . 
  and here we have it . 
  the voice of an aggressive tolerance enthusiast . 
  sometimes it turns out decisions were wrong and it should be possible to change them . 
  for example the recent understanding that refugees are doctors and engineers who escape certain death was false . 
  turned out that in reality they are often illiterate welfare shoppers . 
  that is why they wo n't stay in the poor countries as people genuinely escaping death would be happy to . 
  better for him . 
  this way he can be a good czar while bad boyars of united russia do bad things . 
  at least wikipedia says that putin ran as independent in 2000 and 2004 , but both he and medvedev ran as united russia in 2008 and 2012 . 
  right and wrong do exist . 
  evil and kind do exist . 
  if you go out of your way to claim they do n't then you 're probably evil and wrong and looking for a justification for that . 
  for example russia invading ukraine and killing over 10,000 people there is both evil and wrong . 
  really strange that you find distaste for this action as `` pro-us chauvinism '' . 
  i agree with you . 
  saying that russians are not guilty of anything and it is just putin is selling russians short . 
  russians are evil themselves . 
  when russia invaded ukraine they did n't need to use propaganda to make russians accept it . 
  russians were ecstatic by themselves because invading other countries and gaining more territory is the sort of thing russians love . 
  right !, 
  i bet that is why ( ( ( they ) ) ) made russia invade ukraine , so they could have an excuse to place these russophobic sanctions . 
  you 're just naive . 
   you are giving into anger , hate , and feelings of revenge . 
  i am `` giving into '' rationality . 
  there are more than 100 million hostile assholes and your thesis that they were tricked and beguiled into that assholery do nothing to undo the damage they can do and want to do .
