   hit forbes nerve when the url has / sites / in it , such as this article , then it is a forbes hosted blog , that has nothing to do with forbes magazine itself . 
  stop bullying estonia !, 
  fight for turkish to be an official language of germany instead !, 
  saying that crimea has the right to self determination is against the law in russia and punishable with up to 5 years of jail time . 
  any authoritative source for this ? 
  looks like fake news . 
  you have been banned from / r/russia, 
  deployments have changed . 
  i am not talking about the baltic countries defending themselves without the allies . 
  i am talking about the 3 weeks loss scenario you mentioned earlier . 
  that was due to the fact that in 2014 all the nato hardware was far away and could n't get to help in time . 
  currently some of this hardware has been moved to the region . 
  you might be a bit misinformed . 
  this three weeks scenario from rand report was based on 2014 deployments and russia 's surprise attack . 
  in 2017 a lot of these weaknesses have been augmented . 
  i think you want to make some point . 
  spit it out . 
  why do you ask ? 
  is there some point you want to make ? 
  so let 's say i set up a site http://freemovies.4u/ that shows advertisements along with pirated movies linked from disposable sites like 213.2.16.46 , where `` someone '' keeps uploading them through 7 proxies and when one site is taken down my links will just switch to a next one as somehow i am always finding these sites . 
  according to you this is a totally legitimate business as i am only linking . 
  these sites are a go to places that have a permanent address and cash flow from the people watching movies hosted in disposable sites very likely connected to the link sites owners . 
  just say that you like to watch movies for free instead of this nonsense about words and dictionaries . 
  people do n't go to these sites to watch urls . 
  they go there to watch movies . 
   appalling it is spelled appealing . 
  [ here is a former kgb colonel claiming there were 51 spies in russian embassy in london in 2013 . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/mar/11/russian-spies-britain-oleg-gordievsky ), 
  what does that have to do with the price of tea in china ? 
  exactly !, 
  we are in agreement , but for some reason it seemed that you disagreed . 
  my post was a response to one that tried to paint a picture that these few us troops are a threat of invasion to russia to which they must respond and that creates an arm 's race . 
  well , that is exactly what i said . 
  these few soldiers are not a threat of invasion for russia as the post above me suggested . 
  russians have more than 800 tanks in kaliningrad alone . 
  nobody has been forcing germany to neglect their military for the past decades also . 
  these few international troops are not threatening to russia . 
  russia has 100 times more troops near the border . 
  russia does n't like that their ability to invade their neighbors is hindered though . 
  2.66 % death rate . 
  smaller than in californian gold rush of 1849 . 
  mentality of people coming is also ~ ~ the same ~ ~ similar . 
  you wrote  these are mostly the same countries which ended up being a part of the ussr countries that ended up being part of the ussr were estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  none of these countries joined the nazi side . 
  all of these countries were invaded by the ussr according to ussr 's secret agreement with the nazis . 
  from 1939 to 1941 soviet union was a nazi collaborator . 
  estonian language news are more up to date . 
  he was sentenced to 2.5 years , out of which 4 months is the real jail time and the rest is suspended sentence . 
  ... polish parliament files an official protest . 
  not really . 
  the `` bias '' came from tens of thousands of people killed and sent to siberia by the soviet union . 
  we might agree that it was n't there before the soviets started this horrible shit . 
   after the let 's not repeat this ` after ' bullshit . 
  joosep23 , you should know that the soviet union massacres were before any nazi german even stepped a foot on estonian soil . 
  before not after !, 
  they were n't bad people in estonia . 
  they fought to prevent murderous soviet onslaught . 
  perhaps even be lucky and end up independent if the soviets are not let in . 
  this sort of things had happened before . 
  in independence war ( 1918-1920 ) estonia beat both the soviets and the germans and ended up independent . 
  uk has visa free entry for eu citizens . 
  the people coming with boats to italy are n't citizens . 
   * except the uk i doubt other european nations have the knowhow and money to conduct spying on this level . 
   * and then you 're stupid enough to lose your tools and make them readily available for anyone really interested in them are n't those two contradictory ? 
  if they really lost their tools and these are readily available for anyone then pretty much all governments have similar capacity now . 
   would have been better off in the ussr would have been better off in some dream version of the ussr . 
  surely not in the real ussr that had been living on loans and exhausted all their credit lines . 
  kurat !, 
  fuck the ussr !, 
  you do n't know how lucky we are !, 
  these polls are often outlets for people to lash out because of their dissatisfaction . 
  a man in very hot weather might say `` this is too hot . 
  just kill me now !, 
  '' , but when real comes to real he really does not want someone to actually kill him . 
  there is going to be nothing in the archives . 
  a 16 year old girl was beaten to death by soldiers with sapper shovels . 
  this incident was gotten on someone 's hidden camera . 
  tape was smuggled to the free world so there was no denying what was on tape . 
  the rest of the deaths were n't caught on tape though . 
  so the soviet government in very soviet fashion declared that it is a funny coincidence that all the other deaths were these anti-soviet animals stampeding each other and the one beating on camera was really the only one . 
  really !, 
   russia always has a great past , even more great future , but the present is always not very good for whatever reason . 
  russia always has a ~ ~ great ~ ~ unpredictable past , even more great future , but the present is always not very good for whatever reason . 
  and lithuania is lucky to have belarus and poland next door ? 
  central asia is a different world . 
  moldova and ukraine would do better if they were more like estonia or lithuania instead of hanging on to sovok ideas . 
  estonian and latvian nations came very close to extinction . 
  more sovok power or more moscow control or even influence for just a little bit more would have finished us off . 
  also this claim that only that one 16 years old girl , whose death was also captured on a video by the way , was beaten to death by the sapper shovels and all the others , who died off video screen , died in a stampede was made by the soviet government . 
  i do n't believe them . 
  what was the point of this post ? 
  it is rather hard to understand if you have n't studied that time or were n't there then . 
  voting did n't matter . 
  whatever the central party decided that is what the vote was going to be . 
  that is why when ukrainians felt that the best they can come out of it is with their sovereignty declaration , that would have given them a little more autonomy , the independence minded leaders advocated for that sort of tactical voting . 
  otherwise the soviet powers would have just either forged the results or called the whole thing off . 
  march to december is not particularly long time also, 
  baltics boycotted this farce of a `` referendum '' , with question `` do you consider it necessary to preserve the union of soviet socialist republics as a ** renewed federation of equal sovereign republics , which will fully guarantee the rights and freedoms of all nationalities . 
  ** '' i already showed in another message how ukrainians voted for `` state sovereignty of ukraine '' as this was what they thought is maximum to hope . 
  also notice that after or before this farce many captive states hold actual referendums with independence getting typically high 90 % support with record turnout .
