  immigrants learning latvian language if they want citizenship of latvia is absolutely nothing . 
  i am talking about misleading on purpose in forum postings . 
  pretending to be the one who repeats propaganda arguments and finds them convincing . 
  it is like stealth marketing . 
  if people see others buying something they are more likely to buy it also . 
  there is certain dishonesty when a russian immigrant in other country is not telling how he really thinks about things , but is pretending to be a native who finds russian propaganda arguments convincing . 
  for example putting forward arguments like `` sanctions of russia are very bad for my countries economy '' or `` why should we europeans care about this whole russia ukraine thing '' while in reality he is overjoyed about krimnash and emotionally invested in russian nationalism . 
  omitting that he is a russian immigrant himself makes these statements lying . 
  but ethnicity does n't really have any other effect than gathering statistics . 
  as murky as demanding that people changing their ethnicity to attack helicopter have a certificate that one of their parents was an attack helicopter . 
  sounds like some weird non-issue to me . 
  i do n't think any non-latvians were even using this option as i do n't believe passport ethnicity has any effect in laws . 
  why do n't you want to know ? 
  there is another party to this . 
  namely russia with their huge propaganda machine against ukraine . 
  bandera became a symbol in ukraine for the fight against soviet terror , but russian propaganda is very heavily working in trying to connect him deeply into volhynia . 
  so here you might have the director wojciech smarzowski doing his artistic work giving time for both sides , but it wo n't still be equal as there is also russian media machine spending tens of millions exploiting this thing and adding their lies for their purposes . 
  you ca n't have a work of art having a balanced look at that part of history at this moment considering what russia is doing . 
  this transponder talk is a pr stunt by russia as the problem lies elsewhere . 
  transponders or not transponders would n't change the provocative nature of things like russian military jets doing mock attack runs on uss donald cook ship in international waters of the baltic sea or scheduling their one of many airspace violations of estonian airspace at the exact time when estonian independence day parade is held so the jet doing a planned overflight has to go intercept the russian spy plane . 
  here is the full text : brussels -- the north atlantic treaty organization has rejected a russian air-safety proposal that would require all military planes in the baltic region to fly with their transponders operational , according to allied officials . 
  allied officials say the proposal would do little to improve air safety -- or prevent russian aircraft flying dangerously close to ships or planes flown by western allies . 
  still , key nato allies are keen on advancing the military dialogue with russia and hope to continue talks with russian officials aimed at developing a new air safety measure . 
  nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov are due to meet in new york on wednesday on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly . 
  moscow made the proposal to have all military planes fly with their transponders on at a meeting of the nato-russia council in july . 
  european officials had long complained that russian planes frequently fly without their transponders on , making it more difficult to identify such aircraft . 
  air safety in the baltic region has been moving higher up the alliance agenda since russian aircraft buzzed a u.s. destroyer and a polish helicopter in the baltic sea in april . 
  u.s. and allied officials believe an accident between two planes or a ship and a plane could easily trigger a wider conflict . 
  all allied planes flying missions for nato -- such as the baltic air-policing mission -- currently fly with their transponders on , meaning they emit an identifying signal in response to other radio signals . 
  but some allies , including the u.s. and norway , occasionally operate without transponders while flying national reconnaissance or surveillance missions . 
  nato officials say some russian aircraft are n't equipped with transponders . 
  some western officials viewed the transponder proposal as a distraction . 
  these officials said that the real issue was trying to get a broader agreement by russia on increasing transparency and notification of their military exercises . 
  spokeswomen for nato and russia 's delegation for the alliance declined to discuss the dialogue , and referred to a statement released after a meeting last week between nato deputy secretary general alexander vershbow and russian ambassador alexander grushko . 
  in his statement , mr. grushko said russia would study the alliance 's response to the proposals presented in july by russian military representatives . 
  `` this reply will be thoroughly studied , including with a view to determine the strategy for further possible actions , '' mr. grushko said . 
  in addition to the transponders , russia has proposed an exchange of military experts on air safety . 
  nato diplomats have said convening such a meeting of military experts would violate the alliance 's decision to suspend practical cooperation . 
  mr. grushko said last week that nato was `` searching for any excuse to justify its decision to suspend practical cooperation with russia . '' but nato officials have said they are continuing to press for further dialogue at more senior levels . 
  allied diplomats said a consensus is emerging in the alliance to resume regular meetings of the nato-russia council . 
  the alliance is also pushing for russian military leaders to resume a dialogue with senior nato generals including czech gen. petr pavel , the head of the organization 's military committee . 
  `` the channel is there , it is open and ready , but it is not being used , '' gen. pavel said in an interview sunday . 
  that is not what has happened . 
  russia has hundreds of thousands in troops deployed in their western military district . 
  the noise they make about few hundred nato personnel deployed in the baltics is not because they feel threatened or feel the balance is somehow off . 
  what they want is baltics to be easy pickings just in case they want to invade some day . 
  they may use the rhetoric of remilitarization spiral in their propaganda , but if you check the actual numbers this is clearly not the case and the number of forces are so disproportionate it is a cynical lie . 
  your population figures place latvia 's 100 % in 1990 when it was full of recent russian immigrants . 
  getting rid of them has nothing to do with the eu and is very beneficial for latvia . 
  now look at the gdp per capita in 2015 when the oil price has came down . 
  latvia $ 13,619 russia $ 9,055 belarus $ 5,749 latvia looks pretty good . 
  russian gdp drop is due to the oil price drop . 
  they are a petrostate . 
  they 're going to replace that propaganda theme soon as was done by praising venezuela 's socialism and we wo n't have posters like you praising belarus as it is clear their joke of the economy has collapsed . 
  directly translating `` life force '' into estonian means vitality . 
  that was also the word used . 
  it is kind of funny question - do you believe in vitality ? 
  edit : also spirit as it was translated is also a synonym for vitality . 
  i think several people might have just gotten confused in estonia as if the poll presented character trait vitality as something supernatural . 
  doubt that 50 % of estonians believe in forest-spirits or other supernatural creatures . 
  russian actions like not indexing pensions and canceling all sorts of stuff is actually an indication of them having ran out of cash . 
  i visited this summer . 
  went to vilnius , kaunas , trakai and the hill of crosses . 
  lithuania is very beautiful . 
  these `` refugees '' do n't want to live anywhere else but germany , sweden or the uk . 
  look at all the recent news about latvia or czech republic accepting refugees and them escaping next week . 
  you 're right of course . 
  fixed, 
  the whole thing is just a part of russian pr show trying to get their sanctions removed . 
  russia has been very active about it in all fronts . 
  first 6 month milk production in estonia of recent years has been : year | tonnes ' 000 -- | -- 2007 | 299.1 2008 | 304.8 2009 | 307.5 2010 | 298.2 2011 | 318.8 2012 | 323.9 2013 | 339.6 2014 | 370.9 2015 | 356.4 2016 | 364.2 ... so 2016 is nearly a record year, 
  seems like 5 protesters and 20 people filming and taking pictures . 
  why are you so insistent on lying so much ? 
  `` foreign agent '' is n't just a label . 
  it is a whole new set of very restrictive rules where for example a simple and common accounting error ignored for other companies can result with a 7 year prison sentence . 
   nothing will change from the article : mr gudkov told agence france-presse news agency : `` the consequences of such a decision for us are devastating - with such a label , we wo n't be able to work . 
  yeah yeah . 
  maybe mh17 was loaded with dead bodies in amsterdam and crashed to make russia look bad ? 
  maybe ukrainian air force thought it is putin 's plane and shot it down ? 
  maybe there was a mysterious flight controller carlos ? 
  maybe green men in crimea were just local militia equipped in a shop ? 
  we will never know these things so the best is to let ukraine and russia deal with it as they will . 
  just look at putin calmly explaining how russia has no territorial complains against ukraine and will never attack them and how any such speculations are russophobic provocations . 
  such thoughtfulness , intelligence and trustworthiness . 
  ussr had n't occupied these countries in 1938 yet . 
  i am not saying it was n't shit . 
  i am saying that by 1990 there was n't widespread price controls and artificial non-convertible currency with a ridiculous rate any more . 
  that meant the shitty economy could somewhat be measured . 
  soviet union forced finland to reject marshall plan aid . 
  finland also had to pay heavy war reparations and yet it is one of the richest countries in the world . 
   does this mean the people in the capitalist country are much better off ? 
  as the actual practice showed then yes . 
   well , the wealthy ones are , but the poorer ones are n't . 
  both wealthy and poorer ones were better off . 
  maybe it was `` people of crimea have the right for self-determination '' ? 
  it is illegal to say that in russia . 
  now you are just playing stupid . 
  dollars are basically money , but instead of queen 's picture it has some man 's faces on it . 
  estonian life expectancy shot up very rapidly after the communism fell . 
  the chart i posted shows it very clearly .
