  the best you could come up with was abstract `` political pressure '' . 
  what exactly was this political pressure from the us government ? 
  were there sanctions with demands ? 
  what were the demands and what were the sanctions ? 
  so what did the usa do in the chechen wars ? 
  name the most evil thing they did that does not come from some conspiracy site . 
  you 're just inventing things . 
  putin was hand picked by yeltsin as his successor . 
  he was installed to the position of prime minister and tv was given a task to make him popular . 
  that was achieved by second chechen war . 
  russians had been shamed in the first war and were very happy about the more successful second . 
  putin constantly appeared on tv looking tough and virile announcing yet another victory . 
  members of elite starting from some level had their own stores where regular scum was n't allowed to enter , their own hospitals and a huge list of other privileges . 
  jeffrey sachs has nothing to do with ( ( ( goldman sachs ) ) ) by the way . 
  the transition from dysfunctional communism was difficult everywhere , but it did work in plenty of places . 
  the smoothing attempts were actually the reasons for many of the failures . 
  countries reforming quicker were more successful . 
  russians like to invent stories of being plundered by the evil west , but in reality it was their own guys doing the plundering and much of the hardship came from them doing reforms half-assed . 
  kremlin just did n't believe giving up power , so the enterprises were exposed to free market competition from one side and the kremlin still picking winners and losers from the other . 
  a lot of myths about that era and in a good russian fashion these shift the responsibility to somewhere away from russians themselves and deny how f-ed up the economic system really was . 
  look at latvia , estonia and finland in 1938 and afterward . 
  http://i.imgur.com/z8l5nwy.jpg finland was forced to refuse marshall plan by the ussr . 
  by the way according to the 1989 census about 2/3rd of non-estonians were born outside of estonia . 
  just an interesting tidbit . 
  according to some historians we were and to some we were not . 
  italy is one of the actors ferrying these people in . 
  they are not asking that kind of help . 
  i am quite sure estonia is ready to contribute soldiers . 
  we are just waiting for the insanity in the towers of power of the eu to pass and be asked that . 
  passage will be closed by europe . 
  it would be easy to do organizationally . 
  just need our government to become functional in that respect . 
  sadly that is the common level of discourse there . 
  you come up with the brilliant argument of stalin being a georgian and will be met with applause for brilliant reasoning . 
  do n't know . 
  maybe mullerreus will write something . 
   sandinista state censor nelba blandon offered a more succinct answer : `` they [ la prensa ] accused us of suppressing freedom of expression . 
  this was a lie and we could not let them publish it . '' ) damn !, 
  what about the union jobs ? 
  like horror stories of teacher 's union where a teacher who sexually molested kids ca n't be fired and is just sent to sit in some room while collecting pay . 
  it 's the thought that counts . 
  selling them weapons is different from praising the system . 
  the question here is that when leaving them without weapons and after saudis ` are history ' then what then ? 
  would it be preferable ? 
  meanwhile leftists praise venezuelan socialism and call it an example to follow . 
  they praise the actions of their dictator calling these the right thing to do . 
  where are these right wingers praising saudi system of government ? 
  it is really mostly russian achievement . 
  them invading ukraine woke many people up . 
  our calendars are not perfect and sometimes we need to add leap seconds or days or years . 
  in the last century there were two leap years - 1939 and 1940 . 
  these years just did n't exist . 
  source : russian academy of historical truth, 
  oh poor russians !, 
  how you must suffer that estonia is now in nato so you ca n't so easily invade or make credible threats of invasion . 
  is there an end to the injustice and russophobia ? 
  so sites like kasparov.ru would be accessible for those over 18 ? 
  i think it is very important that republican cumstains and democrat shiteaters talk and learn each others positions and learn to respect each other a bit more as you are all more or less normal people and make up pretty much whole america , but it is a different situation here . 
  for europe/eu russia is a hostile outsider . 
  like a mystic conman trying to cheat your elderly aunt out of money by pretending to talk with her dead husband . 
  you 're not going to try to find common ground with that conman . 
  you talk to your aunt . 
  seen all this weak propaganda posted and debunked 10s of times . 
  i am sure you have also and yet you still post it again . 
  really boring . 
  what are you saying i have to do ? 
  certainly not make accomodations for these delusions and mental weaknesses . 
  it is not a good reason . 
  guys like that adibas , who shout the most insane russian propaganda , are very rare . 
  no need to generalize one rabid vatnik to all balkans . 
  you should add surrendered troops . 
  they are taken out of the battlefield the same way and knowing loser can surrender instead of fighting to death makes the battles easier to the winning side . 
  it is ukrainians and belorussians that do n't get recognition . 
  it is always `` millions of russians died so it is okay when they want to kill some ukrainians now '' . 
  typical russian myths . 
  usa did n't make yeltsin russia 's leader and he certainly was n't an incompetent alcoholic in 1991 . 
  accepting eastern european countries into nato is a good thing as russia wo n't invade now . 
  stopping genocide in the balkans was a good thing and it has really nothing to do with russia . 
  as long as russians keep buying this propaganda , succumb to ridiculous conspiracy theories and never take responsibility of their own failures it is n't going to get any better there . 
  eu and the western world in general `` opened their arms to russia '' . 
  as edward lucas puts it :  `` we have not humiliated russia over the past 25 years . 
  we have bent over backwards to flatter , encourage and appease it . 
  we showered russia with money in the 1990s to try to salvage an economy ruined by the soviet collapse . 
  we brought russia into the g8 and the council of europe , and into the waiting room of the organisation for economic co-operation and development , although it was far from meeting the standards and values of any of those organisations . 
  in short : we tried being nice . 
  it did not work . '', 
  not exactly true . 
  russians call only the part of the ww2 they were n't allied with the nazis the great patriotic war . 
   especially an american you 're right that estonia can certainly be betrayed and if russia will attack then the foreign nato troops might just be called home , but my fear for american troops to be called home is about 10x less than for european troops . 
  there was a rather large russian fake news campaign that these were moved to romania , but that of course is not true . 
  according to the secret photographs obtained by competent organs it is now beyond the shadow of the doubt that vv putin is a pedophile . 
  by the way do you suggest to do something else other than sanction these selected russian oligarchs ? 
  this thread is about the cartoon complaining about sanctioned russian oligarchs just taking their lost money from russian people , so that is the discussion . 
  so what is it ? 
  is the cartoonist a traitor jew or a russian complaining about that arrangement ? 
  that cartoon is not by the american government . 
  so now some russian oligarchs got sanctioned and kremlin just took their lost money from regular russians and a russian cartoonist is not happy about it . 
  russians should really think about that . 
  perhaps some movement against the system , where the power clan can just take what they want from regular russians ? 
  what i often find is that when russians say `` we want to live in peace with other nations '' there is an unsaid part `` as long as they know their place '' .
