  it just seems wrong to include these with regular buildings - even with churches . 
  tv towers should not count . 
  otherwise the koeru tv tower is the tallest building in estonia . 
  it helped to put the ` not a small amount of money ' into at least some context . 
  uk-s 2016 budget is # 772 billion so it is not like the eu contribution was a very large item there . 
  lack of support in a path that would start with turning into a giant starving north korea and end in bloody mess . 
   both sides russia invaded ukraine . 
  go away with your ` both sides ' nonsense . 
  look up the debts . 
  you 'll find that soviet union got the loan . 
  now look up other things and think how things would be in the soviet union without that loan . 
  or maybe you think that the western governments were nice enough to soviet union and were going to give these loans even if soviets make massacres in east germany , poland etc. . . 
  sorry pal , but you are a russian growing up in russia . 
  not surprising you do n't know shit about recent russian history . 
   na-na-na i ca n't hear you, 
   we left because we wanted to , not the other way around . 
  wanted to eat . 
  russia was depending on western loans and these loans came with conditions . 
  https://www.aei.org/feature/the-soviet-collapse/  the crash when the situation in the soviet union is examined from financial and hard currency perspectives , gorbachev 's policies at the time are much easier to comprehend ( see figure 6 ) . 
  government-to-government loans were bound to come with a number of rigid conditions . 
  for instance , if the soviet military crushed solidarity party demonstrations in warsaw , the soviet union would not have received the desperately needed $ 100 billion from the west . 
  the socialist bloc was stable when the soviet union had the prerogative to use as much force as necessary to reestablish control , as previously demonstrated in germany , hungary , and czechoslovakia . 
  but in 1989 the polish elites understood that soviet tanks would not be used to defend the communist government . 
   the only option left for the soviet elites was to begin immediate negotiations about the conditions of surrender . 
  gorbachev did not have to inform president george h. w. bush at the malta summit in 1989 that the threat of force to support the communist regimes in eastern europe would not be employed . 
  this was already evident at the time . 
  six weeks after the talks , no communist regime in eastern europe remained . 
  of course , the west was still careful about directly supporting independence movements inside the soviet union . 
  when the lithuanian authorities approached the american embassy in moscow to ask whether the united states would lend support to the independence of lithuania , the immediate response was negative . 
  when the soviet union tried to use force to reestablish control in baltic states in january 1991 , however , the reaction from the west -- including from the united states -- was fairly straightforward : `` do as you wish , this is your country . 
  you can choose any solution , but please forget about the $ 100 billion credit . '' what were gorbachev 's options at the time ? 
  he could not easily dissolve the soviet empire ; the conservative elements inside the soviet leadership were strongly against this notion . 
  yet he could not prevent the dissolution of the empire without a massive use of force . 
  but if force was employed , the soviet state would not get the necessary funds from the west , without which gorbachev had no chance of staying in power . 
  this conundrum was the source of gorbachev 's dilemma , forcing him to strike a deal with both the military and boris yeltsin . 
  hardliners from the kgb and the army who perceived that gorbachev was simply too weak of a leader staged a coup in august 1991 under the banner of the state committee for a state of emergency ( gkchp ) . 
  within three days it was clear , however , that the plot had failed because its leaders did not know how to deal with the situation . 
  even if they found one division able to crush all the people who demonstrated against the gkchp , would the grain appear ? 
  where would they find the food necessary to feed the larger cities ? 
  would the west rapidly give the $ 100 billion ? 
  their case , like the soviet state itself , was entirely lost . 
  on august 22 , 1991 , the story of the soviet union came to an end . 
  a state that does not control its borders or military forces and has no revenue simply can not exist . 
  the document which effectively concluded the history of the soviet union was a letter from the vneshekonombank in november 1991 to the soviet leadership , informing them that the soviet state had not a cent in its coffers . 
  that number alone does n't really show anything . 
  for example electronic industry in estonia imports a lot of components and then exports a finished product . 
  there is an added value , but it dwarfs by the numbers of import and export taken separately . 
  it is wider . 
  belarus is still poor and in fact living on russian subsidies . 
  http://belarusdigest.com/story/how-russias-subsidies-save-belarusian-economy-23118  for instance , in 2012 due to favourable energy prices belarus saved $ 10 billion or 16 % of gdp , according to the economic institute of the belarusian national academy of sciences . 
  using the same methodology would suggest that the ** average level of russian subsidies over the last two decades reached the equally incredible level , around 15 % of belarusian gdp annually ** . 
  even if russia wanted to buy another friend ( ukraine ) with a similar deal they could not afford it as ukrainian population is almost 5 times bigger than belarus 's and even belarus was bordering unaffordability . 
  then we have the baltics . 
  [ according to wikipedia the latest average net salaries are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage#national_sources ) : estonia $ 903 belarus $ 271 russia $ 393 goes to show that even despite all the oil and gas people are poor in russia . 
  the right choice has been proven to be to get away from russian mafia state style and embrace european style system . 
  ukraine is not rich with natural resources . 
  the problem with ukraine is that it stayed in corrupt post-soviet state just like russia instead of developing , but did n't have russia 's vast natural resource wealth to sustain it . 
  still - better late than never . 
  ukraine should take heed from poland as by now it is clear that free market , democracy and aligning with europe just works while russian-style mafia state just brings poverty . 
  so the difference between east and west germany was always like the difference between trabant and mercedes ? 
  how is it the same ? 
  estonia 1938 - 106 % of austria 's gdp per capita . 
  estonia 1993 - 30 % of austria 's gdp per capita . 
  ukraine is standing between the east and the west . 
  this map shows quite well which is the right way to go , especially for a country without a vast natural resource wealth . 
  so the good thing about the communist rule in hungary was that it ended . 
  soviet union bullied finland into not accepting marshall plan . 
  finland also had to pay heavy reparations to the ussr . 
  here is [ one assessment ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mwbz6gs.jpg ) of gdp per capita before communism . 
  the cambridge economic history of modern europe : volume 2 , 1870 to the present ( page 190 ), 
  -- stop pretending that your opinions are something that many finns share . 
  you 're an extreme russian cocksucker and that is not what finns are . 
  if you present your fringe opinions as those of finnish people then you are plainly lying . 
  [ zara larsson 's tweet . 
  hatar hatar hatar . 
  holy shit for you guys to get girls to feel insecure when they go to the festival . 
  i hate guys . 
  hate hate hate . 
  -- that seems guyphobic . 
  there are plenty of guys who did n't have anything to do with this isolated incident . 
  we also should n't forget the immense influence guys have had on science and culture . 
  also [ here is an article where a guy saves kid from getting hit by a baseball bat . 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/03/07/469478654/phew-fan-saves-boy-from-being-hit-by-a-flying-baseball-bat ), 
  you should have linked directly to 20committee article . 
  many people automatically downvote or dismiss unian . 
  expressing deep concern in un meetings has worked less well than people thought . 
  russia is laughing at these naive flower-power people . 
  it is shameful how little real support ukraine has gotten . 
  your bullshit regarding russia , ukraine and nato is heavily downvoted in / r/suomi . 
  you do n't speak for ` we the finns ' . 
   if we went full retard estonia style and put us assault troops and heavy armour in two hour strike range of st. petersburg awakening fears of repeat of barbarossa from far worse positions from russia 's perspective that is a pretty retarded comment and you talk about your peculiar views as `` we the finns '' and `` are not retarded '' . 
  something does n't add up here . 
  i guess it is that you are not `` we the finns '' . 
  superficially similar not actually similar . 
  that just means russia can rise a whine about that superficial similarity . 
  the only way buying russian propaganda bullshit would be not irrational is when the buyer is an idiot . 
  then again if someone charismatic and convincing were to make a convincing argument that critizising government is not necessarily traitorous then he would be silenced by the kremlin . 
  the headline might as well be : breedlove wants to help ukraine . 
  obama reluctant and decides one more expression of deep concern should do it . 
  oh you .
