  edit : meaning the funny ones are from perestroika time . 
  boring ones like a trade school advertising itself and such were there before . 
  there are more . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6lavk1shw8 edit : if you want to know more about the story behind these advertisements try to get this 2013 documentary . 
  military officers are posting in this and other subs to educate us plebs from time to time and this is what i base this view on . 
  i was arguing against the belief that if you do n't have weapons in the beginning you can just make them while the war is going on . 
  what bombarding in the ww2 did is really nothing compared to what it can do now . 
  no more churning out tanks by german factories while the war is going on . 
  from what i have read from the military guys who post here from time to time then with the modern weapons it would n't work like it did with ww2 that your back home churns out new weapons and the fighting is restricted to front . 
  whatever factories you have would be destroyed by missiles on the first weeks so you fight the whole war with what you have in the beginning . 
  that weird scenario with 1 year warning is actually pretty much the only time this 17 times bigger economy is relevant because when people are sure there is a war after 1 year they wo n't hesitate to put this to work for preparing . 
  the same argument has also been used other times when it is not so relevant as europe has not so far used this 17 times bigger economy to acquire weapons and train soldiers and without this 1 year period this economy would be bombed to ruins . 
   europe gets 1 year to prepare . 
  conventional arms only . 
  rugby rules or association ones ? 
  you get some gear ( pics below ) , but there is always so many things you want to buy if taking it seriously or wanting to do things often . 
  i.e not having nice hiking socks and underwear does n't stop you from hiking , but if you do it often enough you perhaps want to have a better time . 
  isis beheads people because they believe this is necessary to get build their caliphate and they feel entitled to have it . 
  russians approve invading other countries and lying about it because they believe this is necessary for making their empire larger and they feel they are entitled to grow the empire at the expense of others . 
  i think foreigners can join the edl , but while no one is charging you for participating ( other than 12 eur a year membership dues ) the people there usually buy a lot of their own equipment and spend a lot of money that way . 
  these people putting a tank in narva pointing its barrel to tallinn has a lot more symbolism for them than just something-something-nazis . 
  it is just that the other things ( we russians are the master race and soon our rightful rule in this little shithole of a country will be restored with these tanks ) are something they know not to say to the journalists . 
  oh , and estonia does have conscription . 
  the edl is just volunteers who want much more training . 
  military training at free time is a lifestyle for these guys . 
  i was talking about a different thing . 
  about how countries like estonia and finland need conscription and volunteers because we could n't possibly afford to have as many professionals on a payroll as needed . 
  poland probably can . 
  15.5 thousand men who are ready and constantly training is certainly making a difference . 
  a lot of the russian numbers in this table is just fluff . 
  their 2 million reserve is just guys who have once been a conscripts and learned the valuable skills of getting beaten by older ones and then ganging up on the younger ones . 
  they have about 300 thousand contract soldiers . 
  what 25,000 are you 're talking about ? 
  i think these estonian numbers in your table are already outdated and the amount is constantly growing . 
  it is not even the original title . 
  op changed it . 
  defense league is a territorial volunteer force and trains quite often . 
  regular reserve is just those who have gone through the conscription training . 
  i think poland is populous enough to not need it as it can support a large enough career military . 
  defense league was first established in 1918 and re-established in 1990 . 
  when it came to the civil partnership for same sex couples law then it had 2.5 times higher support among estonians than among non-estonians . 
  what was strange is that while expectedly young estonians supported it more than old people it was the inverse for russians . 
  it literally had lower support among the young ones . 
  and i agreed with you . 
  maybe you meant this reply to leemylammy ? 
  at least in estonia the 24th of february 1918 is the remembered each year with a celebration of our independence ( so pure celebration ) and the day of august 20th 1991 is for reminding and educationg about the recent history and how well the things worked out for us as we finally regained our freedom against pretty dark odds . 
  but the question was about voting against the independence of lithuania not about compromising in a hellish situation and letting your name be added to the communist party roster . 
  this wikipedia map shows lithuanian border changes around the ww2 time . 
  there seem to be quite a few . 
  sadly no legend . 
  do n't know . 
  i know that estonia and latvia had to do things in peculiar ways because we had over million russian immigrants here and lithuania had the luxury of not having them in significant numbers . 
  you are right about vilnius in particular , but there were also large border changes during the soviet occupation . 
  it was `` lithuania is independent again now within the borders of lithuanian ssr '' . 
  they did n't go the way of latvia and estonia because they did n't have the mass immigration problem so they could freely give the few immigrants they had citizenship and they really did n't want to go the route of having a border dispute with poland , that declaring the continuation of 1939 republic would have caused . 
  it is related to the reasons why lithuania chose a different legal form than estonia and latvia . 
  there was a huge difference in lithuanian borders . 
  for example vilnius used to be part of poland before the soviet occupation . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  i see his political views from his frequent posts on this subreddit . 
  he makes these posts because he wants to make these views known . 
  not really , pancakes . 
  russia is just trying to sell it and you sadly are buying it . 
  during the cold war there was 350,000 american solders alone at the border where kremlin power ended . 
  nowadays the kremlin tries to sell you the idea that 600 american solders at the border is something that starts the ww3 and you all will die in nuclear annihilation . 
  it is of course a cynical lie , but right now kremlin does n't care about being caught in easily provable lies and losing all their credibility . 
  perhaps because long term thinking is not their strong suite ( i mean they did n't plan for their evil empire to collapse ) , but also because they see modern people do n't investigate and just might think that where there 's smoke there is fire and the best way is to meet in the middle ( john wants to kill all the kittens in the world and jill wants to kill none so the obvious compromise is to kill half the kittens ) . 
  he refers to the typical russian bullshit of `` evil west expressing deep concern about russia massacring civilians and thus creating irredeemable suffering and pain among the russians , what they will never forgive '' . 
  i know that because i have seen this discussion before . 
  one important thing to note here is that litvinenko was n't a ` spy ' . 
  he was working in anti organized crime department of the fsb . 
  and as you can see even there the separatism is overwhelmingly unpopular . 
  24,3 % was when asked only about their region . 
  the 26.8 % was when they could take even more unwilling participants . 
  polls show that declaring independence had even less support there than joining russia ( 16.6 % ) . 
  that does n't really matter for the armed thugs and russia operatives though . 
  they do what they do to advance russia 's imperialist goals . 
  in 2014 poll only 24.3 % of people in donetsk supported joining russia . 
  or perhaps the people unhappy with the lack of freedom have to make their organization abroad because they would be thrown to prison in russia . 
  natalia arno is a russian . 
  free russia organization consists of russians . 
  it is abroad because putin does n't allow anyone to challenge his power . 
  sometimes our different company income tax logic messes up the usual statistics formulas . 
  assange is the sort of person who thinks the world order is faulty and needs to be destroyed . 
  he figures the best place to start is with destroying the west . 
  that is also what russia wants and they have mutually beneficial relationship . 
  [ here is a good post about wikileaks from two months ago . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/5c8u9l/we_are_the_wikileaks_staff_despite_our_editor/d9utp64/?st=iynhnxkx&amp;sh=4d050fb3 ), 
  it is typical for these users that like to advance the russian propaganda causes to praise the ironclad strength of ink on paper and fight against nato having any sort of actual defense capabilities in the region insisting that ink on paper is more than enough . 
  from the general tone of their posts they 'd be the first ones to demand `` do you really want to die in nuclear fire for tallinn '' should russia actually go for it and invade the defenseless baltics . 
  he is a well known russian troll . 
  one of the pseudohistories they have came up with is that these few thousand latvians who fought for the red army are responsible for installing communism in 150 + million russia . 
  you are sympathizing with the aggressor . 
  of course it pleases you to hear that `` both sides are equally guilty '' nonsense . 
  some people believe parts of russia are in europe also . 
   but mostly small arms are used nope . 
  artillery is used . 
  regional gdp per capita does not show real results . 
  according to the regional gdp per capita warsaw is richer than most of norway . 
  that is of course because most of the polish companies have their headquarters in warsaw .
