  also all this talk about `` humiliation '' just because russians believe they are entitled to enslave other nations and feel bad these got their freedom now is pretty insulting . 
  i am sure that the nazis also felt `` humiliated '' after they lost the war , but sacrificing people to appease their miss of murderlust would be stupid . 
  there was also russian army arresting and beating georgian officials . 
  russian fighter jets making demonstrative overflights on georgian territory despite georgia 's protests . 
  russians shooting down georgia 's drones over georgian territory . 
  russians arming and protecting the separatists killing georgian civilians and officials . 
  stupid report and excellent for quote mining . 
  in reality russia kept provoking and provoking until they got the war they wanted . 
  they 'd have had it in any case , but georgia 's dumb handling made them also suffer in the propaganda side of the war . 
  because moldova and ukraine did n't reform like estonia , poland , czechia etc did . 
  memory playing tricks plus old men remembering fondly the days 25 years ago they could still get erections . 
  that is also what the wikipedia link you gave said . 
  as did the people who studied homelessness when it became possible after glasnost . 
  that was only according to the official statistics . 
  the real number was likely much larger . 
  there were homeless people , but they kept away from sight . 
  by law being homeless was a crime so they were either sent to prison or often just dropped at 101st km from major towns . 
  after being released from prison they were also often sent to places over 100km from a major town and lived in miserable conditions there . 
  you do n't know what 1982 ussr was like . 
   the eastern bloc and the soviets had a much better quality of life back then when comparing with today . 
  absolute nonsense . 
   today they are the poorest country in the eu . 
  what country in the eu was poorer than bulgaria during the commie times ? 
   especially considering they all had a house , a job and food , while a lot here ca n't say the same now . 
  that is a western commie praising the time when people had really shitty life . 
  that was a time in poland where everyone , even the city folks , had to work in unmechanized agriculture in addition to their day job in order to have food . 
  that failure of society is what the picture reminds to people who know that time . 
  everyone was supposed to have a state job so these obviously private people on the picture shows that on top of that there needed to be a 19-century style farming society ( because you could n't own the means of production ) on top of that . 
  do you mean straight after the collapse ? 
  of course straight after the collapse of a shit system the things are even shittier for a short time . 
  you 're a frequent poster in / r/fullcommunism . 
  it is pretty clear what bullshit your message was meant to sell . 
  stalin made russian empire much larger . 
  kremlin loves him for that . 
  yeah , sure . 
  the poles were swimming in luxury and easy life in 1982 . 
  it really has nothing to do with objectivity . 
  estonia had a very good transition and we still have a lot of these people bitching . 
  then when you actually dig up the prices and salaries you 'll see how the memory is playing tricks , but it is not natural for everyone to be able to do this . 
  it is objectively false of course . 
  people just remember when they were young and they often remember their relative status in society . 
  i.e they might have been in top 10 % then and are now average , but overall still wealthier . 
  getting rid of socialism shook the social ladder . 
  for example being a sales clerk in a meat store does n't mean you are part of the elite any more . 
  people are dumb . 
  nothing new there . 
  you seriously think they were n't ? 
  simple . 
  they recognize the positive things like creation of kgb , where putin is from and mourn the negative things like russian empire getting smaller . 
  by the way a german company bayer bought monsanto so now it must be shadowy german secret services ruling the world to make mutants . 
  have n't the russians been humiliated enough during the past 25 years and now you want to deny them their rightful rule over you !, 
   not that it makes ill-treatment of russians today excusable . 
  there is no ill-treatment of russians in the baltics . 
  is this one of these computer generated essays ? 
  i do n't think it is uniform . 
  i know both are banned in lithuania , but i do n't think anything is banned in estonia . 
  what 's so important about this 100 % free speech ideal of allowing everything , including symbols used for `` i 'm not touching you '' level free speech intimidation and antagonization . 
  i was thinking about symbols more in general , not what that sensitive symbol might be in different countries . 
  sort of like the ban of political clothing that is in effect in some countries in response to the success of nazi brownshirts . 
  the case where a symbol might be used to antagonize and intimidate some people . 
   that does n't contradict my statement in the slightest . 
  of course the fact that in 1945 97.1 % of estonia was estonians contradicts your statement and your narrative of generations old minority that came in 19th century . 
   this seems to imply that the fastest migration rate happened right after the war , between 1945 and 1953 ( stalin 's death ) what you copied is lithuania specific and lithuania is different namely because lithuania does not have large amount of russian immigrants . 
  estonia and latvia do and these immigrants came in '70s and '80s . 
  your opinion is that red star is ok , but what the guy i sent this question to said was `` censorship is never good '' and i was looking for an answer to that . 
  what is so bad about it ? 
  you 're not really restricting anyone 's free speech if you do n't let some assholes piss people off by brandishing their swastikas or hammers and sickles . 
  i doubt lithuanians can make these russian official websites for official russian government resettling campaign linked in this text . 
   russians came in significant numbers right after the annexation by the russian empire in the 19th century you are trying to sneak in false claims here . 
  these russians in estonia mostly came in 1970s and 1980s . 
  facts are important . 
  in 1945 estonia 's population was 97.1 % estonian and it fell to 61.5 % by 1989 . 
  do you believe there was an unprecedented baby boom among the non-estonians during the soviet occupation ? 
  no comrade . 
  it is a covert war against buddhism and they want to remove the swastika under false pretenses . 
  you really believe that kaliningrad residents are 3 times wealthier than lithuanian ones ? 
  the claim that this leaflet makes . 
  it is just a mix of incorrect numbers and faulty math . 
  i think there were more parties to this agreement and some western funds paid a lot of money to the military staff who left to russia . 
  that is - to get the money the military people had to sign papers they leave for good . 
  i do n't remember exactly , but i think it was $ 30k in the 90s - a fortune . 
  are you sure it is fake ? 
  there are indeed such russian government programs of encouraging relocation to russia , but they have been very unsuccessful in the baltics for obvious reasons . 
  this is what it shows to me http://i.imgur.com/pfqlgor.png https://www.google.com/finance?cid=52070309649451 market cap 3.93 t rub = $ 62b usd . 
  not only that , but it puts a very strict criteria of what is considered victims . 
  for example by that criteria there was zero victims in holodomor . 
  it is / u/akarlin map so it is natural that he goes through the effort of painting it at such . 
  that guy plays a roll of dim pseuointellectual `` asking questions '' in russian troll teams . 
  you were rude . 
  apologize !, 
  this post was written by someone who has chosen their screen name to be o.w. 
  kuusinen . 
  it is just made up commie propaganda like the whole map . 
  there were plenty of useful idiots in the west believing commie stories . 
  it is pretty propagandist . 
  namely western useful idiots at nat geo buying and repeating soviet propaganda . 
   in 2014 , a book that was at least partially sponsored by a state grant from the ministry of communications -- titled two worlds , two ideologies -- represented the argument between lysenko and opponents as one between `` patriots '' and `` national traitors . '' articles praising lysenko appear regularly today in national newspapers : one 2015 article in the newspaper kultura erroneously said , `` agricultural methods developed by the academic are still used in the entire world . '' it continued : `` if one were to analyze facts objectively , one would have to say that lysenko was without question an extraordinary man . '' i ca n't even . 
   however nato agreed , unfortunately only informally , not to expand further in exchange for east germany becoming part of nato during german reunification . 
  not true . 
  just a myth that has been posted 100 times and debunked 100 times .
