  you do not know what the lawyer got murdered for . 
  my guess is that he got murdered for knowing things that russia wants to keep hidden . 
  russian special forces soldiers were following orders when they were sent to ukraine and now russia denies them . 
  in their mind they are prisoners of war , but russia denies it is in this war so the soldiers are handled by criminal court . 
  these men have a lot of information that russia does not want recorded . 
  ukrainian woman was defending her country against russian invaders . 
  she was kidnapped and taken to russia to be held at a mock trial . 
  alexander aleksandrov is a sergeant of russian spetsnaz captured in ukraine while russia denies their army is fighting in ukraine . 
  it is a very embarrassing incident for russia and these guys seriously do n't want to spend the rest of their lives in jail so it is likely they have told their lawyer things that russia does not want to be part of the public record . 
  if you are aiming for a conspiracy angle then the obvious party not wanting these men to share what they know in order to save themselves is russia . 
  court has n't decided what to do with them , but if you have been following this case there is no doubt they are members of russian spetsnaz . 
  it is unfortunate that this lying spin of tass.ru talking about `` detained russian citizens '' got to reddit before and is upvoted blocking out the versions without russian lies . 
  it is clear to anyone with a brain that these men are russian servicemen . 
  tass is just showing what a propaganda outlet it is . 
  ppp is still quite useless . 
  it is a single number that is supposed to represent all different income groups and consumption profiles . 
  i think that is why the economists do not even trouble themselves too much with trying to make it useful . 
  according to this ppp map https://redd.it/4b4ieo estonia and spain are roughly equal , but to anyone familiar with the countries it is clear that this is not the case . 
   detained russian citizen how nice to omit that this ` detained citizen ' is a russian special forces soldier . 
  tl ; dr a self described communist oven hatherley has a problem with statues honoring lenin being removed and thinks that an electricity station must be also dismantled as it was built when lenin was in power . 
  somehow germany managed to remove their nazi statues without dismantling autobahns or beer halls . 
  the one telling you things yesterday is obviously in some sort of deep denial . 
  what you are reading now is a story of one of the luckiest of those taken in ' 49 . 
  she remembers that despite breaking her bones with 50kg girl carrying 50kg packs there was dancing and that is a survival mechanism . 
  then again those those taken in '41 had 90 % dying within two years . 
  it sucked for the nazis that hitler died too . 
  people were n't ready for it . 
  while the period of hitler rule might have not been good for the jews we must remember that it was bad for everyone . 
  usa winning the war was psychologically very harsh and i do n't wish that feeling even to my worst enemy . 
  it is because stalin died in 1953 and after that a lot of people were rehabilitated . 
  doubt it would have happened if stalin still lived . 
  they started to free people some time after stalin 's death . 
  these people were taken in 1949 and stalin died in 1953 so looks like they spent 2 more years after his death until their time to get freed came . 
  if usa were a president his name would be george worstington . 
  do you really believe these people are fleeing counterterrorism ? 
  sad thoughts . 
  i am also pissed because she is not guilty of anything . 
  muslims should take responsibility . 
  muslims are not weeding out the radicals and not shutting down or reporting the radical imams . 
  muslim community knows who they are and tolerates them . 
  so that makes you think the good idea is to bring more to strenghten them . 
  war in the east for example . 
  nothing much works there . 
  factories are dismantled and equipment is shipped to russia . 
  supply chains are broken . 
   jebbar salman ammar , 29 , was given a 16-month suspended sentence by the pirkanmaa district court . 
  til that moving in estonia without a reflector can be punished with a fine up to 40 $ and moving without a reflector while drunk with up to $ 400 . 
  a law that will double these fines is likely to pass next wednesday . 
  these are actual rates collected for year 2012 . 
  the gray number under the circle is the actual collected tax % of the gdp that year and the circle shows breakdown . 
  this varies from year to year . 
  for example there might be a year where corporations do n't make much profit . 
  on that year the yellow slice ( under which corporate income tax falls ) would be very small . 
  it is wrong to say there is virtually no taxation of capital . 
  it is 20 % . 
  in most countries it is just split in two as dividend tax/capital gains tax on top of corporate income tax is just double taxation . 
  which it gon na be , staring at eyes to see the soul or pressing a reset button ? 
  he has a lot of ukrainian ties . 
  he lived in ukraine , studied in ukrainian university and speaks ukrainian . 
  air force base skews the demographics to be almost exclusively young men who browse internet all day . 
  of course there are a lot of reddit users there as young men are the primary demographics of reddit users . 
  the second place in this list was oak brook illinois , that is basically mcdonald 's headquarters - the town . 
  any conspiracy theories about that ? 
   us definitely did far more damage to the world than russia you know that is simply not true . 
  why do you think there were public executions and dead bodies put on display in medieval times ? 
  to scare others of course . 
  that is the logic behind it . 
  the regime does n't mind if people know it and be scared . 
   now i read how a guy in a peacefull country says wellcome to troops is just horrible , ** because it is naive ** . 
  oh , the irony . 
  why are you barraging a random poster with that ? 
  i believe that was based on how things were in 2013 . 
  nato deployments and what the baltics have is not the same now as it was then . 
  should russia invade estonia then the internet would be full of the same kind of propaganda bullshit with people like you spreading it as you do against ukraine right now . 
  that was only afghanistan . 
  individual countries have veto 's over many things in the eu . 
  if serbia should decide to be russian trojan horse inside the eu and be at odds with everyone else then it will cause problems . 
  ireland is a monster . 
  you just keep repeating the same empty words . 
  have a look at this video from 2008 . 
  putin himself saying how it is stupid hysteria to think russia might invade ukraine . 
  the only ` hysteria ' i see is from ignorant flowerpower people like you who keep yelling that placing 3 armored battalions in the baltics is warmongering and will bring us all death in nuclear ashes . 
  you can read the other 5 parts linked at the bottom if you open them in incognito window . 
  being secure is the opposite of wanting a war . 
  weakness invites aggression . 
  `` belgium devastated by terror attacks in brussels '' . 
  `` really ? 
  it might be the government and vast majority of belgians , but i know for a fact that there are belgians cheering the terror attacks ! '', 
  it is a show put on to intimidate everyone else . 
  they show that even the most absurd accusations with glaring inconsistencies put in it on purpose put you away for life . 
  `` this is what we can do '' . 
  kgb experience in action . 
   `` in my study of communist societies , i came to the conclusion that the purpose of communist propaganda was not to persuade or convince , not to inform , but to humiliate ; and therefore , the less it corresponded to reality the better . 
  when people are forced to remain silent when they are being told the most obvious lies , or even worse when they are forced to repeat the lies themselves , they lose once and for all their sense of probity . 
  to assent to obvious lies is ... in some small way to become evil oneself . 
  one 's standing to resist anything is thus eroded , and even destroyed . 
  a society of emasculated liars is easy to control . 
  i think if you examine political correctness , it has the same effect and is intended to . ''  -- theodore dalrymple, 
  you do n't know what happened in estonia in 2007 , what estonia was like before and what estonia is like now . 
  you should really have a look at your persecution complex .
