  the head of chess federation thing was explained - the guy is there thanks to russia 's support . 
  that is why it was relevant to the article . 
  not properly engaging russia during yeltsin years is a lie . 
  russia has been given all sorts of benefits of doubt that they had n't earned then and never did in the future . 
  [ russia has been abusing the interpol red notice system many times ] ( https://euobserver.com/justice/121207 ) . 
  them not being kicked out of it after continuous abuse is exactly the unearned benefits that i am talking about . 
  russia is a pariah . 
  you saying they are n't does n't make it so . 
  russia ca n't help countries , but it can help politicians by using their intelligence and propaganda machine to give them victories . 
  a politician might value being personally re-elected more than he cares about his country losing billions . 
  what is trashy about it ? 
  i think you have some incorrect counting method . 
  why are you so keen on apologizing soviet crimes against humanity anyway ? 
  i hate the poisonous things russia does . 
  soviet union murdered more people than nazi germany . 
  except the soviet union also killed millions . 
  he was not saying nazi germany was n't a genocidal regime . 
  you were saying soviet union was n't . 
   ukraine was invaded just because the russians found out about the us plots about the place what were these evil plots ? 
  is there any evidence of foul play ? 
  could n't it really be that the paper was not doing well financially and was closed for that reason ? 
  well , soviet official history was fake . 
  it rested on numerous lies . 
  are you disputing that ? 
  you were n't able to follow my post . 
  that is absolutely not what i said . 
  do you not see it as true ? 
  for example the explaining away of the molotov -- ribbentrop pact so often seen posted by russians in this forum follows exactly the flow of soviet time propaganda . 
  the important difference now is that at the soviet time the official history claimed the secret protocols are anti-soviet forgeries . 
  with that claim the formal logic of the lie made sense . 
  now the same steps of that lie are told , but since they ca n't anymore claim the secret protocols to be forgeries the formal logic of it falls apart . 
  but of course that does n't matter for propaganda in russia . 
  plain lying is not a matter of focus though and the whole soviet official history rested on plain lies . 
  russian propaganda and their public belief has taken over the soviet fake history without insisting on any of the disproved lies . 
  now the russian official view is n't logically consistent any more , but that does not matter in propaganda . 
  edward lucas is the guy who got it much earlier than the others . 
  at the time he published his book in 2008 he was likely called wolfcrier and paranoid and by now the actions followed have shown him right . 
  no hope of the fiercest opponents being gracious when proven wrong with utterly overwhelming evidence though . 
  they still throw the same slurs - `` panicker , wolf crier , etc. . . '' all the while russia has invaded ukraine and pretending that everything is fine and in order requires a huge suspension of disbelief . 
  nato budget itself is insignificant . 
  nato has a conference room and an awacs plane . 
  serious money is in the defense budgets of the member states and in that us contribution is disproportionately large . 
  other member states should really shape up and make it more fair . 
  it turned out the third of the comments in british paper 's online pages are from russia . 
  these paid poster comments are not there only to influence the brits . 
  they also target those russians , who grow skeptical about their press and go to see what the foreigners write . 
  `` vladimir putin great president , best . 
  our western media it lie so much to us because they are slave of state department . 
  we must stop demonize russia and not surround motherland dildo bugger smith , middlesexshire '' same way with the current thing . 
  it would be inefficient to have scribes ready to write a narrative and scan obscure radios so when the opportunity presents itself they can capitalize . 
  more likely is that all these articles were written before and then they had someone call into a radio station to say that piece and gave the go ahead to send the prepared articles to print . 
  that 2000 documents that turns out to be the number of times ` russia ' appears in the search results is a go to response of russian trolls . 
  maybe it appears in one of their trolling manuals . 
  i have challenged them multiple times to list something exposed about russia and so far have gotten no response . 
  me too . 
  i think everybody is banned from there . 
  i was banned after one message for suggesting that the huge soviet memorial for khatyn massacre in belarus was built and khatyn chosen to exploit the name similarities with katyn to help with soviet denial campaign of katyn massacre . 
  you have been banned from / r/russia . 
  * 26/10/10 https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/28800256698 * 01/11/10 http://foreignpolicy.com/2010/11/01/russias-fsb-to-wikileaks-we-could-destroy-you/, 
  that was sir humphrey in yes , prime minister . 
  do n't know if that was the feeling on the streets . 
  radiators can have air in it . 
  there is a knob like pic on them and to let the air out you have to slowly turn the screw about half turns to the left . 
  water starts to come out so have some cup to put it in and to clean up . 
  after the water flow out goes steady the air is out and you must turn the screw back . 
  maybe your building has n't turned on the heating yet . 
   but german factories were n't making anywhere near enough adidas clothes to cover the entirety of ussr rolex also is n't making enough of their watches so that the shortages have to be filled with fakes . 
  inflation of the 90s is remembered , but in reality it was just one feature of life as almost no one had ruble savings anyway and wage growth kept up with the inflation . 
  look at the average wage in russia by month in 1993 . http://i.imgur.com/3ktmbho.png, 
  there is no putin success . 
  all european former commie countries recovered and did so without instituting a dictatorship and banning freedom ( ~ ~ or ~ ~ and without having oil ) . 
  what is special for putin is that he rode one of the most extreme oil price boom . 
  brent crude was $ 12 a barrel averaging in 1998 and shoot up to $ 100 and more from there . 
   black plaque nicely spotted, 
  europe survived the black plaque . 
  the geographical construct is still here unfazed . 
  black plaque was nothing . 
  also what many people forget is that back during the cold war there were several hundreds of thousands of soldiers in active duty positioned in west germany ready to respond to soviet invasion . 
  it was n't just a paper guarantee with no forces to back it up . 
  guerrilla marketing . 
  kremlin pr department wants these kinds of antics and buzz and thus they get them through their proxies . 
   these states have to fear monger to stay relevant or get cash injections into the economy . 
  is what you call your nuanced opinion . 
  propaganda made for the very dumbest . 
  ostrich tactic award goes to that post . 
  10 thousand people have died in putin 's war in ukraine . 
  northern ireland is not north korea . 
  russia has a lot of state owned companies that do things that kremlin tells them to do that do not have any business reasons . 
  this means government spending money in a non-transparent way . 
  i have seen enough of your posts to see this is a cynical lie . 
  there is no need to do something that ridiculous . 
  normal people see that latvia is a fair country and it is only fanatics like you who attack latvia and estonia constantly with these ridiculous demands . 
  holocaust was legal at the time . 
  latvia was filled with people from russia to eradicate latvian ethnicity and culture . 
  latvians were sent to siberia . 
  their houses were confiscated and immigrants were housed there . 
  immigrants refused to learn the language of the country they moved to and instead latvians were made to learn their language . 
  by the time of soviet collapse latvians were becoming a minority in their own country . 
  and now latvia only wants these people to learn latvian language to become citizens . 
  there is a lot of injustice that has happened and the target of this has been latvians .
