  it is a really simple procedure . 
  yet they choose not to . 
  i 'd add that this is also not what informed and friendly foreigners think . 
  the criticism from foreigners in this thread seems to be extremely uninformed . 
   i thought the baltic racism and russophobia was just a kremlin propaganda meme that is a rhetoric device for you , right ? 
  you have always re-posted the vilest russian propaganda about estonia and repeated their `` meme '' - s as if it was true . 
  but is n't the new law only making it impossible to opt-out ? 
  was n't it right now that the parents just had to check a box on a form for a child to get citizenship ? 
  i do n't remember who wrote the opinion article , but in it they claimed that in their opinion estonian russian language journalists actually push for russians not integrating and speculated it might be because integrated russians would also be able to consume other estonian media and the need for russian language journalists would decrease . 
  simple . 
  kremlin front wikileaks is campaigning for corbyn . 
  why did putin allow a `` madman and a troll '' to be the head of the department of sociology of international relations of moscow state university until 2014 ? 
  the book foundations of geopolitics is from 1997 . 
  we can play this came forever with you denying everything and claiming not to understand . 
  i do n't think playing this game with you is a good use for my time . 
  [ here is putin saying in 2008 that russia has no territorial complaints against ukraine and of course crimea belongs to ukraine - to say russia feels anything else is a provocation . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uomukddilcs ) us troops arrived in estonia only after and in response to russian invasion of ukraine . 
  yet russian hostilities and bitching has been ever present ever since ~ 2006 or so . 
  strangely in ~ 2002/2003 putin said russia does n't mind if estonia joins nato . 
  i do n't really know when was the last time , but for example last tuesday there was a 4 minute propaganda attack segment in rossya24 about estonia consisting of several lies and as usual hate . 
  you can googletranslate the estonian language review of this segment together with debunkings . 
   russia wants a regional sphere of influence from your post below  your people may have legitimate grievances against russia , but do you expect russia to go against their own interests because of the emotions of a few million balts ? 
  peoples who number less than a third the population of moscow ? 
  so you admit that nato is not obsolete . 
  it is needed to save people from russia . 
  so russian empire was not russian empire because many leaders were n't ethnic russians ? 
  hackers is just a small part of the story . 
  the bigger part is the propaganda networks both above and below ground and russian controlled actors like wikileaks . 
  that kind of public perception influence would not work in russia as russians watch russian tv in russian language , other tv is barred and they really do n't have elections in meaningful sense that could be influenced . 
  how about planning and executing the joint invasion of poland ? 
   in 1939 , vatutin planned operations for the soviet invasion of poland with germany , and served as chief of staff of the red army southern group . 
  seems like a nazi collaborator to me . 
  i know so many times from our own history about things , where there was no wrong doing on the part of those , whom russia accuses of being nazi . 
  just a joke . 
  i do n't believe soviet propaganda nazi accusations . 
  their propaganda said that everyone loves the ussr , so anyone fighting against it had to be a nazi . 
  nasty ukraine also has a moscow street and moscow was a notorious nazi collaborator . 
  stalin 's moscow allied with hitler 's berlin to invade central europe and divide it between them . 
  ukraine wanted to shoot down putin 's plane that was nearby , but accidentally missed and shot down mh-17 . 
  do n't forget about the $ 500 million a year media empire to broadcast their propaganda . 
  italy dispatched a battalion of hundred chefs to teach us the noble ways of pizza and spaghetti ( and to take jerbs from our chefs , who only know how to cook potato ) . 
   a lot of people got fucked by the system a lot of people also had unearned privileges they are bitter of losing . 
  a sales clerk in a meat store used to be an elite in the previous society , but their skills do not translate into being an elite in the current one . 
  they may even be objectively better of now , but they miss their relative status in the society ladder . 
  people are often emotional and not logical when answering such questions . 
  when the times are tough a lot of people like to whine about something when answering these questions . 
  here is a similar poll from 2011 - the time when lithuania 's economy was at the bottom due to the economic crises and people were really tired of the recent hardship - http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/12/05/confidence-in-democracy-and-capitalism-wanes-in-former-soviet-union/ notice how the angry responses were there then , but are no longer there now , when the economy has recovered . 
  it probably takes stats for a long time so huge number of russian immigrants going back in the 90s dominates . 
  here is the emigration/immigration saldo from 2007-2016 finland -20,517 britain -1933 germany -1047 sweden -476 irish -237 holland -182 denmark -132 switzerland -104 spain -92 austria -68 norway -63 luxembourg -52 belgium -5 czech republic 12 poland 51 france 75 italy 98 lithuania 179 united states 264 belarus 332 latvia 568 ukraine 2848 russia 5830, 
   being denied paints worse image for the russian public that whatever bullshit can those media invent . 
  rt and sputnik are not meant for russian public . 
  their goal is to spread fake news and propaganda in the west . 
  i happened to be in tervete at the time of some sort of latvian national dance and song festival and saw young russian teams enthusiastically practicing their dances . 
  at least this makes it seem the integration has some positive results . 
  i think he did change the world . 
  this act allowed gorbachev to fire some hardline generals . 
  it was [ border guards day ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/picturegalleries/worldnews/5400995/vodka-and-swimming-at-russian-border-guards-day-celebrations.html ) so naturally all the border guards were drunk . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  already the eu law says that if those `` escaping '' estonia are caught in some other eu country then the cost of bringing them back will be charged to estonia . 
   so what will happen ? 
  i think what will happen is that these poor refugees will escape the living hell of estonia and the eu will fine estonia for it . 
  b-but * flourishing * !, 
  i see what you mean now . 
  i come back to it being tricky . 
  centre parties line is that `` russians will vote for us no matter what so lets fool as many estonians as we can . 
  never let them know what we really are '' . 
  so the minister is guilty of letting their deception show as there was a journalist with a dictophone actually recording what he said , when he thought no estonian will ever find out . 
  can you rephrase ? 
  i did n't understand what you want to say . 
  there is more to it . 
  he is from the party that gets almost all the russian votes and few estonian ones , but that party needs estonian votes to be alive . 
  thus so far they have gone to great lengths to hide from the estonian public what their real plans and promises to their core voters are . 
  in this case it came out because an estonian incognito journalist was in his rally , where he thought he is only talking to russians . 
  so you support eliminating the defense spending and giving the money to pensioners ? 
  i do n't think you support that . 
  it is a case of a party telling a totally different story to estonians and russians coming out . 
  that party ca n't survive without estonian votes and revealing what the minister tells to ethnic russians is quite a big deal . 
  well , he wants votes . 
  that is why he is telling russian pensioners that the money that goes into defense is wasted and should go to increasing their pensions instead . 
  the trouble in this case was that there was a journalist among the crowd , who recorded his speech and reported the juicier bits in estonian language newspaper . 
  nothing reasonable there as it is just one of these plausible sounding lies that serve the purpose of dismantling estonian defense capabilities . 
  in the actual meeting he also expressed support for effectively eliminating our defense forces and giving that money to pensioners . 
  another part is that his party is going after estonian votes also , but this is something they are never saying in their communication with estonians . 
  that talk coming out was a big hit against the duality of message they try to maintain between their communication with russians and with estonians . 
  language requirements are very relaxed though . 
  only very basic level is required . 
  reading this thread it seems many people argue only considering the time horizon of the next 2-3 years , while security decisions like this must consider a much longer time frame . 
  what about that part ? 
   the police searched the homes of some of the detained men and found a real illegal gun , ammunition and ** suspected improvised explosive devices . 
   what does that mean ? 
  after pensions and medicine subsidies are removed then a large part of non-productive population goes away . 
  this will rise russia 's competitiveness and per capita indicators . 
  why did n't the netherlands follow this advice during the last big war ( ww2 ) ? 
  why did you attack germany ? 
  in modern wars with countries like russia the equipment you have on day one is what you have to win the war with . 
  the side getting an advantage is going to bomb all the factories of the losing side . 
  there is no more long years of building stuff . 
  they do n't want to police their coast because there is nothing in it for them . 
  same way like transit countries in migrant routes do n't care about capturing and registering them . 
  they know these people are going to germany .
