  a quick and victorious war suited it well . 
  homo sovieticus is n't a racial or even ethnic term . 
  it is used to describe people whose soul and brains are broken by the soviet society . 
  delaying beneficial treaties . 
  cutting off aid . 
  was n't it that he wants to get rid of the nukes , but still operate the ballistic subs ( now empty ) , because the subs are built and maintained in constituencies important to him ? 
  number of deaths was ~ 3 days worth of traffic fatalities in russia . 
  it is a common propaganda misrepresentation that some russians like to post . 
  i.e soviet paradise under wise rule from moscow and the population skyrockets . 
  independent latvia at the hands of dumb aborigines and the population falls off the cliff . 
  it was a russian aggression , but the point here is that in the initial reporting the western media trusted russian lies . 
  cnn ticker said ' 4500 civilians killed by georgian government ' . 
   after recovery from communism we are aware of propaganda i refuse to believe you are actually serious here . 
  it is a lie that you know ` good russians ' must tell , right ? 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/mh17-russian-missile-investigation_us_561faff3e4b0c5a1ce622a7b  a poll by independent russian firm the levada center that was released on july 30 , 2014 found that only 3 percent of russians believed that separatists in eastern ukraine shot down the jet . 
  this is in contrast to 36 percent saying it was the ukrainian military 's fault , and 46 percent saying a ukrainian anti-aircraft missile hit the plane . 
   while that poll was taken in the days immediately following the tragedy when information and analysis was still being released , another conducted a year after the disaster , in july 2015 , found near identical attitudes among the russians it surveyed . 
   still , only 3 percent of respondents believed that militias bore primary responsibility for shooting down the plane , though in the most recent poll 17 percent of people blamed the united states . 
  where do you get the 4 million and 2.6 million figures from ? 
  of course it was great . 
  soviet rulers targeted estonia with mass immigration to wipe out estonian nation . 
  then the immigrants left . 
  send 30 million ` refugees ' to germany next year and ask if the germans would be sad to see them leave . 
  for example in estonia almost all of it was recent immigrants from russia going back plus russian army leaving . 
  oh please . 
  all the western media was full of russian lies about `` 4500 civilians killed by georgia '' . 
  the western media bought russian early stage lies straight on . 
  that is some invented victim complex . 
  russia invades ukraine and suddenly it is `` b-but the west supposedly said something about chechens 25 years ago '' . 
  are we supposed to believe that in 2014 russians suddenly remembered this alleged tv insult of the 90s and that is why their approval of the eu went down from 63 % in 2013 to 31 % in 2015 ? 
  good !, 
  carrot and a stick is the way to break through the corruption . 
  that article does n't say anything about ukraine . 
  venezuela is a wreck because the oil prices dropped not because chavez died . 
  it would be a wreck with chavez still alive too . 
  i am now posting from a phone and ca n't check statistics any more . 
  in general those with undetermined citizenship have permanent resident status and many nice things . 
  they can vote in municipal and europarliament elections , but not in parliament elections . 
  they have visa free travel to both schengen and russia ( except these ~ 2475 who now lost visa free russia travel ), 
  the only use one could get from watching the rt is being very informed and analyzing how they lie . 
  that is beyond what one person can do on their leisure . 
  the sheer volume of work needs a team of specialists . 
  please !, 
  stop with the retardedness !, 
  you are seriously suggesting that in the internet age the conspiracy of the western media cabal would be able to block western people seeing putin 's speech ? 
  publicizing putin 's speech in short order is what is natural for rt as they are putin 's propaganda organ . 
  that speech is hardly something that would be kept secret without them anyway . 
  the second part of my reply was short because the whole of the second part of your long post was you not understanding the difference between ` bias ' and ` outright lying to meet objectives ' . 
   well , one excellent and recent example would be putins speech rt broke the news by being the first to publish putin 's speech !, 
  shocking !, 
   in this respect , i think rt sometimes serve as a good alternate view knowingly lying to further agenda is not `` presenting an alternative view '' and knowingly lying is what rt does . 
  something you can only sell to idiots for zero price is n't worth much . 
  i do believe it would . 
  i think there is often a desire to be ` modern ' and get to the press with these modern things and that desire might overrule common sense . 
  putting 10km/h self-driving minibuses on a road might just be one of these things . 
  useless , but gets reported widely in the world 's press so `` torilla tavataan '' . 
  you 're pretending not to understand ? 
  kremlin creates hundred conspiracy theories ... say about how ukraine shot down mh-17 because he thought putin was on it . 
  then it pushes it through their fake news outlets starting from blogs and reaching places like rt. 
  then the trolls of olgino spread the links everywhere so that the russian zombies believing this is what good russians must do would know what to replicate , claim and link . 
  there is no conspiracy in it . 
  it has been established . 
  what is rather unique is that russia has found their target group - dumb , weak-minded people willing to believe the most obvious of lies . 
  this russian law was about those born after february 1992 . 
  in my other post i took the statistics of those under 20 in 31th dec 2011 who were non-citizens . 
  it is a pretty close approximation and the number was 2475 . 
  the overall population in this age group is 267,530 so this 2475 makes ~ 0.9 % of them . 
  that is the number of persons with non-citizen status who were under 20 in 2011 census . 
  they can all get estonian citizenship by a paper signed by their parents when they are under 18 or signed by themselves after they reach 18 . 
  out of the 46880 non-estonians who were under 16 at 2011 there was 1285 with undetermined citizenship . 
  that is 2.7 % so it is very uncommon . 
  ( i could n't get under 20 year old for this statistics table as the age groups are segmented differently ) . 
  good job sherlock . 
  that was exactly what i was saying . 
  mi5 and gestapo are exactly the same . 
  solberg and hitler are exactly the same . 
  the former are just acceptable because it is * the uk * and * norway * doing it . 
  not everything is the same as every other similar thing . 
  prime minister erna solberg is not norwegian hitler equivalent . 
  mi5 is not the gestapo of the uk . 
  by 2011 census there was 2475 people affected by that . 
  it is pretty much nothing . 
  try to find articles describing what day to day work is like in these russian troll factories . 
  there is nothing like that in europe . 
  here is one estimation to the gdp-s before the soviet occupation . 
  a large reason for these troll factories is to make zombiecied idiots repeat their bullshit and control what bullshit is said at what times . 
  people are often incorrectly called paid trolls when in reality they are just idiots repeating the material given and doing it for free . 
  average speed 10 km/hour !, 
  because europe sucks . 
  stop buying russian bullshit in this . 
  just because russia is whining does n't mean it is hurt . 
  russia whines because he wants to invoke a natural feeling in spectators that ` truth is somewhere in the middle ' . 
  that is often true when dealing with normal everyday people and their everyday little conflicts , but absolutely not true in this case . 
  it has been even worse . 
  us military units participated in a military parade in moscow in 2010 . 
  can you imagine that !, 
  moscow is right in the polish back yard only some 700 miles from warsaw !, 
  you have super bowl flyovers . 
  what is ? 
  click on the link and scroll down to ` view comments ' link .
