  that caused a real estate boom so it was crises starting + that boom ending . 
  i know that other countries can also report real estate boom , but it is a bit larger for countries where incomes just reached the level of being able to acquire the 2 cars + house package for many people at once . 
  post commie countries had a point where they got their shit together and that was followed by a big jump in gdp . 
  for many of these countries including hungary the point where the jump started was ~ 2000 . 
  for many others it was later , so around time that it shows maximum effect if you put 2004 as base . 
  western countries have had more stable development , but post-commie economies depend much more on what year you pick for start . 
  for example in the chart below you can see that czechia and estonia had their upward jump ~ 2000 and poland had it a bit later . 
  there are other options also , like giving money only when certain strict demands are met and watching carefully how it is used . 
  it seems this is what the author advocates . 
   the other option is to refrain from resuming aid until the coming to power of a truly new leadership that excludes most people with previous high-level government experience , save for reputable technocrats such as abromavi\u010dius , former finance minister natalie jaresko , and central bank chief valeriya gontareva . 
  this would mark a genuine change in western policy , one based on the assumption that real , lasting reform is unlikely so long as ukraine 's compromised political class continues in power . 
  i see that as very different from just saying `` fu , i am out of here , no carrot no stick '' . 
  of course there must be strict control over money and penalties for misuse , but in reality ukraine is not actually showered with it and when properly managed the aid ( and the threat of its removal if conditions are not met ) is a very useful pair of carrot and stick to motivate them to reform . 
   ukraine is n't culturally ready to work with the eu eu is working with a lot of different countries all over the world . 
   the russians were partially right about our doomed efforts but we did the right thing by trying . 
  no one is surprised that by may 2016 ukraine still has a lot of problems . 
  everyone knows that fixing things like that takes a lot of time , but eu has a lot of successes in that area . 
  what is your proposal , now that you decided that the try is over ? 
  boycott ukraine and cut off diplomatic relations or something ? 
  for many the reasons come from their childish anti-americanism . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to find serious people who honestly claim that russia is a superpower . 
  i responded to the global warming related discussion . 
  your own comment `` i mean i may be wrong about an outbreak of mutated ducks sieging the white house by 2020 '' was an attempt to parody the earlier comment about global warming 's effect on habitability of africa . 
  you are needlessly flippant . 
  i took a minute to google `` global warming africa '' and got this . 
  http://www.unep.org/roa/amcen/docs/amcen_events/climate-change/2ndextra_15dec/fact_sheet_cc_africa.pdf  by 2020 , between 75 and 250 million people in africa are projected to be exposed to increased water stress due to climate change . 
   by 2020 , in some countries , yields from rain-fed agriculture could be reduced by up to 50 % . 
  agricultural production , including access to food , in many african countries is projected to be severely compromised . 
  this would further adversely affect food security and exacerbate malnutrition . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what people and when ? 
  hope you 're not going to try to equate russian `` humiliation '' over poland accepted to nato with the excesses of treaty of versailles ? 
  i do n't believe even the isis beheaders are born bad . 
  i was referring to the culture in russia at that time . 
  deep worship of russian ww2 cult and lands that their grandfathers conquered , their natural imperialism and chauvinism . 
  bitterness about losing their empire and instead of having an honest look of where their own failures were the tendency of blaming western treachery . 
  it was clear to quite many people familiar with russian character that once russia should get stronger again they will attempt to reconquer the countries they lost . 
  that is the reason why the whole eastern europe set being accepted into nato as their highest priority . 
  the whole history is full of wars and invasions . 
  russia is a country who has chosen to create a propaganda meme about constantly being invaded by europe . 
  and about hungary and poland . 
  and in his other statements he was wrong about russians and russia . 
   once the prices and ** the standard of living ** also become similar to estonia 's i see where you are coming from . 
  ca n't have greek standard of living fall to be near estonia 's . 
  in this case other people 's money given to greece is really the only option . 
  russia is pretty much pawn sized itself . 
  why are you so keen on defending russia 's desire to be able to invade eastern europe anyway ? 
  what is in it for you ? 
  eastern european countries were all pushing toward being allowed into nato . 
  it was their number one foreign policy goal that they all worked very hard to attain . 
  nato did n't `` expand '' by military conquest the way the soviet union did . 
  he was just wrong about russians . 
  he was 94 years old by that time and away from active work for many decades . 
  his importance to the cold war history also brings a desire for a bit of self-congratulating world view - `` what do you mean we giants have n't already solved it ? '', 
  he still believed in 1998 that russians are freedom loving , peaceful and tolerant people who had just been bent under the will of politburo in soviet times and since there was no politburo any more then everything is fine . 
  this was the naive hope of late 80s early 90s , but if someone still held it in 1998 and called russia as democratic or more than czech republic then he had gotten stuck in some earlier dream and had n't been paying attention . 
  to be fair 94 is quite advanced age . 
  and he described russia as a peace loving democracy . 
  the man had clearly no idea . 
  what actually happened was that russia was tolerable as long as the oil prices were low and turned aggressive once the record oil price hike had made them feel secure and rich . 
   if russia had been given the level of support that germany and japan got installing foreign occupation government might have hurt russian feelings . 
  they are kind of tender like that . 
   '' and russia 's democracy is as far advanced , if not farther , as any of these countries we 've just signed up to defend from russia , '' said mr. kennan , who joined the state department in 1926 and was u.s. 
  ambassador to moscow in 1952 . 
  i guess this statement shows how connected to reality this 94 years old man , who had had a half a year stint as an ambassador to moscow 46 years ago , was in 1998 . 
  the countries in question were czech republic , hungary and poland . 
  but is n't that basically true ? 
  greeks got a large bunch of free money handed to them . 
  actually back in these days everyone had to have their own farming thing going on if they did n't want to starve . 
  means of productions like tractors were not to be trusted in the hands of private persons so people , including me as a helper , did use horses for agricultural jobs . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agriculture_in_the_soviet_union#efficiency_or_inefficiency_of_collective_farming  in the 1980s , 3 % of the land was in private plots which produced more than a quarter of the total agricultural output . 
  moldova seems truly stuck in the soviet times . 
  it is not a civilization game where you can only have one item in your production pipeline being worked on at any time . 
  cool . 
  spend the time posting in reddit , that you could use in volunteering in a soup kitchen . 
  or have all the poor disappeared from romania from the time i last checked ? 
  exactly . 
  but you could ask asylum in sweden , get it , and then continue toward usa , canada or australia at the first possibility . 
  you could n't get asylum in finland . 
  finland was n't safe . 
  you had to get to sweden to be safe . 
  of course you could attempt to hitchhike , but much better would be going straight to sweden by sea . 
  exactly . 
  all the coastal areas were closed to people because finland and sweden were reachable by a small boat . 
  it is not on an article list in / r/russia . 
  liar , liar !, 
  pants on fire . 
  liar is you . 
  tv i meant was pervoi baltiski kanal . 
  financing certain parties and using the russian intelligence and propaganda resources to target voters is absolutely interfering . 
   estonian elections have never been interferenced by russia . 
  the interference is so everpresent that you have just gotten used to it and do n't notice it any more . 
  what about giving huge amounts of money to keskerakond and related organizations ? 
  what about managing to push a candidate for mayor of tallinn into interpol wanted criminals database a saturday before sunday 's election and making a huge propaganda around it ? 
  what about running whole tv channels for russians here shamelessly propagandizing for keskerakond ? 
  why ? 
  because it is . 
  you did n't know that , did you . 
  because you do n't know about estonian politics and parties . 
  you do n't know anything about estonian parties .
