  you are too invested in your commie propaganda , too arrogant and too stubborn . 
  not worth my time trying to educate you here as you 're just going to ignore everything anyway and stick to your propaganda . 
  you 've just heard some bullshit soviet propaganda and believed it . 
  literacy rate of estonia was 91.2 % already in 1897 . 
  gdp per capita in 1938 was higher than in finland , austria or italy and 84 % of that of france . 
  quite different from what you incorrectly believed . 
  then we were invaded and occupied by a cruel backward totalitarian regime that started mass murders , mass deportations , [ practical reintroduction of serfdom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/passport_system_in_the_soviet_union ) and overall backwardness and idiocy in economic matter throwing us into poverty and abysmal human rights situation . 
  i am not going to write more now because you showed how absolutely ignorant ( and a fair bit arrogant in that ) you were , so there are million things you do n't know , but if you want to ask something i 'll answer . 
   the post-staline ussr was honestly a ridiculous improvement over the medieval era in eastern europe medieval period lasted from the 5th to the 15th century . 
  why are you talking about that ? 
  if you think that ussr was an improvement over pre-occupation state in eastern europe then you are very wrong . 
  the arguments you make might be true for asian - stan countries , but that is quite different from europe . 
  because things like gas are never strictly business for moscow . 
  they are always dominated by politics . 
   it isnt that he is a weak person , rather is a nicer person and likes to avoid conflict . 
  that 's weak when it comes to the jobs like the president . 
  what page are the import prices of russian gas of different european countries ? 
  i looked through the whole gas section and did n't find any . 
  i think john r. schindler 's articles have a lot of interesting insights about that . 
  if you have n't still read it i 'd suggest you give it a peek . 
  he already had the money . 
  he already began a task force , but then just shut it down for some reason . 
  that propaganda worked so well because there was a lot of anti-american material and networks and with little twist the anti-american things could be turned to be anti-establishment and worked quite well for promoting trump . 
  a lot of things that could have been done and that even have been done by civilian volunteers like cataloging the facebook and twitter bot networks and the networks of misinformation sites . 
  would n't have worked anyway . 
  that and other articles by john r. schindler go quite into detail , but basically he blames obama for having a very lackluster response to russian propaganda and then even cancelling that . 
  that is of course because obama is a communist and hates freedom so for his whole life russian propaganda has been his ally . 
  he had n't noticed that this had changed and russia had picked a new horse to back in their effort to harm the free world . 
   that said , there 's no shortage of talent available to counter kremlin propaganda today , only a lack of bureaucratic will . 
  nearly a year ago , the state department created a counter-disinformation team , inside its bureau of international information programs , as a small , start-up effort to resist russian disinformation . 
  consisting of only a handful of staffers , it was supposed to expose the most laughable moscow lies about america and the west that are disseminated regularly via rt and other outlets . 
  they created a beta website and prepared to wage the struggle for truth online . 
   alas , their website never went live . 
  recently the state department shut down the tiny counter-disinformation team and any efforts by the obama administration to resist putin 's propaganda can now be considered dead before birth . 
  intelligence community sources tell me that it was closed out of a deep desire inside the white house `` not to upset the russians . '', 
  these are not the prices that russia charges . 
  these are the prices that the consumers in the country pay and they include all taxes and duties . 
  here is a bit old price information from 2013 , but it illustrates the picture rather well - https://www.rferl.org/a/gazprom-russia-gas-leverage-europe/25441983.html germany - $ 379 poland - $ 526 ukraine - $ 485, 
  building and maintaining a land based pipeline is cheaper than sea based no matter the transit fees , so that argument does n't hold . 
  people just put crosses there . 
  you do n't need a permit if the cross is smaller than something like 2 meters . 
  i saw a lot of crosses from visiting tourist groups . 
  something like a german motorcycle club putting a cross made from mufflers etc. . . 
  what do you mean ? 
  shows that obama should n't have been so weak and allow russian propaganda operations run rampart . 
  i am doing nothing wrong . 
  if a russian child got adopted to the usa he had 900 times lesser risk of dying before reaching adulthood than if he was left in russia . 
  horrible destabilizing things like wiping out tuberculosis or reduce child abandonment by giving support to the at-risk families . 
   to top it off the us is keen on `` making '' member states buy american arms that 's a conspiracy theory with no proofs . 
  i remember reading the statistics at the time of the adoption ban came . 
  the rate of russian orphans dying in russia as opposed to russian orphans in america was something crazy like 900 times larger so it obviously did n't have anything to do with child safety . 
  russia banned us persons from adopting orphans from their orphanages as a revenge for magnitsky act . 
  that is all this recently hot `` adoption talks '' is about . 
  putin was furious because as a mafia boss he must be seen able to protect his underlings and in the case of the magnitsky act he was n't able to . 
  that is why he took it out on russian orphans . 
  there are always freaks and idiots . 
  what empowered them was the hundreds of thousands of soviet soldiers standing at their back . 
  how meri justified it was saying that if not scaring the people with deportations they could have rebelled and then it would have been worse . 
  use google translate . 
  not airliners . 
  just a ship from nigeria to germany . 
  near germany the immigrants are put on water in rubber boats and then rescued and taken to a german harbor . 
  they paid good money to travel to germany . 
  preventing them reaching it is betraying their justified expectations . 
  why are n't the carriers bringing them to italy asked to return them ? 
  i mean they could use this brilliant legal trick of dipping them into water on rubber boats for few minutes . 
  why do n't the ngo ships just cut out all the middle-men and just pick up people from nigeria , bangladesh and wherever else they come from and take them directly to germany ? 
  that sounds like a breach  however , the swedish transport agency uploaded ibm 's entire database onto cloud servers , which covered details on every vehicle in the country , including police and military registrations , and individuals on witness protection programs . 
   ** the transport agency then emailed the entire database in messages to marketers that subscribe to it . 
  the westerners you find supporting russia like this are all some sort of idiots . 
  often the common strait is anti-americanism and that 's enough for them . 
  i have read quite a lot about the f-35 and know all the bullshit fud around it . 
  so when would britain be grounded ? 
  in 2070 , when it will need to retire their f-35s ? 
  meanwhile germany just ignored the need to replace their tornado 's . 
  you 're the one making excuses for soviet-nazi alliance , their joint invasion of europe and mass murders . 
  estonians defending their country after being invaded and massacred do n't need excuses . 
  you have gone full vatnik . 
  i seem to remember you were n't always like that . 
  i guess you 're an example of how current russian society breaks and molds people into jingoist totalitarianism apologists . 
  you are angry at `` west '' about some meaningless things and readily accept the russian pseudohistory and lies , that have been prepared for people like you . 
   playing soldiers a bit edgy statement , do n't you think . 
  what you were writing was the typical soviet era propaganda and it has many ways of reaching you . 
  you might have learned these `` facts '' ( that are not actually true ) from a bicycle enthusiast internet group with some far left loofy dudes pushing that view for example . 
  seems you have bought some russian propaganda . 
  in reality a lot of repressions were prevented because the soviets did n't have the resistance problem under control yet . 
  soviet union was a nazi collaborator . 
  they started the ww2 in alliance with the nazis . 
  it invaded estonia , latvia and lithuania in alliance with the nazis . 
  you calling estonians fighting against a foreign invader nazi collaborators shows how far into madness you have allowed yourself to be dragged . 
  butterflies and flowers have never stopped determined violence . 
  only defensive violence can stop the violence attacking you . 
  you being a female has nothing to do with it . 
  you conforming to the ( male chauvinism created ) stereotype of a brainless female who does not need to bother thinking about anything in the world and just talking about flowers and butterflies is the issue here . 
  you just refuse to think and enjoy playing a creature from other realm too alien to this world . 
  take a break from your heavenly nectar , smell an ukrainian flower and perhaps eat some ukrainian food . 
  maybe it will pull you closer to the reality on ukrainian ground ? 
  i am replying to your screenname here . 
  nothing to do with your particular message , but this is a response to all of your messages . 
  stop with your girly `` if only we had enough flowers to throw at their guns then everything would be solved '' bullshit .
