  it is the same stuff as 4 years ago . 
  just warmed up without any new information . 
  it is something that was done when david cameron was 16 years old , so not really connected to his position as a prime minister , and [ has already been covered in the papers 4 years ago ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2012/apr/20/cameron-family-tax-havens ) . 
  unless you believe that anyone in russia can get tanks , rocket launch systems and huge amounts of ammo just like that then it is clear these ` vacationers ' are there under direct orders from kremlin . 
  there is another question hiding here . 
  why is guardian so eager to publish all sorts of commie crap . 
  i do n't only mean this article here . 
  [ it was already in the news 4 years ago . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2012/apr/20/cameron-family-tax-havens ) it is sort of different from the cases of other heads of state as david cameron 's father set this fund up when david was 16 . 
  not exactly the same as if a man becomes a prime minister and then after that his relatives suddenly getting large sums into tax havens . 
  you do n't have to . 
  i was just facetious when i wrote it . 
  the fact remains that together with the support of poland/baltics etc. . . it happened that the britain now has an upper hand in eu votes . 
  unlike before . 
  britain should rule europe and now it can . 
  it is not any more of these frogs and krauts overruling everything so anything britain has left is obstruction . 
  europe has now included the dirty easterners and they 'd vote with britain . 
  pretty dumb to give it up now that you actually won . 
  what ? 
  i did n't post spam . 
  something is wrong . 
  i posted two articles approved by st. putin himself and they do n't appear here . 
  http://www.militarytimes.com/story/military/pentagon/2016/03/06/us-troops-nato-europe-russia-vladimir-putin/81323722/  the russian military currently maintains a force of about 22 maneuver warfare battalions in its `` western military district '' along nato 's border , according to the rand study . 
  i believe i gave you the honest account . 
  i only say this because a powerful russian media machine is constantly attacking you . 
  in my humble opinion a constant russian media attack is something that you should file under constant environmental hazard and concentrate on winning . 
  look at estonia for example . 
  a ravaged small country that after soviet rape was 50/50 between natives and hostiles and despite it all we still managed to win . 
  in some ways it is so much easier and in other ways harder for ukrainians , but you guys can win . 
  ukraine is a very large country . 
  you can force through what is right . 
  the result of the referendum is rather unimportant regarding a non existing nexit movement . 
  right now russian active measures services have successfully saddled dutch `` discontent about fucking things '' movement and are using it to hurt ukraine . 
  of course the no in the referendum would hurt ukraine 10 times more than it would advance the nexit people goals and that is why russia puts their heavy support behind it and while russian propaganda has not won it has a strong following among all discontents . 
  strong correlations in poll show that those who believe queen elizabeth ii is a reptile also believe ukraine is evil nazi devil nation . 
  by being an useful idiot in service of russia ? 
  there are no referendums or debates about eu association agreements with central america , andorra , azerbaijan , libya , etc. . . ( and there are more ) . 
  no one cares about these and no one knows the negotiations exist ... or the past where syria , lebanon , south africa and tunisia have already signed . 
  the public attention is on ukrainian association agreement only and only because russian formidable propaganda machine needs it . 
  cunts . 
  please deconstruct your post for the benefit of my education . 
  is n't it a generation thing ? 
  at least in estonia the phrase `` the moor has done his duty , the moor can go '' and the derivatives are uncommon for those under 40 or so , but the older people remember when it was quite common and said without any racism . 
  maybe it was paraphrased in some popular teleplay or movie that made it common here . 
  oil was hovering around $ 110 both at the time when obama made his famous `` 80s called and wants their foreign policy back '' and in the early 2014 when russia invaded ukraine . 
  considering that the operation did n't just come from the thin air it means that russia was preparing it during the time of $ 110 oil . 
  prove it . 
  post a link and quote a section from a nato rules that this is the case . 
  i do n't think schiller put any racialism into it . 
  this phrase in the play was to show disdain for how the nobility thinks of commoners . 
  kind of the same vibe as between the born-rich-and-powerful and others in the great gatsby if you have read it . 
  during the cold war there were over 250,000 us troops deployed in germany alone . 
  it was n't just the existence of nato that deterred soviet invasion . 
  these troops were n't placed there just for fun . 
  so you believe the usa kept over 250,000 troops in germany alone during the cold war just for fun and it really did n't make any difference ? 
  there is not a single rule that prevents nato from accepting ukraine should nato want to . 
  i believe it does not have racial connotations in polish and it is a really popular phrase there . 
  google searching suggested it is a popular phrase among the jews and germans also . 
  well , otherwise germany has no choice but to invade you as that is the natural course of events when a smaller country does n't do what a bigger one wants . 
  what did he actually say ? 
  for some reason i suspect it is connected to not the `` negro '' , but to `` the moor '' from schiller 's fiesco `` the moor has done his duty , the moor can go '' . 
  can anyone confirm or deny ? 
  do i understand correctly that in this section he urges dutch voters to vote yes on the referendum ? 
  google translate gives me according to the prime minister , russia will consider it a support of its own position as the netherlands rejects the treaty . 
  `` the desire of russia we should not reward . '', 
  do you think that the world is some simplistic computer game ? 
  russia has a stack of forces with a strength 21 million and spends his turn moving it into square `` estonia '' and then dices are rolled for odds on 21 v 0.0045 ? 
  i see that you desperately want to argue for the outcome that russia wants , but you are so terribly ignorant . 
  it was shitty journalism . 
  russia announced conscription of 150,000 men around the same time it announced that it is going to send forces to syria . 
  conscription is a regular occurrence in russia as this is how conscription works there . 
  dumb journalist read the announcement , did n't figure things out and put 2 and 2 together to built his silly speculation on top of it . 
  meanwhile russian manipulation machine combines false news , straight out fabrications with actors , fake bloggers and internet commentators and god knows what more - centrally coordinated to deliver their lie and manipulation . 
  what you are calling `` outright lie '' is just a crappy article in a british tabloid that ( maybe suspiciously ? ), 
  errs to the side that russia want to present itself as - `` russia is a badass that keeps west safe while western powers do nothing '' . 
  russian state controlled english language huge media machine is doing nothing else , but carrying out a coordinated lying and manipulation campaign . 
  i know internet is full of weird people , but you playing victim in the name of western germany for escaping the occupation and enslavement by the soviet union must be quite near the top of stupidity . 
  it is not 4,500 troops with nothing but their rifles . 
  the article also mentions 250 tanks among other things . 
  that is not something trivial . 
  that loan of $ 1m was n't the only thing trump got from his father . 
  he developed real estate with his fathers help , later ran the family business and inherited it after his father 's death . 
  you are reaching with this comparison . 
  this son of putin 's friend was appointed chief legal counsel for foreign economic activity at gazprom when he was still 20 and a student . 
  it is a class of his own . 
  but that guy must have been super talented . 
  at the age of 20 when he was still a student he was already good enough to be appointed chief legal counsel for foreign economic activity at gazprom . 
  russia certainly needed top talent leading their state monopolies and putin was lucky his friend had such a smart kid . 
  chicken farms ? 
  ukraine is not a poultry giant . 
  in 2014 their whole poultry export was only $ 276m worth ( $ 36.6 m to netherlands making it 4 % of netherlands poultry import ) . 
  i agree that there are probably more clever ways to fight against russian propaganda , but i am absolutely certain that it must be fought . 
  i do n't think that any of the ways you listed other than ` humiliate ' would work well either . 
  you must have read some other article . 
  eu also has an association agreement with syria from 2009 . 
   mep dennis de jong recently told euobserver it would be mostly multinational firms who would profit from the treaty , and not regular ukrainians . 
   `` i expect great unemployment , '' he said . 
   the left-wing mep also thinks that the agreement will `` pull that country apart '' , and criticised the eu and nato for `` surrounding '' russia . 
  so the socialist party is advocating for no because they just care so much about the well being of regular ukrainians . 
  ~ 30 % of latvia and more in riga area .
