  there is no war in estonia and life here should be an upgrade from `` certain death in war '' . 
  estonia took 150 . 
  hand picked `` refugee '' families . 
  at least 71 have already escaped estonia . 
  free flats and estonian level welfare is not good enough for them . 
  these people are welfare tourists not refugees . 
  he was certainly talking only about lithuanian clubs . 
  there are different dynamics at play there . 
  lithuanian players are fanatics and american/black players see playing there as a possibility to get noticed and picked up by richer league . 
  has to be something about the latvian government . 
  for example them throwing pensioners to streets to house these canadian rapists . 
  mount olympus, 
  their lives are in danger because they climbed on a boat and then sunk it themselves . 
  their lives would be just as much in danger if they doused themselves in gasoline , held a lighter and threaten to set themselves on fire unless taken to germany . 
  those fascists clearly do n't share european values and must be kicked out of the eu and nato . 
  germany 's `` solution '' might be just to fine you for every one who leaves the country and bring them back when caught otherwere in europe . 
  no human rights broken this way . 
  i guess germany wants to force you to keep them . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  you might have vaguely heard something about the suwalki gap , but remembered wrong and posted something totally unrelated instead . 
  rand study is based on how things were in 2015 . 
  it has gotten better by now . 
  each baltic state and poland has nato armor battalions deployed there now . 
  another example of how you guys are absolutely incapable of self reflection and taking responsibility . 
  your mentality shows the wisdom of these who knew russia is a threat . 
  they knew that sooner or later russia will come up with some bullshit , invade estonia and says it is america 's fault . 
  that is if estonia is not in nato . 
  west gave russia every benefit of doubt and was ready for good relations . 
  russia just does n't want this . 
  they want more land . 
   russia was n't posing a threat ( from the early 90s to the late 00s ) some people naively believed russia was n't posing a threat . 
  by now it is quite obvious that these people were wrong . 
  overwhelming majority of russians are ultra-nationalists . 
  i think if i were an ukrainian living in lviv i 'd just take a day trip to krakow . 
  it is just 326 km . 
  yeah ... it sucks . 
  it sends a message to would-be-traitors that even when you get caught then russians will just kidnap an estonian officer and exchange you for him . 
   russian are still holding abducted estonian citizen . 
  we got him back trading him against an imprisoned traitor who had been spying for russia . 
  i remember that there used to be one `` unbreakable union '' , that was supposed to be forever . 
  what exactly are you talking about ? 
  when was the last time nato had maneuvers with 100,000 troops at russian border ? 
  i am guessing never . 
  germany , norway , back home . 
  latvia also removed it . 
  that russian thing shows huge lack of self awareness . 
  the most recent thing was russia lashing out at latvia . 
  namely there were some russian advance troops killed by latvians in 1940 - the time when russians were still allied with nazi germany . 
  russia demanded that the monument for those invading latvia in 1940 must be preserved or else ... 
  you made a false claim , admitted your general ignorance and are now frantically scanning wikipedia do find something you can use to justify your pulled-out-of-ass beliefs . 
  your expertise in this matter is literally 5 minutes spent scanning the wikipedia and that `` expertise '' was gained after you made your claims . 
  estonia was sent 150 quota refugees so far . 
  they were given furnished apartments , welfare money and support persons . 
  that is more than estonia does for down on luck people like homeless here . 
  yet at least 71 of these have already left ( `` escaped '' ) estonia . 
  it is not too hard to `` escape '' of course as in the easiest case you 'd just buy a bus ticket to germany . 
  estonia and latvia were among the few most literate countries in the world at that time . 
  estonian literacy rate was 95 % in 1897 . 
  when you compare estonia to france or finland and the effect of ussr you should use the 1992 data as this was when the soviet occupation ended . 
   giving the refugees the chance to live at the country 's standards what do you mean by that ? 
  for example [ latvia had 96 % gdp per capita of france in 1938 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gylmcjo.png ), 
  how ungrateful . 
  it was nato core who liberated netherlands and got your bicycles back from them nazis . 
  you should worship the ground i walk on . 
  i believe i am nato here and i determine what is debt and what is not . 
  get ready for being hit by a cruise missile . 
  it is written in the article . 
  i know , but i wo n't tell you . 
  you have to click yourself . 
  well , the eu can then fine eastern europe . 
  already when the `` escaped '' refugees are caught in western europe the transportation back is at the cost of the host country . 
  at least 71 of the 150 quota refugees have `` escaped '' estonia already . 
  that sets pretty low bar for `` desperacy '' if getting free apartment , free money and support persons in peaceful estonia is not satisfactory . 
  300 billion for start , but it is much much more . 
  i have decided to roleplaying as nato here . 
  if german is not going to pay their nato debt then i am just going to take it by force . 
  nobody likes a deadbeat . 
  also if somebody says they disagree with me on something they should know that i have the military might of nato behind me . 
  that snarky comment might have just earned you a bullet in the head . 
  it is just budget . 
  greece has received money from many other sources plus had their debts forgiven . 
  shut up and pay the nato debt to trump . 
  does aitvaras mean anything in lithuanian . 
  in estonian the words literally means : ait - storage-house varas - thief, 
  i downvoted him for posting a huge collection of the same old bullshit that i just do n't bother with responding any more . 
  hey !, 
  i am not a kettle !, 
  sorry , but you did n't make points . 
  you are also absolutely ignorant about the issues and facts . 
  you just know that you have a side and that is why you throw out your ignorant fact free drivel . 
  by the time soviet union collapsed latvians and estonians were becoming minorites in their own countries . 
  just a decade more and it would have been the case . 
  no he is actually wrong and you are wrong . 
  simple . 
  just import 10 million of them . 
  then have a referendum and the join russia side will win . 
  after that you are russia forever . 
  even if broken clock is right twice a day you are wrong this time . 
  you 're absolutely ignorant about the issue and yet you still feel the need to write walls of hateful drivel . 
  if life supposedly sucks for someone they should get a citizenship .
