  ... another issue we brought up was discussed : making sure that nato 's military structures would not advance and that additional armed forces would not be deployed on the territory of the then-gdr after german reunification . 
  baker 's statement was made in that context ... everything that could have been and needed to be done to solidify that political obligation was done . 
  and fulfilled . '', 
  still reporting percentage gives better idea than just plain number . 
  that is 0.6 % . 
  methods used to arrive at that magical ppp number are flawed and for russia they are more flawed than in other places because russia is a petrostate . 
  that is not what i said . 
  i said as the ppp thingy as currently calculated it shows nonsense . 
  russian nominal gdp fell from $ 2.232 t in 2013 to $ 1.325 t in 2015 . 
  meanwhile the magical ppp showed a minuscule drop instead of the 40 % one in real money . 
  putin overplayed everyone again . 
  with new economic realities in russia the $ 100 a month textile workers job are moving there from malaysia . 
  russia is much stronger . 
  can this man ever stop checkmating all the time ? 
  in all honesty ppp multiplier as it is currently used is for making numbers larger so that people who like numbers to be larger can be happy . 
  your parents are right . 
  europe is a mess . 
  like finland . 
   we 're not a soviet union better take steps to keep it that way . 
  if you 're a scrawny wimp then wiggle out of it , but do n't argue against something that is obviously a right thing to do . 
  separate yourself from the logic of things . 
  it is a bit like seat belt law . 
  studies in estonia show that all men approve military service . 
  even the 18-19 year olds . 
  the exception here is that the 18-19 demographics approves generally , but do n't want to go right now because they just met this really cool girl and it is a special time in their lives and whatnot . 
  of course latvia should restore what the article calls compulsory military service . 
  what many people do n't realize is that it means compulsory military training for every young man . 
  general mobilization should russia invade is given , but worrying about defense is too late then . 
  you ca n't start the training when you are already being invaded . 
  i am sure there are theoretical anti-missile shields that would give first-strike capability , but that particular anti-missile shield does n't . 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  i do n't know what they do inside classrooms , but there is a really nifty system for parents where you log in an can check your kids grades , schedule , homework assignments , attendance and notes from the teachers . 
  of course kids can check all these things too . 
  what is the provocation here ? 
  you do n't need to suck putin off to get russians to visit greece . 
  they 're likely not to visit though as they became really poor after ruble crashed . 
  their [ average salary is $ 372 a month now ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) so a lot of russians are now looking for cheaper places for summer vacation . 
  same with your imagined prospects of exporting more there . 
  russians just do n't have the money . 
  their gdp took a huge hit dropping by ~ 35 % between 2014 and 2015 . 
  does n't have anything to do with romanian dice rolling in ww2 . 
  soviet union occupied what they could . 
  greek exports to russia are minuscule . 
  http://i.imgur.com/8ey8ews.png if you really want to suck up to someone for economic reasons then you have to pick turkey . 
  these things are not binary exist/doesn ' t exist . 
  the interesting quality is the scale of it and the impunity of the perpetrators . 
   some of the intellectual theft dissernet has identified is comic in its brazenness and absurdity . 
  duma member igor igoshin allegedly earned his economics degree by turning someone else 's paper on the russian chocolate industry into a thesis on meat ; the dissertation replaced every mention of `` chocolate '' with `` beef , '' `` dark chocolate '' with `` home-grown beef , '' and `` white chocolate '' with `` imported beef . '' all numbers , charts , and analysis were preserved in their original form . 
  more recently , dissernet revealed that an oncologist named yuri tsarapkin had handed in a medical article about breast cancer that was adapted -- data and all -- from someone else 's paper on stomach cancer . 
  that paper , which was presented as a study of human subjects , turned out to have been plagiarized from yet another source : a study of cancer in dogs and rats . 
  the language test is in fact really easy . 
  that sounds a bit stupid . 
  why is sending e-mails banned ? 
  i can understand banning calling , but if a person does not read e-mails after hours then these appearing in his inbox do not bother them . 
  some companies exist in several time zones so would that also mean that a person working in different time zone has to send their e-mails in odd hours so that they 'd pop in recipients e-mail box during his workday ? 
  russia lives on their oil and gas revenues . 
  they 'd collapse worse than venezuela without that money . 
  they are not the ones holding the power in that relationship . 
  so this means russia depends on eu for buying their oil and gas . 
  reminds me a scene from the got where ramsey made theon to shave him . 
  i somewhat agree with both you and / u/occupythekremlin . 
  russians are knowingly lying in reddit and other places , but russian propaganda media plays a role in this also . 
  it works hard to convince them that the whole world is against them and that is why it is okay to lie because everything is a lie anyway and they have to pick patriotic lies . 
  it is really annoying to discuss anything with russians on reddit when you see that they are knowingly lying . 
  long messages in good grammar and polite tone and you can see the persons writing them know themselves they are writing lies . 
  sentenced by us for smuggling drugs . 
  now he hates the usa so much that he puts on a red star commie hat and goes to make propaganda videos for russians as one of the tv soldiers . 
  latvia does not need russian immigrants who want to build `` proper russia '' in latvia . 
  your anecdotal evidence is pitting those worst in latvia ( as measured by political correctness competition ) against the best of moscow in being able to utter the acceptable speech . 
  you are skewed . 
  perhaps you should unskew yourself and in the future base your posts about reality on the ugly realities and not what you wish them to be . 
  more than 5000 russian citizens got their first latvian permanent residence permit in 2014 . 
  it is a pretty large number considering the scale . 
  not true . 
  there is a thing of `` we build a better russian empire and without putin in riga '' . 
  `` language of the dogs '' is a real meme from at least the 80s . 
  this is what russians used to shout at us when we spoke estonian . 
  among the shouts that speaking estonian is fascist and estonians are fascists . 
  it is a real thing even now . 
  it is even the crux of the situation . 
  those russians forming the activist committe of complaining about supposed oppression are really fighting for the return of time when the immigrants were the master race . 
   laziness and stubbornness i do n't think it is mostly that . 
  i know the statistics from estonia and here most of the recent russian immigrants are not undetermined citizens . 
  for those who still are it is either that they enjoy the benefits of it ( no conscription and visa free to both russia and eu ) or they have this ideological glitch . 
  they feel undignified to learn the language of the aboriginal dogs of the land their grandpas conquered . 
  you wo n't find educated people complain about the `` language of the dogs '' . 
  it is people whose russian vocabulary is around 100 words ( or 40 words plus variations of mat ) and they believe it is enough . 
  they can get citizenship very easily . 
  they just do n't want to . 
  the article is about the residence permit that rich russians from russia buy through misguided latvian law . 
  after they have gotten that they have to live in latvia for 7 years and then they can get the citizenship . 
  these rich russian people are swarming into latvia , paying huge amounts of money and after seven years of living in latvia they 'll have the privileges of these `` oppressed latvian russians '' . 
  i do n't want estonian nation to die . 
  things are happening quickly in the modern world so the avangard hooked on novelty can do a lot of damage that can be irreversible by the time the effects of the policy are seen . 
  if you ask around among the older folks you 'll find that while there are certainly plenty of russians who do n't approve the idiocy of putin 's or other czars rule , but when you are going to seek the anti-imperialist russians it is going to be slim pickings . 
  people you thought intelligent will go full-retard then . 
  unsatisfied russians are moving to latvia because they think they 'll build a proper russia there . 
  one without putin . 
  in their view the independence of latvia and self determination of latvian people was anyway a pipe dream .
