  to get a better gauge on economy you should look at the average salary of these regions . 
  nobody harassed or discriminated them . 
  these people are not poor refugees escaping death . 
  they are people looking for better life in rich germany . 
  non-rich countries are no good for them . 
  it differs a lot between the countries what `` reserve personnel '' means . 
  seems like portugal has chosen a rather wide definition and latvia a rather narrow one . 
  it is true that latvian defense forces are not in very good shape , but neither are portuguese . 
  if you go plainly by data from globalfirepower then portugal boasts a 211k active reserve personnel , but that does n't mean the same thing as for example american 1100k reserve personnel . 
  he just posts in big subreddits . 
  like right now i see his submitted article in worldnews with 60.2 k upvotes 20 hours ago . 
  wikipedia says portugal has 33k in active service . 
  latvia has 12,600 active service . 
  when interpolating this then portugal-sized latvia would have 60,800 . 
  if you have been here for a while then you know ghaleon1 is not posting what he thinks . 
  he is just shitposting to advance russian agenda . 
  wedge before western and eastern europe and denigration of the east is what he is after . 
  you do n't need to be hostile toward the uk just because some uk commie is shitposting . 
  cynical nonsense . 
  gorbachev is expressing his worry about some impersonal entities he calls the world states spending on military instead of funding people 's social needs and the harsh language of the tv pundits . 
  all this talk without mentioning or even recognizing the reality where russia has invaded ukraine and killed at least 10 000 people . 
  them too !, 
  it is only the difference between gross payments and net payments . 
  what is involved is all kinds of tax exceptions though . 
  you could maybe get an idea of what it is if you went to the original rosstat reports . 
  so you want to learn more about it and are asking for pointers to start . 
  kind of tired now , but maybe i post something later . 
  should n't really be hard to get started studying it if you are paying attention though . 
  plenty of information in the web if you are looking to learn about how russian propaganda machine works . 
  if you are challenging my claims to be false then say so . 
  it can happen when new taxes are introduced or also when the effective rate actually are n't flat fixed . 
  i.e if you had a tax free allowance of say the first 1000 rubles . 
  now ruble lost its relative value , that was compensated by the salary getting bigger in nominal numbers , but the tax-free allowance still stayed at 1000 rubles . 
  close . 
  in fact i was actually acting out the answer to your question `` i do n't know what you keep whining about '' you asked from randiathrowaway17 . 
   we 're misunderstanding each other here . 
   there is no controversy about it i beg to differ . 
  there seems to be controversy in the forum discussing this . 
  people are saying things are not as simple as they seem . 
  that means i can ignore your news if i want to until these things are figured out . 
  why do you ask ? 
  is it meant to imply that you do n't believe me or do you say that it is a new information to you and you 'd change your mind accordingly ( if it were true ) . 
  if later and for the sake of argument true , then how would you change your mind ? 
  well , that means there is controversy about your post . 
  you might say that russian real disposable income has been falling , but if i do n't like to hear that i can say it is controversial and things are not as easy as they seem in the first glance . 
  i think russia has a tremendous hostile disinformation machine and i would want this countered . 
  countering this complex machine would take many steps like researching and exposing russian fake organizations and their propagandists and i do n't know what else . 
  i do n't think russian disinformation machine should be ignored . 
  for example russia is setting up organizations with fancy names like `` european foundation for peace , love and human rights '' . 
  then these organizations help to facilitate russian lies and propaganda helping to obfuscate the source and lending the credible sounding of their name . 
  exposing just one russian such fake organization would be a step in countering their machine and i am all for it . 
  you seem to be confused by the term disposable income . 
  it just means income after taxes . 
  i know it might sound to mean something different like `` income after rent and food '' , but it is not that . 
  a lot of people just look at it like `` i liked brexit . 
  yay for their machine ! '', 
  that of course includes crucified babies in ukraine , nazis in baltics , cia shooting down mh17 and all that . 
  google deciding to cut off fake sites from their money is not government giving out speech licenses . 
  social media platforms are constantly gamed with stuff like bots . 
  it is natural they do things to protect themselves . 
  so google should n't have stopped funding sites that just make up things ? 
  sites like the one in my above example . 
  there are only two things there : real income - gross income adjusted for inflation ( +0.6 % ) real disposable income - net income adjusted for inflation ( -5.9 % ), 
   nothing against calling them out but i do not like when these posts get shut down/censored ( goggle just stripped away advertising rights from a lot of `` fake news '' sites just recently ) nothing wrong with google stopping the funding of fake news . 
  it is a good thing . 
  people making up stuff and making a lot of money from that on top was a bad thing and google has no obligation to help them . 
   what stops them from going further ? 
  you ca n't just apply slippery slope everywhere . 
  `` the police is arresting criminals . 
  what stops them from going further and arrest innocent people . '', 
   `` lies '' ( which are just distortions of the narrative to fit their own agenda-something that everybody does ) there are straight up lies being pushed . 
  [ here is a story of a guy earning $ 22,000 with just spending few hours of fabricating news . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/18/us/fake-news-hillary-clinton-cameron-harris.html?_r=0 ) that is the kind of site that google has now cut out from their add-payout flow . 
  what do you have against calling out liars ? 
  seems to me you want to let their lies and panic creation to go unhindered and you just added some empty bit about investing in education across the board . 
  these are different things . 
  yelling `` fire ! '', 
  in a crowded theater might cause a stampede and across the board education would help little with that . 
  you are trying to misrepresent what happened here . 
  russian propaganda machine made up a lie in a little web site in donetsk and then propagated it through their network while obscuring and hiding the source . 
  it reached russian mainstream media and western `` alternative media '' . 
  that is just one example of thousands . 
  of course no instance of these propaganda operations fools everyone , but each of these fools someone and it creates a general atmosphere of misinformation . 
  a lot of people do n't even bother to read it to see it false . 
  they just pass by and see the headline `` 3000 us tanks in eastern europe warmongering against russia '' in their facebook feed . 
  of course sane people do n't look for information there . 
  that is why the russian fake news machine propagates this fake news into all their other outlets masking the source and hoping more and more places not under their control or influence will also pick this up . 
   i 'm not one of the people who blame everything on the russians strange disclaimer . 
  putin overplayed you again !, 
  russian elections are a sham . 
  there is nothing to influence . 
  plenty of these stories . 
  [ here is a walkthrough of russian false news campaign about 3000 + american tanks coming to europe to warmonger against russia ] ( https://medium.com/@dfrlab/three-thousand-fake-tanks-575410c4f64d#.xnjaq3vg9 ) . 
  ( it was really 87 tanks to reinforce eastern europe ) . 
  what is fake romania ? 
  it is much more than just a poll where random people are asked to assess corruption from 1 to 100 . http://files.transparency.org/content/download/2058/13244/file/cpi_2016_faqs_en.pdf, 
   invading a country that wants to use another currency for oil trading conspiracy theorist nonsense . 
  you are talking about might have beens . 
  in reality soviets actually did carry out their campaign of mass murder , deportation and ethnic cleaning . 
   `` we will be very active when it comes to strengthening the external borders of the european union , '' szyd\u0142o told reporters after her meeting with slovenian prime minister miro cerar .
