  ussr was always shit and destroying estonia would n't have made it any better . 
  that is exactly when it was . 
  red army was against estonian independence and white army was against estonian independence , but they also fought against each other and against estonia . 
  german landeswehr army fought against estonia wanting our land to go to germany . 
  there were 4000 finnish volunteers and uk had a ship on the baltic sea . 
  brits did n't fight , but they trained estonian army . 
  that lists everyone involved . 
  these few latvian riflemen i counted as small part of the red army . 
  i wo n't follow you into your parallel universe . 
  i am sure you must know yourself that you are lying . 
  they 'll have the food anyway regardless of whether they complain or not . 
  spouting stupid opinions does not cost them anything . 
  germans were involved , but they were fighting against estonia and latvia . 
  we saw in 1968 how on their own checoslovakia was . 
  add together the non stan countries and the number is still above the number of russians . 
  not like tibet vs china at all . 
  it was big enough to send many tens of thousands against estonia along with these few fearsome latvians . 
  all were beaten and now you say small estonia beat these few latvians and many russians easily , but huge russia had no choice but to succumb . 
  so what do you even suggest ? 
  `` it was bad for the nazis to slaughter jews , but the transfer to non slaughtering should have been gradual '' . 
  and see now here . 
  soviet union collapsed . 
  it estonia is free to recover from the damage of soviet occupation . 
  cry your eyes out if you do n't like it , but do n't bullshit me about occupation , russification and ethnic cleaning by the soviet forces not being `` artificial '' . 
  the russian occupation and mass immigration of russians was anything but natural . 
  it was due to thr huge soviet and army conquering these countries and setting out to wipe out the inhabitants . 
  but what do you want ? 
  offering east germany to remain under moscow so russians would n't feel so bad ? 
  do n't think about offering my country as a consolidation price for them !, 
  the jokes about armenians and georgians and such being very rich are based on reality . 
  stupid distortions in soviet system just worked like that . 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania , ukraine , poland , hungary , slovakia , east germany and many many more . 
  over 100 million people . 
  altogether more than there were russians . 
  why did n't moldova turn to west ? 
  was there much russian pressure . 
  i know that we in estonia are lucky as the russian invasion like in transnistria was a huge possibility , that we luckily avoided . 
   who is bitching about the 90s ? 
  really ? 
  the good old `` speak human !, 
  russia did n't reform much even after the collapse of the ussr . 
  i doubt that giving estonia to be under their slavery would have made them enact more reforms . 
  free estonia on the other hand reformed quickly . 
  perhaps this is in line with what you seem to propose . 
  divide the monstrosity into smaller pieces so at least some are able to fix themselves . 
  it is my judgement based on your constant bitching about muh 90s . 
  that is why i believe giving russia some sanctions will make you people very tame and not interested at all in invading your neighbors . 
  are you sure the s was for socialist ? 
  i have n't really looked it up , but it always seemed more natural to think the s stands for shitty . 
  gaidar 's book is full of hard data . 
  numbers , that disprove the myths . 
  of course it is more soothing to ignore the reality , stay with myths and dismissing gaidar 's numbers as they show something you do n't want to see . 
  look at the scale of china vs tibet and russians vs all the enslaved nation 's . 
  you are equating a mountain with a molehill . 
  i do n't remember any of this . 
  i remember there was some incident with a grenade at the place on the walkway between rahvusraamatukogu and freedom square , but the only thing i felt uneasy about was getting in to a fight with some kickboxing dudes . 
  even these fights in crowded places were mostly between different tough guys . 
  getting caught on a street was of course a different matter , but that just meant you better take a taxi home and do n't just walk as you can safely do now . 
  baltic countries got rid of the rouble and reformed . 
  russia just hung in there and tried `` slow transformation '' . 
  it was a violent time , but the mob violence was mostly metal shippers killing each other . 
  for other people it was just mostly having to be careful when you go partying at nights as there were much more fighting than now . 
  there was also much more fighting in the 80s . 
  countries escaping moscow 's slavery were very happy way before joining the eu . 
  forcing occupied countries under moscow 's rule was exactly and almost solely what this `` union '' was . 
  if some dumb people claim that it was about communism , then russia could have very well stayed communist ( although of course it would n't have brought anything better ) ... just without the enslaved countries . 
  someone born and grown up in prison might have a hard time adjusting to freedom . 
  plus nostalgia of course . 
  moldova remained under russian influence and did n't reform . 
  that is the cause of their sorry state . 
  had estonia remained in similar state we 'd be shitty too . 
  china started their reforms already in the 70s . 
  it also was n't an empire enslaving many other countries . 
  i am answering to the claim  soviet countries have only reached 1990 levels again just a few years ago . 
  by the way that is also what soviet statistics show . 
  you should n't believe these of course as they are garbage . 
  hard to give you a benefit of doubt as i am quite sure this image you try to use to misleading has been explained to you many many times . 
  you just keep spamming this lie maybe hoping to catch someone uninformed or teaching a new lie to some western commie kid . 
  estonia finally gaining freedom is not taking an eye out of russia 's head . 
  90 % of estonian economy was ran from moscow . 
  extremely slow , inflexible and uninformed decision making process . 
  soviet statistics are worthless and this `` decent standard of living '' is a pure lie . 
  have a look how the grocery store looked in 1990 - a year that the countries caught up few years ago according to your claims . 
  at least in estonia the 90s were n't that horrible at all . 
  i heavily doubt it was that much worse in russia . 
  russia just has heavy propaganda and the general mentality of `` we were victims of evil west '' . 
  it is overplayed heavily by the current kremlin propaganda . 
  horrible 90s and the savior putin . 
   over the economic well being of 100 million that economic well being is not even proven . 
  it is a dream . 
  what russians do miss for sure is that they were rulers of a huge empire and are not any more . 
  they miss the enslaved nations under their boot . 
   maybe it was illusionary it was obviously illusionary . 
  people construct their own false memory and miss that not the shitty reality of that time . 
  if i had to guess then i 'd say the relative position compared to others . 
  armenia is warm enough country that they can grow stuff like oranges etc. . . 
  in the weirdness of soviet economy you could take a suitcase of oranges on a plane from armenia to moscow , sell them , live in a hotel and fly back and make profit . 
  true . 
  but you are arguing in a way that compares unrealistic dreams against the messy reality . 
  real world will always lose against the made up dream world .
