  isis is 90 % great people as you see these things . 
  you seeing it that way does not help the victims . 
  just grow up , dude !, 
  you are calling my `` attitude of not wanting people killed like russians do '' as bad as their attitude of `` kill them because we are god 's chosen people to rule the world '' . 
   telling russian people they are scum is not going to win them , it only increase their hate . 
  that is what putin wants . 
  but russian people are scum . 
  every bow you make toward them makes them scummier . 
  they see it as having slapped the western bitch into proper behavior . 
  russian 's are simpler people than you think . 
  your humanitarian bows are seen as weakness to be taken advantage of . 
  the only reason they would change their aggressive ways would be if their aggressions ( that have gone unpunished by now ) would meet some retribution . 
  i believe you mean well , but are too much in your ivory tower . 
  should you walk a bit among the scum of the earth you 'd learn what works with them and what does n't . 
  appeasement does n't . 
   feeding into the russia vs the world narrative benefits putin . 
  giving russia every benefit of the doubt and closing your eyes to every hostile move they make leaving it without response and only with appeasement benefits russia ( or putin as you see it ) . 
  the `` reality '' of what russians see is solely defined by their state controlled tv . 
  actions of the world have no influence there as the tv can say and sell whatever the kremlin orders . 
  not only that . 
  there must be a massive amount of paid posters who spread isisophobia as it is obviously impossible that people judge by the actions and are not paid propagandists . 
  please let go of your `` bad putin good russians '' pipe dream . 
  what that guy wrote is how 90 % of the russians think . 
  people finally free from soviet yoke do n't want anything to do with your russian world . 
  it is you russians who insist that they are stupid , probably insane as well , and must be invaded and beaten enough so they start to love moscow . 
  all this for their own sake of course . 
  when you see putin in tv then he is lying . 
  when you see him in international tv he is lying even more boldly . 
  you are impressed that he says things you like , but that just means you are impressed by his lying and perhaps do n't know enough facts to call him out on that . 
  in the movie `` mars attacks '' the martians came with a nice message - `` we come in peace '' . 
  they blasted this from the loudspeakers while slaughtering humans with their sci-fi laser rifles . 
  nothing against this message , but you also have to look at the actions . 
  what is the point for isis to attempt building a worldwide caliphate ? 
  russians are pretty similar in mentality . 
  they believe it is their holy right to rule the world ( and the reason they do n't yet is because of russophobia ) and they have been conquering it little by little with some setbacks . 
  `` all '' and 90 % is pretty much the same in casual conversation . 
   no i 'm russian . 
  you just like to have german sounding name and world flag so the russian propaganda you constantly spout seems to come from a german person . 
   every country russia has already invaded was rightful russian land and invasion was natural . 
  every country that russia has n't yet invaded must dismantle their defense as russia is absolutely no danger . 
  no one informed is buying your bullshit . 
  i am not sure even russians believe this bullshit . 
  they just like the lie . 
  here is a video of your putin saying in 2008 that a danger of russia ever invading ukraine is russophobic nonsense , because russia does n't have any territorial complains against ukraine . 
   the thing is russians arent bad at all . 
  the leaders of russia are . 
  not true . 
  vast majority of russians are `` bad '' . 
  they cheer things like invading ukraine and killing ukrainians . 
  there was a `` tripfire force '' of dutch in srebrenica . 
  serbs were gracious enough to offer them a safe passage away only demanding that they shed their military clothes , so the dutchies walked in their underwear , seeing how on the right were the men and boys of the camp they were supposed to secure being massacred and on the left there were the women and girls being raped . 
  we ca n't have a successful strategy that would work even if our allies betray us . 
  baltics withstanding a large scale russian invasion alone is not realistic now or in the foreseeable future . 
  we just have to admit that if we are betrayed by our allies then we lose . 
  if estonia is betrayed by the allies then it would n't include any nuking or even killing foreign soldiers . 
  they 'll just be allowed a passage back home and we 'd be left on our own . 
  perhaps it means that stuff like russia insider and sputnik are targeted at absolute retards , who believe anything , but rt tries to make their lies smoother and thus ca n't make such far out claims as the others . 
  so hitler was n't a bad guy ? 
  i have a hard time following what you actually want to say . 
  so you think that when soviets went on their murder mayhem without particularly targeting the jews and still managed to kill almost as much as the nazis as a good point ? 
  deportation to gulag in 1941 was the same as killing . 
  90 % of the deportees died within the two years . 
  you are stuffed full of soviet propaganda . 
  maybe you should read these articles you post yourself and learn something . 
  i am quite sure you are very misinformed . 
  i do n't see why you are whining about a perfectly sensible solution - sending them back to russia . 
  instead you start your faggotry of `` russia good boy din du nuffing . 
  west bad always hurt mother russia . 
  kill contrarevolution and praise stalin '' . 
  never !, 
  uncover !, 
  sea borders with africa are not guarded for some reason and immigrants are even being ferried in , but countries bordering russia do guard them . 
  what are you trying to say here ? 
  i suppose . 
  this 2007 was just a ddos anyway . 
  minor inconvenience . 
  even a serious cyber attacks would be inconvenience compared to the tanks and artillery smashing everything . 
  it did n't cause shit . 
  you are just talking out of ignorance here . 
  we are preparing for both , but one is very much unlike the other . 
  saying that russian invasion wo n't happen ( so you better be defenseless against it ) is calling for it to happen . 
  our largest threat is a large scale russian attack with tanks , artillery and planes . 
  cyberattacks is nothing . 
  at least in estonia we are fine with the small arms and have been for quite a while . 
  that is cheap and easy stuff , but the larger weapons are very expensive and we have to compromise between our needs and what we can afford . 
  in 1981-1985 there were on average 92 murders a year so still ~ 3 times more than in 2016 . 
  soviet occupation of estonia killed ~ 500 jews during their first year . 
  then the nazis came and killed ~ 900 jews and declared estonia judenfrei . 
  independent estonia before the invasion of soviet and nazi monsters did n't kill anybody . 
  you know this plan sounds a bit unrealistic and god knows what would have actually happened . 
  same thing as we do n't know what stalin might have planned and what would have happened if he had n't died . 
  we do know however what actually happened . 
  you prefer to be wrong then . 
  peace has been a normal state of affairs in europe for several generations . 
  so normal that you take it for granted and forget that it is nato alliance and the military capabilities of the nations , that have ensured that peace . 
  their broomsticks look worn . 
  time to get new ones . 
  europe has largely been under-spending . 
  that is why the call to increase the budgets . 
  usa might not subsidize our countries with the defense forever .
