  that is what makes the propaganda attacks dangerous . 
  the possible thread is comparable to giving a free reign to isis agitators in cities like brussels . 
  there is more to it . 
  the famous example about how yelling `` fire ! '', 
  in a crowded theater as a prank to cause panic is not free expression and can have dire consequences as people might die in stampede . 
  when looking strictly at only mass media then russia is pretty totalitarian . 
  would you also be fine with isis propaganda and agitation services operating in brussels with impunity ? 
  it would seem so by the logic of `` freedom of the press is not limited to only the media you consider to be non-garbage '' , but i suspect you would not be fine with that in the real world . 
  so lets take it so far into abstractness that nothing of the real world situation remains and judge it then ? 
  after the reduction you should not be able to tell if we talk about closing sputniknews in latvia , a hypothetical isis propaganda outlet calling for bloodshed in brussels or cnn . 
  is this a pr announcement ? 
  kind of non-informative article as it does not give any context . 
  i try to derive context from estonian numbers . 
  estonia sold 21064 new cars last year . 
  population of estonia is 7.6 times smaller than hungary . 
  by directly interpolating then 400 cars in 3 months should be 400 * 4/21064/7 .6 * 100 ~ = 1 % . 
  a title `` lada having ~ 1 % of market share among new cars '' would sound much less impressive . 
  this is what dugin wants for the usa  russia should use its special forces within the borders of the united states to fuel instability and separatism . 
  for instance , provoke `` afro-american racists '' . 
  russia should `` introduce geopolitical disorder into internal american activity , encouraging all kinds of separatism and ethnic , social and racial conflicts , actively supporting all dissident movements -- extremist , racist , and sectarian groups , thus destabilizing internal political processes in the u.s. 
  it would also make sense simultaneously to support isolationist tendencies in american politics . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics perhaps dugin sees trump to be the one most likely to deliver it . 
  europe has just too much freedom to react to these things . 
  exactly . 
  and this is how it is practically untraceable . 
  so what ? 
  they 'll just know the rough area the sim was in at the time it sent out the mass message . 
  san francisco is a gun free zone . 
  perhaps this was what emboldened the knife wielding criminals . 
  in the video i posted there is more than four minutes explaining what western europe `` did wrong and why it deserves to be beheaded '' . 
  not according to me , but according to the beheaders and that is what matters here . 
  belgium and france brought it upon themselves for not being quick enough to submit to sharia . 
  they deal with much greater terror threat all the time and are constantly barraged with criticism from people making those #callbrussels advertising campaigns . 
  he just looks at the world in a way that muslim powers ( he chooses ) can do nothing wrong and all the westerners are guilty of everything . 
  in the 80s he wrote articles praising bin-laden . 
  you can see screenshots of these articles posted in reddit even today ` proving ' that british government was behind him even so it was the same robert fisk . 
  author : robert fisk explains a lot . 
  i think topics with only few voters are easily overwhelmed by a dedicated group . 
  this same article is also linked in / r/russia . 
  when enough of users from there click `` other discussions '' tab to come here their votes will easily overwhelm others . 
  i googled some lines from your list and it seems to be general help not tied to association agreement . 
  also you say countries with association agreement can ask anything and are always provided . 
  this is certainly not true . 
  even syria has an association agreement with the eu ffs . 
  can you quote how much these funds coming from the association agreement are ? 
  i doubt they are significant . 
  as for the visa free movement - it is visa free movement for tourists . 
  it does not allow ukrainians to take jobs in the eu . 
  romania signed the association agreement in 1993 and only got labor movement in 2014 . 
  so many russians being stalin worshipers is quite relevant to the safety of baltics . 
  one often hears `` do n't be paranoid about russia . 
  stalin has been dead for over 60 years '' , but knowing that kind of information shows that it is not paranoia , but a healthy concern . 
  veteranstoday.com is a conspiracy site of jews did 9/11 and holocaust never happened variety . 
  i think it is as juncker said and will take some 15-20 years ( juncker guessed 20 ) for ukraine to become a member of the eu and that is if they stay on reform course . 
  that security pass is canceled of course . 
  owen jones is a dirty commie , but please do n't leave . 
  britain is one of the very best european countries and eu would absolutely suck without you . 
  there are enough votes to fix the eu , but only if you stick around to vote . 
   and yet they live because it is difficult to kill men held in custody and closely protected . 
  i find it silly that you pretend to not see it . 
  why is aidar a bad bunch ? 
  i think they are a very good bunch . 
  for all their efforts russian propaganda services have only managed to come up with one of aidar vans having 1488 painted on it at smallish script . 
  if i were fighting an overwhelmingly large enemy and someone gave me a van to help then looking for 1488-s on it would be the last thing on my mind . 
  what is wrong with you , brad ? 
  what is your major malfunction that prevents you for seeing what is what . 
  ukraine is not a saint , but two russian spetsnaz operatives captured in ukraine is not something that calls for let 's - meet-in-the-middle and maybe they were only half spetsnaz . 
  please be man enough and throw away whatever your grievance is and support the actual people being murdered right now . 
  you might think that usa is immoral and whatnot , but there are other ways to tackle this rather than empowering russians on their road of conquest and subjugation . 
  to add ... look at the things those brigading this thread want you to believe . 
  `` while they had been soldiers of russian special forces they got tired of military life , resigned and just went to a vacation into eastern ukrainian war zone '' . 
  that kind of propaganda does n't think very highly about the intelligence of its targets . 
  what is the point of your post ? 
  i said that putting the tass.ru article talking about ` detained russian citizens ' without mentioning that they were special forces soldiers into reddit queue before other articles get there was a tactical step . 
  there are many facts behind my thoughts . 
  the two men confessed being 3rd guard battalion of spetsnaz for example . 
  they described the other people being involved in the operation and all that time they have had free access from human rights organizations and un to rule out the cases of script under torture and whatnot . 
  my speculation is that russia has most to lose in the soldiers feeling betrayed by their motherland spilling the beans . 
  i do n't think anyone honest should really push the view that russian army is not in the war in east ukraine . 
  whoever says that is clearly knowingly lying . 
   please provide us with 1 ( one ) example of tass intentionally providing incorrect information this article . 
  there is a thing called lying by omission . 
  the men in trial are members of spetsnaz - special forces of russian military ( although russian sources likely claim they resigned a day before and were in ukraine just for vacation ) . 
  no one really believes that bullshit . 
  even you do n't believe it . 
  you are just pushing the russian lies as you believe this is what good russians must do . 
  they are cooperating with ukrainian authorities . 
  they have admitted that they are members of special forces . 
  it is clear that they are thinking about their future and feel russia has betrayed them . 
  a good lawyer can help them to prove they are soldiers and not just `` vacationers '' as russia claims . 
  this is something that russia does not want . 
  lawyers are usually very smart people . 
  when they put their minds to it they create valuable thoughts . 
  right now the best case for these soldiers seems to be proving that they were soldiers acting under orders . 
  killing as a soldier under orders is different than killing and being subjected to non-war laws . 
  they are doing that . 
  they have already confessed and given enough information to verify that they are spetsnaz and were under orders . 
  russia on the other hand is denying that , so they do n't get the prisoner of war treatment , but are instead tried under criminal law . 
  i think it is a tactical post . 
  get an lying article from tass.ru in before somebody posts from a proper news source that does not slant to russian propaganda .
