  not really true . 
  they know it is a symbol of russian imperialism and they like to have the false story about it merely being ww2 life loss thing . 
  it is similar to claiming swastika is a buddhist symbol . 
  slovenia has over 10 % of recent russian immigrants who often choose to live in russian info sphere ? 
  estonia has a large group of ** very recent ** immigrants , who are very different . 
  give sweden a few million new middle eastern immigrants and then do studies showing that `` swedes '' prefer death to apostates in record numbers and ask what is wrong with the vikings . 
  wrong . 
  we can set up things in a way that any of these `` rescued '' in sea will not get to go to europe , but to our refugee camp in ... say nigeria and be in the back of the line for real refugee application . 
  that will stop the rubber boats from coming as these people are not looking for safety . 
  they want germoney . 
  and if there are real people fleeing from horror , then a refugee processing camp in nigeria is surely better than the supposed `` certain death '' they 're escaping . 
  children born today in your country are n't going to be influenced so much by the fertility rate . 
  their catastrophe and challenge is much harder . 
   we wo n't be able to stop them first thing you should do is to come back to the reals from the feels . 
  we 're able to stop them . 
  we have the technology and that is able to stop 10x more . 
  just need the will . 
  how come ? 
  united europe taking protection seriously ... especially when allied with the usa would be a great force . 
  that 's not the end of the world , is it ? 
  we just need to concentrate on building a huge wall around europe to protect ourselves from the hordes . 
  even if current short term birth shortage means that swedes have to adjust to the living standard of upper class estonians for few decades it is not the end of the world . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  where the development happens does matter . 
  skype having headquarters registered in luxembourg when almost no work happened there and almost all work happening in estonia did n't make skype a luxembourgian company . 
  but i argue that even with that kind of counting russian it is nothing special . 
  i remember the peculiarity of older russians being more accepting than younger from some study when the topic was hot , but ca n't find it now . 
  you liberal scumbag dare to doubt the words of putin . 
  it was putin himself , who said that russia has no territorial claims toward ukraine and anyone saying otherwise is a russophobic provocator and panic creator . 
  that is what you are . 
  russophobe and a liberal traitor dog !, 
  proofs : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uomukddilcs, 
  young estonian people are quite relaxed about it . 
  young russian people are under the influence of the russian tv . 
  please remember that criminalization of homosexuality came due to the soviet occupation . 
  the companies you named are still small time . 
  you just do n't know about the industry . 
  abbyy 's finances are not easily available , but let 's purely go by the number of employees . 
  sap has the number of employees worth ~ 70 companies like abbyy . 
  so to get on the level comparison just against sap vs russia you 'd need to name 69 more companies like the one you came up with in your attempt to brag . 
  opinion polls in estonia showed that young russians here are more unaccepting than old russians . 
  reverse for estonians . 
  unlike young estonians vs old the young russians here are more unaccepting of homosexuality than older russians . 
  you had to name abbyy , that is a relatively small company . 
  their website says they have 1250 employees . 
  compare that to a german company sap , that has over 84 thousand employees . 
  russians gathering around the bronze soldier in tallinn held signs like `` stalin did n't finish the job as estonians are still alive '' . 
  you might say that these are few extremist , but the important part is that they were n't driven away by other russians there . 
  this did n't happen 70 years ago . 
  it was quite recent . 
  i generally agree with you , but it should n't be forgotten , that walter duranty also has a pulitzer prize . 
  good news everyone !, 
  russia developed a new bomb . 
  it has no analogs in the west !, 
  you really do n't remember the shitstorm about a year ago that concluded with removing some of the over zealous mods ? 
  i do n't know if you are a `` rooster '' , but you 're extremely naive if you believe anyone is buying your russian propaganda crowing . 
  you can just go `` law and legal precedents are what they are '' for any system including north korea , but that does n't in any way disprove the mechanism i described - russian law and legal precedents allow imprisonment of anyone for any small thing should the court decide so . 
  the laws are stupid and wide and almost never enforced , but they can if the system wants to fuck someone up . 
  sometimes it is demonstrated to people so they 'd know to be afraid . 
  soviet symbols are not banned in estonia , btw . 
  russian immigrants also like to wave them around . 
  there were mass bannings and post deletions and a huge moderating shitstorm . 
   this whole putin turning russia into stalinism is getting absurd . 
  the oppression mechanism i described was not stalinism , but ussr in the 70s and 80s . 
  the time that putin feels nostalgic for and the time he used to work in the kgb , so he is well familiar with the system . 
   people get prosecuted for stupid shit everywhere else in the world , including eu and us things in the level of russia is definitely not how things work in the eu and us . 
  i still do n't remember this sentiment in 2015 from places like german real world . 
  it was all `` refugees welcome '' and `` there is no limit on how many we can receive '' . 
   welcome to the discussion from two years ago i do n't remember this discussion being there two years ago . 
  i remember anyone suggesting not letting them in a year ago deemed nazi and banned from / r/europe . 
  there is a video of this in the article and you can see he was n't bothering anyone . 
  people only found out he had been playing pokemon go in church after he posted a video of it . 
  what russia is doing is building an atmosphere where everyone can be arrested and jailed for ridiculous reasons . 
  that is done in order to keep people in fear . 
  if you 're out of jail only because czar putin is merciful then you wo n't do anything he disapproves . 
  per capita is the data to use in that context . 
  i responded to a post talking about countries being on `` western level '' . 
  `` the cambridge economic history of modern europe : volume 2 , 1870 to the present '' page 190 . 
  latvia was very lucky that the soviets did n't destroy it . 
  for example in [ 1938 latvia was 84 % of belgium 's gdp ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eargijs.jpg ) and richer than finland , austria , italy or spain . 
  edit : source - `` the cambridge economic history of modern europe : volume 2 , 1870 to the present '' page 190 . 
  there are two german war cemeteries in russia . 
  they were established in 1999 and 2000 . 
  your claims are bullshit . 
  this place is maintained because germany is paying russian government for it . 
  that priest was just inserted into the propaganda story of a propaganda channel aimed at foreigners to make it nice and cozy . 
  it costs russia nothing and the whole purpose is to make them look good for foreign audiences , because actually hating germany has no place in their propaganda structure . 
  it is not sincere care for the dead . 
  meanwhile look at how their propaganda media treats countries like gaynazijewish ukraine . 
  wehrmacht is okay , but ukrainian nationalists , who fought against brutal stalinism , are `` never forgiven '' . 
  also if such a thing as caring for german graves were to happen in a country that russian propaganda thinks must be subjugated to them it would be blasted as `` worrying rise of nazism '' . 
  he is just an estonian hating hack and a propagandist . 
  you arrived at your quote by cherry-picking , but i ca n't stop you from believing that nazis killed 0 estonian jews and it was all estonian doing . 
  that is directly from weiss-wendt 's shitbook and of course not true . 
  downside of estonia being as * irrelevant * as we are is that famous historians sometimes do n't check their sources carefully . 
  i know 100 reasons why latvia is the best country in the world . 
  you changed the title and that is not what the article said . 
  it says the campaign is spread by bots , but makes no guesses who controls these bots . 
  the improvement has been really massive and it is hard to not see that . 
  people are wrong .
