  murdering thousands of civilians was called a quiet day under the soviet rule they suffered at that time . 
   grenade attacks and shootings in sweden basically only affect gang members and such gang members , those who do n't want to pay protection money to gang members , those who are in a wrong place in a wrong time , those who ca n't afford to move away from the areas that grenades are thrown , ... 
  you say that russians are not celebrating their military and their government . 
  that is certainly not true . 
  i think he is trying to say that he supports russia invading and carving land from ukraine and thinks that it is bad if the west does anything to hinder it . 
  just your typical russian thoughts . 
  top 5 countries by tfr are : 1 . 
  chad 5 . 
  angola, 
  what are you assuming ? 
  that russia will enter the gentleman 's agreement with europe and allow them 10 years to fix their neglected military before the actual fight starts ? 
   you ca n't fight enemy with oil . 
  yeah . 
  tanks , airplanes and artillery are pretty useful for that . 
  russia has them and germany does not . 
  so mine is . 
  * jews have too much control over global affairs * jews think they are better than other people * jews have too much control over the global media * jews have too much control over the united states government * jews still talk too much about what happened to them in the holocaust ... 5/11 . 
  not an anti-semite . 
  phew !, 
  nothing was `` injected '' into the treaty . 
  googletranslate if you need to . 
  that was not a change to the treaty . 
  that was the part of the estonian parliament 's ratification bill . 
  that is totally estonian internal matter and has no effect on the border treaty . 
  russia just made it an issue because their policy has been to make a lot of issues about everything . 
   media usually does n't go all out and threaten to go to war and bomb the west not having something like jihadi mouse is a pretty low bar . 
   maybe enemy is too harsh a word . 
  really ? 
  what i have seen from the russian tv shows extreme hostility . 
  everyone of these and more countries being russian enemies is so ingrained in the reporting that it just goes without saying . 
  why not both ? 
  the key for assad and his allies has always been to target the moderate opposition ( guys acceptable to the west ) , because after all these are destroyed then he can present it like `` it is either me or isis '' . 
  that is why they have n't really bothered with isis as isis is useful . 
  i am going to stop you right there !, 
  maybe racial hatred is part of his religion ? 
  now you are the intolerant one and deserve to be drowned in a sea together with the jews !, 
  finland is trying to remove the rule that learning swedish is a mandatory subject for finns . 
  i think he does n't want him to get more famous and people do pay more attention during the election time . 
  i see this argument being just a russian propaganda story . 
  fill europe with immigrants so that the union breaks while people blame the usa . 
  barbaric hellholes with incompetent dictators manage to destabilize themselves just fine . 
  it is europe letting these people in and giving them all sorts of nice things is what brings them . 
  poland is not the reason why germany is rich and inviting the immigrants over . 
  poland is not the reason why europe and ngo-s are offering them a ferry service from african coast to europe thus giving the incentive for more to come . 
  ideally germany should stop being an idiot , but if that is too much then at least they should stop forcing these doctors and engineers , who are supposedly more valuable than gold and a great asset on other countries . 
   putin is spreading his ideology through them putin 's ideology is that everything bad for the west is good for russia and they see these parties as a possible tool do create this bad . 
  it is not about left or right . 
  in greece russia supports both syriza and golden dawn . 
  i wish our lefties would have had such sanity . 
  instead they made this non-issue one of their primary concerns and that allowed the right-wing populists to break the 5 % barrier and become a major party . 
  homosexual intercourse was punishable with prison in the ussr . 
  estonia does n't speak at all , because we wo n't believe anyone would listen . 
  we 'll just accept the doctors and engineers the refugee quota sends us and wait hopefully of the time the collective insanity passes in the eu ivory towers . 
  there has been some bad apples among our 150 quota refugees . 
  for example one of them set his wife on fire and other tied his wife to a chair , doused her in gasoline , but did n't go through with lighting her up . 
  that is only 1.33 % of bad apples though . 
  then there are some reluctant to live in estonia apples . 
  last i checked 71 of these 150 have already left estonia . 
  might be more by now . 
  i am saying that the percentage that the government takes is generally higher for high salaries and lower for low salaries , but since $ 1500 net is considered high in poland and low in france then in fact that level salaries are cheaper to pay in france . 
  i just finished writing another response about the business travel allowance . 
  that is where the real issue with low paying overseas jobs is . 
  staying in a cozy company apartment for weeks should not be allowed the same daily allowance than those taking adventures in foreign cities and conferences for few days . 
  i do n't know how the system works in france , but estonia basically copied ours from germany so if you 're not too different from germany it works the same for you too . 
  ... but you 're right about the problem though . 
  it does n't come from taxing wages . 
  it comes from the impact of business travel daily allowance on low paid jobs . 
  daily allowance for business travel is a tax free money per day for every day an employee is abroad on company business . 
  it differs in different countries , but for example in estonia it is $ 50 per day for up to 15 days a month and then the rest at some lower rate . 
  now that $ 50 does n't mean much when it is what we traditionally see business travel . 
  for example going to some conference for few days , spending time in airports , having to eat in overpriced conference venue and generally having bad time but it is also applicable to other types of business travel , where you stay for weeks , live in company apartment and see this $ 50 per day as a tax free bonus . 
  i think this concept of what the business travel is has changed over time and in the interest of fairness the allowance system should be changed . 
  i did some calculations for estonia . 
  a maximum tax free net allowance per 31 day month is $ 1262 . 
  there is also another allowance that can be used and that is $ 335/month if you use your personal car . 
  that is $ 1590 in allowances alone . 
  total cost . 
  tax wedge is defined as the difference between the employees net receipts and the company 's total cost . 
  polish tax wedge on salaries like $ 1500 net is not low . 
  the tax wedge is progressive and $ 1500 is high end in poland and low end in france . 
  it is ~ 42 % for $ 1500 net in poland by the way . 
  source : http://calculla.com/salary_in_poland ( use 9000 zl to get the right level ) the closest tax wedge table i found for france was a person earning 67 % of the average year 2013 and it was ~ 45 % . 
  now 1500 $ / net is lower than 67 % average , so in fact the taxes on top of the net salary at that level are most likely even higher in poland than in france . 
  of course eastern european workers are cheaper . 
  the question i am interested in is that is there any proof whatsoever that eastern european companies do n't have to abide by french laws ( like ignoring minimum wage , collective bargaining contracts , work time rules ) . 
  what i have seen so far is that there is no proof linked , but there are tens of highly upvoted comments in this thread that claim the polish workers are paid polish minimum wage ( that would be illegal and unlikely in my opinion ) . 
  let 's leave the long haul truck drivers out of it , because i think due to the specifics of their work their labor should be regulated with a very specialized law made only for them . 
  but how could this work ? 
  i can imagine french government sending out a message that they 'll allow french companies to outsource to eastern europe , but if the company plans to pay taxes from this work in eastern europe and not in france then the government will fuck them up . 
  how can a tiny czech republic fight against france ? 
  i do n't think it is overly complex . 
  unless it is different in different countries , but the payroll taxes in estonia go to 3 things - 1 ) health insurance 2 ) pension 3 ) unemployment insurance . 
  if a company were to send an estonian citizen to another country for less than 6 months a year then all these taxes would go to estonia , but also all these services would be provided by estonia - the person would have estonian pension , his medical bills would be sent to estonia and if he loses his job he is given aid through estonian unemployment insurance system . 
  would you be kind enough to quote the proof . 
  do you have any evidence for these claims as this practice is in direct violation with the directive i linked in my previous post . 
  it is already illegal . 
  i think it is just an old data estimation made based on the immigration/emigration patterns interpolated from global financial crisis years . 
  same with poles . 
  http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/work/work-abroad/posted-workers/index_en.htm  minimum rates of pay : your wage may not be less than the local minimum wage or the wage set by binding collective agreements in your sector of employment , if these are in force in the host country, 
   when polish workers work in other country ( here its france ) than they have to be paid french minimum wage ... not polish .
