  but that is the status quo already . 
  http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/work/work-abroad/posted-workers/index_en.htm  minimum rates of pay : your wage may not be less than the local minimum wage or the wage set by binding collective agreements in your sector of employment , if these are in force in the host country if you say it is not then please show proofs . 
  do you have any proofs that this is how it is working in the eu . 
  i have n't seen any posted here ... just proofless claims . 
  i know there is some issues with truck drivers , but long haul truck driving is a very special kind of job and a single special issue . 
  do n't know how good that prognosis is as for estonia from 2015-2017 so far is +0.25 %, 
  i have both lived for weeks at a time in employer apartment and gone to short conferences . 
  you really only have these extra expenses and nasty stuff like waking early and going to sleep late and spending your time in airports and planes and having dinner in restaurants when you are abroad for some short event . 
  when i was there for weeks at a time living in employers apartment it just felt like extra money . 
  aside from the first and last day i wake up at regular times and cook at home . 
  i think that it is needed and fair for compensating the extra expenses and inconveniences for regular business travel , i.e visiting a conference etc. . . , but it quite easily becomes just a tax free salary increase for the type of travelling , where you spend a month abroad in a company apartment . 
  $ 1,590 net is quite nice bonus . 
   no , they 're not if they 're working for a polish employer and only temporarily in france . 
  i do n't think so . 
  http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/work/work-abroad/posted-workers/index_en.htm  minimum rates of pay : your wage may not be less than the local minimum wage or the wage set by binding collective agreements in your sector of employment , if these are in force in the host country, 
  so what is he really proposing ? 
  ending the free movement of labor and capital ? 
  as i understand it the eastern european workers in france are already bound by french minimum wage and collective agreement laws . 
  to prevent eastern europeans agreeing to work cheaper than french ( but still within laws ) would require some sort of additional checks ... basically going back to the work-visa days . 
  post proofs please . 
  is there any proof to that they are not being paid french minimum wage as afaik it would be illegal . 
  i do n't even know where the claims that poles can work in france for less than french minimum wage come from . 
  certainly not from the article unless my google translate messed up . 
  all he said in the article according to the google translate was :  `` the detached work leads to ridiculous situations.you think i can explain to the french middle classes that companies close in france to go to poland because it is cheaper and that in our country the construction companies hire poles because they are paid cheaper ? 
  this system does not work right . '', 
  they 're not getting french pensions either and their medical care while in france is charged to their home country . 
  posted workers must be paid the minimum wage of the host country http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/work/work-abroad/posted-workers/index_en.htm  while posted to another eu country , you fall under the conditions and terms of employment of the host country . 
  these relate to :  minimum rates of pay : your wage may not be less than the local minimum wage or the wage set by binding collective agreements in your sector of employment , if these are in force in the host country  maximum work periods and minimum rest periods  health and safety at work  conditions on hiring workers through temporary agencies employment conditions for pregnant women and young people  equal treatment for men and women and other rules to prevent discrimination, 
  i do n't think that is true . 
  it might be some sort of myth or misunderstanding . 
  where the difference can come in are salaries in the range of $ 2500 - $ 3000 net , but not french minimum wage and the difference is a bit smaller . 
  it is due to the tax free daily allowances and car compensations being a significant component for workers posted abroad . 
  i 'll copy my calculation for estonia : according to the estonian law it is $ 50 net tax free per day with the maximum of $ 1262 a month when a worker is sent on a business trip . 
  if the employee is using a personal car then the employer is allowed to pay him $ 335 compensation . 
  so these two things end up $ 1590 tax free allowances together for workers posted abroad . 
  european costs are different from the costs in russia and china . 
  a german soldier earning 20 times more than a chinese soldier does not make him worth 20 times more . 
   so the employer only has to pay the polish minimum wage i believe this is not true [ as it would be against the law ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/work/work-abroad/posted-workers/index_en.htm ) . 
  yet french minimum wage is not that large , so maybe the complain comes from polish posted workers of higher skill working at that minimum wage . 
   they are not paid french minimum wage . 
  they do n't respect french labor laws . 
  is there any evidence that the polish workers in france are not paid french minimum wage ? 
  i believe that is already against the law and it does n't happen to posted workers like construction workers etc. . . 
  i believe long distance car drivers might be another story , but that is overall a very specific and rather tricky issue . 
  as it was pointed out above that is already against the law : http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/work/work-abroad/posted-workers/index_en.htm  minimum rates of pay : your wage may not be less than the local minimum wage or the wage set by binding collective agreements in your sector of employment , if these are in force in the host country, 
  i think it might have something to do with abusing the tax free daily allowances . 
  for example according to the estonian law it is $ 50 net tax free per day with the maximum of $ 1262 a month when a worker is sent on a business trip . 
  if the employee is using a personal car then the employer is allowed to pay him $ 335 compensation . 
  so these two things end up $ 1590 together . 
  now add some salary , that might be smaller than french minimal wage , but that does n't mean that this is all the employee is getting . 
  i see you 're going for the policy of repeating the lies often enough to make them true . 
   because i heard you did n't hear `` what v. nuland had to say '' , because she said `` starting from 1992 we have contributed to ukraine ... '' . 
  it is not some mystic `` rebels '' who are killing ukrainians there . 
  it is russian military , some on vacation , some on duty , some hired on contractual basis . 
  what about a weak , inefficient and laden in bureaucracy ? 
  yeah , but when russia barrages us with artillery and rockets and the rest of the nato refuses to act on article 5 then it just means the nato has betrayed us . 
  i can expect it from some members , but doubt the usa would do that . 
  ukraine did n't have their shit together . 
  estonia does . 
  ukraine is also very poor and estonia is relatively rich . 
  i do n't think artillery and missile barrages from russia can be deniable . 
  there is some logic behind a massive strike . 
  of course it would be a huge gamble for russia , but they do seem like gamblers . 
  russia will invade estonia with overwhelming force , digs in and then asks the west if they really want to die for tallinn . 
  that of course is at the same time they mount a huge propaganda operation . 
  `` do you want to die for nazi butcher estonians , who crucify russian children just for fun ? 
  nothing like this would work in estonia . 
  we would arrest the troublemakers and if some offer armed resistance we 'd kill them . 
  a large scale russian invasion is the most realistic threat . 
  i am not really worried about that . 
  if it is just agitators and lightly armed `` green men '' then we can handle it . 
  what worries me is the surprise strike with massive force . 
   germany , france and italy together are about twice as strong as russia . 
  i kind of doubt it . 
  i think it is heavily underestimating russia . 
  what do you base this on ? 
  you are absolutely right . 
  meanwhile in reality : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/memorial_ ( society ) #persecution  on 4 december 2008 , memorial 's st petersburg office which houses archives on the gulag was raided by the authorities and 11 computer hard disks containing the entire digital archive of the atrocities committed under stalin , representing 20 years of work , were confiscated . 
  the information was being used to develop `` a universally accessible database with hundreds of thousands of names . '', 
  office director irina flinge believes that they were targeted because their organization is on the wrong side of putinism , specifically the idea `` that stalin and the soviet regime were successful in creating a great country '' . 
  pisa tests are math , reading and science . 
  your link says 3800 out of 330,000 died in 2016 and 3771 out of more than a million in 2015 . 
  these are still small numbers and i am not saying the players of this game show are quite aware of the odds . 
  here we are looking at the death rate of 0.25-1 % . 
  death rate of those attempting to climb mount everest is 6.5 % . 
  something i want to claim here is that the english language `` alt-right trolls from the us '' might be ( and in several verifiable cases was ) an operation directed from the olgino troll center . 
  i think that kremlin english language propaganda machine was well established . 
  that is why we see the initiations from english language sources . 
  kremlin just did n't count on french being french and not under the spell of the english language . 
  how sure are you about it ? 
  did the research consider that several prominent alt-right facebook groups , like 120k subscription `` border security '' , are in fact ran from russian troll farms ? 
  i want this stupid charade and idiocy to end . 
  europe needs to pull their head out of the sand and see what it really is . 
  it is not doctors and engineers as was said . 
  it is not even people escaping war . 
  it is people getting the money together and then going on a misguided journey - german paradise or bust !, 
  [ 1 ] sigakoer is right if you want more specific answers then you have to ask in a more specific manner . 
  so what was wrong for them in free furnished apartments in estonia that it was n't good enough for people escaping certain death in war ? 
  very few of these people die and it is a game for them - take this somewhat dangerous journey and be set for life in german paradise . 
  when they end up being sent to countries like estonia , given free flats , welfare and support persons they just `` escape '' either to germany or back home .
