  of course it is relevant . 
  what is not relevant here is what lithuania chose to do . 
  their problems are not the same as they were n't targeted by mass immigration and ethnic cleaning like estonia and latvia . 
  that is why the different solutions also . 
  according to the whole civilized world the ussr occupation of estonia was illegal and estonia was not part of the ussr . 
  just controlled by it . 
  your ussr law argument fails the same way as the `` it was legal according to the nazi law during the nazi occupation '' one would . 
  estonia does n't recognize being part of the ussr other than as illegal occupation . 
  that is also the position of the rest of the civilized world . 
  you know why the situation is not ideal ? 
  because in the ideal world we could turn back time and prevent the soviet invasion and occupation and forced mass immigration to ethnically cleanse these regions and wipe out estonian and latvian nations . 
  we 're not in the ideal world and the situation now is pretty damn best as it can be and it would be better if russia would just stop their hostilities , but of course that wo n't happen . 
  estonia and latvia are the only places in the world where estonian and latvian are spoken . 
  what you guys are demanding is that we should accept that our nations got killed because we do n't want to submit the former master race immigrants to the `` humiliation of knowing a2 level of the language of the country they live in '' . 
  that view wo n't certainly be supported by estonians and latvians and luckily it wo n't be supported even by the `` civilized world '' you want to appeal to . 
  have you ever swallowed a fruit fly ? 
  now go and swallow a capsule of cyanide . 
  they 're both bad experiences and everything is equal and the same . 
  it worked for over 90k people in estonia . 
  they did n't have to travel to russia as was falsely claimed above . 
  they got their russia citizenship from a place near they lived . 
  are you arguing against it ? 
  do you claim this did n't happen ? 
  killing jews was legal under the laws of nazi germany . 
  why would estonia or latvia do something stupid ? 
   no one wants ro read the newsheader `` germany is building camps for foreign and unwanted people - again . '', 
  that excuse is getting old . 
  do you maintain that these people living in estonia who got russian citizenship had to go to russia to get russian citizenship ( that would be a lie ) or do you want to mislead and say something like `` but even though they never had to go to russia the decision to grant was made outside of the consulate so i am technically correct '' ? 
  i was talking about russian embassy in tallinn and consulates in tartu and narva - the topic of this discussion . 
  you were again talking about something you do n't know anything about . 
  you guys do n't know factual situation about estonia . 
  you only know how you must feel and some propaganda . 
  that is why your post and the previous posts i replied were full of misinformation . 
  so where are we now ? 
  from the original lie of supposedly having to get a russian visa , travelling to russia ( moscow ) and doing extensive paperwork to the facts of getting it from tallinn , tartu or narva ( where 99 % of the immigrants lived near by ) and now you still have to push something of `` not that easy '' . 
  who has complained ? ` where did these 90k + people come from ? 
  perhaps you guys should stop spreading lies about a topic you know nothing about ? 
  stop lying and post what you promised . 
  something you claimed people should `` know perfectly well has been issued several times '' . 
  so far no proofs posted . 
  you claimed  you know perfectly well that eu issued several memos and have n't substantiated it with even a single example . 
  where are the proofs ? 
  please show proofs of what eu issued and when . 
  please do n't bother with statements from not eu ( like for example a statement from red-green-brown alliance ) . 
  magnitsky act is very important for russia . 
  they 'll put their troll farms online for that . 
  these anti-american bot-networks became `` conservative voices '' only during the election campaign . 
  before they were delivering run of the mill `` america goes to war for oil and is the worst country in the world '' propaganda . 
  same bots that ended delivering trump propaganda were used to deliver anti-american bullshit , that would n't have bothered almost anybody if shut down . 
  i also see younger russians in reddit and it largely seems to me what i said . 
  they know they are defending lies , but believe doing so is patriotic because `` everybody lies anyway and the west is evil '' . 
  i think a lot could have been done just properly without going partisan . 
  for example bringing down the russian bot-networks would have curtailed their abilities quite a lot and that would be a non-partisan move as it would have hindered them to influence things either way . 
  doing these things in spring 2014 ( or even earlier ) would n't probably be tied to elections too heavily . 
   if they had to compete with other sources , their propaganda would not take off at a of course it would . 
  many russians supporting this actually know that these agencies lie . 
  they just believe telling these lies is patriotic and defend it . 
  internet is full of sources . 
  you have clearly demonstrated to be a special kind of propaganda receiver and would just ignore everything i 'd post claiming that you see nothing wrong and these proofs prove nothing , so i 'll not go down this road , but maybe someone else cares enough to try you . 
  i can find it out from estonian media and then verify from russian media through internet . 
  we 're living in the century of technological progress . 
  sad thing about your posts is that i am 99 % sure that you know you are lying yourself and protecting the liars because this is your tribe and that is the tribe 's way . 
  you 're sitting in library reading manufacturing consent while bart simpson is having sex with your wife . 
  i heard it from some media , that is just as good or bad as any other , because obviously everything is the same and there are no blatant liars . 
  i live in estonia . 
  russian state media blatantly lies about us every week and i can and have verified these ridiculous lies . 
  russian media is insane , lies constantly and your claims are just ridiculous . 
  you just support their lies , but it does n't make these any more true . 
  there is no russia . 
  never was . 
  it is just a province of the great khanate under temporary rebellion . 
  moscow times has chosen a bad title . 
  the key here is as the first sentence says  state-run television is ** the principal source of news ** for a majority of young russians , the independent russian television channel dozhd reported friday . 
  what if i say that from my perspective you killed and raped a young woman last year ? 
  would my perspective be just as valid as any other ? 
  the claim is of course totally made up , but that is what russian `` news '' are famous for . 
  crucified russian boys in ukraine , mh17 shot down by jews , ukrainian fighter jet , filled already with bodies in amsterdam , ukraine trying to shoot down putin 's plane and accidentally hitting mh17 . 
  same stuff with pretty much all the other issues . 
  blatant lying is not someone 's point of view !, 
  it is just lying . 
  it was extremely simple . 
  basically just showing your soviet passport and getting a russian one . 
  that is why we have so many ( ~ 90k ) russian citizens living as permanent residents in estonia . 
  why do you lie ? 
  they just needed to go to russian embassy in tallinn or consular in tartu or narva . 
  residence permit and citizenship are separate . 
  everyone was given permanent residence permit . 
  acquiring russian citizenship does not take this away . 
  there are ~ 90k russian citizens living in estonia . 
  you really should not share the `` knowledge '' you get from russian speaking internet about these issues . 
  cool theories , bro . 
  even your own chart puts estonia at 78 % . 
  i do n't know how karlin calculated these , but the difference between 90 % + comes probably from the difference of today 's administrative borders and the ones in 1897 . 
  your sources are still your own `` lol '' statements . 
  the requirements for the president are a bit different than for the primary school teacher . 
  even if the president has a personality of finding conflict distasteful he still has to suck up the uncomfortableness and put some game theory into his actions instead of just backing down and ignoring . 
  estonian `` era of silence '' was pretty mild and it was actually by a `` father knows best '' type of figure against the possible raise of nazis in a very complex political situation with an aggressive and threatening dictatorship next door looking for an excuse to invade . 
  democracy had already been restored by the time of soviet invasion . 
  when it comes to literacy rate you can confirm it from a `` neoliberal '' russian imperial census of 1897 . 
  as for the gdp per capita it is me posting info from `` the cambridge economic history of modern europe : volume 2 , 1870 to the present '' page 190 and you posting `` lol '' in the internet .
