  if bad guys have a gun and you have just science then they 'll come and take everything away from you . 
  what you 're going to say about that - e = mc \u00b2 ? 
  so who is paid to cheer or to attend ? 
  very few people believe this russian bullshit . 
  so knowing estonia was occupied by the soviet union must be the `` estonian racism '' you were accusing me of . 
  something shared by the whole civilized world . 
  https://ihl-databases.icrc.org/customary-ihl/eng/docs/v2_rul_rule130 geneva convention iv article 49 , sixth paragraph , of the 1949 geneva convention iv provides : `` the occupying power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies . '' additional protocol i article 85 ( 4 ) ( a ) of the 1977 additional protocol i provides that `` the transfer by the occupying power of parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies '' is a grave breach of the protocol . 
  stop this nonsense please . 
  no one is paid in poland to cheer trump . 
  nazis also did n't violate any nazi laws during their conquest and occupations . 
  you have just gotten yourself confused . 
  you said extremely stupid things in your effort to defend russian propaganda and now just keep going . 
  it was not unemployment . 
  crime just paid so well compared to regular job . 
  gangs doing metal business had a serious war . 
  it got very out of hand with people killing for business and then getting killed in revenge and then the revenge in other direction and so on . 
  there was a lot of scrap metal all over the ussr and think about a situation where a kg of copper is $ 1 in world market and a month 's wages in a factory gives you $ 20 . 
  russia in itself has no meaning . 
  it is only defined through the lens of anti-americanism . 
  the people `` supporting '' russia do n't know anything about it other than that it is a go to place for when you want to oppose america . 
  70 % of russian economy is directly controlled by the state . 
  the rest is also not free as russia does n't have the rule of law and the state can take what they want . 
  regretfully i have n't seen it , but the trailer is very memorable . 
  i am going to make an assumption about you . 
  you said you 're in a mid 50s and an officer . 
  then you know that 3 estonians are worth 30 russian conscripts . 
  or maybe you 're not old enough to know that . 
  in the early 90s russian propaganda blasted - sad that estonia is without adult guidance . 
  after trying to be independent for 6 months they 'll be back begging on their knees to be allowed back to be under the russian rule . 
  russian propaganda blasted . 
  sad that these silly estonian children insist on russian army leaving . 
  silly people as they 'd be so much safer with russian army in their lands . 
  late 90s/early 00 's - stupid estonians think that joining the nato makes them safer . 
  these idiots do n't know how wrong they are . 
  they are bringing on their own doom . 
  2017 - estonia has no reason to have an army . 
  they have cast aside the soviet occupation , sent the soviet army away and joined nato . 
  they are absolutely safe !, 
  so safe in fact that they should not have military forces . 
  our goal is to be able to defend ourselves and we are making a steady progress . 
  in 1992 we started with nothing . 
  now we have much more and it does n't stop our plans for further development . 
  a lot of avenues for russian aggression have already been closed by our defense capabilities . 
  at any point your unfriendly advice of `` you ca n't do anything anyway so do nothing instead '' would have been as accurate as it is now . 
  that is the thing with you russians . 
  you lie so much that no one takes you seriously any more . 
  russia is spending huge amounts of money on military and spreads the propaganda saying that any western country having defense capabilities is `` paranoid '' and the right course of action for them should be to be defenseless . 
  it is not hard at all to see through your lies . 
  little by little you have maneuvered yourself to be a laughing stock to be ignored . 
  see - what you are describing here is gender equality as a goal and not efficiency or capabilities . 
  it depends on what you want out of your conscription . 
  israel wants defense capabilities and that is why it has separate tasks for men and women . 
  if you want to get gender equality out of it then of course you do n't mind if overall the quality of training and outcome suffers as this was never the primary goal . 
  finland ca n't afford to have a standing army large enough for their needs . 
  the idea is that at war time people would be mobilized , but that would be useless unless they have been trained first . 
  what conscription is is basically training . 
  what i hear from finns is that those women who volunteered were never able to complete the marches on their own and it always came down to spreading their packs between male conscripts . 
  israel has also conscription for women , but there they do n't do the same things as men do . 
  i think this way is more useful . 
  that would be if you count things like rent or restaurant meals , but their rent does not come from their pocket money and simple goods from the store cost pretty much the same or are even cheaper in germany . 
   you can not stop the invasion you are afraid of with conventional arms you 're claiming that russians are bulletproof ? 
  you vatniks say so mind numbingly stupid things that i am ashamed even to read your posts . 
  it is sad to see a human being so utterly brainwashed . 
  if you care then please explain coherently what you want to claim here . 
  exactly !, 
  merkel invited them to germany and after they spend a lot of money getting here they are sent to lithu-fucking-ania !, 
  that is false advertisement !, 
  they paid good money for it !, 
  love how your `` logic '' works . 
  it surely is a tremendous boon for estonia to be next to russia . 
  i am sure everyone in the world is jealous . 
   because it 's populated by 95 % russians are you from future and posted the statistics from the time after russia has finished their ethnic cleansing ? 
  soviet unions referendum was a joke anyway , but pay attention to the additional questions some of the countries managed to force in . 
  for example ukraine : `` do you agree that ukraine should be part of a union of soviet sovereign states on the basis on the ** declaration of state sovereignty of ukraine ** ? '', 
  for 81.7 % against 18.3 % ukrainians thought that `` declaration of state sovereignty of ukraine '' is the maximum they can get out of it and it got overwhelming support . 
  then just few months later they had a real referendum with even more overwhelming support for the independence . 
  not according to the countries themselves . 
  just have a look at the referendums held in these countries . 
  i.e https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_independence_referendum,_1991 do you support the act of declaration of independence of ukraine ? 
  yes 92.26 % no 7.74 % turnout 84.18 %, 
  if it is muh 90s , then why is it 69 % in russia and only 34 % in the ukraine ? 
  i think it is about muh velikaja derzhava . 
  the fact that it was only 49 % for russia in 2012 and again has fallen to 59 % by 2017 . 
  people just do n't suddenly remember and then forget about muh 90s again that way , but the imperialist rhetoric was turned up in tv and that explains +20 % increase from 2012 to 2015 . 
  lol . 
  everything is so simple for an edgy brainwashed russian schoolboy . 
  why are 69 % in russia regretting and only 34 % in ukraine ? 
  could it perhaps be that russians are missing having other countries subjugated to them and the 69 % peak comes from tv whipping up your imperialist frenzy ? 
  i think it is that . 
  nothing to do with russian people having special ability to remember something and ukrainians , estonians etc. . . not . 
  just your plain old imperialism same as germans wishing hitler would have won . 
   we royal we ? 
  so why is it that russians regret that soviet union collapsed and estonians do n't ? 
  why does the russian regret jump up and down based on what is on tv ? 
  2012 - 49 % russians regret 2015 - 69 % russians regret 2017 - 59 % russians regret did the `` muh 90s '' change so radically between these years ? 
  edit : and plenty of germans in the 50s were sad that hitler lost . 
  there is no questionable `` if '' there . 
  so if germans in the 50s wish hitler had won it is because they know from the first hand experience how wonderful the third reich was and how unfair it is that the usa ruined their dream ? 
  you 're confused about something . 
  there was no real baltic independence until russia recognized it quite some time after the coup attempt and it was rather shaky until russia pulled out their army at 1994 .
