  we managed to do that save for a few small territories around t\u011b\u0161\u00edn . 
  both sides had a reasonably strong claim on the land . 
  poland decided to send its army and just declare `` its polish land now '' . 
  we said bullshit , its ours , we have a claim and are having negotiations , you ca n't do that just yet . 
  there was serious military tension so it was negotiated that we get a part and you get a part of the contested land ** temporarily for administrative purposes ** until a final border is negotiated , and a treaty was signed . 
  this reduced tensions . 
  but then poland had state-wide elections and decided that their part of the contested land is going to hold them too . 
  so they sent troops to the area again , held the elections , and conscripted soldiers from the contested territory for their army . 
  this was a clear signal that poland said fuck off , the treaty is not temporary , we like it how it is , this is land of sovereign polish state . 
  our ministry of defense sent a note urging you to retreat from the area . 
  it was ignored . 
  we decided there is nothing to negotiate when you disregard treaties and retook the territory from you with force . 
  as i said elsewhere it was because you decided to hold elections in a territory that was under your control only temporarily and the treaty did n't allow that . 
  i agree but i do n't think many poles would have will to fight if your so called allies explicitly sold you to the enemy without us being allowed to take part in the talks . 
  we did n't attack without a reason . 
  poles should n't have held elections in a contested territory as according to the armistice . 
  interesting , given how liberal our gun laws are one would think we 'd have more guns . 
  was there any point in history where we surrendered but could 've actually changed something by fighting ? 
  certainly not ww2 nor 68 , and we did fight for our independence on the white mountain . 
  definitely no opportunity in between . 
  and when you look at our legionnaires during ww1 or resistance + foreign army during ww2 , i do n't think we are a cowardly nation . 
  if anything it was pretty cowardly for poland to annex a part of our country along with germany before ww2 . 
  brothers my ass . 
  why are we deemed cowardly ? 
  they do n't speak slavic language but they have mixed with slavs a lot . 
  i think that president 's office in most countries where its less powerful than pm 's office is the only one that actually should try to tie the nation together . 
  most presidents i know , including ours , are doing the exact opposite - they are polarising and dividing the people - and given the results i have little doubt this guy 's actions will result in the same effect . 
  but that 's just my opinion , as always . 
  thanks !, 
  what are this guy 's plans on controlling migration and addressing concerns of the other 49.8 % of austrians regarding safety and terrorism ? 
  also , does he support the quota system ? 
  argument to moderation is a fallacy . 
  there is no reason to believe middle road is always the best one . 
  safest one , maybe ... 
  as far as the lefts incompetence allows it to . 
  the fact that eu is infested with people like this is one of the better anti-eu arguments . 
  maybe even the best , i do n't know , there is just too much of them . 
  people who do n't want to reproduce wo n't even if you offer them a little extra money . 
  people who want to reproduce will find a way even without the extra money . 
  i am not against this if they can afford it , but the amount of people who would say `` you know , this is great change , i can finally have a large family even though i did n't plan to previously '' will be miniscule . 
  not gon na help . 
  it 's not a money problem , it 's a cultural/mentality problem . 
  \u017di\u017eek is the old leftist type that has no understanding for the identity politics bullshittery of new left . 
  as a conservative right-winger , i love listening to \u017di\u017eek 's thoughts in general , even though i disagree with him a lot ; he is a respectable opponent and original thinker which is something you ca n't say about current leftism with straight face . 
  digged his recent thoughts on leitkultur and the inevitable need to reestablish the concept in some way to solve the riddle of multiculturalism . 
  the german feeling of guilt apparently knows no boundaries . 
  the czech republic is still the preferred option . 
  the left 's obsession with tabula rasa is true and i find it a bit baffling . 
  given the fact that left 's weltanschauung is somewhat materialist oriented compared to most of the right ( as in the left is not as religious/idealist and most of their great thinkers were hard materialist - marx is an obvious example ) , one could expect they would , with respect to the sciences and biology in particular , accept that tabula rasa is pure naivety . 
  in some sense they do know that - for example most of them believe that homosexuality or transexuality is n't something you choose and they are probably right . 
  but when other issues such as multiculturalism and integration are concerned , they reject the nature over nurture concept altogether and fully believe that people are empty canvasses that can be painted with anything if you pour enough money and ideology on them . 
  it seems to me their ideology is built on shifting sands : they know what they want the world to look like very well , but they have n't found a set of perfectly coherent thoughts and principles that would serve as a foundation for their utopia yet ; so they just cherrypick the arguments they need to support the particular bit that is important to them in the moment , and ignore the fact that they often indirectly invalidate a different bit of their views in the process . 
  its basically bluffing , but the funny thing is that most of them do n't even realise it . 
  why should they , though , when the only people who call them out on it are far and between ? 
  i thought the bataclan bloodbath would be our last straw but it seems to me like we europeans are n't even familiar with the concept . 
  by that logic we czechs are full of shit in general , because ano means yes , 
  i do n't get it tbh . 
  parties like ano seem completely unelectable to me . 
  babi\u0161 is literally cancer . 
  but rather low wages as well . 
  they 're rising , but could be rising more . 
  what the hell are you doing ireland ? 
  and could we do it too ? 
  the buildings and monuments themselves look nice to me . 
  i get if people are angry because of some shady business connected to them but the stuff itself seems fine to me . 
  could be better but eh , slow growth is still growth . 
  they import so much of our manufacturing products and we are the lazy ones ? 
  german logic i guess , 
  i think we have less wind because of the mountains encircling our borders , and also because we are landlocked ( lots of winds come from/to the sea ) . 
  that said this hypothesis does n't explain austria'a love for wind . 
  so you actually are illiterate . 
  i 'll say it once again then . 
  small hipster coffee shops usually serve only like three to maybe five different types of coffee . 
  usually espresso , filtered coffee ( v60 is common ) and then some milk based coffee like cappuccino or white shot . 
  on the other hand you can usually choose the beans from like three kinds or so . 
  if you do n't specify the beans they usually ask whether you like your coffee light/fruity/acidic or sweeter/blacker/stronger , or they choose for you because they know which roast is best for which kind of coffee . 
  that 's fucking it . 
  no rocket science . 
  definitely not like starbucks with their fucking sirups and cinnamon dust and whatnot . 
  then you should know that you do n't need to know svahili to order an espresso you illiterate . 
  true coffee hipsters do n't go to the mcdonalds of coffee world that is starbucks . 
  true hipsters go to coffee shops which serve like only three or so kinds of coffee ( es , cappuccino , filter ) , have their own roaster , do cuppings etc. 
  starbucks is the mcdonalds of coffee mate . 
  huge selection but that actually forebodes how shit it is . 
  proper coffee shops usually only offer espresso , cappuccino and various methods of filter coffee . 
  that 's pretty much it , no bullshittery . 
  they usually serve coffee from local roasteries , do cuppings and other educational stuff , if you need more tips to discern them . 
  we should try to make their working load more bearable and with better compensation . 
  delet this, 
  we moravians and our silesian brethren would fuck shit up if that became reality . 
  i agree it 's better , but not because it sounds like democracy and stability . 
  people 's republic of china , democratic people 's republic of north korea or democratic republic of congo ... see ? 
  not if you 're living in it . 
  i am not a huge gun nut , just went through the gun license course . 
  amongst other things i 've shot several handguns by cz , mostly different variations of 75 , sports versions , 85 etc. 
  compared to other pistols that were there i sincerely liked shooting with them the most . 
  i did n't really like the glock for example . 
  i meant pistols but said guns , my mistake . 
  there are several multiple classes of gun license in our country , they 're a , b , c etc. 
  some are only hunting , some sports , some professional license ( policemen , security people ... ) , some self-defence , some collectible purposes and so on .
