  they make space for the moderates with their extremist views - either because they actually achieve what they wanted and they prefer to have moderate left than moderate right on their side , or because of the backlash against them , because proving that that kind of left is incredibly stupid allows a moderate , reasonable party to pick up the baton and their electorate . 
  i think that the `` regressives '' abandoning freedom of speech or actual equality , however hard to define they are , does n't shake up my view of the situation at all . 
  they are based on constant change , and just as revolution eats its own children , its only a matter of time until the cult of constant change starts to eat away its own foundations because those are quite easy to change when you declare monopoly on their interpretation . 
  i also strongly disagree with identifying progressives with fighting the establishment and its injustice - i think its pretty clear that in most of the west , progressives form a considerable chunk of the establishment . 
  your focus on actions , not intentions tells me that you 're probably a consequentialist , which is why we probably ca n't agree . 
  i know i am taking ethics into politics which is stupid but i have always strongly disagreed with consequentialist ethics and i believe that these fundamental philosophical positions strongly bleed into our political worldviews - after all , there are n't many questions more important and more defining than the whole normative ethics problem . 
  my strong dislike for consequentialism actually indirectly led me , an atheist , to a conservative and more traditional side of the political spectrum . 
  as i said in another comment in this chain , i do n't agree with you at all . 
  defining progress as change for the better and regression as change for the worse in a political discussion is absolutely useless because a ) there is no way to objectively judge what is better and worse and b ) everyone , including conservatives and reactionaries , the opposite of progressives , believe they are changing things for the better . 
  if you want the label to mean anything in political discourse and not just become a meaningless buzzword , its much more useful to define progressivists as people who subscribe to a certain intellectual tradition that does n't wish to conserve the current state nor return to a previous one , but that wishes to transform the society to a different , never before seen state , and preferably never stop this constant change ( because they define themselves as progressivists , if they ever stopped changing society into new states , they would stop being progressive and lose their label - infinite change is their ideological core ) . 
  there is no value judgement in that definition ( this definition is n't dependent on what we think is for the better or for worse ) , i 'd argue its pretty objective and easy to discern , and thus is useful way to talk about political movements such as progressivism . 
  you can define progress in that way but its not very helpful in political , cultural or social sense because there is no truthful way to determine whether a change was for the better for the society as a whole or not . 
  conservatives think they 're changing things for the better , so do progressives and reactionaries , and even if you somehow discovered objective criteria to determine whether something truly is for the better or worse , you would have to wait for years to truthfully judge those changes and their impact . 
  i think its apparent that defining the term progress ( in political , cultural and social sense ) your way is absolutely useless because it does n't tell anything useful at all . 
  every political movement tries to change things for the better , but surely we are not all progressives . 
  if political progressivism meant change for the better , it would be just a buzzword at that point , a term that says absolutely nothing . 
  i think much more useful thing is to use the term progressive in the sense of change relative to status quo . 
  conservatives prefer to preserve the status quo . 
  reactionaries would like to return the society to some previous state . 
  progressivists want the society to change into a never before seen state . 
  this way the label is useful and actually provides some non-redundant information . 
   and such curtailing of the freedom of women never actually makes us safer what they do is curtailing freedom of men . 
  i find it sad that your whole post focuses only on how this will affect women when the primary target of this change are the men and their ban from certain festival areas . 
  they 're progressive . 
  they 're not reactionary in any way , they do n't subscribe to some older tradition of the left , they do n't wish to revert society to its earlier stage . 
  their religion is progress for progress ' sake and it was just a matter of time until they overshot the reasonable position entirely . 
  just because what they do is retarded does n't mean they 're regressive . 
  they 're extremely progressive , and that 's precisely why they are retarded . 
  edit : in what way am i not contributing to the discussion ? 
  look below , there is some pretty interesting discussion this comment started . 
  we ca n't take such a hit , we should rather strongly team up with v4 countries and push for reform of eu . 
  it was a choice between known and unknown evil . 
  they chose unknown evil . 
  we as europe kind of need the eu to stay competitive , although i am not a fan in the slightest . 
  i do n't want further political integration and i certainly do n't want the euro . 
  i want stronger border protection and i want the quota bullshit to go away . 
  so i do n't particularly like it . 
  but i do n't think this is going to bode well for britain . 
  for one , i suspect the eu will make an exemplary case of the uk and punish it hard to keep everyone in line . 
  the eu will make life for uk as hard as possible without seeming completely vengeful in public , so the remain and eurofederalists will take uk 's years long inability to recover as a proof that we need super-integrated eu , which i deeply believe we do n't , and its going to ruin every possibility of eu reforming in near future . 
  i also suspect that instead of interpreting the result as a wake-up call for the eu , i am afraid that its going to be a `` brakes off , full gas '' moment for the franco-german union , which britain tried to slow down a bit . 
  this will be a problem for our little v4 countries . 
  and they 're also going to lose scotland , so yeah . 
  cameron 's referendum gamble will go down in history and not in a good way . 
  i just hope i am wrong and they are right and its sunny on the other side , but as far as i see it , its just all kinds of fucked everywhere . 
  at the moment i think staying in and fighting political integration is the lesser evil rather than leave and make another enemy . 
  you clearly do n't know the arguments then . 
  i am sorry but i am not going to list all the reasons for my monarchist stance . 
  we can argue about the legitimacy of those arguments but i do n't have the time to write them all down . 
  you can look up many arguments for monarchy easily on the internet ( if you ca n't conceive why someone would support monarchy at all ) and acquaint yourself with them , just as i acquaint myself with leftist and republican arguments in order to efficiently and constructively participate in such a debate . 
  lots of reasons , actually . 
  and they 're not idiots . 
  i know spanish monarchy is probably the only monarchy i know that people do n't like that much , other nations like their kings and queens . 
  why would they want to be a republic though ? 
  i do n't know , i do n't watch american tv . 
  glad i 'm not the only one who finds his videos utterly unwatchable . 
  he 's basically a televangelist for leftists . 
  he 's not there to change people 's minds . 
  he just makes people who already share opinion with him feel good about themselves . 
  the only videos where he is bearable are the ones where he mostly just infodumps on some fairly unknown issue most western people do n't have stakes in without any jokes or personal opinion . 
  the qatar one was okayish i guess . 
  but those are n't as popular it seems . 
  i want schengen and trade deals etc. 
  but i do n't want euro nor further political integration etc. 
  this whole ordeal seems like a lose/lose situation . 
  god damn it i want two speed eu so much . 
  on the other hand , when people walk in the voting booth they might get scared because while eu is definitely not a flawless institution , the answer might be even worse and one just ca n't ever know for sure . 
  status quo and such . 
  fear is on the side of stayers . 
  depends on how much free time and how hard work id have to do . 
  working in a corporation as an office rat is slavery too in a sense , it 's not an easy choice . 
  well they 're not as close as slovakians but still pretty close . 
  we all were occupied by soviets , pushed around during ww2 ( well , except for hungary i guess ) and naturally grew distrustful of both west and east . 
  good foundation to build our own strong organisation upon . 
  i do n't want further integration or federalization . 
  i want two speed europe . 
  its not gon na happen if we just do whatever germany or france tells us to do . 
  poland and hungary love each other . 
  seriously , they have very strong ties , look it up . 
  independent africa has been going downhill since colonialism too . 
  before it too . 
  that said i would n't colonise them . 
  too much hassle . 
  let them deal with their problems themselves , its the only way they can truly improve . 
  in the meantime do n't allow them to make additional problems for us . 
  i , for one , like the v4 . 
  we share history and culture and its better for us to help each other and form a strong alternative voice in europe that would put pressure on the current unchallenged franco-german reign . 
  history showed numerous times we can not count on west , we have to learn to help ourselves first and foremost . 
  i am not a fan of orb\u00e1n but its what the hungarians chose and he too wishes to further our cooperation which i welcome . 
  we are happy because we are central europeans !, 
  i 've thought about this but i am actually really glad i am czech and i would n't change it even if i could . 
  european union did n't have that big of an effect on the collapse of ussr . 
  czech kingdom restoration 2018 !, 
  delet this, 
  we could 've tried to defend ourselves if we had our border fortresses , but our allies sold gave our border areas to the germans . 
  it was completely over at that point . 
  no will to fight , no one was going to help anyway . 
  you at least had some , mostly moral , support from uk . 
  we had nothing . 
  after formation of czechoslovakia we had to work out our border with poland .
