perception : they drink loads of beer . 
  truth : we drink shitloads of beer . 
  sweden . 
  definitely . 
  i am quite frustrated with eu and i am glad for every politician who does not just obey brussels , but stands his ground and questions . 
  i am quite skeptical of current state of eu and honestly am not sure if it was a great idea in the first place . 
  not only grain was provided by the state , actually . 
  i think i read about oil and very rarely but still even some cheaper kinds of meat . 
  they also used these to incentivize things like marriage and kids etc. 
  which is good . 
  society is not a lab animal . 
  i would n't call czech republic particular socially conservative . 
  you must be new to europe , its been like this for a few years . 
  i agree . 
  i remember i also used to have several american friends who i played baseball with . 
  not true . 
  i have a friend from belarus . 
  i am still anti-immigration , especially mass accepting of `` refugees '' . 
  why are you sorry ? 
  most people keep to their own kind and influence each other so as time goes on differences in the social group get smaller . 
  mixed groups are not a `` stable '' state , so to say . 
  as a czech i only know one distant acquaintance who is in favour of immigration and she 's the typical vegan , fully natural single turbo-bio-mother , for example . 
  i 'd be cool with them helping out our nuclear weapon program too , 
  this is well known . 
  we speak funny to you and you speak funny to us ; and i assume this works for more slavic languages . 
  you have a lot sounds we associate with children or someone who ca n't properly speak . 
  i agree , \u010ct is pretty okay from my right-wing standpoint . 
  see my new response to the italian poster, 
  i do n't think thats a valid argument . 
  you are arguing from a position of `` enlightened '' , progressive , liberal , humanist and egalitarian modern person . 
  i 'd say that without christianity , you would n't have had those opinions at all . 
  the church had a very important role in increasing social cohesiveness and laying the foundations for modern thought . 
  all those values you hold , they stem from protestant thinkers and those would have never stepped out if the catholic church had n't behaved the way it behaved . 
  christianity offered the groundwork for your opinions , starting from people like luther , calvin , wycliffe , hus , continuing to for example deists or many enlightened thinkers ( most of them were not atheists ) up until today . 
  so i 'd argue that we ca n't reasonably discuss how advanced we would be without the church , because i think a lot of the advancement comes from the church , sometimes directly , sometimes indirectly . 
  maybe without the church the european countries would n't have started the western intellectual tradition and asia would have led the world in terms of progress . 
  maybe arabs would have conquered us . 
  maybe we would n't have any knowledge from the greeks and we would be even less advanced . 
  there are just so many variables its just completely unreasonable to discuss questions such as this . 
  personally , i think that europe could n't have possibly lived without the church . 
  i do n't think its possible for a medieval society to reasonably and peacefully exist without any kind of organised religion at all . 
  i do n't have sources for that , that 's my personal opinion , but i just ca n't imagine how possibly europe could 've developed to be even more advanced without christianity . 
  i am not saying the ** catholic ** church is a beacon of progress ( i do n't think it should tbh ) , but you have to remember that up until 19th-20th century a lot of priests were , even those from catholic church and its religious orders ( there are many of those and some of those were progressive enough to surprise you ) . 
  they studied sciences , kept huge libraries , saved the ancient greek and roman books for us . 
  they were philosophers , doctors , scientists . 
  during the so called dark ages the church was the only institution of education , knowing and progress . 
  i live in a city where a certain priest discovered and formulated laws of genetics while experimenting in the garden of his monastery . 
  the first person who formulated the idea of big bang was a priest too . 
  and thats only catholic church . 
  there are many more protestant churches , some of which were egalitarian and progressive since their foundation . 
  people should stop buying into the / r/atheism memes and realise that christianity is much more complex and not just a constant retarding factor of the so called progress . 
  thats an awful generalisation . 
  i am not even a christian , but there are many churches in christianity and a lot of those are or were opposite of what you said . 
  i do n't agree with you but i appreciate your comments . 
  it 's always good to doubt and question yourself . 
  i had that one in mind as well ( among others ) . 
  he is not a master of comedy though . 
  he is okay-ish at researching ( not this time ) but his whole shtick is `` see how dumb x is ? '', 
  i like his pieces on corporations etc. 
  but whenever he delves into anything less factual and more opinion based he just goes on preachy rants pushing his agenda so hard the humor gets lost . 
  this is n't the first thing he completely missed the point of , though i think the generalization and oversimplification is intentional , as most people who watch him are just not interested in the shades of grey of real issues and just want to know what to think or validate their current biases . 
  personally i 'm partial to beskydy when i want a `` fuller '' beer ( their 15 \u00b0 s are quite something ) and dale\u0161ice for lighter one . 
  i want them to stay but with the vote being extremely close , so that maybe there are some democratic and structural reforms in eu in the future ( yeah i know , not gon na happen ) . 
  i agree with what you said . 
  he is not horrendous per se , but he embodies most things i do n't like . 
  his party 's program is either nonexistent or incredibly vague , which alone makes him unelectable for me , i hate parties which are cowardly enough to never clearly declare what they stand for ( frankly , its our fault we still vote for them ) . 
  his `` prost\u011b to za\u0159\u00edd\u00edme '' approach is hilarious and tragic at the same time , this is politics ffs . 
  `` st\u00e1t jako firma '' is imo very wrong and dangerous idea . 
  then we have his occasionally arrogant public presentation , his demagogic statements ( especially when he gets angry and starts speaking slovak ) and questionable choices of candidates for various offices . 
  he is prime example of what i would call `` messiah one-man populist parties '' ( ano , \u00dasvit etc. ), 
  which are on the rise all over europe . 
  we can add clash of interests on top of the pile to achieve perfect confusion about why the hell this guy is our finance minister . 
  my grandfather , who voted for him , said babi\u0161 is like a strong acid - you use it to exterminate parasites ( which he did somewhat well with various `` godfathers '' and lobbyists ) , but then you * have to * wash it away with clean water . 
  as you said there are no good alternatives in the parliament , so i vote for different parties altogether . 
  i do n't think we are particularly conservative , but that depends on which kind of conservatism you have in mind . 
  i am conservative socially and economically , but i support technological progress . 
  getting our qol to the level of switzerland or sweden seems achievable in a few decades , but we will never reach their level of prestige if something scandalous does n't happen in those countries . 
  and by the time we catch up to them there will be other and bigger fishes . 
  we are too reliant on other countries for our progress , we will always lag behind tbh if something does n't change . 
  i agree that there is a lot of room for improvements , maybe old generation dying out will help , but the fact that babi\u0161 was elected even when 52 % of people believe he is in a significant clash of interests signals something about our youth and middle-aged population . 
  we are still retarded by ww2 and communism and are only barely keeping pace . 
  current econ . 
  growth seems to signal that we can catch up , but i do n't think that we can as a country efficiently reorganise and shift our mentality significantly and fast enough for it to matter in the long run . 
  let 's get real though , we * are * too small to dream big . 
  most people in england or us still think of us as czechoslovakia ffs . 
  i love this country and i ca n't imagine a better place to live ( according to my needs ) except for maybe iceland or something , but while we are growing economically , i ca n't imagine us ever being an important country . 
  poland is going to be the real deal , but not us . 
  we do n't have the size nor the numbers . 
  : ddd, 
  brynza obviously works in czech as well . 
  this is a small and not really groundbreaking reform but i think it could be interesting to see in action and overall beneficial : mandatory paternity testing at birth . 
  one can imagine sisyphus happy , but i do n't know how easy that would be with you guys : /, 
  [ this ] ( http://richardpeters.typepad.com/.a/6a0120a7aae27b970b017d4293d3f3970c-500wi ) is how it is , 
  bohemia is only one of three parts of czechia so i would n't choose that tbh, 
  that 's nice of them , thank you for the pics, 
  why are not people talking about this ? 
   the universality of human rights is of course a human construct . 
  but in its ends definitely a good and successful one . 
  that 's precisely what you ca n't tell if you are not moral realist . 
  its `` definitely good and successful construct '' * according to what ?
