  * morality is in a certain sense a way of assigning value ( if at all ) , you are implying human rights are moral because they are `` good and successful , '' which is a value judgement . 
  i ca n't help but see that as a circular reasoning . 
  a , therefore b , therefore a , therefore b. . . 
  i mostly support the so-called universal human rights but i make no mistake in mindlessly believing they are `` factual '' and i doubt the legitimacy of the way they are derived by . 
  it could be said that there is consensus that there is something like universal human rights , but what are they exactly is not agreed upon . 
  my goal is not to endorse murder or fascism or anything like that , i just wish people were n't so circlejerky and realised that the world is not figured out . 
  most people on reddit are ( rightfully ) happy to use doubt to deconstruct fundamentalist dogma but they should use it to find and fix flaws in their own so called progressive and egalitarian beliefs too . 
  ethics are far more complicated than that . 
  there are various legitimate ethical positions in philosophy which question that which you call `` universal human rights , '' whatever they are and wherever they come from . 
  i do n't think so . 
  philosophy of language showed that language is so much more . 
  just reading up on wittgensteins ideas can make you go woah . 
  language has lots of functions , communication ( in the general sense ) is only one of them . 
  oh , i forgot we do n't have slovakia anymore :d, 
  gib zakarpattia oblast back !, 
  let 's hope it stays a suggestion , because otherwise things are going to be ugly . 
  which obligations have we signed that force the czech republic to take in 8k of immigrants that probably do n't even want to be here ? 
  of course not . 
  the problem is that the so-called `` humanitarian responsibilities '' are clashing with the general opinion and the principles of democracy . 
  majority choosing to limit immigration is not an attack against minorities and definitely not racism . 
  it 's democracy . 
  if you are playing the `` decent human beings '' card in the context of czechoslovakian 1938-1939 emigration , do n't forget about m\u00fcnchen treaty . 
  i will save you the trouble arguing against that : it was just geopolitics , it was a lost cause , yada yada . 
  every country has to protect their own citizens and interests first and foremost . 
  of course i agree with that , it 's common sense . 
  that 's how countries always worked and will work . 
  and that 's why we do n't have any obligation to take in refugees . 
  look , we all have enough of our problems . 
  immigration has to be managed very carefully and only with the agreement of the people of a given country , because those are the people that will suffer the negative side of immigration . 
  after all , that 's why we in europe are democratic countries - so that people can decide for themselves . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  not really . 
  they are basically a dictatorship , but when their dictator died recently , it was a national tragedy . 
  he ruled sternly bud fairly and managed to make singapore 's economy explode . 
  he managed lot of things the west could n't because of its slow and cumbersome democratic process . 
  people like results , he accomplished them . 
  brunei is somewhat similar , absolute monarchy and very successful with reasonable freedom for its citizens . 
  also maybe salazar 's portugal etc. 
  sso are libertarians , they are not interested in race , nationalism or social problems as sexism etc. 
  aside from guaranteeing the biggest degree in freedom in every sphere of life . 
  they are far right only economically while most people here are probably interested in neo-nazi or fascist parties . 
  as far as i know we do have a monarchist party but sadly they are irrelevant . 
  czech - native english - internet and video games helped a lot , c1 certificate russian - school . 
  i do n't know my level but i can communicate good enough to get by . 
  i have problems with vocabulary , i just do n't know a lot of words because i do n't like the language that much and i only learn it/use it at school . 
  i hope to start studying german this year because i 'll be studying at a technical university and engineering is connected to germany a lot . 
  that said looking at the other comments i feel like a complete language pleb . 
  well i do n't know about germany but here nearly all highschool students have to know these facts for the law classes and let 's be honest , if you watch the news apart from the number questions you would know the answer to the rest of them . 
  also i think the test should mostly force people to make an effort because there are too many people who just vote the candidate who gives them the most doughnuts on promo events . 
  this wo n't prohibit that but minimalise that at least . 
  demanding anything more , for ex . 
  political philosophy or recent geopolitical events/conflicts is dangerous because there is a risk of insulting some political ideologies or misinterpretation etc. 
  and these tests should be perfectly neutral . 
  i suppose there could be some questions based on contemporary politics but real basic ones like `` who is the current minister of finance '' or `` list 5 people who were in office as pms in last 10 years '', 
  yeah , definitely publish the questions and answers weeks or months beforehand . 
  its about making at least some minimal effort if you want to vote ( other than coming to the room and throwing the paper in ) and at the same time educating citizens . 
  what about really basic ones ? 
  like `` write at least 2 powers that the president has '' `` how many members does the senate have and how long is their term ? '', 
  `` who appoints constitutional court juries '' etc. 
  ** tl ; dr you are incorrect . 
  ** schopenhauer was a good conversationalist , witty and talkative . 
  he attended plays or opera daily , he always had his lunch and dinner at his favourite restaurant , where , if the company was good enough , he would stay talking until 10 p.m. 
  the man wrote his opus magnum in his lively twenties ( at the time he was even friends with goethe ) . 
  in the last 4 years of his life , he was finally acknowledged , lectures were held about his work and artists came to see him in order to portray him in a portrait or a bust . 
  he was talked about in literary cliques and verses were written about him . 
  his doctor and friend wrote biography about him when he died . 
  if you do n't believe me , i 'll quote magee :  at first sight there seems to have been a lifelong disparity between the content of what schopenhauer said , particularly on paper , and the way he said it . 
  the content was so often negative -- corrosive , sarcastic , derisive , pessimistic , sometimes almost despairing -- yet the manner was always positive , indeed exhilarating . 
  ( ... ) while writing the world as will and representation he noted : the outcome of this knowledge is sad and depressing , but the state of knowing , the acquisition of insight , the penetration of truth , are thoroughly pleasurable -- and , strange to say , add a mixture of sweetness to my bitterness . ', 
  ( ... ) schopenhauer 's behaviour pattern was one which is now familiar to psychiatrists : the solitary who responds to others with unusual intensity and animation , and is sparkling in general company ; who eats all his meals out , finding a special solace in food and drink ; who goes almost nightly to some public entertainment ; who , in short , is always stimulating and yet always himself undergoing stimulation . 
  as for the thing about `` beating his maid , '' you are deliberately painting schopenhauer 's actions in worse light than they should be . 
   in the lodgings where schopenhauer was staying in berlin in 1821 the servantwomen working in the house were in the habit of congregating in his private littlehallway outside his rooms and holding conversations there . 
  he complained , but they persisted . 
  no doubt this was a genuine nuisance to someone doing his kind of work , but over and above that he had an aversion to noise . 
  one day he asked a group of three chattering women to remove themselves . 
  two did , but the third refused . 
  he became threatening . 
  she obstinately refused to budge . 
  he started pushing her , and a tussle ensued which ended with his throwing her down the stairs . 
  she took him to court . 
  i am not saying he was in the right ( even though they had no business being in his private hallway ) , i am saying i understand him . 
  i see his life as deeply inspirational . 
  he dedicated his entire life to a single world view he came up with in his twenties , and when he finished parerga and paralipomena in his later years , he noted that he has finally said everything he wanted to , and that a huge burden was lifted from his shoulders . 
  in the end the effort paid off . 
  sure , he lived mostly solitary life , but i think that he is an example of a man who was destined to live that way . 
  there are hundreds of intellectuals who fit that bill - kant , kierkegaard or nietzsche , who i mentioned above , are another examples of that . 
  it seems to me that you do n't know a lot about schopenhauer . 
  schopenhauer because his ability to convey grandiose ideas in such a vivid and understandable way is unparalleled , and because , as kierkegaard said , he is a perfect disinfection against nonsensical optimism . 
  his aphorisms are also incredibly witty and to the point . 
  camus , sartre , kierkegaard and nietzsche etc. 
  because they realised that being human is a philosophical problem in itself , and rejected cold systematic philosophy ( for ex . 
  hegel ) in favour of one that acknowledges that we as humans are not perfectly rational , and the world maybe is not rational either . 
  kant because he realised that we ca n't explain the world without examining ourselves . 
  i also like the way he looks at ethics . 
  i have to post [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyeyioj37s0 ) as an example of a good czech dubbing . 
  louis de fun\u00e9s himself was very pleasantly surprised and wrote a thanking letter to the voice actor . 
  haha , is that only one actor dubbing all of the characters ? 
  what about inception as po\u010d\u00e1tek instead of vnuknut\u00ed ? 
  i mean both sound weird but vnuknut\u00ed is more accurate as far as the meaning of the word in the context of the film goes .
