  i googled the fachidioten word and its just perfect . 
  your language is very strange but when i want to express a concept and english or czech ca n't do it easily , german for some reason always has a single simple word for it . 
  if you do n't give a shit about philosophy and its not relevant to you , refrain yourself from making philosophical statements as if you are someone knowledgeable about the field . 
  actually refrain yourself from engaging in any way with it until you gain a general idea about the area , the problems it presents and the general history of the subject . 
  just like you would in a technical field . 
  thank you . 
  sincerely , electrical engineering student . 
  not being knowledgeable about something is not bad in itself , being proud of own ignorance sure is though . 
  as a stem myself , i am incredibly saddened that our fields are filled with people like this . 
  the idea of `` renaissance man '' who has basic knowledge about all areas of study has been destroyed and this is the result . 
  i do n't have words that would show how much disdain i have for individuals such as these . 
  * \u201e hurr durr i am the stem i know everything about social sciences because they are useless and i took calc1 !!!, 
  '' * and the recent surge of scientists pretending to be expert philosophers ( dawkins among others ) is just enraging . 
  i wonder how would this guy react if a sociology student came into his technical field and started bullshitting his way through it , completely disregarding any value it has . 
  i do n't get this comment . 
  you 're basically repeating the implication of my post ? 
  congratulations , you just solved the five thousand year old problem of ethics in a single reddit comment without even knowing what 's the definition and usage of the adjective `` moral '' in philosophy . 
  i wonder what amazing progress you could make in the area of aesthetics or ontology , and i am sincerely looking forward to it . 
  sorry then , i interpreted your post wrong . 
  i do n't know about the individualism though . 
  i really like the idea of morality being purely individual matter , it seems very beautiful and elegant to me , but i 've been slowly getting drawn to virtue ethics and macintyre argues its important to set them in a social communitarian context . 
  we live in a society that has little to none collective morals , its very individualistic , and i do n't think we can say that the western society is moral . 
  i mean , the enlightenment set us on a quest to find logical , rational objective moral laws and in its search produced thinkers like nietzsche , moral relativism , postmodern thought - it clearly failed to find anything and instead achieved the complete opposite and now we reap its fruits . 
  i think the catastrophical disaster that is the spectacle of modern politics and public life in general is caused by our society resigning on the idea of public/common good . 
  and when there is no concept of public good ( apart from basic law , whose survival of enlightenment i think proves there is some objectivity to morality in the end ) its hard for people to know whats good or bad , so they just choose the way of least resistance . 
  i think our search for objective ethics should look into small communities , basic simple traditions , roles and social contexts . 
  find virtue in being good friends to our friends , good fathers to our children , good politicians to our people , good teachers to our students , etc. 
  good in these ethics arises from the fact that there are more people at play , not just one . 
  this is all very simple and i am an engineer student not philosophy one so its just layman thinking based on some stuff i read but i kind of identify with it . 
  i used to be very individualist but i think we ca n't ignore society 's role in personal morality . 
  well played . 
  are you seriously implying there has to be a scientific study concluding your ethnicity is '' \u00fcbermensch '' in order to possibly justify one 's desire to marry and reproduce with someone from your own people ? 
  i would make a joke about your flag but honestly your post made me freeze and stare at a wall numbly for 5 minutes contemplating how could someone possibly develop in a way that ended with this kind of thinking . 
  what ? 
  it 's their right to reproduce with whoever they like . 
  if they want to keep their ethnicity going , what 's wrong with that ? 
  i hope you 're not someone who would force them to do otherwise . 
  there was this bad person in history who would try to make certain ethnicities disappear and your stance reminds me of something he would do if he lived today . 
  i 'm sure you know him . 
  morality is about discerning good or bad . 
  moral act is by definition the thing you ought to do . 
  you replying `` good '' means you have moral opinions too - everyone has - though they are probably not very sophisticated because people who would applaud the presumed end of moral values are often edgelords not very educated in ethics . 
  i do n't see that as the case . 
  i am saying that getting more tolerant and open is non viable and did n't help so far . 
  i am not saying there is only one other option , i am not presenting a dilemma at all . 
  i am only saying that the one option we chose does n't work and its probably exhausted anyway . 
  does n't mean there is only one possibility left and i was n't implying that . 
  there is no dilemma . 
  we ca n't get more tolerant and more welcoming in response to these attacks , there 's nowhere left to go in that direction and it definitely did n't help so far anyway . 
  also who cares what isis says . 
  of course its their goal . 
  but just because its their goal it does n't mean it would n't be good for us too . 
  there is such thing as a forced move : the opponent wants you to do it , but its also objectively best thing to do in that situation . 
  this `` just do opposite of what terrorists want '' approach is getting funny , really . 
  when an attack happens , everyone goes `` we ca n't let terrorists change us , we must be even more friendly and progressive in spite because that 's what they do n't want us to be ! '', 
  but at this point one could very well ask the question * could this be exactly what they want ? 
  * after all , it would make more attacks even easier . 
  and our reactions are so predictable and same every time , if they wanted different results , they would have tried different methods . 
  but they keep doing the same thing . 
  maybe its because they like the reactions they get . 
  this `` circular '' paradox of not playing into the opponents hands with our limited knowledge is fucking us over . 
  the solution is simple - just take a bit of inspiration from alexander and the gordian knot . 
  do n't give a fuck about what they want at all . 
  give a fuck about what we want . 
  i ca n't help it but polish sounds like a toothless drunk person who stopped developing mentally at 3 trying to speak . 
  i know you guys think the same about our language but streamlining our grammar and getting rid of all the funny and redundant letters and nasals needlessly lengthening your words was unarguably good move . 
  polish seems so cluttered and messy . 
  well , depends . 
  someone would rather always choose to live than die , but i can see what you mean and mostly agree . 
  but i would n't decide on punishment only - there is also the financial expense and prevention factor . 
  and i think death penalty is better in that regard . 
  by the way i love how so many people are against death penalty because we should n't focus on punishing and focus on rehab . 
  i am not saying you 're one of them but its funny how the argument which appeared is for punishment not rehab . 
  if prison systems want to rehab not punish but know the person in question will never be released there is no point in rehabing and not executing them if there is no chance of executing someone wrongly ( they admitted , or direct evidence ) . 
  i am no expert on the case but yeah to me it seems like he is either bored or just trolling norweigan justice system . 
  i think the person should be executed but i think he understands his actions well enough to know he deserves nothing better . 
  so absolute monarchy would be fascist by default ? 
  i 'm sorry but fascism is a bit more specific than this . 
  nah , we just like to outsource our idiots to prague . 
  we get rid of them and prague gets a bigger collection than it already is . 
  win/win if you ask me . 
  i know right ? 
  its great to see anti-religion opinions on reddit at last !, 
   trump : ** god ** emperor of the united western commonwealth [ ftfy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fmychqg.jpg ), 
  can you elaborate on the decrease of women 's rights ? 
  that is correct , our pm is the powerful one . 
  he 's an idiot too , but he 's polite and diplomatic in his conduct , so he has that going for him . 
  i did n't vote at all in those elections . 
  it was a lose/lose situation , i usually choose not to play when those come up . 
  and if you read my posts you would get that i am in general agreement that the guy is a drunkard pig . 
  i am just saying he 's intelligent , he knows what he 's doing , he 's trolling our whole nation quite masterfully and that we perfectly deserve it . 
  but thanks for speaking on my behalf , appreciate that mate . 
  i 'll let you know when i need the services of spokesperson . 
  i did n't say anything about expected behaviour . 
  i was talking about required , as in morally required , behaviour . 
  i 'll give you an example : you just insulted me , so naturally i expect you to behave indecently in the future . 
  you still have moral duty to behave decently no matter what though . 
  that 's what i wrote . 
  i can write it once again if you want . 
  well i mostly agree .
