  its just that criticising the president is pointless because if he doesnt commit high treason there is nothing you can do to change him . 
  now i mostly laugh . 
  he 's a degenerate , but entertaining and smart one . 
  even if this were true , he was democratically elected . 
  people probably wanted the jester , and if they did n't , they should n't have voted for him and should be angry at themselves , not him . 
  using his own words , you can either vote him out of office , or use a kalashnikov . 
  this is democracy . 
  you do n't get to cherrypick . 
  if you think democracy is broken bullshit , i agree . 
  but we ca n't be hypocrites . 
  for now its what we have , so we got ta play by the rules and follow them to their logical consequences . 
  zeman , babi\u0161 , trump , merkel ... they are all a part of them . 
  \u010ce\u0161ka means czech woman in czech . 
  i think all people are equally required to behave decently . 
  both fail to do so . 
  well pussy riot are n't real class act either . 
  how can you seriously expect him to respect the nation that elected him ? 
  our president is a masterful troll . 
  every country gets the president it deserves . 
  if the refugee crisis taught us anything , its that he 's still better than schwarzenberg . 
  which is either horribly sad or terribly funny , depending on whether you like to watch the world burn or not . 
  hmm . 
  depends on how they want to make this a reality but the goal itself reasonable to me . 
  thanks . 
  can you elaborate on the `` regressive family policies '' ? 
  nobody is stopping you from integrating in france or germany , plenty of people doing it these days , 
  b-but i do n't want to integrate further :(, 
  depends on the criteria . 
  in order to have a 1 000 mw solar plant you need 130 kilometres squared of land ( that could 've been used for fields or just about anything , really , so that is an additional cost ) , and its construction and function is going to produce 80-220 grams of co2 per each kilowatthour produced , while for a 1 000 mw nuclear plant you need only 10 kilometres squared , and its construction and function are going to produce only 5-35 grams of carbon dioxide per kwh produced . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , but how is that possible ? 
  is n't that something everyone should have at least a basic idea about ? 
  just like physics , math , biology , chemistry , literature and such classes which i assume you have , plus philosophy , law and economics at high/grammar school level . 
  obviously slovakia , but i think i know a lot about slovenia too . 
  our geography classes were pretty good . 
  i was a bit astounded by the other thread , are people not paying attention at school or is our education system not as fucked as theirs ? 
   tusk says that the eu can make itself less attractive to refugees , but that 's not the solution we want . 
  why ? 
  seems like the perfect solution to me . 
  i think its because a lot of these problems are grounded in human nature . 
  we are not tabula rasa . 
  democracy would work much better if we were , but we 're not . 
  and these problems are n't ever going away as long as humanity exists and democracy stays . 
  the question is whether the pro 's of democracy outweigh the con 's . 
  personally , i think it 's close enough to warrant a discussion about this . 
  i was not implying the czech republic has got a solution . 
  women entering the workforce and sexual revolution abolished family-oriented values and now we are reaping what we sowed . 
  immigration is not the solution though . 
  not long term , not short term either . 
  that 's not a proper solution . 
  we should aspire to make marrying and reproducing a viable choice for educated and skilled middle-class native people . 
  otherwise the only people who will be reproducing will be the poor , uneducated ones , which causes huge problems down the road . 
  i do n't think its binary . 
  surely there are ways to make czk a bit stronger and skilled worker wages higher without jumping on the wobbly ship that is euro . 
  as far as i know there is no greater czechia proposal ... ... because we are the greatest already : ^ ), 
  i do n't think we have one . 
  technological progress can mask social and cultural decay for only so long . 
  definitely , and i wish for the discussion to happen , but maybe the discussion wo n't help either . 
  lately i 've been thinking whether it 's possible for a technologically advanced society to retain traditional , family oriented values . 
  maybe its a either/or situation . 
  maybe technology , internet etc. 
  always result through indirect means in the demographical and social mess we are in . 
  i do n't know but it may be worth exploring . 
  i have no idea how to deal with it , if it eventually showed to be true , though , so i hope it 's not the case . 
  demographical , cultural and social decay and ruin . 
  so no change at all , just continuing on the trajectory outlined decades ago , heading to its logical conclusion . 
  same case in czech republic , all gun permit exams are full months in advance and the guy who runs my local shooting range is the happiest he has ever been . 
  he also says its no longer possible to buy shotguns in austria as they were all sold out . 
  agreed . 
  starting at 30 is definitely too late , there are too many health risks for both mother and the child . 
  as you say , people 's view on starting families has changed , but i still think its a `` side effect '' of the changes i mentioned . 
  had neither of those things happened , we would still have regular proper traditional families with lots of kids . 
  once women entered the workforce , one income families stopped being viable for most people , while earlier it was the norm . 
  once sexual revolution happened , sexual behavior of most people changed dramatically in a way that does n't lead to or support making strong families as much , if at all . 
  i just do n't think that a society which underwent these `` revolutions '' can ever have high birthrates without immigrants , which is obviously just delaying the problem and when it blows up its only going to be worse . 
  what i think is the most interesting question is whether its possible for a modern , technologically advanced society , to not undergo these changes and retain traditional family and children oriented values , as far as sexual behavior , families and reproduction are concerned . 
  or is it just inevitable once you reach a certain point ? 
  if so , i am afraid its going to be the bottleneck for homogenous states and decay/loss of identity is the only possible outcome . 
  i think women mostly still want kids , they always will want them eventually , the biological clock is real after all , but the big societal changes i mentioned altered the rules of the game in such a way that women ( and men ) would have to sacrifice much to have them , a sacrifice many prefer not to make . 
  the sexual and workforce revolution happened ( due to factors like feminism , contraceptives and many others ) , shaped society and changed its course , people naturally reacted to the new societal circumstances by developing new mindsets and lifestyles ( often focused on careers ) , which however do n't lead to high birth rates . 
  that 's how i see it , i agree with you , i just think it all comes back to a single cause . 
  he was , and as events of past year have shown , still is the better alternative . 
  i think that \u201e how starting a family and having children is thought of `` is strongly affected by the fact that our society underwent a sexual revolution and the entire female populace entered the workforce . 
  i think that the change in how people think about starting families ( compared to hundred or even fifty years ago ) is a direct result of the big societal changes i mentioned . 
  this is just my opinion , but i strongly suspect that its not possible for a nation , which underwent sexual revolution and whose entire female populace entered the workforce , to have strong birthrates ever again . 
  i just ca n't see any incentives being effective any more . 
  still not an argument for mass immigration though , especially from very different cultures . 
  exactly . 
  it may not be 100 % appropriate but he 's right and its not a threat , but a statement . 
  its fashionable to hate on zeman , and some of the reasons are legitimate ( his needlessly pro-russian stance etc. ), 
  but this is not one of them . 
  i 've lost the last bits of respect for n\u011bmcov\u00e1 tbh . 
  i love the `` oh no , its going to help the right wingers ! '', 
  comments . 
  if thats your first and worst worry in this migration crisis , then its obvious why there is the crisis and why the governments do these things in the first place . 
  christianity indeed was a problem . 
  its no longer a problem , though , and it has n't been for centuries , because it accepted officially that the bible was written by men , not god himself . 
  this allowed them to reform , hold councils , international meetings etc. 
  in the middle ages and brought us today 's world , whether you like it or not . 
  people forget , but it was christianity that was the vanguard of progress and democracy , these ideas came from christian thinkers in 17-18th centuries , christianity allowed these ideas ( especially protestantism , even though protestantism is n't flawless in any way ) . 
  i think they actually stem from christianity , and i am saying that as an atheist .
