  i too thought schwarzenberg would have been the dignified choice but his latest views show that he would have absolutely been a disaster in the midst of the refugee crisis , among others . 
  he is a leftist and eurofederalist and he would n't be any better than zeman . 
  a man who is willingly connected to the top09 scam could never be trustworthy . 
  so , to answer your question : this is democracy . 
  you expect good leaders ? 
  then yes , you truly are asking too much . 
  do n't hate the player , hate the game . 
  he was , sadly , better than the alternative . 
  for some reason i had n't received a message that you replied since now . 
  anyway , yes , i am just repeating hypothetical could bes . 
  i am not trying to convince anyone here that we have reached a point where everything is decaying and straight up goes to shit . 
  my role here , as i see it , is to show that there is a possibility that this could happen and that it might not even be that far away . 
  i think about this a lot and as far as i know absolute majority of internet goers , especially reddit ones , never even realised this position exists . 
  i do n't want to sell them on the message yet , i just want to get the foot in , so to say . 
  acknowledge , entertain the possibility , think . 
  that 's all . 
  i know that winning arguments on the internet is impossible . 
  the battlefield is not in comment fields but in heads of each and every one of us . 
  i just provide the ammunition , in a way . 
  also i do n't see how you arrived at the presumption of mine that every progress is tied to economy . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  there has been a strong correlation so far between economical and technological progress , but personally i believe that social progress is so overinflated that we ca n't engage in any meaningful discussion about the general idea of it . 
  i think that there are several issues where we already overshot the correct position and several where we still have to hit the gas in order to reach it . 
  but i do n't want to prove that or anything , its too soon for that and no one would care . 
  i just want to get the discussion going . 
  100 % atheist but lately i feel like i have more in common with christian folks than anyone else . 
  i did n't mean that in absolute terms , but maybe there are areas of public life where a change in any direction would be bad . 
  that does n't matter , though . 
  what matters is that there is no discussion about this . 
  everybody blindly believes in infinite social progress and anyone who questions progressive policies like diversity/gender quotas , welfare , mass immigration , abortion etc. 
  is quickly labeled enemy of progress ( in the best case ) no matter their actual argument . 
  what 's funny is that most of these progressivists do n't believe in infinite economic growth , but infinite social progress for some reason makes sense to them , but whatever . 
  i do n't believe people changed that much since several thousand years ago . 
  our society did , our politics and ideas did , but people themselves on biological or psychological level stay pretty much the same . 
  there could be a point in the future , and maybe we have reached it already in some special issues , when our ideas about governing our species , however beautiful or noble , will no longer be applicable or relevant in our biological or psychological reality . 
  i admit i have n't followed corbyn that much because from what i knew he seemed unelectable from the start but from what you write he definitely seems reactionary enough . 
  i 'll have to look into this `` reactionary left '' more , if only for some laughs and sighs . 
  which definition ? 
  why should we agree with it ? 
  you present no arguments . 
  i do n't know about other boards , but / mu / is the single best place for discussing or getting recommendations of non-mainstream music on the internet . 
  i admit its not possible to say that all leftists are progressive , lately there have been some reactionary hardcore leftist ideas flying around , corbyn is example of that ( though he is still pro-refugee , which i deem progressive ) , but i think that most of the leftists in the west , including socdem parties , so called leftist liberals , leftist academia , tumblr-ite leftism and such , could be labeled progressive . 
  that 's just a consequence of their increasingly progressive ideas which are no longer in touch with reality , they do n't want it per se . 
  they still sincerely believe they are progressing in the correct and only way , towards something better . 
  their ideas are definitely not something you 'd find in early 1800 's newspapers . 
  they are progressivists . 
  they are changing society into a new , never before seen state . 
  i mean , i think there is a misconception or a prejudice or something , but i think more people have to realise it . 
  progress , in the political sense , is n't always good . 
  some people , like you , for example , think that leftists are doing bad things and * therefore * they 're not progressive . 
  thats a bad way of thinking for various reasons . 
  they are progressive , * and * they are doing bad things . 
  why ? 
  progress is incredibly tricky concept in politics , because everybody has some kind of idea about it but its hard to work with it . 
  what are we progressing to ? 
  is there a point where we would say `` neat , now we have progressed enough , let 's sit back and conserve this state '' ? 
  are we progressing in the correct direction ? 
  is it possible to have `` infinite progress '' ? 
  is that which lies at the figurative `` end of progress '' , whether it lies in finite or infinite distance , even good for us ? 
  does true social/political progress even exist ? 
  if so , is it linear with upwards slope , like the technological one , or is it cyclical , spiral-like ( maybe like hegel 's thesis/antithesis/synthesis spiral for all i know ) ? 
  nobody is asking these questions , and personally , i think you ca n't find more important ones to ask , especially right now . 
  personally , i think that modern leftism is , at least in western countries , progressing for the sake of progress , not for the sake of general well being - at least in the general sense . 
  new left loves progress so hard they can never be content , their ideology is incompatible with ideal state , because that would make the ideology of progressivism obsolete . 
  there is always something to be pushed further , even if it means overshooting the goal totally . 
  this is why some leftists are getting increasingly stranger , crazier , out of touch with anything real or sensible ( zizek wrote or talked about it , i think - he 's the old leftist type but he looks at the new left with suspicion just as i do ) . 
  not because they are regressive , but because they are progressive . 
  just look at your pm - he uses the fact that the current year is 2015 to justify diversity and gender quotas . 
  just the year . 
  this is the cult of progress and its looking more like religion every single year . 
  this does n't mean i want to go back to stone age , i just wish there was a public discourse about this kind of stuff . 
  the opposite of progressive is reactionary ( in political science , at least ) . 
  left wingers are not reactionary though , they definitely are progressive , because they do n't wish to return society to an earlier state , which is the definition of political reaction , and they are not conservative either . 
  reactionaries , at least today , are pretty much exclusively traditionalist right wing . 
  the only feminists who truly wanted equality died out a few decades ago . 
  not that i 'd agree with them , but at least they were fair . 
  true . 
  thus proving that it was merkel and her collegues who fucked up , not her electorate or germany as a whole . 
  personally i do n't get why there is so small interest in napoleonic wars games/movies/shows . 
  it would n't have to follow napoleon only , there are tens of interesting figures , including rulers , generals , diplomats ( just metternich would be worthy of his own movie ) and nobles . 
  so much was happening during this time , i am sure scriptwriters could fit several interesting stories inside . 
  just look at war and peace . 
  i was n't talking about the numbers . 
  i just said that it happened here too . 
  afaik one family received full medical care for a child here and then left for germany immediately . 
  happened here too . 
  well , men * are * stronger , but they ca n't fight back or else * they * are the ones who get arrested and jailed . 
  and if they do n't fight back they should keep it to themselves or be labelled weak and unmanly . 
  the solution is simple : our culture has to realise that men can legitimately defend themselves from women too . 
  then women would n't abuse men as often if they knew they could fight back . 
  i do n't know a single person in favor of mass immigration . 
  we have a saying in czech republic : crows sit with crows . 
  that 's honorable i guess , but i do n't think its a useful and valid viewpoint in this world . 
  peoples lives are more important than positivity in my opinion . 
  i am not saying hate is ideal , but hating what is a straight up backwards barbaric and violent culture seems like a sign of good mental health . 
  i agree that we ca n't increase security at the expense of laws that sacrifice our liberty . 
  that 's why i said we should move the frontline from our cities to the border areas , which we could potentially control with the help of military forces , border guards , police . 
   not really , the terrorists are pushing us to react , but the substance of our reaction is entirely up to us and does n't have to be what the terrorists wanted . 
  i do n't think you understood what i meant but that does n't matter . 
  i agree .
