  put pressure on your representatives to act in your best interests . 
  other countries are not required to suffer bad policymaking from the german side . 
  i know we czechs managed to come out pretty much unscathed because we do n't give out money easily and we check our trains rigorously which makes the migrants take different routes , but we were still pressured and criticised by the western leaders for our selfishness . 
  sure but you do n't even need that . 
  stalin certainly did n't need any religion to justify his crimes to himself . 
  shitty people will be shitty , period . 
  look , it 's pretty comfortable and easy to throw all religions into one bag , but the proper way to think about the terrorism issue is to start by realizing that there is a reason christians do n't go around blowing people up , shooting up mosques , cutting imams heads or running people over in the name of christ almighty . 
  and i say this as an atheist living in one of the most atheist countries in the world . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  there were like 5-6 terrorist attacks in europe in the last two or three weeks . 
  protesting gay marriage or women 's rights or whatever christians protested 70 years ago is one thing . 
  suicide bombing , stabbing women , killing gays etc is still something that they would do far less likely than muslims even at that time . 
  because christianity for the last century or two mostly respects rule of state , secular law , which islam opposes with its sharia concept . 
  my argument is that christians may disagree , but they will seldom commit terrorism over it . 
  which party wants two speed eu ? 
  it is advancement : a change forward , in an unknown direction . 
  does n't mean it has to be good though . 
  he is not a philosopher by education , he is a neuroscientist . 
  of the so called four horsemen of new atheism : dawkins , harris , hitchens and dennett , only dennett is an educated philosopher and is taken seriously ( very seriously actually ) . 
  thats probably correct , but i still object to the term because as other user said , it `` re-enshrines progress '' . 
  the hyperprogressivists do these things because they worship progress : if we label them as regressives , we basically say that that their kind of progress is not our kind of progress , but implicitly suggest that progress definitely is the one true cult . 
  this just leads to repeating their mistakes . 
  if we want to learn from their mistakes , we have to realize why they did them and dont do them . 
  oh , ignore the racist part . 
  reddit 's philosophy community is very leftist , just as most of the academia , and racism is such an empty buzzword these days . 
  what i want to point out is that he is the prime example of a new phenomenon : acclaimed successful scientist , who sees philosophers as doing nearly nothing at all and decides to show them how easy their work is , because , well , science is the answer to anything !, 
  his arguments , philosophical knowledge , knowledge of history of philosophy etc. 
  are very bad . 
  its similar to richard dawkins : i am an atheist , but the guy should have stayed in biology . 
  philosophy is a difficult subject , the most rigorous humanity science there is , and their approach to it is disrespectful . 
  every party asserts to provide better future . 
  surely all parties are not progressive though ? 
  look , the most basic division of political movements based on their relation to ** change ** is this : * conservative : those who preserve status quo * reactionaries : those who try to revert society to an earlier status * progressive : those who wish to change society into a new , never before seen state what i reiterate this whole thread is that people have forgotten this . 
  its an old division , and some people do n't like it because they 've grown accustomed to the whole progress = good because they think that political progressive movements are akin to technological progress which is easy to measure and talk about , but thats not true . 
  political progressivism is a completely different beast and judging and labelling parties based on whether they change society for the better is obviously utter bullshit . 
  have you read my post ? 
  we are talking political discourse here and in politics , progressivism is not defined by a `` movement that changes things for the better '' . 
  i mostly agree with your post but please note that [ sam harris is a terrible , terrible philosopher ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophyfaq/comments/4i89pc/whats_wrong_with_sam_harris_why_do_philosophers/ ) . 
  defining progress as change for the better and regression as change for the worse in a political discussion is absolutely useless because a ) there is no way to objectively judge what is better and worse and b ) everyone , including conservatives and reactionaries , the opposite of progressives , believe they are changing things for the better . 
  if you want the label to mean anything in political discourse and not just become a meaningless buzzword , its much more useful to define progressivists as people who subscribe to a certain intellectual tradition that does n't wish to conserve the current state nor return to a previous one , but that wishes to transform the society to a different , never before seen state , and preferably never stop this constant change ( because they define themselves as progressivists , if they ever stopped changing society into new states , they would stop being progressive and lose their label - infinite change is their ideological core ) . 
  there is no value judgement in that definition ( this definition is n't dependent on what we think is for the better or for worse ) , i 'd argue its pretty objective and easy to discern , and thus is useful way to talk about political movements such as progressivism . 
  utilitarianism is not a proven fact , and consequentialism as a whole is highly questionable . 
  if anything , i believe virtue ethics is the only normative ethical theory capable of helping modern man in modern society . 
  note that virtue ethics are not moral relativism . 
  i am not a moral relativist . 
  i just advocate for the devil when its necessary to show that things are not as simple as you wish them to be . 
  utilitarianism , and pragmatism especially , are things i ca n't believe people base their ideas of good on . 
  results over intentions as an ethical theory is such an ugly principle . 
  by the way , where have i rationalized failed , immoral , radical or murderous ideologies ? 
  historians can write down and analyze history , they can say what events and policies benefited whom , but they can not answer what is good . 
  thats a job for the philosophers , and as it goes with philosophical questions , answering the objectively and in a final manner is nigh impossible . 
  its not because they are doing a bad job at philosophy either . 
  how can you objectively prove that human rights actually exist in the first place or that equality is desirable at all ? 
  by the way , if i had to choose one principle to base my judgements upon , it would be liberty . 
  personally i 'd even say `` libert\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 , egalit\u00e9 '' should be the correct order . 
  and no , i do n't think a rational person in this day and age can believe that those three ideals never clash - they do clash , they do so often , and we have to prioritise one of them else we never dig out of this mess . 
  the so called `` regressive leftists '' , or what i prefer to call hyperprogressives , chose equality . 
  i strongly suggest liberty is the correct answer . 
  but this is all just a subjective sidenote . 
  they do n't either . 
  in order to define good policymaking you need to define what is good . 
  and thats probably the most important philosophical question since the dawn of written word , and i seriously doubt there is one single answer that can be undisputably proven , a definition of good that would hold regardless of society , culture , personal values and opinions , maybe even regardless of species . 
  a proof of mathematical certainty . 
  come on . 
  proving what is good is not as easy as proving 1 +1 = 2 . 
  its near impossible . 
  what the policymakers and analysts can judge are the effects of the policies , who profits and who hurts as their result , their efficiency , the stats , the numbers . 
  but they can not solve ethics , and ethics are at the core of all politics . 
  two speed europe is a necessity . 
  thank you for your comment !, 
  re-enshrining progress is exactly what i want to fight against , you put it into words very succinctly and truthfully . 
  it 's also true that our european continental discourse grows different from the anglo one . 
  it shows a lot when american redditors comment on our politics . 
  that may be true but then it 's just a comprehension mistake on their part . 
  i am not a fan of immigration of incompatible cultures at all . 
  i just think that labeling people that allow this regressive because what they do is bad ignores why they do these things in the first place . 
  assuming you have objective description of what good and bad in policymaking and politics are . 
  which you do n't . 
  thanks for the insightful post . 
  i 'll admit that thinking this through will take me some time and i do n't want to make up some bullshit rebuttal on the spot so i concede for now . 
  i appreciate you taking my thoughts seriously . 
  too many people just downvote away . 
  i confess that sometimes i write things too provocatively but thats precisely because i want to start a discussion , but it seems like reddit 's is seldom the right platform to go against the majority . 
  okay . 
  i am just going to copy paste one of my other comments because it disputes your assumptions and you 've probably not read it . 
  defining progress as change for the better and regression as change for the worse in a political discussion is absolutely useless because a ) there is no way to objectively judge what is better and worse and b ) everyone , including conservatives and reactionaries , the opposite of progressives , believe they are changing things for the better . 
  if you want the label to mean anything in political discourse and not just become a meaningless buzzword , its much more useful to define progressivists as people who subscribe to a certain intellectual tradition that does n't wish to conserve the current state nor return to a previous one , but that wishes to transform the society to a different , never before seen state , and preferably never stop this constant change ( because they define themselves as progressivists , if they ever stopped changing society into new states , they would stop being progressive and lose their label - infinite change is their ideological core ) . 
  there is no value judgement in that definition ( this definition is n't dependent on what we think is for the better or for worse ) , i 'd argue its pretty objective and easy to discern , and thus is useful way to talk about political movements such as progressivism . 
  great post , thanks for writing it down . 
  certainly a lot of food for thought . 
  personally i do n't like identifying progressivism with the words freedom , prosperity , inclusion , equality and security . 
  its hard to find a party or a movement in this age that opposes those , but some of those parties are clearly followers of the conservative right wing tradition , not the modern leftist one . 
  and its even harder to objectively judge what changes caused most freedom , most prosperity , most equality etc. 
  because changes often have unexpected consequences ( a reactionary party can fuck up and make a law that unexpectedly leads to progressive results , but that does n't make them progressives ) , helping group a can hurt group b and other effects like that which make objective judgement pretty much impossible - its always most freedom * for whom * , most equality * for whom * , and sometimes even that is hard to say . 
  thats why i avoided linking those big , general , universally good , hard to define and hard to measure ideals to the term . 
  progressives of today , the ones you call regressive left , certainly identify with those ideals , but whether they fulfil them is impossible to say . 
  you would say they do n't fulfil them , i 'd say they do n't fulfil them either , but they certainly agree with them and declare that they have a monopoly on their interpretation - and that 's the only thing we can say with absolute certainty , and that 's the thing we should base our definitions on . 
  sure , i agree with you in that the `` regressive left '' discards basic principles as rights and equality and that is not compatible with what the moderate left stands for , but i think the relationship between the `` regressive '' and moderate left is more nuanced and more symbiotic than it looks . 
  i believe that these `` regressive leftists '' are the true , purest progressives in my definition of the word : they take the progressive idea and take it to its logical conclusion . 
  they are the vanguard of the leftist thought , the extremists who pave the way for a moderate , slowly advancing , creeping version of leftwing politics .
