  but this means we can do what they * do want * too . 
  they want us to hate them , to make our society hostile to them . 
  why not ? 
  i for one am okay with that . 
  let them hate us , let us hate them . 
  its better than let innocent europeans die . 
  i 'd always choose to go into war with the toxic and barbaric culture of islam rather than be afraid that thats what they want , purposely do nothing , and get killed at a rock concert . 
  that 's true , there needs to be something done about the saudis . 
  so what would you propose ? 
  nothing ? 
  i am tired of the `` the terrorists want us to do x , they want us to do y , we ca n't do that , we must do the opposite !, 
  we must be strong and united !!! '', 
  argument . 
  one could say that thinking like that is admitting terrorists govern our minds and actions as well . 
  the truth is , whatever we do about this will be directly dictated by them . 
  so we can do fucking anything because we do n't have to pretend how they ca n't do us no harm and how tough and nice and perfect society we are . 
  this is no time for posturing and stroking our awesome humanistic egalitarian and multicultural egos . 
  its time for a solution that will guarantee safety of european countries , ** whatever the cost ** . 
  and that means abandoning ideologies that obviously do n't work in practice too . 
  we , as a culture , have a duty to preserve our values , freedom and safety - to ourselves and to our children . 
  if we ca n't fulfil this duty , we should n't play gods and play with fire . 
  how many more times do we have to get burnt ? 
  yes , one of the terrorists was a native . 
  everybody knows that the integration idea is a massive fuckup . 
  we can maybe manage to integrate the first generation - we ca n't do that with the further ones . 
  solution ? 
  i 'll leave that one up to you . 
  well , there are always nukes ... 
  in all seriousness , this problem has no decent solutions . 
  i just think we should focus on making europe safe for europeans , whatever the cost . 
  this should be priority no . 
  everything else comes second . 
  absolutely agreed . 
  going into war or making a surveillance state out of france will only hurt the natives . 
  just make outer schengen borders as tight as possible . 
  stop the refugee flow . 
  do n't get involved in middle east at all . 
  no aid , no funding , no backing , nothing . 
  build an impenetrable wall , sit back and watch them rot . 
  there is no better solution . 
  in czech republic the few crowns you pay for plastic bags usually go to pay for some tree-planting or other ecological stuff , so there is another dimension to that . 
  we have plenty of better ones tbh . 
  the newer ones mostly suck but the 90s to early 2000s were great . 
  after all we got oscar for kolja . 
  when looking for a czech movie to watch you can check its ratings on csfd.cz to see if its worth it . 
  70 % and above is good . 
  i can also recommend samot\u00e1\u0159i or dobr\u00fd voj\u00e1k \u0160vejk , though the latter one is very popular amongst foreign people because the books inspired heller to make catch 22 so you probably watched it already . 
  most czech comedies ( except the truly shit vulgar ones ) are like that . 
  i do n't particularly like most czech films but its undeniable we ( used to ) make pretty original comedies . 
  my personal favourite is pel\u00ed\u0161ky , which has cult status here and is the perfect embodiment of czech humour . 
  there are n't even that many here in brno . 
  prague is full of those , including jewish synagogues and such . 
  we have orthodox church though , which is neat . 
  churches are nice buildings and great concert halls . 
  we have coop too . 
  its logo is orange i think . 
  no idea if affiliated with another one . 
  by that logic laws in general are essentially forcing religion/traditions/philosophies / opinions/political ideologies on you too . 
  i 'd probably vote for czexit too , but ideally i 'd just like some kind of semi-membership . 
  i would n't consider top09 rightwing ( and its the only truly eu friendly party ) . 
  i am with you , i think there should be a serious discourse about the downsides of democracy as a concept in general ( not just different interpretations , like social democracy etc. , but democracy as a principle that has taken over the western political thought ) . 
  i do n't believe its the best we have anymore and i do n't believe it can be applied to every single culture/nation on the planet with great or even comparable results . 
  this is too universalistic and idealistic . 
  just look at middle east/africa . 
  its a total disaster . 
  they need dictatorship , there is just no other way . 
  but even in the west , there are many , many upsides of monarchy ( the kind where the ruler has worthwhile amount of power ) and the downsides are not nearly as bad as people paint them ( the one people always come up with being `` what if bad ruler comes to throne ? '' ) . 
  they have to realise we do n't live in medieval world anymore , things that could fly back then could n't today because of technology and globalisation . 
  i think there is no doubt monarchy is a much much safer choice than rampant capitalism and countries led by companies , which is the current trajectory of the west i am afraid . 
  i hope people will realise this guy is liberal leftist version of a tv evangelist . 
  czech can into education !, 
  glad to see something positive about my country for a change . 
  that goes without saying , after all it 's geography , 
  do you guys learn flags in school ? 
  our geography class made us remember flags , capitals and locations of like eighty countries - all of european ones , most of american , more than half of african ( that was pretty hardcore to be honest ) and such . 
  everybody who follows the news knows that all of those apart from being fed up with traditional parties have been proven false , but you 're probably right in that those may be the actual reasons , even though they are factually bollocks . 
  anyway the reason i despise the guy is the fact that the party has no ideological core , no political programme . 
  i ca n't ever respect a party that is held together by a single man 's interests , not by an ideological consensus . 
  thats why the commies seem more respectable to me : they are wrong , but at least you can be sure about what their programme and ideology looks like and that they are n't going to compromise some of their key tenets . 
  when a party like ano one has no actual ideology or programme , it does n't subscribe to some kind of political framework , it implies to me that they are going to flexibly turn cloaks whenever needed to stay in power . 
  not completely precise , but close enough . 
  i do n't understand how someone could vote for him , even commies seem like a more respectable choice to me and thats coming from a conservative . 
  so the people who think and still follow them are alright , right ? 
  public services and all services for that matter should be strictly meritocratic in their recruiting approach . 
  well the fact he gets paid for doing so little proves him right in a way . 
  pretty triggered , even more so given that pilsner urquell is not even that amazing brand of beer . 
  sad to see how we could 've been real major players on the european market if it were not for the commies . 
  you keep repeating that austria has better stats and has nearly as many muslims as france to ( presumably ) prove that muslims are not the cause of the problem in france , but i do n't see that . 
  your muslims could be better integrated due to either your politics or your lack of colonial past and old ties with mena countries , and not allowed to make parallel bubble societies for their extremist views to flourish like they are in france , which is why your rates could be better and muslims could still be the problem in france . 
  i do n't know the cause of the problem in france but i do n't think your remarks prove anything at all . 
  i think its perfectly possible that certain groups within society could be responsible for more crime than their relative size suggests . 
  it could be surprising only to people who think that all groups are absolutely equal , have equal upbringing , culture , living conditions etc. 
  there is no reason to believe crimerates distribute equally among all groups in society relative to their size . 
  they do n't . 
  look at us : african-americans are 13 % of their pop , but commit 52 % of all murders , while caucasians are 77 % of pop , but commit only 45 % of all murders . 
  still , normal does n't always mean good . 
  thanks !, 
  we may not score as high on the well-being index , but i would n't want to live anywhere else . 
  maybe its because they want the 72 virgins and recognition from allah ? 
  why would they care about whether infidel scum like us put clown noses on their photos in the newspaper the day after when they are chilling in heaven as martyrs and godfearing warriors ?
