  austrians should n't buy our energy though . 
  or at least we should n't sell it to them . 
  it 's hypocritical of them . 
  chernobyl is irrelevant . 
  old tech and incompetent staff , also what they did was highly irregular , it did n't happen during normal function . 
  what happened there is impossible with current tech . 
  fukushima was just retarded , but stuff like this just happens in asia for some reason . 
  one would guess they have enough experiences with tsunamis , earthquakes , tectonically active areas and monsoons to know that when building just about anything you have to keep those things in mind . 
  similar thing to the huge dam that 's cracking in china and threatening tens of millions of people . 
  that 's just incompetent engineering . 
  the japanese knew the area was unstable for a long long time and still built the power plant . 
  i do n't know why , maybe there were shady deals involved or the head engineers just wanted to complete the project so they could put it on their resume , but it backfired . 
  it was quite a special situation though . 
  nothing that could happen here in czech republic . 
  based on your previous arguments i 'm sure you 'll say that one ca n't rule out the possibility of a huge quake and tsunami in dukovany either . 
  that 's true but i can say that the engineers who built our plants made it quake proof at least . 
  do n't know about tsunamis , but i 'll risk a tsunami in brno to get huge amounts of cheap and clean energy any day . 
  the amount of damage nuclear plant disasters have done is completely negligible compared to the rest . 
  more people die annualy working at every single type of power plant there is than at nuclear ones , including solar . 
  do n't even get me started on the recent reactor models that are physically incapable of melting down , because as soon as anything goes wrong , the reaction naturally stops , independent of power blackouts , human control , earthquakes or anything . 
  the conditions for the reaction are so strictly designed that any change causes it to stop safely , there is not a way for it to stop otherwise . 
  i think your fear is irrational . 
  nuclear is the single best power source there is and will be until fusion . 
  thorium reactors are going to be even safer and leave less waste . 
  its like with flying - when a plane crashes , everybody loses their shit , but statistically its the safest transportation method . 
  the amount of people who die due to plane crashes is much bigger than the number for nuclear though , so they are much safer and i bet you do n't worry about flying , do you . 
  anyway , i would actually argue to stop selling our energy to austrians . 
  if they do n't like how we make it , why do they buy it ? 
  seems hypocritical . 
  if i was living near a power plant i 'd be much more worried about breathing fumes and radioactive radon and stuff emitted by coal burning plants than pseudoscientific pseudo statistical laws allegedly describing the behavior of the nuclear ones . 
  they are trying to keep them up to date when possible , and `` upgrade '' of dukovany should be coming in the future . 
  this is bullshit and you know it . 
  if not , educate yourself on the safety systems of modern power plants like dukovany and temelin . 
  my close relative works in dukovany and even if a plane fully loaded with explosives crashed into the reactor building nothing disastrous would happen . 
  yes , this is a legitimate scenario that was considered too . 
  vienna , laa thermal spa , schnitzel , milka , alps glacier skiing , classical music and dances . 
  also all the stuff about napoleonic wars , congress of vienna and metternich because that 's my favorite part of history . 
  overall i like all our neighbors , austria included . 
  i just wish you were a bit more pro-atom . 
  or at least stop complaining about our power plants , 
  well obviously , because we are the westernmost post-communist state . 
  and prague is to the west from vienna . 
  eastern europe just does n't sound right in that context . 
  also most westerners think ee is a total shithole which is not true for most ee countries anymore . 
  but maybe , as current events show , ce/ee will get better reputation and we wo n't have problems with the ee label anymore . 
  thanks . 
  definitely . 
  yes . 
  that 's plausible , thanks . 
  i like the ( implied ? ), 
  link to r/k strategy dichotomy . 
  so in the end i 'd say that industrial and post-industrial societies need to support traditional model of families all the more to compensate , otherwise there wo n't be any post-industrial societies in the future . 
  what 's your explanation ? 
  somebody should 've thought about compensating for this before deconstructing traditional family model . 
  why are there no comments ? 
  quite surprising really . 
  of the local brewery beers i named in a different comment in this comment chain , only beskydy could be considered thick . 
  dale\u0161ice , kouty , poli\u010dka , poutn\u00edk and numerous others are very light and subtle beers that are easily drinkable and very popular . 
  i mean , how can you assume our small breweries would be bad like yours ( and others ) ? 
  just because most countries produce shit microbrews does n't mean czechs do . 
  some of the breweries i mentioned are several hundred years old , there are even monasteries which continue to brew beer after all this time . 
  this is n't a `` 25 y/o bored college guy makes beer in his basement '' type of situation . 
  they do n't sell the beer in shops , they make relatively small amounts , they are known regionally , not nationally , but they know what they are doing . 
  we are czechs for fuck sake , do you seriously think that the canned beer you can buy at the corner shop in the suburb is the pinnacle of our beer brewing tradition ? 
  you would n't expect to buy quality tokaji wine in a paper box from tesco would you ? 
  i am south moravian , which is a wine making region . 
  when i want quality wine , i go to some reputable local vineyard . 
  why would beer be any different ? 
  also what happened to the `` try before you rate '' principle ? 
  well as this is a matter of taste ( literally ) there is no way to reach some agreement . 
  i 'll just say that i have n't found a local brew beer that tasted worse than kozel yet , and i 've encountered like 25 brands in brno pubs so far . 
  even the ipa beers which i do n't like are more drinkable , like matuska ( interesting experience ) . 
  and beers like dalesice , kouty , policka , beskydy and such are just heavenly . 
  but whatever floats your boat . 
  i see it similarly to wine , the best stuff is the one you usually ca n't buy in your local corner shop . 
  you should have . 
  kozel or pilsner taste like horse piss compared to some smaller breweries , and every serious pub offers at least a few local brands . 
  let 's roll !, 
  but we as a culture say that children ca n't consent . 
  other cultures view it differently . 
  some countries say 16 , some 18 , some 21 , some 15 ... 
  so you ca n't draw the line anywhere objectively . 
  this goes for both homosexuality and pedophilia . 
  thus you saying `` its fucking sick '' is just a personal emotion you feel . 
  also pedophilia is attraction towards children . 
  many people do n't act up on it because they view it as sick ( just as the homosexuals fuhko mentioned in his comment ) . 
  we applaud these people for abstaining , for fighting their lowly and sinful urges . 
  that 's why i brought up the analogy . 
  what i am trying to say that the line is arbitrary . 
  what about pedophiles ? 
  its the same . 
  we as society completely despise pedophilia because of moral reasons but its okay if people do n't act up on it . 
  this is the same situation . 
  no one cries for the pedophiles . 
  note : i am not saying pedophiles are equal to homosexuals or that pedophiles should have more rights . 
  i want you to realise that fuhko 's thoughts are not sick . 
  yes , yes , german approach is retarded , yes there are , i think people are positive about them . 
  nuclear energy is a very good energy source and czech citizens know that . +, 
  this , of course , depends on your political views . 
  i am a die hard conservative and at this moment i am glad we have zeman .
