  no other religion became so synonymous with progress as christianity . 
  were it not for christianity 's ideological basis , there would be no democracy , there was no force in the whole world which would have brought us democracy or that even was on a trajectory to democracy . 
  democracy is christianity 's brainchild . 
  i mean sure , ancient greece had a democracy for a while , but christianity was built on greek and roman philosophical thought . 
  i 'm saying its not like christianity was completely repressive and backwards religion . 
  the dark middle ages is mostly a myth . 
  the church was just an instrument of oppression used by worldly rulers , on its own it was the only organisation interested in knowledge , philosophy , art , thanks to medieval monks we can read aristotle . 
  islam is different . 
  islam never underwent such reformation ( even though they were close before the golden horde came ) , in islam is the state , the church and god are all one and quran 's author is allah . 
  the culture is just completely different , and yes , it needs to be updated if it wants to deal with the west in any way . 
  until then , we should support this reformation and stop taking any people from this culture , as its completely incompatible with the whole tradition of western thought . 
  everybody is talking about moderate muslim , sure , they are not blowing themselves up , but these moderate muslim have opinions that would be considered barbaric in any european country hundreds of years ago . 
  and we have to hold islamic culture accountable for the fact that it has failed to keep up . 
  the world has changed due to globalisation etc , its not the middle ages anymore , interaction between cultures is much more fluid and fast . 
  instead , islam turns into itself and becomes more extreme . 
  this is not a single rare incident . 
  islam has been the most problematic religion/culture in history , you just ca n't act like christianity went through this phase too and that its ok . times have changed , the circumstances were different then . 
  its not ok . cultures are not equal - that would be like saying that raping underages is just as good as our western notions of universal humans rights , which is obviously bollocks . 
  if you believe in any way in libert\u00e9 , egalit\u00e9 and fraternit\u00e9 , you have to hold them accountable . 
  otherwise you are just intellectually dishonest , and probably have a very malevolent agenda . 
  we do n't need to be racists , islamophobic , xenophobic . 
  we do n't need to make any value judgements at all . 
  we can just calmly , rationally , without any needless emotions , state the clear fact : ** islam and muslims are just not compatible with the western civilisation . 
  ** you say islam is not the problem , that only the criminals and the regressive authoritarian states , that proclaim they represent islam , are the problem . 
  i am saying you ca n't divide islam the religion from islam the culture and islam the state . 
  in all of their history , they have n't done this division either . 
  islam is such a regressive , underdeveloped , degenerate religion/ideology that it never managed to organise itself in such a way as for it to be even possible to not be held accountable for this . 
  it never underwent a reformation , it never represented progressive ideas . 
  there is no recent islamic philosophical tradition of democracy , freedom , equality . 
  the only countries where islam behaves relatively good , the only muslim countries that are developed , are the secular , somewhat westernised countries . 
  for all practical purposes sa , is , they * are * islam . 
  because it 's already happening , especially in the middle east . 
  that 's the epicenter right now , the frontier of cultures , the borderlands . 
  there will be more in time if nothing changes . 
  also , who knows if the final product of the globalisation is even desirable . 
  maybe it will turn out to be worse . 
  this situation is completely unprecedented , we 're stepping into completely unknown waters , but everybody is acting like this is the best thing ever already . 
  the migrant crisis is just the first major tumble in this journey that we could feel domestically , and we 're having huge trouble with it already . 
  as you said , its probably gon na happen , but its going to be very violent , a lot of people will die in the process , and the world will lose a lot of its diversity and culture . 
  i 'm just saying `` be careful what you wish for . '', 
  islam as in culture and ideology , not only religion . 
  as a whole package , islam is completely incompatible with european cultures . 
  and saying that islam is n't problem , granted that most muslim , including those in west , are in favor of oppressing women , hate gays and democracy and such , that 's just dishonest , do n't you think ? 
  christianity underwent a lot of reformations to move on from the bad stuff in the bible over the centuries , no such thing happened in islam . 
  cheaper plane tickets and international trade ca n't override human nature . 
  people are n't tabula rasa , you know . 
  just as technological and scientifical progress has been masking societal decay , globalisation is masking the divide between cultures up until the internal pressure is too high . 
  just look at islam . 
  every sensible politician has already said that multiculturalism is a failure . 
  even merkel , if her words have any value at all today . 
  different cultures either mix , even out , merge , both losing some of its identity in process like mixing two colors , or they do n't mix at all and the pressure rises . 
  if one wishes to celebrate diversity of human culture , its better for all cultures to stay mostly separate . 
  nearly every culture is welcoming ... until a certain point . 
  homogenous societies are the normal . 
  every person cares for his own kind first . 
  there is such thing as a priority list in every person 's subconscious , and it usually goes like this : family , friends , acquaintances , ... , town , region , country , maybe continent . 
  its completely natural to feel stronger sympathy to your mother then someone 's else mother . 
  that 's how civilisations rose in the first place , people who had common values , ideas , traditions and helped themselves and created something bigger than them , in the process becoming even more homogenous , creating and strengthening their identity . 
  tourists and occasional immigrants do n't threaten that at all . 
  migration crisis like this certainly does . 
  this is n't something new and groundbreaking , a lot has been written about this , what 's astounding is the fact that people have forgotten this . 
  i think some amount of patriotism and nationalism is healthy . 
  so i 'd say reasonably patriotic . 
  well from what i 've heard afd * does * have good chance to get seats . 
  how could you * see * that argument ? 
  not allow a party to join an election debate because their views are too different from the other parties ? 
  how is that even justifiable ? 
  the moderator/host should concern himself with derailing , not the people who send invites . 
  those should only assure that as many parties as possible get an opportunity to be heard . 
  we in czech republic are too guilty of not inviting/ignoring some smaller non-parliamentary parties as far as big debates go , but its not because of blackmailing of other parties and we have a programme that is specifically focused on small parties called political spectrum that allows even the monarchists to be visible . 
  still not enough , but that 's something at least . 
  i called you out when you were clearly wrong , this is not the same . 
  you are the one who started the insults with tongue in cheek comments about our farmers , factory workers and politicians . 
  if anything its naive you and the germans and others trust the future and feasibility of wind and solar so much , as they are expensive , ineffective , unreliable , inefficient and overall more dangerous both to human lives and the environment , both during servicing and during manufacturing . 
  you just want to feel good and green and progressive but in the long run you will see how mistaken you were . 
  the facts are here today already , actually they were here since this whole green energy fashion started , but it will take time before your public puts off their green blindfolds to acknowledge them . 
  i can provide the statistics , as i study electrical engineering myself , but i doubt you 'd take them on . 
  let 's try , though . 
  for example : did you know that for every single terawatthour produced by solar plants 0,44 people die due to injuries or illnesses connected to the service/production , but only 0,04 people died for each twh made by nuclear plants due to effects connected to them , including chernobyl , fukushima , three mile island and every single disaster there was ? 
  ( for comparison , deaths due to wind turbines are 0,15 / twh , so still worse than nuclear , and thats not counting the tens of thousands of bird deaths annually ) or did you know that in order to have a 1 000 mw solar plant you need 130 kilometres squared of land ( that could 've been used for fields or just about anything , really , so that is an additional cost ) , and its construction and function is going to produce 80-220 grams of co2 per each kilowatthour produced , while for a 1 000 mw nuclear plant you need only 10 kilometres squared , and its construction and function are going to produce only 5-35 grams of carbon dioxide per kwh produced ? 
   unfortunately you do n't realise that propaganda is not making your stuff any safer . 
  i would have argued that the only propaganda there is is the one in favor of the so called green renewable energy , as the safety of modern nuclear power plants does n't have to be justified by propaganda but by technical and physical description of its inner workings and features ; but i wo n't do that because ...  good for you , dear neighbour . 
  you also do have the best farmers , factory workers and politicians . 
  a paradise . 
  ... you 've clearly shown you are not here for an intelligent , level-headed discussion , which is sad , because you 've shown that you are not a dumbass - thus far . 
  that is why i am appalled by you posting these three sentences , which clearly is an idiotic decision . 
  so either you truly are a dumbass , which would n't be surprising given your lack of knowledge on the matter , or you mock me and the whole point of the discussion we were having , which may not make you a dumbass automatically , but makes further discussion pointless . 
  this is basically the whole czech-austrian energy quarrel in a nutshell . 
  yours and german energy and electrical/physical engineering experts know that nuclear is good ( just as the ones from the rest of the world ) , but your public and thus politicians is nearly religiously convinced of the truth being the opposite . 
  no technology , no progress , no hard evidence can change your mind because you 've chosen your position on an emotional basis , the same irrational basis with which you attack our energy sources regularly , while happily using them . 
  the discussion is thus pointless and resorts to simple jaded and bitter attacks , just as the one you 've used on me . 
  either way , i like you , austrians . 
  just stop caring about our plants and call us when you need us to buy power from your expensive windturbines , please . 
  always happy to buy stuff that is mostly paid for by citizens of other countries . 
  we do n't have much problems with peak currents . 
  our hydroelectric plants are capable of providing for our storing needs , i 've been to a few myself . 
  our electric power network is one of the stablest and best designed ones in whole europe thanks to ee professors such as vladimir list ; after all germans prefer to send their energy to some parts of their country through our territory when possible because our grid can deal better with overvoltages . 
  we are dominantly exporting nuclear energy and only buy when austrians , germans or danish need to get rid of their wind energy so desperately they make it hilariously cheap ( hilariously because the huge costs of funding and clean energy donations for the wind and solar stuff pay their tax payers , not ours  ) . 
  when the wind is not blowing there we can then sell them ours energy , which we have an abundance of , for a significant profit . 
  that 's true i suppose .
