  fucking oil cunts, 
  not really . 
  i mean yes the majority of europe is and was christian but christianity does n't stop from being a middle eastern religion . 
  because they want islam to benefit from all this, 
  i love how malta is that low, 
  no thank you , we do n't want the cross in our flag to be replaced with a crescent moon, 
  the lefties have n't either, 
  xdddd, 
  i have been to sweden , i have relatives living in sweden , i have been told the situation of sweden by swedes and arabs living in sweden themselves . 
  go on , tell me a racist because i do n't want sweden to turn into a muslim country . 
  denmark , norway , finland , iceland , ireland , france ( maybe ) , malta , italy and switzerland would be my favourites , but i would n't mind living in any other countries . 
  atleast they did n't cause the shithole of a chaos the middle east is now . 
  it never gained a new meaning lol . 
  it has always been the same , just because lefties use the word there and right does n't make it different . 
  xenophobia is what you 're trying to describe, 
  no dude , you are totally wrong . 
  everybody knows syrians are a race too !, 
  if i am greek , and say i do n't want cypriots in greece , am i racist ? 
  well . . 
  i forgot about scotland being part of the uk and thought scotland colonized hong kong for a sec . 
  it 's a conspiracy !, 
  remove the falsely in the title and the thread is appropriate to remove from r/europe according to some policies , 
  do you want hungarians to become a minority ? 
  because if you do n't want a huge population of immigrants in your country you are a nazist hitler cocksucker according to leftists, 
  comments about you being a nazi incoming, 
  sometimes i think the reason nazism exist is because of the lefties, 
  til that hungary is responsible for the syrian war, 
  lol i know that thanks to ck2, 
  the macedonian police have reported terrorists among refugees and isis themselves have threatened europe . 
  isis are people too , they can read and they can think . 
  they are not harmless bears . 
  your comment reeks of bullshit . 
  have you been to sweden and seen the affects of too much tolerance and multiculturalism ? 
  even the usa did it better, 
  my favourite one has to be sicily . 
  too bad it has n't been ours for a 1000 years :(, 
  do n't forget chicago, 
  apparently immigrants think that europe had its new renaissance , but this time in sweden, 
  we got the christian genghis khan !, 
  how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  - \u0395very day how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  - every two days what country are you normally resident in ? 
  - greece do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  - greek ( native ) , german ( beginner ) what interests you about europe ? 
  - our history , our culture , the interactions between the countries and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  - the amount of censorship which suddenly seems completely random . 
  do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  - i guess i want to contribute in the sub and make it a more friendly and less `` tense '' place for people to read news and discuss stuff why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  - i would try to be unbiased in terms of censorship and stuff , and also i could participate a lot in the community ( and not only moderating ) do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  - not really , have only toyed with reddit bots what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  - i think its too crowded and too chaotic for any progress to be made in terms of discussion . 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  what 's one weakness you have ? 
  - that i do n't know my weaknessess . 
  would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  - a hundred duck sized horses what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why - francois hollande . 
  no idea why . 
  what is the redpill ? 
  censorship is bad , very bad . 
  i agree that some of the stuff that gets taken down is racist and very biased but a lot of accurate and other articles shown throughout the world 's media are being censored here , which is a kind of propaganda itself . 
  what do you mean rightful homelands ? 
  armenia has armenia ( which is smaller than the `` original '' armenia but still ) . 
  you could say the same about us , northern epirus , constantinopole , east thrace , minor asia , macedonia . 
  hell , even anatolia if you want to go that back . 
  you sure ? 
  because a lot of them come illegally without any papers and most of them lie about their country . 
  a lot of them are terrorists according to isis and the macedonian and serbian police, 
  shit like this sickens me . 
  for all we know this might be bigger than everyone thinks, 
  your attitude and assumptions do n't make you seem that way, 
  lmao, 
  that 's the same amount of `` refugees '' in lesbos right now . 
  you seem very uneducated, 
  you really think it 's syriza 's fault that immigrants are flocking to greece ? 
  yes syriza is responsible for the third memorandum and the shitty deals with the eu , but whether it is syriza or nd or even pasok the same thing applies for the immigrants, 
  because they want to bring the war to other countries, 
  he got banned . 
  rip, 
  i agree that sweden is a better country than us . 
  we have some hundred rapes to go to reach the rape capital of europe !, 
  not to mention that syrian culture is so fascinating , compared to ours . 
  edit : saw your flair , syrian or turkish refugee in germany ? 
  we should give erdogan a nobel peace award then !, 
  [ the burning of smyrna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_smyrna ) always saddens me . 
  i know it must be a little hypocritical condemning turks for this , since our nation were n't that kind to foreign people ( as if anyone was ) some thousand years ago , but this is just cruel . 
  10.000 - 100.000 greeks and armenians were slaughtered and raped during that massacre , and people were flocking the port to escape like roaches . 
  the armenian and greek quarters of the city were destroyed , but the muslim ones were not . 
  the bishop of smyrna was tortured and hacked to death in front of french soldiers . 
  we dun did, 
  germans , what do they know about anything . 
  refugees and immigration is good for europe !, 
  just look at sweden , syrian culture is so fascinating, 
  will you answer me instead of talking shit ? 
  are you illiterate ? 
  avoiding answering me , hmm . 
  i guess skipping history classes must have a serious effect lol ( even though i doubt americans learn about ancient greeks ), 
  i wish basketball in europe was as big as football here .
