because the church never mentioned `` muslim migrants '' , only migrants . 
  that 's obviously editorialized to spread a flame war in the comments and have the thread obviously deleted, 
  wo n't this be flagged for false editorialization ? 
  this whole thing makes me glad we had an economic crisis tbh . 
  so this destroys the arguement that `` we '' know nothing about the muslim world ? 
  because she clearly does ( it 's her homeland ffs ) and does a nice job criticising it . 
  is she racist to ? 
  maybe every greek person with financial problems should visit finland and claim that he 's syrian . 
  we 're getting free care boys , 
  let 's not forget thrace, 
  i love isle of man . 
  it 's like a different culture, 
  this will only lead to the right wing to rise . 
  sad, 
  i 'm against mass immigration and the islamification of europe too , but being kkk is too much lol . 
  i do n't have a problem with blacks/muslim in my country as long as they are legal , hard working and willing to intergrate ( those who i know have ) into society . 
  that 's straight up racism, 
  reminds me and my friends when we were 14 `` lol swedish girls are so hot we should move ther !!, 
  lol '', 
  and that will mean to the exctinction of many other languages as well :(, 
  grecoroman master race, 
  well i never dwelled into my family tree lol and my dad never really remembered . 
  but probably yes in the balkan wars or ww1 i had some relatives fighting ( my grandpa was 13 during ww2 so therefore did n't fight ), 
  in the classroom, 
  all my family did during the 20th century wars was my grandpa who was appointed to vietnam and did nothing, 
  says the dumpster of europe, 
  might as well rename lesbos to new syria at this point, 
  your comment just gave me cancer . 
  instead of calling someone a xenophobic moron for not wanting `` refugees '' in their country . 
  please please please go see the definition of xenophobia, 
  no , hundreds of quadrillions better . 
   this is the first time i see someone defend the eu 's policies lmao and it is totally irrelevant to what i fucking said . 
  maybe if the eu was n't completely retarded and its liberal mindset was n't completely flawed they would help greece and italy keeping refugees out instead of welcoming them and later sending them away . 
  your answer : `` lol pay ur debts11 xd '', 
  merkel is a clown, 
  it is also worth noting that the usa along with its puppets is responsible for the whole shitshow in the middle east, 
  rape apologist, 
  fucking rape apologists swarming this thread . 
  gd has n't ruined the country yet, 
  do n't even get started on this . 
  shame nobody recognizes that genocide, 
   syriza  far left lmao, 
  wait it out a few years, 
  if you were from greece you 'd obviously know . 
  both gd and pasok voters are retards who want to watch their country burn, 
  here we go on the typical r/europe hate bullshit . 
  of course people get banned for posting shit about immigration but the classic greek hate and generalization is untouched . 
  might aswell say `` all greeks should go kill themselves lmao '' and get them karma , 
  you 're either a greek pasoki or a foreigner who does n't know shit about greece . 
  ca n't tell now because im on mobile, 
  and most europe is scratching their heads about western europe . 
  i think saying corrupt social democrats is also massively exaggerating . 
  pasok are way more than just that , i am a social democrat too but they are the lowest of scum that have sucumbed this country into debt and misery, 
  do n't know what 's worse , pasok or gd ? 
  we are obviously all retards according to r/europe . 
  we should just let our dutch and german redditors vote for us instead , 
  should we vote randomly then ? 
  ... and then right wing-ism would bloom in europe . 
  would not want that, 
  damn i should convert to islam so i get free shit, 
  absolutely nothing, 
  germany doing its best to not be liked, 
  that 's like in one of these movies that a whole country goes mad or some shit, 
  til uganda and kkk are european, 
  but but . . the crusades !!!, 
  yes , we should be thanking her for basically welcoming millions of refugees in europe, 
  ok germany is retarded, 
  or a nazist, 
  sweden really does its best to not be liked by the rest of europe, 
  just browse this sub . 
  goodbye, 
  you said `` what if that would happen to canada '' ? 
  long ago, 
  define `` brit '', 
  but it did happen in canada lol . 
  some centuries ago . 
  but not due to immigration, 
  england is not canada or america . 
  they are not immigration countries, 
  `` you deserve to suffer '' kind bolshevik words . 
  if we had n't let them in the penalties of the ~ ~ germany ~ ~ european union would be huge . 
  do n't know if this is a good or bad thing, 
  and so is germany, 
  the germany union it should be renamed, 
  generally, 
  the russian hate in this sub is all good and okay , but when somebody posts something regarding to immigration he gets banned ? 
  mods explain htis, 
  calathes and spanoulis are so good, 
  maybe it 's time for england too ? . . 
  can we have some flair statistics soon ? 
  they have a different culture , language , they identify as catalan rather than spanish , have been independent before, 
  the flag of medieval finland, 
  i have no idea , my post was just a shitty attempt at humor commenting how our economy sucks, 
  greekonomics, 
  do they want to be treated well or to escape war ? 
  because it is that it is the former, 
  you are a bit late there mate, 
  i know right ? 
  serbia and hungary are so full of war . 
  basically syria v2 :(,
