  you 're not wrong, 
  because it does n't really feel like a union anymore, 
  that comment made no fucking sense . 
  a grexit brings catastrophic results to both greece and the ez . 
  that 's like half the sub at this point . 
  half of threads concerning the greek crisis are comments like `` let greeks vote no we dont give them money le reddit army  tsipras xdd '' it 's becoming a fucking circlejerk at this point, 
  . . do you know the consequences of a possible grexit ? 
  also , you ca n't just `` kick '' a country out of the ez, 
  you can bet all you want, 
  gib us money and we can invade the swiss for you, 
  what about propaganda tv ? 
  to be honest , ireland is not in a good position either . 
  about the uk , i do n't know . 
  not much , actually . 
  i could go to germany since i have cousins there but my german is awful and to be honest keeping up with english is much easier for me, 
  very fucking bad in my part . 
  my dad is very worried that a grexit will lead us to the drachma and that will lead us ( my family ) out of the capital which is fucking terrible ( i suppose you could say that there are better living conditions there , but meh ) and without any money i ca n't travel abroad to live with arelative and possibly get a job . 
  the thought of being isolated scares the fuck out of me, 
  it 's not really about relying on relatives . 
  i thought the cousin i never met before would be keen on letting me live with him until i get some money to get a flat and a job to be able to live comfortably . 
  it 's the same in greece . 
  generations of lying , frauding and sinking the country in debt and those people are still free . 
  btw , how is ireland doing ? 
  i ca n't imagine you being worse than us ; no way . 
  i am 16 and i shiver even thinking about my future at this country . 
  do what ? 
  finish high school , get a degree and move to canada with my +30 year older cousin who barely speaks the language and is away most of the time ? 
  how am i even going to get the money to travel to canada ? 
  the country is going default and money is definitely not in abundance . 
  i know this is totally off topic , but i just wan na say i feel you and most of the greeks around here , very tough times await us all, 
  joking aside , a lot of people ( generally ) have this idealogy . 
  and it 's not sarcasm . 
  i do n't disagree with you , i was just saying that the previous governments were no different either . 
  talking about lies . . 
  this is sad . 
  what do you fucking expect him to pay back with ? 
  nice username , your life must be a joy, 
  the funny thing is that a lot of people on your country laugh at greece saying `` they got what they deserved lol '', 
  is this a new kind of circlejerk, 
  you are delusional, 
  literally mexicans of europe . 
  so lazy , got what 's coming to them . 
  german humor, 
  germany can fund it for us, 
  he 's not wrong . 
  no one in particular . 
  just generally speaking because i 've seen a lot of people be like `` lol greeks are unemployed lazy fucks '' or something like that, 
  saying greeks are lazy is fucking stupid . 
  read up your facts before making a statement just to seem edgy and superior to someone else . 
  yeah i know , it was admitelly a bad `` joke '', 
  hey because we 're poor does n't mean we are dumb :(, 
  a grexit will benefit greece in the long run , so ... 
  i know albanians who hate greeks even though they have lived all of their life in greece, 
  the siege of constantinopole was such a badass event . 
  10/10 would happen again, 
  pakistani people are made fun of and greeks do n't really like albanian people because they are weird and very nationalistic . 
  also gypsies and germans, 
  i am assuming the water gardens , idk where they filmed the beach locations though, 
  it 's sad too . 
  i went on vacation , i would love to be an extra lol, 
  good to hear , i hope the irish improve even more, 
  that sounds like polish, 
  wow , moldova, 
  germany does n't makre things really easier . 
  greece and germany , two countries i ca n't hate more . 
  nope, 
  saying `` go and develop your own country '' is ignorant and dumb beyond explanation . 
  and it has been extremely common now . 
  when i was a child people took big offense to that but now it 's common and unimportant `` you swore jesus ? 
  oh well lol '', 
  well it 's a european language, 
  surprise surprise, 
  nice, 
  that 's a lot . 
  only constantinopole is european, 
  but le evil turks and russians !!, 
  we do n't share land borders tho, 
  [ so did we !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antonis_daglis ), 
  if cyprus does n't count then probably italy . 
  and if italy does n't count then probably the turks our neighbours suck :(, 
  well the only way for greece not to exist is to be part of the fourth reich or if the roman empire reformed . 
  so probably italy :(, 
  the us started isis and the unstability in the middle east with the gulf war and the invasions of iraq . 
  saudi arabia are the usa 's buddies in crime and israel is the one that 's commiting the crimes . 
  i ca n't see how people can deny that, 
  you are right, 
  maybe you do n't frequent r/worldnews, 
  i ca n't wait for american teenagers to comment about us not being able to properly defend our borders and our inabillity to pay our debt . 
  maybe if you fuckwanks did n't start a war and a terrorist organization all of this would n't have happened, 
  so he hates himself ? 
  that 's not uncommon in greeks, 
  ca n't wait for turkish sympathisers to flame cyprus . 
  i can already guess their flag  ( hint : it 's not the turkish one ), 
  greece right now is one of the worst countries to live in or even visit . 
  i do n't get how tourists say we are friendly . 
  people are so fucking miserable . 
  so , so so miserable . 
  for example , there is a post of koulouri ( greek the onion ) and people are crying about our politics or financial situation in a joke paper . 
  a lot of people hate jews , a lot of people hate communists , a lot of people hate immigrants , a lot of people hate foreigners , a lot of people hate greeks , a lot of people hate the usa .
