  then maybe the us would get more competition from other countries, 
  fyrom 's official name is fyrom , not macedonia . 
  greece was never called the `` former turkish republic of greece '' , my fellow baltic russian, 
  former native american slaves of europe, 
  looks someone skipped the history class . 
  the modern day macedonians have nothing to do with the ancient greeks . 
  they are slavs . 
  alexander was n't a slav , he was hellenic . 
  modern day macedonians are more bulgarian, 
  spain = europe, 
  you do realise the vatican is in your country, 
  that 's finnish ? 
  wow, 
  that makes no sense, 
  lol, 
  i blamed the us for the creation of isis and all the turmoil in syria and the middle east . 
  deport them all . 
  all, 
  well i said that the us is also responsible for the shit about isis and the stuff at the middle east and i got downvoted to oblivion and got told an ungrateful bastard, 
  like ? . . 
  this sub is very pro american , you might want to comment that somewhere else, 
  it 's the greek circlejerk . 
  we could save the world from isis and people would say `` who the fuck cares pay your debts xddd '', 
  4 months late but whatever . 
  there are catholic minorities in the cyclades ( some villages ) and i 'm assuming rhodos because it was the last greek land to be held by the venetians, 
  let 's prepare for the finnish horde then, 
  everyone on r/worldnews thinks the world is black and white . 
  `` the greeks need to pay their debt to get out of the crisis . 
  it is simple '' `` kurds are badass !!! '', 
  this and generalizing and being a total asshole makes the ignorance that that sub is, 
  you better not steal it !, 
  when i say the usa does more harm than good and that the usa is very dislikable in the world does n't point to generalizing at all . 
  it would have been generalizing if i said `` all americans are commies '' also i did n't know that being young makes me anti american , i suppose when i grow wrinkles and my balls fall to my knees i will be wise enough to appreciate the greatness of murika !, 
   you have no problem with your government getting cozy to putin the fascist , begging for money in a cringe-worthy way and perhaps you have no problem with the fact that greece is one of the few countries in the eu that has a sizable and very vocal neo-nazi presence in its parliament . 
  this here made me understand that ignorance is indeed bliss . 
  i refuse to take someone seriously when he questions other people 's dislike for america and also generalizes . 
  do n't try to pull up that shit that the usa is good for the world . 
  spying on people and interfering on nations that you have no fucking right to do so makes you more than a `` fascist '' ( doubt you know what that means ) than putin . 
  the fuck ? 
  how does this have to do with anything i said ? 
  i am sure the bombing of yugoslavia and dresden brings joy to the hearts of our friends in the balkans and ( some ) germans . 
  are they not european ? 
  talk about yourself . 
  reading comprehension is hard apparently, 
  when people dislike the us it 's fear mongering but when people dislike russia it 's completely rational ? 
  oh please . 
  i do n't like either but this sub ( and europe in general ) is very soft to the us and very hating towards russia . 
  how the tides have changed . 
  the world has as many reasons to hate the us just like russia, 
  this makes the us seem like fools . 
  and we are sadly a part of their `` plan '' . 
  up for some starbucks coffee, 
  1940-41 greco italian war . 
  benito mussolini asked the greek prime minister for an italian occupation of greece and after he rejected , the italians declared war from albania . 
  italy had a small amount of men but though it rose to about double of greece 's size . 
  the greeks countered the italians which led to the german invasion of crete . 
  the germans beat the greeks in the battle of crete ( who had helps from the british empire ) and later occupied greece . 
  our country 's role in this pretty much was as a punching bag , affecting operation barbarossa and getting the germans trapped in russia . 
  it is important to note how it was the first allied victory in the war !, 
  lol . 
  it is easy to generalize . 
  i can do it to . 
  best example of german 's attitude : invade your neighbours and commit genocide . 
  best example of england 's attitude : steal artifacts and marbles that ai n't cool, 
  itt : politicians and economists, 
  that 's not what the artist tries to depict, 
  good ol' irish, 
  greek tv is so horrendously bad that i rarely watch , so maybe other compatriots can fill me in are neutral channels alpha and ant1 ? 
  people in greece do n't give a single fuck about the us ( from what i know ) and your `` saving of the world '' . 
  take that somewhere else . 
  ( creating isis is shitting on the world, 
  as greece 's history , probably repelling the italians in ww2 , being on the winning sides in the balkan wars . 
  for greek history , maybe alexander 's campaign or beating the persians in marathon, 
  yes , some americans stopped a terrorist in france so we should stop bitching about the us shitting all over the world . 
  ( not that anyone herw talks about you outside of the internet ), 
  i have an andorran friend . 
  he likes skiing , hiking and memes he told me andorra is a quiet place where there is a basketball team but i 'll have to ask him more . 
  none lol . 
  maybe nafplio, 
  because lesbos was occupied before that term came up, 
  he could get some statues, 
  he could get some statues, 
  surprised no brit tried robbing a bank in athens with a water gun, 
  you sure ? 
  i ca n't check wikipedia atm but from what i remember albanians were . 
  but from my personal experience i have n't met any turks here . 
  maybe in northern greece ? 
  albanians ( and maybe kurds or pakistanis ) most of them have lived here for years and are christians ( in my experience ) , my barber is albanian, 
  i am not the one that should be told this, 
  to be agressive and ignorant towards every russian in reddit because of what 's happening . 
  and do n't tell me it 's not that way , i am not an imbecile, 
  russian and american imperialism are def annoying, 
  it is russophobia tho, 
  american cheese looks like pisd, 
  both jave a 's on their name !, 
  how is fishing in iceland, 
  i thought we were broke buddies . 
  ireland is probably the most liked european country here, 
  we should do it too to get rid of all that debt, 
  i mean during the night some roof cafes or other things ( during the summer especially ) can make it more interesting , but when you look at it morethe islands have more things to do,
