  not an argument , just advice, 
  then you are dumb, 
  and the eu instead of using tanks is using banks . 
  disgraceful , they managed to change so many people 's opinions . 
  i was pro eu for a long time but this is just fucking stupid . 
  sometimes i think the eu is secretly trying to blow europe apart, 
  why the hell are we up there, 
  that 's pretty much more than half of the country right now . 
  do n't forget the stereotype of being a chain smoker with a recessing hairline !, 
  you are not very bright , are you ? 
  nope , but you can go to a conveniece store and pick up a newspaper, 
   nobody will actually bleed from a grexit what ? 
  we already are at war . 
  well , technically . 
  do n't forget r/worldnews !, 
  just fucking let it go please . 
  you know the circlejerk about greece proves my point ? 
  i mean , you use dank memes but i think you should know that . 
  this subreddit alone already proves how many people see greeks as idiots . 
  if i would use a different flair i would be treated otherwise . 
  the greeks want to leave a group that hates them too . 
  not all of us are oblivious idiots , yeah . 
  it 's game over . 
  a grexit is inevitable at this point since finland will not accept any deal for greece at all . 
  this made no fucking sense, 
  true , atleast in this country, 
  greece * there is n't a thing in r/worldnews or r/europe that greece is n't at fault . 
  he mentioned the imf , china , us , uk , germany , france and italy . 
  tsipras governs none of these countries , no ? 
  tl ; dr pressure from big countries, 
  no , do n't ruin the circlejerk, 
  i am talking about the `` no '' supporters mainly, 
  i love how many greeks are like `` tsipras , i supported you but now with the third memorandum go fuck yourself '' this country likes self harm, 
  even a fucking post about the rail baltic has turned into a circlejerk against greece . 
  kinda sad some people go online and hate countries on irrelevant topics . 
  keep it up , if that 's what makes you happy . 
  you did n't ? 
  you are not very familiar with dutch newspapers or the dutch in general, 
  you can find shit like these in german/dutch papers too , like stereoytyping greeks . 
  next try ? 
  german humour everybody, 
  people are downvoting me but those comments get the most upvotes rather than legit discussion, 
  a certain romanian called vv_reddit is predujiced against reading comments it seems like, 
  why the fuck am i being downvoted ? 
  eastern europeans have no trouble admitting that, 
  to be honest , i have no idea if they are eastern europeans but eastern europeans have been the most negative and agressive about/against greece lately . 
  38 mins ago . 
  we can wait . 
  predicting top comments : `` i am polish and my parents earn less than greeks so why the fuck should my country spend to bail them out when they can do the same ? '', 
  `` greeks are fat lazy cunts xd '' `` greeks do n't deserve any funds or haircuts '' `` i am greek and i hate evil bankers xdd '', 
  i 'm gon na wait for a thread like this to be posted in r/worldnews and for some eastern europeans to come in and say `` greeks are lazy fucks '' and get upvoted . 
  no , do n't break many people 's illusions that there are accents or that some people may prefer not to speak english at all . 
  i like france, 
  i only go to r/worldnews to see stuff about isis but nothing more . 
  it is full of misinformation , propaganda and shitty 15 year olds commenting jokes on every post . 
  it 's like a circlejerk . 
  from my experience , germans have been either `` sorry for the austerity bro '' and `` pay your shits homie '' , italians are pretty good so far ( with exceptions ) , the dutch i see are kinda like merkel and the only eastern europeans i have talked to are in cs : go so i do n't have an opinion lol, 
  all greeks are lazy cunts that do n't pay . 
  great point . 
  if i called you a nazist just because you are ( an example ) german , would that be making a point ? 
  and a guy from transylvania that ... 
  i do n't know, 
  yeah i have no idea , he blamed greeks ( and not the country ) for being loaned 2 % of italy 's gdp and greece not paying back saying he has no job thanks to us, 
  totally not a stereotype at all lol . 
  if a greek newspaper had merkel dressed as a nazi officer r/europe would explode, 
  undoubtely that 'll be the case , but if the crisis lasts for years to come it 'll be hard to tell, 
  yeah the number of personal attacks is not really comfortable . 
  i got called by an italian redditor a lazy useless cunt that stole the money from his country while tax evading . 
  generalizing is a very bad thing and i 'm pretty sure ( especially ) europeans know that too, 
  i see now where the negativity comes from . 
  the media are disgusting sometimes , totally innacurate . 
  we have n't been that relevant to the world since 2000 bc, 
  that video gave me cancer . 
  it is very uncomfortable seeing people being that agressive towards foreign religions like it is alien technology . 
  and it is mostly old people , too . 
  even a thread about albania receives anti greek circlejerk comments . 
  sad . 
  is democracy illegal in the most european `` union '' countries ? 
  because it 's propaganda . 
  scaring people to vote yes and also only showing the `` yes '' rallies is called propaganda . 
  comparing greece to the uk and poland is dumb , to be honest . 
  do n't you have anything else to do in reddit than hate greece ? 
  yup , if they voted yes greece would bloom like a flower of wealth !, 
  do n't break the basic rule of the sub . 
  whoever defends greece is an apologist and greeks are dumbasses who voted for their own doom . 
  they should starve !, 
  for a chance for a better deal since he is n't very liked in europe, 
  spoke too soon , here they come !, 
  if this was on r/worldnews he would be called a fucktard and an apologist, 
  welcome to the anti greek circlejerk !, 
  how to join : 1 ) make varoufakis jokes 2 ) make fun of greece and ther citizens 3 ) if your country is poor , say that you get it worse than them and call them pussies 4 ) if your country is rich , demand them to pay back 5 ) if you are russian , demand their money anyway, 
  no they have not ? 
  popcorn will be good with so many anti greek comments, 
  defense of greece ? 
  am i on the right sub ? 
  what a shit headtitle, 
  they got independence from denmark ? 
  i am very out of the loop, 
  more worms likely ( and hopefully ) to follow soon, 
  would they have any money with more austerity ?
