  slovakia sure sounds like a place where not many things happen, 
  we won the u18 european championship of basketball against turkey, 
  so much for the birthplace of democracy . 
  wish our city was n't more `` grey '' and more ancient greek like . 
  if you get what i mean, 
  wow . 
  we are worse than london, 
  varoufakis is literally littlefinger, 
  i would , but i do n't know if melbourne is cheaper than vancouver and i have a relative in canada anyway, 
  i know this is off topic but is the situation in canada good ? 
  if i leave with a degree in history let 's say , will i have trouble finding a job ? 
  we do ? 
  mind if you give me an article ? 
  ( geniuely interested because if it is the case it does n't get shown by the greek media ), 
  i do n't know if turkey realises it but they could do that to the east, 
  we got cyprus back , worth it . 
  we can still be above the us , right ? 
  germany - the wave spain ( ? ), 
  - pan 's labyrinth, 
  why not deport them ? 
  this is seriously some of people 's logic in this country . 
  dae america country of freeeeeedom ? 
  it 's part of the circlejerk against greece . 
  dae all greeks are literally retarded ? 
  you seem pretty salty , to be honest . 
  now , why so mad over an opinion ? 
  from my experiences it was the most boring country i have visited . 
  and i do n't have to visit every damn place of the country to come to this conclusion . 
  why be so angry about an opinion ? 
  you guessed wrong, 
  okay , fair enough . 
  but i still think that 's something that got ta be dealt with, 
  most boring country by far . 
  sorry belgian friends, 
  how the hell are we more positively viewed than malta or monaco, 
  12 isis fighters can easily wipe out a group of tourists in a big city in bosnia or even more . 
  it does n't have to be an army to be a major thing . 
  when will european countries declare war on those vermin ? 
  it 's time to wipe them off completely . 
  welcome to the r/europe circlejerk . 
  france surrenders and greeks are fat nerds xdd aayyy lmao, 
  can we please stop this fucking circlejerk to prevent this sub to become a joke like many others ? 
  feels bad man, 
  no , i obviously think schaubble caused the fire, 
  those fires have nothing on the 2007 ones, 
  fucking arsonists , bunch of cunts, 
  damn germans !, 
  is this american fast food outlets only ? 
  because there is no way starbucks is first here, 
  what 's the sense behind this, 
  southern europe *, 
  yeah , i was wrong . 
  but you are wrong too . 
  apparently , we belong in southern europe, 
  that 's so fucking random lol, 
  no this is a stereotype i see all the time in r/worldnews and r/europe . 
  it 's not `` melodrama '', 
  that does not make it true, 
  so because people say we are eastern europe it means we are eastern europe ? 
  i was not talking geographically, 
  i was not talking geographically, 
  what the fuck does this have to do with anything, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i am pretty sure that was sarcasm, 
  i am not proud about that either, 
  and mine too . 
  apparently all greeks are fat lazy cunts that do n't pay taxes according to generalization  like all germans are nazis and like all french are surrendering baguette eaters right ? 
  i would n't say athens is the most ugly place in greece ( akropolis , rooftop bars ) but definitely not on par with like rhodes and nafplio . 
  tourists should go there more often . 
  cyprus is geographically in asia but nobody calls it an asian country . 
  greece is as western as the west can go, 
  i appreciate the article and the spotlight for our country , but we 're not eastern europe goddammit . 
  you probably wo n't know him . 
  so irrelevant nowadayas ... 
  no , it 's the lazy fat greeks, 
  yeah , i was being sarcastic, 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  great, 
  like they saved bosnia !, 
  we are not swaziland yet, 
  if the usa can save us economically i swear i will try to withstand all the `` murica !! '', 
  shit, 
  it seems the annoying sheep on facebook are the minority . 
  good . 
  we have more common than i initially thought, 
  misinformation and ignorance tend to get people angry , you know ? 
  ok this dragged down more than it should have, 
  what the fuck does this have to do with what i said regarding reading the fucking tweets, 
  support for the golden dawn will inevitably increase . 
  ' #readthefuckingpost, 
  it is flame bait so people can say `` broke fat greeks ca n't pay german products hahaha xd '', 
  well , it would be a civil war if they just gave land for debt relief anyway . 
  if you want to declare a war you might aswell do that, 
  dude , i made a twitter campaign to get unbanned from runescape back in 2008 and it made my country fall in debt !!, 
  what the fuck has greece has to do with this ? 
  do we always have to be brung up in every fucking post ? 
  just let us sink in peace, 
  erhm ... he 's the pope . 
  not a random priest of a greek village, 
  just think about it a little more,
