  in my opinion , kalmyk sounds like a weird version of the mongolian that i know , a bit `` crisper '' because it sounds like a lot of stops in kalmyk are fricatives in oirat mongolian , which makes sense because i noticed that `` h '' in mongol is pronounced like `` k '' in oirat . 
  example :  mongolian oirat english  hel kel language  hen ken who  nohoi nokoi dog hope this helps !, 
  happy to see some mongolic people included on a map of europe , as well as many other overlooked peoples !, 
  i feel like is and others would have been a lot less successful if they ( we ) did n't invade iraq or at least we went about it a different way and * actually * sought to rebuild and establish good governance after the invasion . 
  but we 'll never know . 
  sure sure . 
  lol okay, 
  he 's not wrong . 
  for real . 
  so you know who they are , then ? 
  know them well enough to know they 're not christian or some other religion ... maybe the police should interrogate you since you know so much . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't know every county in my state but i could name all of the states of the us . 
  but not the territories . 
  the territories have no constitutional role . 
  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/over-60000-welfare-spentper-household-poverty_657889.html closest thing i can find so far , it calculates this number by federal welfare spending / families living below the poverty line ( what the government considers poor enough for aid ) . 
  the number they came to is $ 60,000 per household . 
  but even the article admits that that 's inaccurate because not all familes below the poverty line receive welfare . 
  looking for that now . 
   have you any stats on where the figure comes from though as i 'd love to know how much this sort of bureaucracy costs in general ? 
  i 'll try to find where i first read it when i get free time today . 
  it might not be that much but considering the red tape it has to cross , i think a basic income would still be much more cost efficient because all that bureaucracy would be doing is 1 ) checking you live in the country and 2 ) making sure it 's going to the right account . 
  in countries like the united states you 'd have to raise taxes but we do n't have a very well developed welfare system , finland might not need to at all because theirs is very robust . 
   what 's the expected cost of this it 's expected to be cheaper than normal benefits . 
  if you wan na receive welfare , you got ta apply for it , which needs someone to read it , and then someone to verify that you actually need the money ( on more than one occaision in some models ) , it needs a ton of paper work and people processing it to give it to you . 
  this is compounded when you consider that most benefits are in the form of multiple programs ( jobseekers allowance , childcare , housing subsidies , food stamps ) . 
  i believe that in the us , in order for a family of four to receive $ 20,000 / year of welfare the government has to spend something close to $ 100,000 verifying the paperwork and paying the people who process that paperwork . 
  with a basic income , there is a much smaller bureaucracy to simply verify you live in the country and that the payment is going to the right person . 
  some of the benefits might be necessary to maintain even with a basic income , but most could be phased out and the money that would normally be going to that could go to the basic income fund . 
  it 's possible , especially in finland , to not raise taxes at all since they already have a very generous welfare system . 
  plus [ studies ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/basicincome/wiki/index#wiki_that.27s_all_very_well.2c_but_where.27s_the_evidence.3f ) indicate that in the long term it would be good and would pay for itself . 
  check out / r/basicincome and the [ faq ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/basicincome/wiki/index ) . 
  but what if they like , have a second home in madrid ?!? 
  ! ### for real though , it 's like some people do n't consider simple plugs like that can be filled . 
  what 's the average of germany 's ? 
  i only see berlin 's prices and prices of other cities . 
  ya the more i begin to understand how much the council fucks things up for the eu the more i understand the euroskeptics and the reformists . 
  `` let me go with a warning only . '', 
  should n't it be `` drop all charges '' ? 
  that sucks though , i could n't even imagine . 
  the news is a great thing when they do n't sensationalize bullshit . 
  they 're only an `` influence '' because their ideology is a convenience for some other conservatives and they do things now and then to pander to them . 
  i do n't really see that happening in europe with these guys . 
  no they do not . 
  when was the last time america passed an overtly christian inspired law , huh ? 
  and i 'm not talking about obscure state laws that have been on the books since before women 's sufferage . 
  they 're only in the news because they 're so weird . 
  quit your fear mongering . 
  for real . 
  statistically , the number of muslims who actually think this is comparable to the number of american conservatives who think the bible should inform politicians when making laws . 
  `` literally '' as in , not a hyperbole from left-wing idiots , but i bet if you polled americans and they answered honestly , their numbers would be similar to these radicals . 
  people in this sub need to stop and think . 
  it used to be a cool place but lately , it 's become a cesspool of bigotry and hate . 
  you got ta look , man . 
  flights between atlanta and houston for 30 dollars . 
  idk i flew with norwegian air last summer and i thought it was pretty good . 
  but i was also mostly hung over and oblivious to everything . 
  the swiss did it right by making you go to a polling station . 
  i did n't know that about the german constitutional court . 
  but if the ecj , as an eu institution , has the power to interpret eu law and if it goes beyond what the treaties define as ok , is n't that not too different from the us supreme court ? 
  i mean that in a genuine curious way and not a confrontational way , i know it 's easy to misread tone online . 
  i know that there 's a fundamental difference between a constitution and a treaty ( treaties are something governments agree to , and constitutions something people theoretically agree to ) . 
  but i agree that the eu should n't push to more `` federalism '' until there is popular support . 
  it should have remained as an intereconimic community rather than pushing for being a political one . 
  that 's my opinion . 
   the eu is n't a federal government and it does n't have any kind of supremacy over national governments ( essentially the whole states rights argument , except that the states in question have independent armed forces ... 
  yes it does , the treaties give supremecy of european law over national law . 
  and the eu being called a `` supranational union '' i think is a cop-out to calling it what it actually is : a confederation . 
  the states are still sovreign but some of that sovreignty is pooled . 
  keep in mind , the united states were originally founded as a collection of independent nations with their own governments , militaries , currencies etc. 
  under the articles of confederation . 
  this was natural because each of the states ( when they were colonies ) were treated seperately under british rule . 
  they only united 10 years later because they were fearful that seperately they were too weak to resist a european invasion . 
  even if it was n't a real threat , the perception that it was was still really strong . 
  but even then , for a very long time it was more common to say `` the united states are ... '' instead of `` the united states is ... '' , it was still accepted that the states held supreme reign over domestic affairs and the federal government just stayed out of the way . 
  it was n't until almost 100 years after the civil war , when many americans started writing `` the united states is ... '' , until the federal government started to become highly involved in domestic affairs ( the new deal , formation of federal police called fbi , civil rights etc. . . ) . 
  so even by american standards , the concept of a highly developed federal structure is really new , and i should add that it 's also still highly controversial among a lot of americans . 
  the only main difference here is 1 ) your ( con ) federal structure is very young , 2 ) your constituent states are individually much older and 3 ) your constituent states each have much more diversified culture with almost each state having its own language . 
  i 'm not saying people taking issue with how the eu does things or with the existence of a power structure above their nation-state are invalid or that the concerns are invalid . 
  but i think europeans are fooling themselves by trying to avoid `` federal '' or `` confederal '' to describe the eu . 
  i like how this is `` revealed '' by an anti-euro party as if it were a secret . 
  scandalous . 
  i 'm all for eu , and government in general , accountability . 
  but i have to be honest , i do n't see how this is different from a us state , german * bundesland * , or a canadian provincial government asking members in the federal legislatures to push through a bill that 's not popular locally . 
  then again , we ( americans ) have municipal governments that pass local anti-discrimmination laws to protect lgbt individuals and the state governments pass laws saying municipalities can not pass such laws . 
  so maybe this is something i need to think more on . 
  let 's see how / r/kreiswichs takes this . 
  agreed . 
  and the title should n't suggest that this is a systemic thing . 
  from the article , it just gives the account of one dude 's experience . 
  it 's wrong and it should n't have happened and the perpetrators should be dealt with , but it 's dishonest to word the title that way . 
   is n't the two party system ( like in the us ) mostly a consequence of their first past the post system ? 
  that 's part of it , sure . 
  but presidential elections make the elections more about the * person * rather than the * party * , let alone the party 's platform . 
  edit : it should be noted that donald actually breaks from the republican platform for the past several decades in several ways . 
  like he 's ** said ** he wants more taxes for the rich and more benefits . 
  but media here ( and i assume abroad ) focuses on him . 
  same can be said of hillary . 
  the spitzenkandidaten would still need to be elected by the parliament , yea ? 
  unless you meant that the epp and s&p were trying to associate their party with schulz and juncker .
