   a presidential election seems to be very personality based . 
  yep . 
  and people get all excited about the presidential elections but then forget all about the legislature . 
  look at obama 's administration . 
  gridlocked cause not nearly as many people paid attention to the congressional election as the presidential . 
  i know the congressional elections have problems like gerrymandering and non-competative elections , but i feel like that balance of power would n't have shifted had people paid attention more and went out to vote for congress two years after obama 's first term . 
  with obama in the wh and if the dems controlled both houses of congress , the dems would have passed whatever law they wanted and would n't have to `` negotiate '' with the reps. 
  i say `` negotiate '' because everyone knows the gop 's policy became `` fuck up obama '' the moment he was sworn in . 
  a really effing good one . 
  i 'll admit i 'm a socialist at heart , but there needs to be a well established social state before any meaningful change can happen . 
  build that foundation . 
  there was a maoist party in portugal ? 
  well what do you think a gun is for ? 
  i mean you can say that about anything illegal . 
  slaves , child porn , guns , etc. 
  that does n't mean the only solution is to say `` fuck it '' and let * everyone * have easy access . 
  oh man , you caught me . 
  well it seems like the attackers might have been anti foreign ? 
  we 'll see as the event develops . 
  these past few attacks remind me of the individual 11 from ghost in the shell . 
  no real organization , but is puts their ideology out there and hopes that already present islamaphobia and economic uncertainty will catch someone and get them to act . 
  feeding islamaphobia and continuing the cycle . 
  hate to tell y' all , but i feel like the terrorists have already won . 
  i sort of agree . 
  it 's showing the consequences of leaving the eu , but that does n't mean strengthening the eu is the next logical step . 
  knowing nigel , he 'll blame every bad thing that happens to the uk on the eu `` being childish '' and euroskeptics elsewhere will probably agree and not feel discouraged . 
  they can strengthen the eu as much as they 'd like and make it more transparent but at the end of the day , the eu is only strong when all it 's members are a united front . 
  if they were united in taking the refugees i feel like they could have come up with a solution to tracking refugees accross the eu and be able to provide the proper support they need to avoid radicalization . 
  germany 's refugee and migrant agency wrote to the chancellor about how despite her promise to help the refugees , she did not provide them with the proper funds and man power they need to cope with the influx . 
  britain only promised to take in something like 20,000 over four years . 
  the refugee crisis is just one and the most recent example . 
  if they were more united in dealing with the eurozone crisis , how to deal with radicalization , and countries like turkey and hungary actually stepping backwards in democratic development , the continent would have a greater influence . 
  but that unity that europe , and really the whole west , once had is gone and we 're weaker because of it . 
  ... maybe we should have more of the council of europe ? 
  just kidding i have no idea . 
  tbf several states in the us and regions of other countries suddenly want to break away whenever there is an economic downturn or when that region is doing a bit better . 
  only thing is the eu states are already sovreign . 
  on point . 
  i agree with the earlier poster that a two-tier europe would be a good strategy , but there is n't even two countries with a significant enough majorty to justify deeper integration . 
  i think any new treaties for integration should warrant referenda , just like the referenda to join the eu or its earlier forms . 
  again , that earns them a spot in the history books . 
  but they should n't be surprised that research is going elsewhere post-brexit . 
  it 's enough to earn a place in the history books . 
  it 's not enough to stand on their own feet today . 
  at least not as well as within the eu or when they had a massive sea empire . 
  what https://media.giphy.com/media/dgu1ct9wqtj9u/giphy.gif, 
  that 's good stuff . 
  that 's likely too . 
  it 's implying that the system was purposely built to be that way to discourage as many people as possible from staying long term . 
   it 's not unusual that the best will give up and move somewhere else once they get asylum . 
  i think you found an ulterior motive . 
  as an american living in the dirty south ( atlanta ) , i 've met quite a few rural americans who have some strong opinions about the eu ( even some alabamans ! ) . 
  basically think it 's a massive plutocracy of `` cultural marxists '' imposing their secular , anti-european world view on the innocent , christian europeans and that they habitually undermine democracy . 
  i suppose there is a grain of truth ( criticism of the eu having a democratic deficit ) but everything else is just misinformed shit that they get from the daily mail via breitbart . 
  to be honest though , 95 % of rural americans have only a vague idea about what the eu is and usually have little opinion of it . 
  though about half are suspicious but honest enough to say that they do n't know enough to have a `` real '' opinion . 
  i do n't mean that it 's going the way erdogan wanted , but i think it 's conceivable . 
  that 's probably not as far-fetched as you imagine . 
  language communities move around , and some borrows can come indirectly through other languages . 
  i do n't know enough about either language to comment , but i find it hard to imagine that two language communities so geographically close for so long not borrowing a lot of vocabulary . 
  it has to do with lexical differences . 
  the lines do n't show relatedness , they show how many words in common they have . 
  albanian and slovenian very likely have exchanged some words . 
  i 'm not talking about laws . 
  i 'm talking about agreements between labor unions and employer associations . 
  denmark has no * de jure * minimum wage , but it does have a * de facto * one of about $ 15 / hour due to similar arrangements . 
  these wage floors vary by industry but there are enough of them and they 're high enough that industries without these floors have * de facto * wage floors to prevent losing workers to the higher paid industries . 
  according to this [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_minimum_wages_by_country ) article , it 's confirming what i 'm talking about . 
  from the article :  none ; however , a minority of the voluntary general labour contracts ( glc , collective labour agreements ) , reached on a sector-by-sector basis , [ 210 ] contain minimum compensation clauses , which provide for compensation ranging from chf 2,200 to 4,200 ( $ 2,363 to $ 4,511 ) per month for unskilled workers and chf 2,800 to 5,300 ( $ 3,010 to $ 5,693 ) per month for skilled employees . 
  [ 8 ] on 18 may 2014 , swiss voters rejected an initiative ( by 76.3 % ) that would have enforced glcs for every sector and set the hourly minimum wage at chf 22 ( $ 24.65 ) or ( ppp-adjusted : $ 12.55 ), 
  but there are minimum wages at the canton level , are n't there ? 
  and even without a nationally mandated minimum wage , are there union agreements for specifc industries that require basic minimums on pay ? 
  oh so it has to do with the value of the chf ? 
  i thought it might had something to do with wages or something . 
  i heard canton minimum wages could be really high , but was never sure if that was true . 
  why exactly is everything so much more expensive there , though ? 
  i know a big reason in scandinavia is because the taxes are higher , but from what i understand , swiss taxation is relatively low compared to most european countries . 
  most americans will see the `` make less money '' part and the `` more money on healthcare '' part and say `` well at least we do n't live in some socialist , breadline hell hole . 
  in america , we believe in freedom . '', 
  propaganda is a helluva drug . 
  the unifier who was insulting civil rights leaders during mlk weekend ? 
  yeah , real unifier . 
  d 2 . o 3 . n ' 4 . t 5 . s 6 . n 7 . i 8 . t 9 . c 10 . h, 
  i kinda wan na see american homicide rates by county next to european states / provinces because i think a lot will be of similar size . 
  though american state populations will probably be more similar to the european counterparts . 
  what about bier ? 
  wow , included iceland * and * greenland . 
  lived in mongolia , i feel like theyre the world leader in milk consumption . 
  i mean i teach immigrants academic english and i wan na say like 70-80 % are from developing countries . 
  if they 're not smart , they 're hard workers . 
  but most were able to afford the flight , tuition , and visa / immigration paperwork because either they or their families are privileged and wealthy . 
  but success in the program depends on their individual merit and they know that , most of them at least . 
  some are able to get scholarships or grants from our government or their governments and just how they got those depends , but it 's not random farmers who are getting it . 
  it takes a lot of money , know-how , and work for immigrants of developing countries to move into a developed one . 
  not always , but that 's the general rule . 
  got ta pick your battles . 
  do you think this is a good / neutral / bad thing ? 
  do you think people should try to become more organized or do you think globalization and other economic pressures make this harder / impossible to do ? 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  i had some british friends come over right when the american federal government had its shut down in 2013 .
