  they thought this meant that police , emergency services , and waste management services would not be functioning ; they did n't realize that those things were usually financed and managed by the states . 
  had to use the analogy that if the eu had a `` shut down '' because of failure to pass a budget , that it would hardly affect those functions because most things are handled by the member states . 
  similarly , they could n't get how a democrat could be in the white house and dems control congress and that we still have some * very * socially conservative laws in our state . 
  they got that we had a state legislature , but they could n't get that federalism is not the same as devolution , so the national ( federal ) government ca n't just overrule the state laws , at least not in those areas . 
  i 'm a native southerner , and the shit is propaganda . 
  i clearly remember in history class in 7th grade the teacher spent a whole week on why the slaveholder rebellion was * not * about slavery , and we have memorials all around the state for major battles during the war . 
  nothing along the lines of `` and here is where a market once stood where our ancestors did some barbaric things . '', 
  nope , all `` glory '' and `` heritage '' . 
  defenders of the confederacy usually shut up though when i ask them `` the right to do what ? '', 
  when they harp on about states rights . 
  people keep consoling themselves with that but i 'm still hesitant that that will save france . 
  the british referendum did n't have an electoral college , either . 
  not saying it will but an elitist centrist ( macron / clinton ) running against a xenophobic protofacist ( lepenn / trump ) with the proto-facist getting direct / indirect support from russia and emails being released at the last moment ... plus how dismissive of a lepen presidency everyone is . 
  i 'm just saying , it feels like i 'm reliving the american election and it makes me nervous . 
  i hope the lack of an electoral college stops lepenn , but i also think french people should n't be so confident . 
  the french election just keeps reminding me of the american one . 
  i hope the outcome does n't remind me of it , either . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  i 'm just saying not to count your chickens before the eggs hatch . 
  i 'm aware , but i believe we also had polls that strongly indicated for clinton and regions that were expected to go to clinton went to trump . 
  it 's likely that several people refused to talk to media because of their distrust . 
  same thing could be happening in france . 
  not hoping , but a lot of the rheroric surrounding the campaign reminds me a bit of the us election and a lot of alarm bells are going off . 
  i 'm just saying to not count your chickens before your eggs hatch . 
   le pen killed her chance for the presidency . 
  she was too absurd , she thought it was a reality tv show as shown with this do n't make the same mistake we did , france . 
  we thought the same thing . 
  i 'm a little skeptical of that source . 
  i read the whole thing in lepenn 's voice because it reminded me of an interview with her where she said `` france does n't tolerate public symbols / displays of faith '' but i 'm sure her and her supporters would n't blink an eye at a christian nun or someone wearing a necklace with a cross . 
  cause let 's be honest , it 's not ethnic enough to be threatening . 
  the increase in niqab might have more to do with immigration and naturalization of the children of immigrants than people already in france being pressured into wearing it . 
  but this source 's methodology is nowhere to be seen . 
  it does n't at all demonstrate that wearing the burka or niqab leads to radicalism most of the time or even some of the time , it 's just a government document stating `` we do n't like the burka '' . 
  i 'm all for education and state support of women who are trying to leave strongly fundamentalist communities and helping women in these communities assert their independence when they want to . 
  requiring the face to be visible in ids and at security checkpoints ( like at airports or train stations ) is perfectly reasonable in my book . 
  i 'm pro eu and i think in order to survive , the eu needs a comprehensive immigration and refugee policy and more coordinated methods of screening refugees and immigrants , for both the sake of the refugees and the eu project . 
  but banning clothing might just make the problem worse and other methods need to be applied . 
   also , i have to say that this idea of `` not banning anything '' is a very american viewpoint of liberty . 
  oh boy , we 're the most ban-happy people ever . 
  we ban things and do n't understand why we do half the time . 
  and you should know that europe is perceived to be the land where one can express themselves more , by both liberals and conservatives ( you can guess who probably sees this as a good thing )  in europe it 's not uncommon to ban things in order to promote secularism or liberty for exposed groups . 
  it was super common for europe to ban things in order to promote christianity , too . 
  because europe and america have this in common , i 'm gon na go ahead and keeping calling us both `` western '' and recognize that there are differences within the category . 
  but banning things because of a vague notion of liberty and morality was n't right then and it 's not right now . 
  it might be common nontheless , but that does n't mean it 's a good thing . 
  again , the source you posted did n't demonstrate how banning has a positive outcome , or any outcome at all because it read more like an opinion piece than an actual study . 
  ** tl ; dr ** i 'm still not convinced but i recognize that we do have some common ground . 
  also gon na say thanks for the civil discourse so far . 
  i hope it continues . 
  you still have n't described how other people wearing burkas might mean more people will wear burkas . 
  i can see that only working for very specific cases but not generally . 
  banning people from wearing something might just want them to wear it more and romanticize the struggle . 
  mentioning mormons was n't to showcase an example of `` dress code gone right '' , because as you said they can be pretty extreme when it comes to family structure stuff . 
  but there are mormons who are pretty mainstream but still wear the dresscode . 
  what you missed was that america 's most problematic christians , the ones who want to tear down church and state and have carried out actual attacks , do n't wear a uniform of dresscode . 
  they dress like any other american . 
  anyways , point is what someone wears does n't really showcase their ideology and banning someone from wearing something wo n't equate to accepting western values . 
  that will take actual work and energy . 
   i want a multicultural society , and that is n't possible with religious extremism in the mix . 
  i agree with you . 
  but i 'm not sure that wearing a burka is anymore a litmus test for islamic extremism than the mormon dress code . 
  i mean , america 's most problematic christian extremists do n't dress any differently from secular or mainstream christian americans . 
  and even if a burka is a 100 % indicator of extremism , do you think banning it will make them think `` yeah women rights are good '' or `` i sha n't eat pork but other people can if they want '' ? 
   so when turkey , tunisia and syria attempted bans , they were racist ? 
  i never said burka bans were racist , but i do think it 's a dangerous move . 
  the racism i was referring to was racism towards european muslims or europeans of middle eastern decent being targetted by other europeans for no reason other than their heritage or faith . 
   women were commodities . 
   they veiled them because `` it 's my property and i do n't want it to be used in any way by any other person '' . 
  i get that , but some women might still choose to wear the burka . 
  we can outlaw husbands forcing women to wear the burka and we already have laws protecting women and spouses . 
  i think a woman would have to be more than a bit weird to want to wear it , it kind of reminds me of the weird outfits that mormon wives wear , but hey they can leave that if they want to . 
   you think any moderate , integrated muslims will go `` alright , time to join isis '' if the law passes ? 
  or do you think they will be relieved ? 
  i think their intention is to get young , single muslims to jump the fence and carry out their own attacks like we 've seen in germany and sweden ( the truck drivers ) and elsewhere . 
  whether it 's their intention or not , it 's deffo fueling a lot of racism and xenophobia and making europe weaker because of it . 
  this 110 % . 
  plus giving into the fear plays into isis 's propaganda and legitimizes their war . 
  literally said it was an exaggeration in the next sentence , but ok . 
  i agree . 
  most americans are taught that having a strong executive is natural and a pretty good thing . 
  it 's not until you start studying other systems and assess your own values do you see the benefits or problems of the systems you live under . 
  i characterize american democracy as `` electoral dictatorship '' to my friends and family to drive home just how undemocratic a lot features in our system are . 
  i know it 's an exaggeration , but there are a lot of concerning aspects to how our government is elected . 
  the american president has one of those two powers . 
  scotland smotland . 
  i 'm american . 
  i would be very upset to see halloween become a bigger and bigger thing in europe . 
  it 's one of my favorite holidays becuase it 's `` our thing '' ( i understand it came from celtic paganism ) . 
  agreed , just because technical schools exist and community colleges resemble vocational colleges in europe does n't mean that they are as effective or given as much emphasis as they need . 
  good point . 
  sweden ? 
  it 's obligated to but it 's financial ministry just has n't `` gotten around to it '' and there does n't seem to be a huge push for it to join . 
  loads of member states have n't adopted it, 
  maybe snp thinks it 's nonsense because lots of scottish law is in line with european law so there would n't be any barriers to membership , other than the applying for membership since it 's a new state . 
  they probably see the application step as a mere formality . 
  thank you, 
  i once made a german club tshirt that had the german flag on it with a doughnut and a bite on the flat , at the bottom it said `` ich bin ein berliner '' . 
  as an american , i apologize for the spamming . 
  the only thing fun about the superbowl is going to the lake and drinking shittons of beer and not actually watching the game . 
  newcastle and hoegaarden , for those who are wondering .
