  i agree with that . 
  i think dealing with refugees in europe is short-term and just puts a band-aid on the problem . 
  and that america should take more refugees . 
  but you 're right , solving the issue in syria is more sustainable for everyone . 
  hey man i 'm just some random redditor . 
  i 'm not a policy maker . 
  i 'm just making suggestions , but at least i 'm doing that . 
  i think you 're creating a false dichotomy . 
  certainly a balance can be found and i think allowing refugees to work would have to be an essential part . 
  forgive me , for some reason i thought it was 88 million and i was rounding up . 
  that 's why i think a common european refugee policy is what 's needed . 
  every eu country gives the exact same refugee benefits and standards of being a refugee . 
  it would certainly lessen benefit-shopping . 
  that 's the short term ( even though i know that eu level law making is slow ) . 
  the long term would be making syria and the region * actually * stable . 
  that 's the root of the problem . 
  i do n't get it . 
  800,000 in a year sounds like a lot but for a country of ~ ~ 90 ~ ~ 80 million it sounds more like the german agencies processing the refugees are overwhelmed from being underfunded / undermanned than `` a lot of refugees '' . 
  actually dealing with isis , the problems in syria , and * actually * rebuilding would definitely slow the rate of refugees down . 
  in the mean time , a common european refugee plan to spread the weight of the refugees around and giving refugee agencies the proper funding they need would be a good plan . 
  it 's not like once they 're there the automatically have asylum . 
  they have to apply for that status or else be deported as illegals . 
  to get that status you got ta prove you are who you say you are . 
  just cause they corssed the border does n't mean they 'll achieve it . 
  that does n't mean it 's gon na be a massive problem for all of them . 
  i really hope you 're being sarcastic . 
  if not : wat . 
  just look at this guy 's post . 
   ask swedish people in the nice suburb with lovely houses , where it 's safe , you have enough room , nobody gets gang raped by muslims , the kids are happy , they do n't get terrorized by immigrant gangs in school , nobody gets mugged by young arab men . 
  they will love immigrants . 
  ask the same thing in the place where i lived in stockholm . 
  arab youth gangs were always in the metro station building , the police got called multiple times . 
  we got told if they do n't leave they will close down the building and we ca n't use the metro . 
  we had the same type of groups smoking in our staircase in the building where i lived , even though they did n't live there , staring at you threateningly if you came out . 
  a few times they started setting cars on fire at night for fun . 
  my friend 's sister is a really pretty white girl . 
  in school the arab boys constantly bothered her , kept threatening her with rape , because according to them white whores are good only for that according to allah . 
  ask these people , they will not want any more immigrants from third world countries at all . 
  who do you see at protests ? 
  not the poor people who work , live in the real world , have to deal with these `` lovely '' immigrants all the time . 
  it 's always the suburban , bored champagne socialist type people . 
  the anecdotal evidence !, 
  i could talk about my own experience in sweden and the conversations i have with swedish friends and how it 's completely opposite of that guy , but it does n't mean my evidence is stronger . 
  it just means you ca n't trust anecdotal evidence !, 
  consider the fact it 's ~ 200,000 immigrants . 
  that 's hardly a big enough number to call it an `` exodus '' that will make europe several shades darker like the media is pretending it is . 
  this whole thing is blown way out of proportion and has only achieved in making / r/europe resemble / r/stormfront . 
  trump is appealing to a very specific demographic that in no way represents the states . 
  the media is only covering him because he 's a clown . 
  especially when many of these refugees are travelling with their families . 
  i 'd try to find the best for my family too . 
  i think it 'd be better if the eu had a common refugee policy , so refugees got the exact same benefits and aide as any other country , and if they choose to stay the process of becoming a citizen or resident is the same for refugees . 
  that alone would discourage a lot of refugees from country-shopping . 
  asylum seekers are given homes or temporary shelters , no ? 
  i feel like the `` winter is coming '' meme is a distraction . 
  they 're going to sweden , not outer mongolia . 
  yeah you 're right , the whole eu should do fuckall because some memebers did very little to contribute to regional destablization . 
  nevermind that it would still benefit those countries to see a stable middle east . 
  it 's like saying that because i never supported the war nor contributed to it in any way that the republicans should come up with a policy to rebuild . 
  hey i said america has a stronger moral obligation . 
  but it affects you guys directly so there ought to be more impetus . 
  i ca n't help but think that a migration of 200,000 is n't enough to call it a `` mass exodus '' . 
  and no one is advocating `` illegal migrants '' to just show up and work and be given aid , but people who are legitimately fleeing war / persecution in their homelands . 
  i 'm certain europeans countries receiving asylum seekers are verifying that no fakers are coming through . 
  does europe need a common refugee policy ? 
  probably , it would prevent one country from being unfairly burdened . 
  but if europe really ** wants ** to stop asylum seekers from coming , they should n't make europe inhospitable , ** they should make the refugees ' home countries more livable . 
  ** some people might ask , `` why should we be responsible for their countries ? '', 
  because europe and america contributed in some way or another to destablize the middle east and have made zero effort to rebuild . 
  i 'm sure western europe remembers and appreciates the marshall plan that helped to rebuild at the end of ww2 . 
  europe and america should create and fund a marshall plan for the middle east , especially for syria and iraq . 
  even if it 's `` harder because of cultural differences '' , we should just do it anyways because it 's an investment that benefits everyone , and europe and america ( especially america ) are morally obligated because of our contributions to the war . 
  what 's weird is i do n't think we have stuff like this in the states . 
  maybe for specific cities , like `` i wan na go to new york '' or `` i wan na go to la and become a movie star '' but never `` i wan na go to california / florida '' . 
  probably because our asylum policy is homogenous accross the states . 
  probably does n't matter if a bunch of them were a bit choosey about where they went . 
  but we 're also kinda an island , getting to us is n't as simple as hopping a border ( unless you 're from south america i guess ) . 
  which kinda sucks cause our military and our presence in the middle east directly or indirectly created the conditions for this mass exodus . 
  we destabalized a region , did n't rebuild at all , and i feel like most americans do n't feel responsible . 
  so , sorry guys . 
  more than likely it was someone else 's friend who said something that was exaggerated into being a mercedes and a house . 
  and then it became a personal friend and not a friend of a friend of a friend . 
  yep . 
  no i saw the legend . 
  i just thought it was hilarious . 
  of course they 'd have the medals for cross country skiing . 
  lol , norway, 
  i mean it 's that or heat stroke . 
  what are you even talking about, 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  i 'm a bit curious what america 's policy on asylum seekers is . 
  granted , we do n't have a strong welfare infrastructure , so it might not even be relevant . 
  i think he was hoping to get bystanders to believe that or the cops would back down from being accused of as corrupt since they 're so polite . 
  or in the case that it went to court , he could have a narrative . 
  he saw people were filming the incident . 
  source : i see this shit happen a lot . 
  i feel like they did before the video started , and either he did n't understand or he 's a dick . 
   we 're letting in people that fucking hate our societies and us . 
  i think more just want to live someplace with good infrastructure and not worried about getting shot . 
  like the damn irish .
