daaaaaaaayuuuuum, 
  i was visiting some friends who live in sweden this summer and we took a ferry from sweden to aland ( i do n't know how to make the circle over the a ) and he told me that many people take this `` booze cruise '' to aland specifically for the duty free alcohol . 
  he handed me two crates of beer and said `` hold this '' while he filled his bags with handles of liquor . 
  * reluctantly gives upvote *, 
  the fact that nc is as rich as norway enrages me , when you consider the wildly different standards of living . 
  maybe i stated my question poorly . 
  how do differing fiscal policies mess up a currency union or a common currency ? 
  was studierest du ? 
  is n't that kind of the point of the single-market though ? 
  it benefits the whole single-market area but not individual markets because now there 's only one european market . 
  i think if you looked at the german states before they unified under the german empire or even the german union ( deutscher bund ) , you 'd probably see the economies shifting as they became one big german market , rather than just the bavarian market , prussian market usw ... 
  it might kind of suck for some individual states / regions but it benefits the the entire entity as a whole . 
  but i 'm not an economist either , so i could be way off the mark . 
   you know why they are ignoring domestic abuse calls ? 
  probably because they are stretched too thin . 
  stretched too thin by idiotic things like the war on drugs , or idiots calling about not getting enough french fries with their burger . 
  actually they 're ignoring the domestic abuse calls cause 70 % of their budget comes from fines , so they 're incentivized to pay less attention to problems like domestic abuse . 
  i doubt any of them are * actually * stretched too thin answering stupid calls , i see them all the time sitting on street corners waiting to catch a driver going a little too fast or waiting outside ghettos to harrass a black kid on the off chance that they have weed . 
  they do n't wait outside the white neighborhoods to harrass the white kids , who are probably holding just as much as the black kids are , because their parents are their bosses . 
  while these are problems that do n't necissarily stem from cops being choosey about which calls they answer and which they do n't , i do n't think you realize that having cops answer stupid calls about a flag is a much better problem than what it could be . 
  until an operator makes a bad call and turns out a victim was reaching out for help . 
  best for the police to investigate each call for nothing than be selective and potentially allow bad things to play out . 
  i fucking wish cops did this in my area . 
  they pretty much ignore domestic abuse calls , even when the victim calls and tells the operator point blank that they are scared for their life because of how intense the abuse is , they 'll almost always be turned down . 
  the police pretty much only respond to cases / incidents that could mean a fine ( i.e. 
  traffic violations and drug related activity ) . 
  i clearly did n't get enough sleep last night . 
  thought / r/irishsultan was talking about the uk . 
  might as well have made the `` other '' bar red , white , and blue instead of gray . 
  we all know 99.99 % of that category is ` murica . 
  edit : fuck . 
  just read the `` european nato members '' part . 
  nevermind . 
  and technically only the parliament in westminster counts since you guys have a * devolved unitary * government and not a * federal * government . 
  i kind of think british people genuinely do n't understand how federalism works . 
  back when the american federal government shut down for about two weeks , my british friend 's parents were in america on holiday and she said `` thankfully the government opened the national parks back up . '', 
  i explained that it was actually the * state * governments that opened the * national * parks back up since they ( the national parks ) are usually partially or wholly funded by the * federal * government . 
  but after a while and congress not looking like it was going to resolve anything soon , the states stepped in so that they would n't lose too much tourism . 
  this seemed to baffle her , especially the part about states collecting their own taxes to fund their own projects and agencies while the federal government was a completely seperate entity . 
  i would like to think that the bbc is just ignorant like my friend , but my gut tells me that they 're taking advantage of this misunderstanding and they 're playing a game . 
  looks like a town just forty minutes from where i am now . 
  i live in jawja . 
  i doubt that anyone really is . 
  i 've seen a few other bills presented in the duma that were kinda racist / antiforeign that only had one opposing votes . 
  i get the feeling that this is to give the appearance of a democracy , `` but an overwhelming number of people support it so it 's ok '' . 
  if you know what i mean . 
  a better writer than me needs to submit this story in full to / r/nosleep . 
  no , i 'm quite aware that it 's illegal to deny the holocaust , do the nazi salute in public , or have nazi symbols in public ( even movie posters have to alter them for germany if they have swatzikas and shit ) . 
  even though these laws made sense immediately after the war , these laws seem outdated to me now . 
  but the article says nothing about people actually * joining * isis , just peole waiving their flags around . 
  i do n't think it actually crosses a line until they 've actually joined , or are collaborating with isis in some way . 
  saying it 's comparable to the patriot act does n't exactly make me feel better about germany 's actions . 
  i did n't mean to make it sound like america is some moral authority , i was just giving the example of gross racists being allowed to say what they want to say as long as they did n't do anything about the way they felt . 
  there are loads of religious groups in america who routinely say all sorts of bs * against other americans * . 
  if some germans are sending money , information , or receiving instructions from isis , then that 's an actual threat to democracy . 
  people waiving some flags and generally making themselves out to be jackasses is n't a threat to democracy at all . 
  as much as i dislike isis and isil and all the other extremist groups out there , is n't this law kinda violating some freedom of speech principle ? 
  like , cracking down on the sharia police makes sense . 
  cracking down on people for having an opinion seems to be another . 
  in america , we allow racists to say racist bullshit as long as they do n't act on it . 
  maybe there 's more to this that i 'm not understanding . 
  fine fine , it 's the whole country . 
  the daily mail just likes to freak the cuss out over the queen . 
  i think alex salmond has said that scotland would retain the queen as their head of state ; much like canada , australia , and other commonwealth realms . 
  but some msps have said they 'd address that in a constitutional convention right away . 
  of course the french would do this . 
  * screw french language . 
  * * joking, 
  i said the same thing a few weeks ago when he said he 'll do something about tax loopholes . 
  cept when it 's about british food . 
  from what i understand , there have been a series of constitutional amendments that lessen democracy in hungary . 
  according to eu treaties , the comission * must * use the guillotine clause on member states that take backward steps from being a liberal democracy . 
  maybe this is what heglesen meant when he said he was surprised at the eu 's lack of response . 
  seems like your commie education has failed to teach you to english . 
  can we find the full interview ? 
  i want to see how he responded . 
  holy run-on . 
   blacks slow down , adolf . 
  cause its such a ridiculous statement i refuse to believe that two people think the same way . 
  plus * the boondocks * did a sketch of it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fatv9iw0mo0 ninja edit !, 
  better video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkhzeyansbe, 
  um , it 's a reference to a teacher in america who tried justifying calling one of his students the n word . 
  it 's kind of a running joke . 
  i think it 's a wonderful name . 
  awesome . 
  did anyone get a chance to ask him how strict `` no alcohol '' meant ? 
  japanese pm : gods , not this shit again . 
  yeah , i got it was friendly banter . 
  i bantered back . 
  if you ca n't handle being bantered back , do n't do it yourself . 
  and :  ... most of the american pioneers were persecuted in europe for things like religion . 
  europe was not a nice place . 
  exactly , we left . 
  you did n't get rid of us , we left . 
  thanks , putin . 
  i meant with them making such a big fuss ( appearing to , anyways ) , i thought maybe the euroskeptics would be coming out by the omnibus load to vote ukip or something . 
  but i guess that goes back to the perception of european elections being irrelevent . 
  damn uk , i thought they 'd be at least 50 % . 
  [ bet you do n't have this , though ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/x/dirndl-beer-oktoberfest-15027267.jpg ),
