yes very much true , literally all the power was centered at the sultan in the ottoman empire , but you probably understand why we use it as bit of a moniker for erdogan . 
  let me guess : massive inflation ? 
  the rest of the eu is watching to see if it ends well , if it does we might do the same . 
  sooo , is luxembourgish hard to learn ? 
  little note , ` platt ' praten is how most dutch people refer to speaking in the non standardized dutch way ( abn ) this goes for all dialects like ` plat utrechts , or plat haags ' ( ` flat ' utrecht dialect or ` flat ' hague dialect ) etc. 
  but this also applies to rural towns and farms etc. 
  r/cirkeltrek is lekking, 
  to be fair to bulgaria , dutch longevity is probably because of milk and dairy aswell . 
  true , but some of it is because while cannabis is tolerated/allowed it 's not fully legalized here . 
  on one hand , selling cannabis is allowed in coffee shops and they are allowed to have up too 500 grams in stock . 
  but on the other hand growing more than 5 plants is n't allowed and somehow these coffee shops get stocked . 
  and ofcourse also the smuggling like / u/pletterpet and / u/hailzorpthesurveyor already stated, 
  is n't libya save at all currently ? 
  really bold comparison , because goldylocks wants to ban the quran or does the afd want this as well ? 
  not familliar with moffen polititcs , how are these guys racist ? 
  just curious, 
  were you about to call him mongool and then just gave up ? 
  historians are shit at naming empires then . 
  i suppose it 's objective , but many people really appreciate this kind of art , but tastes differ, 
   ... not to mention the regression of art ... 
  i would n't say that , some of the religious icons of the byzantine era are regarded as the very best religious art pieces in existence , the theotokos of vladimir comes to mind , but there are other examples . 
  they do have so many lakes . 
  just waiting to be turned into beautiful polders, 
  that can be allot for some people, 
  baltic states are central europe ? 
  should n't it be eastern or northern europe ? 
  it 's a bit more accepted though , than in the us, 
  any reason why we get these more restrictive laws ? 
  it works again , but currently it 's very slow, 
  yes , but the danes were like this aswell , raping , looting , killing and conquering all along the coast of europe , in the dark ages . 
  [ through plundering a dane actually became duke of frisia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godfrid,_duke_of_frisia ) [ and you also conquered us before that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rorik_of_dorestad ), 
  whenever i see scandinavians bicker i just do not know who to support , danes ravaged my coastlines in the past and the swedes invented surstr\u00f6mming , it 's such a morally gray conflict, 
  but you also have walloons, 
  but then we would need to fight over what will be left of belgium, 
  for maybe the first time ever in history , the eternal city will be ruled by a woman , quite interesting . 
  mostly because there romans where there a very long time , even after they lost rome, 
  i thought it was their cuisine that made britain unattractive for outsiders, 
  not allot of descendants of angles or anglo-saxons though, 
  just because something horrible happens often does not mean it is n't less horrible . 
  just because some people are aware of this injustice and some do not , does not make it any less of an injustice, 
  will they also recognize the genocide of assyrians and greeks ? 
  1453 never forget guys , replace kebab with gyros, 
  kind of i would say , the left is becoming farther left . 
   pro tip : shouting about how awful the far-right is will not make them go away . 
  same with the far-left, 
  will they also recognize the genocide of the greek and assyrian christians ? 
  not to familiar with sweden 's history excepting sabaton songs , did they have a racist history ? 
  did they discriminate in the past against the sami or fins or something ? 
  it 's just a broad generalization , people who make these really should n't be taken seriously . 
  they never had horny helmets , only horny minds , 
  interesting , feel bad for the guy though , he should get some nosepray or something, 
  estonia will now remember us as the guys that ratted them out to isis , instead of tulip farmers . 
  no , but my history teacher told me this too , allot of history teachers repeat some of the historical myths that already have been disproven for quite some time ( from personal experience ), 
  greeks and barbaroi , some things never change . 
  our ( glorious and fortuitous ) forebears, 
  lol sorry we let the brits wisk you away from the boezem of glorious orange rule , but tbh we 're cool being friends my dude . 
  do n't i 'll snitch about how you were wrong in the war my dude, 
  nedeollandeu is suprisingly close tbh, 
  i think he means with the eu in general, 
  those belgians make some of the best strips , wonder what 's their secret . . 
  maurits ' reformed ( in both senses of the word ) infantry  tercio, 
  you 're navies were so cute before our golden age, 
  you flemish guys ( to us dutchies ) sound really archaic actually , things like ` gij ' is quite old fashioned here , except in the southern rural areas, 
  and dutch, 
  speaking french to confuse us again i see ? 
  true , we 're really advocating for king william-alexander hremperor 2017 at this point, 
  they aspire to be the poles of poland ? 
  80 years and could n't beat us , step up your game spain !, 
  do n't give up hope , the corrupt people probably want you to lose all hope and give up !, 
  best luck to everyone in romania , hopefully sometime soon all the corruption will come to an end, 
  you 're right , i should 've been less impulsive about this . 
  well some of the grand inquisitors were bishops or archbishops of the church itself . 
  it 's a more expansive source , like you requested from the previous guy . 
  not from the independent , which was shorter etc. 
   as i have already told you , we will happily take a look at longer/better articles on the issue, 
  this story is still a bit fresh , so take it with a grain of salt etc. 
  the inquisition was there to enforce roman catholicism in spain ( phrased diplomatically ), 
  the swedes are n't ... 
  makes sense , thanks for the quick answers, 
  sad and true , while they went all around the world fighting for other peoples and their freedom ( including the freedom of my people * ) all they got in return was life under a tyrannical soviet regime . 
  * namely the 1st armoured division ( the one with the winged hussar emblems ), 
  in what ways does poland benefit from the ukrainian immigrants ? 
  ( curious ), 
  relevant ... 
  true , the spanish inquisition was not really separate from the church, 
  allot needs to be fixed about our system , i honestly do n't get why we are so high up . 
  do n't dare criticize hellas for hellenizing, 
  a damn shame , what could your government do to incentivize them to stay ? 
  fake , the dutch do have herbs , it 's why most foreigners come here, 
  but if stalin decided did n't like your people/ethnicity you would n't be treated equally bad, 
  this quote is as depressing and beautiful as finnish winter, 
  ~ ~ like the frisians do n't have funny accents ~ ~ the only thing unifying this country is our strange dialects and accents, 
  she was resisting a foreign invader , the dutch resistance was n't sent to court so she should n't either, 
  looks great , it reminds me of how the netherlands could end up being just more north sea one day . 
  could you rephrase it a bit please , ca n't really understand much now . 
  it 's europe , might as well put an infinity character there, 
  the batavians were also tributaries to rome, 
  three kisses , because i 'm not a two kiss non-dutch barbarian, 
  the dutch too had to do with the romans , with us being their bitches and all before rebelling, 
  i get the 3.2 , at high school we are thought english , german and french .
