a large portion of the first settlers in the dakota-wisconsin-minnesota area were norwegian immigrants . 
  for some reason they concentrated in that region and it 's apparent in the local food and dialect . 
  you can even find the odd [ stave church ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chapel_in_the_hills#/media/file:chapelinthehills3.jpg ) in that region . 
  giving children allowances is expected in germany , apparently . 
  in america it 's common , but mostly an upper-middle class thing . 
  what is [ this ] ( http://www.orvis.com/orvis_assets/prodimg/8r56fh5drkolv_lg.jpg ) called in the uk , then ? 
  i would take boring , functional politics over what we have any day . 
  in the mean time , i 'm going to retweet the [ alex jone 's bon iver song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwd6xgbvicg ) . 
  it keeps me sane . 
  ha , this is the closest to something i could see happening in american politics . 
  how does the prime minister of croatia not speak croatian ? 
  that was my impression . 
  dutch politics was leaking to the rest of the internet back in the spring . 
  i asked a similar question a while back on here , about political satire tv shows , and i 'm surprised how negatively some europeans feel about this topic . 
  from my view , making fun of the powers that be is healthy and democratic . 
  presidential debates in the us , for example , are almost universally recognized to be theater where candidates are just trying to get in focus-group-tested one liners and produce five second clips that they know will look good when played on the news the next day . 
  everyone knows it 's absurd and everyone treats it like it 's absurd . 
  part of that is internet-savvy people make memes . 
  i have no idea what 's going on in this , but i loved it . 
  something about watching comedy skits in a language you do n't understand about politics you know nothing about is really surreal . 
  i meant `` popular satire '' as a quick clarification of what i meant by `` political meme '' . 
  it 's reddit , so that was probably pointless . 
  i mean the specific phenomenon of something minor but silly happening and social media running wild with it like , in my country , a man named ken bone asked a question in a town hall debate last year . 
  he looked sort of silly and it was a whole thing for weeks on the internet . 
   many rental apartments do not include a kitchen . 
  why ? 
  do people eat out more or ... ? 
  / r/thathappened harlem is so gentrified now the only shots you 're going to get are espresso and they 're going for , like , $ 11 . 
  when making up bullshit , at least try to keep your culturally ignorant references within a decade of relevance instead of spouting off the first place you imagine black americans live . 
  his suits make him look like he doing cosplay as tom hank 's character at the end of [ big ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cydg4fowyaaku4q.jpg ) . 
  ultra-religious parents can be pretty thorough . 
  i grew up in the south and i knew a few kids who had to account for every minute they were not at home ; `` who were you with ? 
  were there boys ? 
  who was chaperoning ? 
  what 's their number ? 
  who drove you home ? '', 
  their life centered around home , class , and church and the parents made a full time job out of keeping their kid a virgin . 
  granted , this sometimes backfired fantastically and the kid would just become a fantastic liar capable of weaving together intricate stories with fake alibis . 
  rules regarding food were left up to the individual teacher . 
  it was common for light snacks to be allowed . 
  in my 11th and 12th year i was taking too many classes to have a lunch period so i was allowed to eat a full meal during history . 
   are the breaks between classes also so closely supervised in the us that they are trapped in the classroom and ca n't even walk in the hallways ? 
  no , using the bathroom in between classes was n't monitored . 
  i was curious what the protocol was in other countries when you needed to be excused during class . 
  in my high school it varied by teacher . 
  some teachers preferred you just slip quietly out and not interrupt their lecture while some had clipboards keeping track of how many times you used the restroom in a semester . 
  presumably you were n't picking your outfits straight out of the womb ? 
   it must be really bad in the us . 
  our national free refill policy helps take edge off the sting . 
  now that more answers are coming in , this must be it . 
  i do n't see how an entire continent can trust an eight-year-old to navigate a transit system , but thinks a ten-year-old needs helping picking out pants . 
   what is it like in the usa ? 
  clothes : as long as i can remember , i 've picked out my own clothes in the morning . 
  i was the youngest child , so a fair bit of my clothes were hand-me-downs . 
  when new clothes were to be bought , though , i was more or less on my own by 7 , my mom following me with the shopping cart occasionally giving opinions . 
  i do n't know if this is typical in the us . 
  food : i was responsible for my own breakfast and lunch by about 7 , but i could only cook cold food like cereal or pbj . 
  i remember making pancakes for mother 's day when i was 10 , so i must have had full stove privileges by then . 
  this is probably typical for what 's called `` latch key '' kids or kids that have two working parents . 
  roaming : i was the youngest of six , so i was allowed to play outside without parental supervision as soon as i could walk . 
  at about 10 i could only play at a friend 's house if my parents had met their parents and they approved . 
  i lived in a suburban cul de sac and that was basically my world outside of school until about 16 when some of my friends got cars . 
  being `` allowed '' to go to the shops or ride transit never really entered into it since all the shops were only accessible by car and transit was nonexistent . 
  when i was 16 i could ask to go here or there , but permission was always needed and questions were always asked . 
  my parents were probably a bit more strict than what 's usual , but most americans grow up in suburbs where riding transit and independently going to the store is rare . 
  relationships : i have no clue what the official line was . 
  my siblings and i all preferred to sneak around . 
  school : extremely regimented . 
  in middle school , as a response to a rash of bathroom vandalism , you not only had to ask to go to the bathroom , you had to ask the teacher for toilet paper and for how much . 
  in high school every teacher had their own bathroom policy from `` do n't bother me with that shit '' ( my colombian spanish teacher ) to a three strike system where after three times using the bathroom during class you would be put in detention . 
  leaving campus during hours was not permitted . 
  between parents and school , there were a lot of rules , but we managed to make our own freedom . 
  about once a week the last years of high school i would sneak out and rendezvous with my friends by the creek in the woods and drink , smoke , and party . 
  i managed to pull off a three year clandestine gay relationship under my parents ' noses as well . 
  i meant picking out what to wear , which is perhaps why the ages people are giving seem shockingly old to me . 
   it 's not a prison verbatim my colombian teacher 's reply , when asked . 
  school policy disagreed . 
  it 's strange that you were given much more liberty much earlier in almost every way except for picking out your own clothes . 
  i was literally too young to remember the last time my parents chose that sort of thing for me . 
  does the school charge for these sorts of trips ? 
   the real question is : why would you ?!, 
  this is a pretty common childhood game in america , usually at a pool party where staying clean is n't terribly important . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grzz0-rzaiu ) a somewhat bizarre howcast on the subject . 
  livid . 
  sharing a room in no way prevented my freshman roommate from wanking . 
  all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  we bankrupt people for getting cancer . 
  what are the odds we were ever going to be a `` the land belongs to the people '' kind of country ? 
  there are schools where it 's everyone , but mine was a `` school within a school '' situation . 
  you chose to enroll or not , but once you were in you had to take all ib classes and passing was tied to graduating . 
  i took the international baccalaureate in the states and i think it 's becoming more common . 
  you take six tests and need to score a certain number of points cumulatively to earn your degree . 
  we had to know the gist of each of your republics and empires , but before lois xiv , i have no idea what was going on . 
  best guess ? 
  louis i-xiii . 
  french history after 1789 is endlessly interesting to me , though . 
  nobody had to work harder for democracy than the french . 
  it was billed in school as a precursor to the age of revolution .
