  if it were , these people should be filing a dozen claims to the indonesian government for every one they file to ours . 
  this woman is obviously politically motivated , and not objective . 
  i think calling her a `` bleeding heart social justice warrior '' is , perhaps , uncultured , but not unfair . 
  well , i 'm purely speaking from what i see in the news . 
  the more prolific shootings in the us are mass shootings , and they very rarely use assault rifles . 
  mass shootings are the one gun crime where people use a lot of legally obtained weapons , and fully automatic assault rifles are very regulated in the us . 
  i can not recall criminal use other than the north hollywood shootout . 
  but here in europe , i can name four `` incidents '' this year alone which featured ak 's . 
  the shootings in paris , the attempt on the thalys , and an assassination in the netherlands . 
  this is far , far more prolific than what i recall from the past . 
  i 'm mostly basing my suspicions on the increase in their use . 
  there has to be a cause , and they 're certainly not coming from inside western europe . 
  despite america being a gun-slinging country , their criminals do n't seem to use ak 's nearly as often . 
  the only example i can offhand think of were the north hollywood gunmen , and they are an outlier . 
  the american police received military-style rifles to deal with such a potential threat , and it does n't seem to have materialized since then . 
  i wonder what impact schengen has on this . 
  we 're seeing a lot of ak-47 's in street crime , where they 'd previously use pistols or shotguns . 
  ak-47 's are military firearms , so that 's a pretty scary development . 
  i suspect they 're imported from the balkans , or similar regions , for which they now have to pass one poorly guarded border . 
  i am comparing political response , and i am doing so because i consider the gun-grabbing rethoric that follows attacks that could ( and should ) have been prevented by the authorities enforcing the laws that are already in place to be despicable . 
  it 's bad politics . 
  it reduces the rights of citizens for no other reason than trying to look responsive after a tragedy . 
  and a lot of people let it happen because it does not affect them , or because they simply believe people should not have those rights . 
  what i 'm doing here is a far cry from `` ahurdur cars kill people , so do guns , guns should be as easy to obtain as cars '' . 
  ironically , you 're presenting a simplistic argument yourself , here : cases involving cars and guns can never be compared , for whatever reason , and if you do so you are wrong without it warranting an intelligent response . 
  and while you 're accusing me of being simplistic , you have n't made one post with more than two sentences , and you have n't actually explained * why * you think my point is simplistic . 
  so if hypocrisy bothers you so much , fix your own first . 
   it 's double funny how you complain about ad hominem whilst you are the one calling people ` idiot ' on multiple occasions . 
  i 've used the word `` idiot '' once , to refer to you , after you called me simple-minded . 
  so what ? 
  you can dish it out , but not take it ? 
  i think this post fits your stringent requirements of civility , though . 
  this is not a matter of disagreeance . 
  a hyperbole is a figure of speech - a rhetorical tool - , and that 's simply a fact . 
  if you say that hyperbole is the same as dogma , then you are actually using a hyperbole . 
  saying that extremists use hyperboles , and hyperboles are therefor tainted is crazy . 
  you might as well not eat bread , or not use toilets , because extremists do those things . 
  no , do n't make any effort to actually understand my post . 
  just toss out an ad hominem , by all means . 
  and do n't even respond to the entire post , either . 
  just cherrypick whatever you think you can refute . 
  the point that 's going over your head , here , is that i 'm comparing political response to two very similar crimes . 
  i 'm not comparing a car to guns . 
  i 'm comparing one lethal attack to another , you idiot . 
  but you read `` guns '' , and you jump the metaphorical gun . 
  uh ... no ? 
  people love simple rhetoric . 
  i 've heard smart friends say all manner of dumb things after this tragedy , and i 've probably said some dumb shit myself . 
  one i 've heard is `` more guns = more violence '' , which is the sort of craziness the anti-gun crowd likes to roll out . 
  these anti-gun measures in the wake of attacks are completely ineffective , and a great example of dishonest politics . 
  they are trading the rights of citizens for the mere appearence of effectiveness . 
  a similar thing happened in the netherlands , when a gunman killed 6 people and himself with weapons he did legally own . 
  immediately the minister responsible suggested stricter gun laws . 
  but as it turns out , the guy 's parents had repeatedly appealed to the police that he was mentally unstable and should n't have access to weapons . 
  they were ignored . 
  incidentally , this was n't the most lethal attack in our country . 
  it was surpassed by an attack on the queen , which killed 8 people . 
  the perpetrator 's weapon ? 
  his car . 
  nobody has suggested stricter requirements for car ownership . 
  and considering i see a minimum of one idiot every time i take to the road , i 'd actually welcome such a suggestion . 
  you are not wrong , but the problem is that we are n't learning . 
  even the discussion of integration is still considered mostly taboo in european politics . 
  the people responsible for this idiotic policy do n't want to fix it , they want to ignore it . 
  many of them still think they are in the right , and the problems are somehow caused by the right wing reactionaries . 
  the second problem is the representation of mass immigration as a natural phenomenon . 
  it is not . 
  it was started out of political idealism ( socialist multiculturalism ) , and is enshrined away from * any * criticism . 
  every other nation in the world shows us that our immigration rates are not normal . 
  this translates to anti-immigration people in europe not being against immigration , period . 
  they are against mass-immigration as perpetrated by the political left , and the left is stubbornly refusing to admit they even have such a policy . 
  but it is a policy , as is blindingly obvious from afrikaners having a harder time being approved for coming on * vacation * here than non-western people have with immigrating . 
  that will be a good argument the moment i can drive to work on terrorists . 
  you 're one getting butthurt over a hyperbole , buddy . 
  we have roughly the same construct with gun laws in the netherlands . 
  for me , the real problem is that it 's illegal to own a weapon for self-defense . 
  there are simply no provisions for this . 
  a few months ago a jeweler defended her husband 's life with an illegally acquired firearm , killing two armed robbers ( immigrants , one of whom an illegal ) . 
  the husband had acquired the weapon after being robbed by armed robbers many times before . 
  a very pervasive problem for jewelers , in this country . 
  of course , the politicians have done exactly nothing to improve people 's safety . 
  the husband was proscecuted for owning an illegal firearm . 
  in my opinion , he should have had the right to own a gun for self-defense in the first place . 
  but people here hear this , and immediately think in stupid , binary terms where any move away from the tightly regulated violence monopoly of the state brings us into murica mass shooting territory . 
  i find it odd that the guardian , of all papers , would be complaining about the lack of pushback from the media . 
  they have been happy to goosestep right along with the establishment when it suited their needs . 
  it 's admirable that they call for more media involvement now , but i already know i ca n't rely on them to deliver on it . 
  but to adress the topic : yes , the same thing happened after charlie hebdo . 
  in the netherlands , it also happened after a mass shooting . 
  the political class is in the same position as the catholic church before the reformation : they are richer than ever , they have more power than ever , but they do n't have enough money or power , and they want more . 
  so they take any excuse to increase either . 
  and just ask yourself this : did any of the previous invasive measures and reduction of rights prevent the latest attack ? 
  they sure as hell did not . 
  there were similar attacks in lebanon and kenya , and was the death toll in paris any less because of measures previously put into place ? 
  no , it was n't . 
  rights given up are very hard to regain . 
  for instance , guns were banned in my country because of fear for a communist revolution . 
  that danger is long gone , now . 
  did we receive our gun rights back ? 
  nope .
