  take someone like anjem choudary in great britain . 
  this country has jailed people over offensive tweets , so certainly the legislation is there to haul that piece of garbage out of his mosque , throw him in jail , and close the mosque down . 
  yet it does n't happen , because of that pesky interpretation of `` freedom of religion '' that protects religious people when they say or do things that are illegal for the rest of the country . 
  my stance on religion is simple : you can adhere whatever the hell you want , as long as it stays within the confines of our laws . 
  the moment you step outside of that , is the moment `` freedom of religion '' no longer applies as an argument . 
  we live under the equality principle , and it should be enforced either way . 
  no special rights for the religious . 
  no , i 'm responding to a hypothetical question meant to shut down the other poster 's point by taking it to its logical conclusion : that it 's perfectly valid to ban this other , seemingly inoffensive , cult based on the same reasoning , because they perpetrate the exact same problems . 
  which , in turn , validates the point against these flavours of religion . 
  i would propose to treat the individual `` clubs '' inside these religions the same way we treat criminal organisations . 
  for instance , the hell 's angels find themselves raided as a group because they engage in illegal activities as a group . 
  the same rules should apply to a group of religiously motivated crazies . 
  tolerating the religion at large does not also mean we should tolerate the crazy people within it who use it as a shield . 
   people have a right to worship as they wish . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they have the right to worship as they wish * within confines of the law * . 
  and that last part seems to be problematic for religious extremists . 
  finland yes ? 
  the japanese army was terrible everywhere they came . 
  they acted like rabid animals , and it 's a terrible injustice that so many got away with it , and that the west seems intent on forgetting their horrors out of some misplaced guilt over the nuclear bombs . 
  even shiro ishii got to walk , because the us made a deal to use his research . 
  could n't they just have taken it , and shot that man in a ditch somewhere ? 
  do n't forget , christianity had to be * forced * to adapt . 
  and it was forced by - mostly - left wing parties . 
  this is part of the frustration of islam in europe , for me . 
  the same people who reduced the church 's power , flat-out refuse to apply the same logic to islam . 
  we were the first people to legalize gay marriage , in 2001 . 
  that sounds frightfully recent , especially for such a pro-lgbt country as we . 
  it was a christian party that continually blocked earlier attempts , and in 2001 they had waned enough in power to get it through . 
  so up until then , christianity was still exerting influence over our national politics . 
  i think religions naturally want to wield power . 
  and i think we need to eternally stand guard to ensure no one religion gains the power to influence national policy . 
  christianity is more mature , yes . 
  because they have to be , because they are an acceptable target . 
  inexplicably , the left wing shields islam from the same criticism , and thus islam gets away with more . 
  there are , of course , also cultural issues . 
  people seem to be more ready to fight and kill for islam than christianity . 
  christianity went through the reformation , leading to a revolution in a hitherto very patriarchal faith . 
  but in terms of political power , christianity did n't give it up willingly . 
   would you also ban orthodox judaism ? 
  i would . 
  in israel , the orthodox community manifests exactly the same problems we have with islam in europe . 
  they take control of entire neighbourhoods and enforce their religious laws , they demand exceptionalism in terms of the law , they riot violently for the smallest `` offense '' , they infiltrate politics to get their religious rule enforced , they attack `` outsiders '' , they even get aggressive when there is a camera present . 
  the only difference is we do n't have millions of them living in europe ( for ... some reason ... ) , and they are not an evangelical faith , so there will be no millions to come to europe . 
  they do not have the numbers to manifest this shitty behaviour , but they definitely would if they had , as they do in israel . 
  it 's all the same shit . 
  crazy beards , funny hats , and a divine sense of superiority . 
  oh , i forgot one last ridiculous thing . 
  you know how devout muslims in europe will wear a djellaba ? 
  in other words , a thin , white dress worn in desert environments because desert environment are hot and make your balls sweaty , and somehow this became associated with being a true believer \u2122 . 
  well , the orthodox jews in israel ( a desert climate ) wear thick , black winter clothing , down to fur hats , because the stuff they used to wear in cold eastern europe also became associated with their religion . 
  so , crazy beards , funny hats , a divine sense of superiority , and dressing improperly for the climate . 
  i have trouble with this narrative , because that 's also what they say , except it 's `` everyone against immigration is an uneducate provincial who has never even seen an immigrant '' . 
  i read an interesting article a few weeks ago about an american liberal trying to come to grips with the liberal paradox of taking sides with very un-liberal issues . 
  one point he made , was that even while living in texas - a very conservative state - he barely knew any conservatives . 
  without consciously doing it , he hangs out with people who reflect his way of thinking . 
  i used to hang with some people who could be considered left wing extremists , but they partly idolized the attitude some immigrants have . 
  they see the problems , but reason them away according to the just world fallacy . 
  what i find puzzling is that we 've seen this for years . 
  decades , even . 
  all the projected gains have failed to materialize . 
  instead , we have social unrest , and entire cultural enclaves permanently stuck on a state iv-line . 
  regardless of other views , youd say that at least * this * argument has been soundly rebuked by reality . 
  but still people preach it as if it 's the undeniable truth . 
  i do n't think it 's wrong . 
  we 've had politicians and media alike throw around accusations linked to the holocaust . 
  one of our national papers even had the audacity to run a headline saying `` yesterday , trains to the east , today , boats to the west '' , basically accusing everyone against immigration of genocide on par with nazi germany . 
  i do n't think you have any idea how insanely common the godwin is in european politics . 
  like this , it 's just a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  the accusations come first , that 's why there are these responses . 
  but you are saying that if you do n't want to be accused , you should not respond to the accusations , because anything other than a confirmation of the accusations makes you out to be a nazi . 
  that is circular , inquisition-type logic . 
  it 's funny how , a few years ago , right wing politicians against sending so much funding to eastern europe were accused of being `` anti-european '' . 
  now left wing politicians hold the same opinion , but it 's `` pro-european '' . 
  ok , the netherlands will immediately stop all payments to the eu . 
  this illustrates the weird disconnect a lot of people have between fascism and other crappy ways of running a country . 
  hitler 's fascism was n't the same as mussolini 's and franco 's , either . 
  yet you will find plenty of people claiming right wing parties will lead * directly * to hitler-style fascism . 
  there are even plenty of them in / r/europe , having a circle-jerk in every thread about how everyone who does not agree with them on immigration is a literal , stormfront-visiting , jew-killing nazi ( this despite the nazi 's , historically , being quite friendly towards islam , but hey ... ) . 
  hence my comment . 
  if we 'd apply the same logic , we 'd have to complain about the social democrats for that tenuous connection , too . 
  and if this is so important , why are n't socialist parties outlawed to prevent something like north korea from ever happening again ? 
  the infatuation with seeing nazism everywhere probably does more harm than good . 
  thought policing ? 
  from a left wing extremist ? 
  oh , it 's clear that who-ever made it has made up their mind about which side they 're on . 
  however , the message rings through with a lot of people in europe . 
  a longstanding frustration in europe with the media is a rather overt partiality towards left wing policy . 
  with a crisis like this , that preference becomes even more obvious . 
  the most recent example would be with the picture of the drowned child , leading to a headline in my own country that read `` the picture that should wake europe up '' . 
  and as such , it provides a much-needed counterpoint to the official media . 
  you mention the video being given `` spin '' by the music , but the established media give much more spin , cherrypicking events and refusing to report what they do n't like . 
  so what you 're saying is n't untrue , per s\u00e9 , but on its own leaves out the socio-political backdrop against which a lot of people see it . 
  hell , in the post you 're responding to i acknowledge the iffy nature of info wars . 
  their point is inflammatory and biased . 
  but so are the front page issues with the drowned boy , and the narrative attached to that style of reporting . 
  but the crux is , these are the established media . 
  with that comes an implied responsibility of impartial reporting . 
  and it 's clear this responsibility is n't honored . 
  arab and african are cultures .
