  english is also a culture . 
  english * heritage * is damn near synonymous with english * culture * . 
  you 're the one who is framing things , here , attaching race to questions that are n't about race . 
  how many of these same people are complaining about chinese immigrants ? 
  indian immigrants ? 
  if you honestly believe european politicians are n't trying to use the current crisis to further goals they have - quite openly - pursued for years , you are deluded . 
  calling out the obvious is n't the same as making up conspiracy theories . 
  they use fascists tactics and fascist rethoric . 
  they are extremists , which would be why they attack people who have the right to protest . 
  the dutch word is `` neger '' , which means black person and is derived spanish or portugese `` negro '' , which means black . 
  no , we have n't . 
  we 've had labour migration from eastern europe , which might be problematic on its own , but for entirely different reason . 
  but one of the reasons this might be problematic ( i.e. 
  working for their national minimum wage in countries with higher minimum wage ) also ensures that they do not settle , or want to settle . 
  because those are not living wages , here . 
  there is no family reunification , either . 
  and the most we might see is a polish shop here and there , but no entirely polish ghetto 's . 
  but most importantly , it 's not official government policy to spur on permanent migration from eastern europe . 
  and there also exists no stigma on having qualms about eastern european immigration , with even the most pro-islamic parties occasionally voicing concerns about it . 
  mass immigration is immigration for immigration 's sake , at unprecedented scale , for wholly ideological motivations . 
   or they 're just in line with whoever opposes the great satan . 
  this became very clear when the entire european left suddenly swung away from undying support for people like ghadaffi ( enlightened communist ! ), 
  and assad ( return golan to syria ! ), 
  when rebel movements sprung up to fight them . 
  suddenly the rebels were the heroes , and the people they used to love for their anti-western attitude the villains . 
   racism has n't a long tradition in poland because we never had any colonies and not much contact with other races i 'm sorry , but that 's nonsense . 
  colonial nations have been consistently less racist than other parts of the world , precisely because they shared empires with other cultures . 
  when americans in wwi did n't trust their blacks to fight on the front , colonial france asked for them to be transferred to their command , because they had been using colonial troops since the start , and did n't entertain silly ideas about blacks not being able to fight . 
  nonsense . 
  policy in western europe was one of widespread acceptance of their culture , and government assistence to boot . 
  the exact same thing happened , with entire neighbourhoods that are turkish or moroccan , with zero integration . 
  this is what the polish people fear , and i ca n't blame them . 
  they see the massive trouble we have in western europe with islamic immigrants , and they are in an even worse position to deal with problems like that . 
  we have a similar word in the netherlands . 
  of course , people are trying to turn it into a racist word by insisting it is , so they can complain about racism . 
  this is what the absolute vast majority of anti-immigration people think . 
  they are still called racists/fascists/nazi 's . 
   because it was the western europe that fucked up middle east , drawing lines in the sand during the colonial era and could n't solve it after ww2 , while also fucking up poland pre and during ww2 . 
  your heriditary guilt can just go to hell . 
  or we can force you to accept these refugees , because something something pogroms . 
   islamophobia has replaced antisemitism in whole eu for obvious reasons . 
  no , antisemitism has replaces antisemitism , and it has been brought to new heights by muslim immigrants . 
  the number of antisemitics attacks and `` incidents '' far outstrip `` islamophobic '' ones . 
  the antifa * are * fascists . 
  when info wars is more concerned with the truth than the mainstream media , you know you 're dealing with a propaganda offensive . 
  this sounds crazy , until you realize there have been multiple calls for increased political union in the eu , with the argument being that it 's needed to deal with this crisis . 
  why not as a journalist ? 
  many journalists are actively involved in peddling one political opinion or another . 
  people like to pretend journalists are supposed to be bastions of impartiality , but it 's literally never true . 
  it 's not a noble profession , and even in this very crisis journalists are spinning events to their favour , and sometimes selling outright lies . 
  yeah , some of the footage from palliwood is ridiculous . 
  it 's almost criminal that western news agencies can broadcast flagrant propaganda without consequence . 
  if you did any other job , and lied so blatantly about something important , you would be fired . 
  well , any other job except politics . 
  i 'm not the most politically correct guy , and i can say ( and have said ) my own share of dumb shit . 
  but here i was just going along with your comment about integration in a similar pastiche of things people say in this debate, 
  it was a joke . 
  maybe i should have added the / s tag , but i thought it would be obvious . 
  and yes , that seems to stroke with what i know about our colonial past . 
  very racist of the locals to expect them to throw away their culture , imho . 
  well , the tumblrinas are sexist because they apply the male argument * everywhere * , and universally . 
  it does n't matter if it 's about a reporter getting raped on the tahrir square , or a privileged western women who thinks her office 's airconditioning is too cold . 
  it 's all the fault of all men , everywhere . 
  where-as the argument about male refugees is very much tied to the scenario . 
  nobody who is pointing this out , is following it up with `` and we all know all men are assholes '' . 
  so yeah , maybe they sound a little bit like the tumblrina 's , but that 's because the tumblrina 's never say anything else . 
  and even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  still not seeing anyone clamouring to bring mass immigration to africa and asia . 
  edit : ah , the easy downvote . 
  why ca n't your argument be applied to the most racially homogenous places on earth ? 
  sounds racist to me . 
  interesting . 
  so this is commonplace in swedish politics ? 
  at one point , yes . 
  attitudes stick , though . 
  mostly it 's just ignorance and wishful thinking . 
  one of them was definitely crazy , so i 'm chalking it up to that . 
  i do n't begrudge them their attitudes , as individuals . 
  i 'm no political genius myself . 
  but groupthink scares me . 
  well , the real diehards were walking stereotypes . 
  but there are many people who will say `` communism was a good idea , but [ flimsy reasoning about what lead to the atrocities of communism ] '' . 
  the commie birthday party was the funniest . 
  walked into the kitchen to hear someone say '' ... and i 've written another article for joop.nl '' . 
  the ones aping vapid western consumerism are the ones i have the most hope for , honestly . 
  i 've met them . 
  well , i disagree . 
  i think the discussion about eastern europeans and third world immigrants is much different , despite both having their own share of negativity . 
  what also bothers me is the implication of a right wing only viewpoint , when i 've seen the left wing hack into it with a near-equal intensity , treating eastern europeans as `` acceptable targets '' . 
  though , i suppose things are different in britain . 
  some of the bnp stuff i 've seen was ludicrous and unfortunate . 
  and that when britain is ( according to the same polish girl ) getting the more educated polish people . 
  you 're right . 
  time to start another crusade . 
  it 's been too long . 
   born in soviet regime not that bad of a thing , given how many naive western europeans think communism was a good idea . 
   much of western europe views poles and czechs the same as any other immigrant . 
  a lot of people say this , but i 'm not seeing it . 
  much of the criticism is `` they took our jerbs '' , which is ... you know , kinda valid when they are willing to work for a third of the minimum wage here , which should be illegal , and actually is , but is n't if you jump through a few hoops . 
  we have a lot of polish people working here , and the biggest problem with them is that they 're more likely to drink and drive .
